1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
the friendly Indians remonstrated against thi« re-
fusal of General Jackson to recognize their claim,
and against his taking, by the capitulation-, eight
million acres of their land—thus blending them
with the hostile Indiana, and treating all as a con-
quered people; that at their request General Jack-
Bon permitted them to draw up a statement of the
9th of August, 1814, relative to their claims, and
of their right to the land, declaring, among other
things already quoted, that they relied " on the
justice of the United States to cause justice to be
done to them," and that he not only permitted
them to draw it up, but promised to forward it to
the President of the United States, which promise
he fulfilled.
lowintr. the Secretary of War wrote to Colonel
Hawkins, asking the nature and extent of the in- N
d mn'ty which these friendly Indians expected,
hoy.' fdi justice and policy would dictate its pay- j:
ment, and how it should be paid—whether in j
land, goods, or in money. On the 18th of Au- jj
gust, 1815, Hawkftis answered, that justice de- jj
manded the adjudication and payment of the :
claims; that the promises of General Pinckney j
should be redeemed; that the claims should be j
paid in money to the individual claimants. As to j
the amount of the indemnity, he could not report, 1
, own intestine troubles, and they had more than
j enough to do to settle those troubles, without in-
( sisting on the payment of a claim due only to a
i portion of the nation. A large portion of the
| Creeks are those who were hostile to us during
: the war of 1819 and 1813, or the descendant* of
i hostiles, and consequently they have no interest
j whatever in urging the claims; oil the con-
! trary, have doubtless felt worse than indifferent to
| their payment, because of their ancient hostility
j to those who were to be benefited by the pay-
, ment.
i I should have been pleased to have gone more
: elaborately into this case, but my object has been
from the commencement, not to dwell too much
bution was not to be made at that time, because
the whole amount of claims was not then ascer-
tained. Here was an express recognition, on the
part of the Secretary of War, that the $85,000 was
only designed to cover the claims in part, and was
not esteemed sufficient to cover the whole. Mitch-
ell, consequently, felfhimself instructed to with-
hold the money until the entire amount of claims
was known. He accordingly did so, and pro-
ceeded to complete the investigation which Haw-
kins had commenced. During that investigation,
claims to the amount of upwards of $300,000 were
presented. The chiefs, with the aid of Mitchell,
reduced the amount to £195,000. Toward this,
the §65,000 was paid, pro rata—about three fifths
The obligation imposed upon the United States i! of the entire amount being thus left unpaid. That \ upon collaterals, but to present the strong point#,
by General Pinckney's promises to the Indians lj leaves the amount nowaskedfor—$110,000. This j, I have endeavored to answer, as far as a limited
was so apparent, that the treaty or capitulation |l amount the Executive branch of the Government '' time would permit, certain objections which have
hav.ng been ratified on the 16th of February, j! has acknowledged due, and it is now asked of this i1 been urged, and may be urged again, to the pay -
1815,loon afterwards, on the 12th of July fol- '! committee and of this Congress. L ment of the claim. It has been said that the ad-
- ' ' ; Hawkins's first estimate, that §60,000 would :! verse report of 1824 ought to be binding and con-
have satisfied the Indians at the time of the draw- : elusive, because of the character of the gentle;
ing of the lines, is, as I have already stated,
brought up as au objection to this claim. It ts
said that that $60,000 was intended to cover the
whole amount, and that, therefore, the §85,000
ought to have been sufficient. It is further ob-
jected that the Committee of Ways and Means,
m 1824, made a report adverse to the claim,"and
that then- report should be conclusive. It appears j - that they had not Hawkins's second estimate be'
they had only before them Hawkins's first esti- p fore them, and consequently they did not act with
mate—$60,000—and knew nothing of his subse- i: a full knowledge ofall the facts of the case. And,
because tile vou7hers were nofin his'possession— !'• quent estimate §100,000. They therefore had ; sir> there are good reasons,independent of Pinck-
# part of them being in the hands of General ! not all the necessary facts before:them unon which „ey's promises, why the claim should be patd
Jackson's secretary, and the remainder being m I to base a conclusive report Whether the *60,000 .. Those promises, I take it, every gentleman will
' ~ was intended to cover the whole of the ciaims, ter- < say, are obligatory upon us. lhey are promises
ritorial and all, of the friendly Indians, or not, is, > from which we cannot with honor escape. _ Gen-
as I have before stated, perfectly immaterial to the tlemen may sneer at the idea of such a thing as
issue here. That was not an estimate, butamere j; honor in dealings between us and the weak rem-
opinion, without data or vouchers to sustain it. ;j nants of a tribe, who were at one time powerful
Upon subsequent and partial inquiry, there was :! enough to compel us, from motives of policy, if
made an estimate of $100,000, and still later, after jj fr0m no other, to do them justice. But the same
rigid inquiry, the whole amount was found to be ji principles which govern us in our intercourse with
$195,000. The direction to withhold the payment j; the most powerful nations in the world, should
of $85,000 until the claims were all in was, in it- ji equally be our rule of action in dealing with the
self, a recognition, upon the part of the authorities :| red men, even though it be only a feeble bana*
here that $85,000 could not satisfy the entire jj We promised these people certain considerations
. ' . X , ,-s-T . /  . i' •  :  ... J havA
men composing the then Committee of-Ways and
Means, from which that report emanated. That,
sir, would be paying too much deference.to the
opinions of individuals, even if they had at that
! time all the light in relation to the case before
Ihem, which we have now. But that was not the
case, because we are told bv the Indian Bureau
the possession of the assistant agent at Coweta.
One objection now urged to the payment of the j;
claims is, that, although Colonel Hawkins said, '>
in his letter of the I8U1 of August, that he could
not state the amount of the claims, he yet ventures
the opinion that "at the time of drawing the lines
for the treaty"—the capitulation at which the land
was taken—the Indians would probably have been
satisfied with §60,000. It has been asserted that
the §60,000 was intended as an estimated amount
sufficient to cover the entire claim of individuals for
destruction of their property. The interpretation
put, by the Indian Bureau, upon that sentence of
Colonel Hawkins's letter embracing the,opinion
relative to the ^C0,000 is, that the amount ($60,000)
was designed by him as an estimate of what the
Indians would have taken for their territorial rights,
and had no relation to individual claims. It is
perfectly immaterial, however, whetjur he meant
the one or the other, for it was but W opinion—
made, it would appear, without any consultation
with the Indians, and, as he himself said, without
the facts of the case before him. It was not even
estimate—for an estimate presupposes some
claims justly due to the Indians.
It is sometimes said, that this claim was in part
j provided for by the treaty of 1826, by which we
! engaged to pay $1,00,000 to certain Creek Indians,
a part of which'sum we have paid very recently.
' But that $100,000 had no relation whatever to
: these claims. It grew out of a previous treaty
I which this Government made in 1825 with Mc-
! Intosh and a few of the Indians friendly to him—
i a treaty which, it was subsequently charged, was
' brought about by improper means, and which
, created so much dissatisfaction among the Indians
! generally, that Mcintosh and many of his friends
soon killed—victims to the fury of then-
data upon which it is based—and he expressly !
stated he had none such; that none of the vouchers '! ™'^^t '^"supposed themselves outraged by ii the payment'of this claim.
He was instructed to as- j| gQ obnoxious was that treaty, that m is found in the fact, that at .
1826 another was made to annul the previous one; ; Jation, which was designed to be a capitulation ot
latter, the Government agreed to pay : hostile Creeks only, the friendly Creeks wefe
i • c. .  .' « dxA ktr !'   4 tli llio P r <st 1 WPPP rOfluS a DAI
were in his possession.
certain the amount of the claims which would be
embraced under the principles and promises pub-
lished by General Pinckney. He proceeded to do
this, and on the 1st of April, 1816, made a report
"on the claims of the friendly Indians for losses
1 sustained by them in their civil war, agreeably j
• to the terms of peace offered by Major General .
' Pinckney, 23d April, 1814, and the preliminaries j
' of the treaty of Fort Jackson, of August follow-
'ing." Up to that time he found due §78,360 75,
nut3 of claims presented to the amount of ■
for their services, and for the damages they have
sustained as our allies, and those promises we havfe
not redeemed in full. Shall we seek to escapfe
their redemption because of the inability of thfe
tribe now to compel us to their fulfillment? or shall
we rather keep faith with those who were friendly
to us in the time of our need?
Now circumstances are reversed—we do not
need their services, but they are dependent upon
us; but does this deprive them of their right to
demand justice from us? Is this a reason requir-
ing them to abandon all expectation of tlie fulfill-
ment of our promises to them ? I said there were
reasons independent of Pinckney's promises for
_ e payment of this claim. One of the strongest
found in the fact, that at the time of the capitu-
'' 4100 000 as indemnity for injuries sustained by I1 merged with the hostiles—were made a party to
: llclntosh's friends from the hostility of the other the surrender, and thus treated as enemies, after
Indians in consequence of their dissatisfaction j hav,„g fought with us, not.against hav-
with the treatv of 1825. : mg been our allies instead of our enemies, vve
Again, it is said that this claim has rested a long ; made them a party to the surrender, and took from
■ - .and no mention has been made Jj them eight million acres of land, in addition to^the
time—since 1817  
of it in Congress subsequent to 18-4, until within
a very recent period, and therefore it is argued
the claim must have been considered as ha\in.
§108,415 12J, but he stated in that report, that , ---- ag b . unjust_ Neither of ttioi
he could only arrive at an approximation to the |i hol(js g-ood. There is proof hereof s
amount of these claims, because tile hunters were , r ,. * '_!.i i—tK^t- tKp Indians were nevi
absent. Now all who know anything of Indians, |
are aware that hunters and warriors are synony- '
inou.-i. and are the leading men of the nation—those
alone who know aught relativeto the affairs of the '
nation. In the absence, then, of the hunters, it
was utterly impossible for Colonel Hawkins to
arrive at anything like a close approximation to
the amount o"f theV.laims. He reported, however,
that, in his judgment, §100,000 would cover the
whole.
In March, 1817, soon after that report was
made, Concress appropriated §85,000, and that
amount was forwarded. Before, however, it could
fifteen millions we took from the hostiles._ We
had, it is true, a good political reason for doing so.
 o . We were governed in the act by policy, not by
Neither of those ;! strict justice; but having benefited by the policy,
nosit'ons holrts goou. ± neie i= proof here of an ■! shall we now refuse to pay a just debt to those
mdi"soutable character, that the Indians were never ! who were injured by it, thus paying for one injury
,«tiXd with the paVment of the §85,000, and ' by the infliction of another? Reverse the case.
Sit was neTei considered a payment in full If j, if paliey thus denied upon the part of otheryus-
thev did not present their claim to Congress, they
were constantly urging it on the Department.
Mr. Calhoun says, on March 10th, 1824:
c,shve the Dement of the §85,000 above-mentioned,
' repeated applications lmve been made by the Creek India™!
't forfmther demands, bat the DpPa«n,fnttd^ll"?dn^1' 'f,™
' tliem as there was no appropnatiun at its disposal .Hat
could be so applied.'*
The Indians have constantly, year after year,
urged their claim on the Department, but t.ie De-
partment has had no money with wmchto pay it.
— :07 — of • W they nowask
t IT- • the C,equation of Indians, as those famil
\lmhof March, im. and the Sec- iar ™
retary of War instructed him that the filial distri-
le the ureeK nauou m
iar with their history well know, were almost dis-
! banded and disorganized m consequence of their
tice to us, how long would it be submitted to ?
These eight million acres of land from the friendly
; Indians, and the fifteen millions from the hostile
' ones, have since been m part sold by the United
States for a sum far exceeding the cost of that
I Creek war. . . _
! General Pinckney was told to insist upon a sua-
I cient quantity of land to cover the expenses of the
' war; and included in those expenses should be, ot
course, the claims which he subsequently reeog-
. nized on the part of the friendly Creeks for in-
I denmitv. I repeat, a sufficient quantity of those
! lands has already been sold to far more than com-
' uensate for the expenses of that war, including
| i • 1STV. -. raaonin. fcnftTI ■
I these ciaims.
e expenses ui « «. >
What good reason, then, is there
