1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
why the claims should not be paid? We have the
money in our Treasury—the proceeds of the lands
—and shall we keep it there and thus speculate at
the expense of justice, and of our promise to those
who befriended us in the hour of our need, and
suffered because of that friendship? We have not
only refused to pay them out of the pioceeds of
the domain taken from the hostile Indians as we
promised, but we have taken their own lands.
We had a political purpose to accomplish, and
we had political reasons for our action. But let
us not now adopt the dollar-and-cent policy of
refusing to pay a debt because the creditor is too
feeble to enforre ifpayment, and because, having
the money in the Treasury, we can appropriate it
to another use. Such policy, if avowed, would de-
grade us, as it ought to, in the estimation of every
man in the civilized world.
I recollect, Mr. Chairman, when this matter
was previously under discussion, and my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
[Mr. Johnson,] was speaking on it-1—I recollect,
1 say, a little opposition fiom yourself, (Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair,) opposition
usual, and usually expected of you; because, 1 be-
lieve, whatever other charges, if any, can be
brought against you, partiality for any bill which
contemplates appropriations of money out of tlie
Treasury, for any purpose whatever, is not among
them. 1 do not'wish to be understood as desiring
to take advantage of your now occupancy of the
chair for the purpose of making any allusions to
you, under the supposition that you cannot an-
swer them. If you desire to answer, I trust you
will call another gentleman to the chair, and ob-
tain the floor for that purpose. Every facility in
my power, even to yielding a portion of my own
time, shall be granted you for that purpose. X
will now read a portion of your language upon the
occasion of the previous debate (25th March ult.)
upon this subject. I shall do it, as you will find,
Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of calling your at-
tention to a promise which you then made. In
view of that promise, I candidly expect you, Mr.
Chairman, as an honorable man—and such we
know you to be—to hereafter be one of the warm-
est advocates of this amendment; for you promised,
under certain circumstances and upon certain
conditions, to support it cheerfully. Those con-
ditions have been complied with, as can be easily
demonstrated to the House. Your language upon
the occasion referred to, is as follows:
" Tf the Committee on Indian AfTaii*, or the Committee
on Claims, or any othoi committee of ihn  House, will take
up this case, inveslujaio and ascertain vvhat particular In-
dians, who were fuendly to the United States,are entitled
to the specific sums or' money winch make up tins aggre-
gate sum of$l 10,0011, ami report wuch a bill here piovidtug
for the payment of the particular Indians who sustained
losses, or, m case of their death, to their heirs, I will vote
most cordially and cheerfully to pay this, money to them.
Let us know who are the Indians, and who are the heirs.
I think we should not only be ju*t, hut we should, upon all
occ.vioun, be liberal to the Indians in this country. I say,
if you will ascertain who aio the particular Indian chiefs
and wan ion* of the iriendl.v party entitled, I will vote for a
bill to pay them. But, uuiil I know who they are, [ can-
not vote thi> money. I know that the gentleman fiom Ar-
kansas (iUr. Johnson) would not, nor would any member
of this committee, a:-k for (ho payment of this money if it
were jjoiui; lo (he Qeck nation a* a nation. If it is due at
all, it is due to particular individuals ; and when it can be
asceitamerl and a i pocifie appropnation made to them,then
I will give it my support."
Now I intend- Mr. Chairman, to hold you to
this promise. We have taken this matter up, we
have investigated ii, and ascertained -to what par-
ticular Indians, or their heirs, this money is
payable. Here is the list, [holding it up,] each
individual's name, and the amount he was entitled
to. Many of these individuals are yet living, and
where they are not, their heirs are very easily
traced, and this money will be paid to them; and
where there are no heirs, the money will remain
in the Treasury. If I have not met every objec-
tion which can be urged to the amendment, I hope
some gentleman will let the fact be known; or if
any gentleman desires to state and debate an ob-
jection, I will yield him a portion of my time for
that puipose, expressing at the same time an en-
tire conviction of my ability to hereafter success-
fully refute his objection.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to send up an amend-
ment to the amendment already offered to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state that
he dopsinot understand the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Fitch] to offer an amendment, but to
give notice of one he will offer when the right time
arrives.
Mr. FITCH. That is all.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will have to be
read through by clauses and paragraphs, and then
the amendment will be in order.
Mr. MEADE. 1 then give notice that I will
at the proper time offer as an amendment to the
amendment the one which I send to the Chair. I
desire the Clerk to read it.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Provided, That before the said sum, or a >y portion there-
of, be paid, the said tube or nation of Indians shall give a
release of all demands arising out of said war, and the treaty
consequent thereon.
Mr. MEADE. My object, sir, in offering that
amendmeptis to conclude, upon the part of the
Indians, any further demands upon the Govern-
ment. Probably, sir, I might, in strict justice,
admit that these Indians did have an equitable
claim upon this Government for the eight million i
acres of territory which weretaken from them under
this treaty. However, it would be a stale demand,
and one which I wish to have relinquished. As
has been stated by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch,] when we made a treaty with the
hostile Creeks, we agreed beforehand with the
friendly Creeks that we would provide for their
indemnity, they having lost large sums in houses,
furniture, horses, and cattle. When General
Jackson took possession of that army, previously
under command of General Pmckney, he assumed
to himself, in virtue of the ample instructions
which had been given to his predecessor, to pre-
scribe the terms of that treaty, and unfortunately
for those friendly Indians, it became necessary,
from the necessities of State alone, to deprive them
of large strips of territory running down to the
Florida line, the object being, as stated by Gen- i
eral Jackson at the'time, to cutoff communication
between the Indians living on the west side of the
Chattahoochee river, and the warlike Se'minoles
who lived in the Territory of Florida. That was
done for the future security of our citizens. While
its injustice abstractly was admitted—while the
friendly Creek Indians were aware that great in-
justice was done them in depriving them of their
territory, yet they yielded to the interest of the
United States, relying hereafter upon the justice
of the American Government to grant them an
indemnity.
After that treaty was made, Mr. Chairman,
ordeis were issued to our Indian agent, Mr. Haw-
kins, to ascertain the loss whichnhe Indians had
suffered in their lands, and in their horses and
cattle; and after a partial examination, Mr. Haw-
kins reported to the Government that he would
estimate their Josses at somewhere about $100,000.
But before he had completed his investigations,
Mr. Hawkins died, which subsequently led to the
appointment of Colonel Mitchell, who completed
the investigation. It is in the report of Colonel
Mitchell, made in the year 1817, that this sum of
$130,417 is stated as the amount due to these In-
dians, for depredations committed by these hostile
Creeks. *
Well now, Mr. Chairman, I find that that does
not embrace the eight million of acres of land
which we took from them, and which now consti-
tute a portion of the State of Georgia, and from
the sale of which, I understand, we have already
received some $8,590,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this nation of Indians has
dwindled down to a comparatively small number;
but yet some persons may take it into their heads
hereafter to stimulate those Indians to come for-
ward and demand payment for these lands, and it
is for that leason that I offer the proviso, which
requires that the nation, before this $110,417 shall
be paid them, do grant a release of all demands
that may have originated in that war.
Mr. FOWLER. I am deeply interested in the
gentleman's statement. Will the gentleman in-
form me how much they have already received?
Mr. MEADE. They have received about ;
$85,000 or $90,000. I do not know the exact
amount.
Mr. FOWLER. Of the $110,000?
Mr. MEADE. No. Of the $200,000 and odd.
I will state to the gentleman that this $110,000 is
the balance left, after giving them credit for
$85,000 appropriated before the balance was as-
certained, Congress believing, at the time, Mr.
Hawkins to be right in his estimate of the amount
of money due them for these depredations. This
is the balance.
.Mr. FOWLER. How much, if anything,
have they received on account of that eight million
acres of land?
Mr. MEADE. They have received nothingon
account of that eight million acres of land, as
I understand. Now, in view of that fact, Mr.
Chairman, I am not inclined particularly to scru-
tinize every item stated in this balance of $110,000,
knowing full well, whether it be more or less
than their sufferings amounted to, the fact that we
have taken eight million acres of land from them,
from which we have realized, probably, as many
millions of dollars. I will not go into an exact
account, with a view to ascertain the real bal-
ance due to them for these depredations.
Mr. JOHN SON, of Arkansas. I am informed
by a gentleman that, while I was outside of the
bar, the gentleman introduced a proposition to put
a barrier "to their presenting any other claim these
Indians may have against the Government—pro-
viding, if tins be given, that they are never to de-
mand anything else from the Government.
Mr. MEADE. My proposition is, simply, that
before this money is paid to these Indians, the na-
tion shall release all demands growing out of that
war, and the treaty consequent upon that war.
Mr. JOHNSON. You are speaking of the
eight million acres of land. The taking of that
was one of the~consequences growing out of that
war.
Mr. MEADE. It may be so contended.
Mr. JOHNSON. The proviso is, then, to c*t
off these Indians or their heirs from the reclama-
tion of those eight millions of acres ?
Mr. MEADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thegentlemen then stated that
if it were not adopted, the gentleman from Arkan-
sas might come in and attempt to obtain for these
Indians the reclamation of these eight million acres
of land.
Mr. MEADE. I did not say so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am then incorrectly in-
formed. I will state to the gentleman that I do
not oppose his amendment, which precludes these
Indians from ever coming back again. I will not
oppose it if thes3 Indians want to take the $110,000.
If they are willing to take it by way of compio-
mise for every other right they may have, I will
vote for the amendment. I am willing that it shall
be passed. But it will be a proud task for any
man to stand upon the floor of the House of Rep-
resentativeg^and compound the debts of the Gov-
ernment o4Phe United States against a creditor
powerless, and who is under your feet! But I will
vote with the gentleman! Is that the way the
American House of Representatives is to legis-
late with reference to an ignorant, helpless,
down-trodden people ? This is the measure pro-
posed. I will not do otherwise than vote for the
gentleman's amendment, and let these Creek In-
dians take the $110,000, and let them feel, when
they have taken it, that the Government which
took from them while they were its allies, and
after they had been bravely contending for our
cause eight million acres of land—this great and
good Government—their great Father is the one
which reaches out its hand to pay a just debt of
$110,000, saying: " I will give you that which
i I own to be due yon, but you must acknowledge
' beforehand, that in robbing you of eight million
'acres of land, I have robbed you most right-
eously." Is that it? Tnat is the philosophy of
this House.
Mr. MEADE. I did not yield the floor to the
gentleman to make a long speech. I offered that
amendment for the purpose of settling this account
with the Indians now and forever. The Indians
have preferred their claim for $110,000. I want
them to bring forward at this time every claim
they may have against the Government to pre-
clude legislation hereafter upon the subject. And
I now give the gentleman from Arkansas notice,
that if these Indians have any further claims
against this- Government, and he desires to be-
friend them, let him bring them forward now. I
am opposed hereafter to having these claims re-
opened. They have slept upon their rights, if
they have any, in relation to these lands, from
1814 down to the present time, and I do not wish
these old transactions ripped up again. If they
have anything to claim in consequence of the taking
of these eight million acres of land, I say let them
