6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec.
ent, and by a clear unequivocal, resolution they
have acquiesced in the compromise measures.
[Laughter.] Well, I see that gentlemen laugh at
the paucity of our numbers! Ay, it is our mis-
fortune that we have n© one hundred and forty
members upon the floor of the House, as they
have; but it is not charitable to laugh at us for
that. We have but seventy or eighty Whig mem-
bers in all, but it is probable that we could largely
increase the number if we were no more particular
about principles than they are. Nearly all of
those who were in the city this morning assem-
bled in the Capitol, and expressed their opinion in
favor of acquiescence in the finality of the compro-
mise measures. Our breaches have thus been
healed. But how is it with the gentlemen upon
the other side of the House ? How is it that Whig
northern men, who are the defenders of these
compromise measures, are deserted by Democratic
gentlemen from other portions of the country who
profess great devotion to them, but who are un-
willing to sustain and defend those measures, or
to make any record that tliey do sustain them? I
have no doubt that the gentlemen upon the other
side can, upon the single principle set forth or
made known by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] succeed in effecting an election: for
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee who
opened the ball, says he votes for Mr. Boyd be-
cause he is in favor of the compromise measures.
X have no doubt that a very large majority of this
House is in favor of acquiescing in those meas-
ures. The Whigs now are nearly all upon that
platform. If that be the only principle upon which
the gentlfcman from Kentucky is nominated by the
gentleman from Tennessee, he shall have my vote
with all my heart. But the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gartter] rises and says that he votes for
Mr. Boyd not because he is a friend of the com-
promise measures, but because he is the nominee
of the Democratic caucus. Here is a distinction
and a decided difference, and all the difference m
the world between the Democracy of Ohio and
Tennessee. I should like to know in which State
is taught the true Democratic faith ? I should like
to know by which of the expounders I am to be
educated ? There must be others, even Democrats,
groping as much in the dark as myself. I see in
the seats just before me two highly honorable and
very distinguished gentlemen in the northern Dem-
ocratic ranks, [Mr. Rantoul and Mr. Cleve-
land,] and if the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] teaches the true faith, he
exiles them from the Democratic party at once;
but if the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Caktter] be the exponent, they are the real
Democrats, and the gentleman from Tennessee
himself is but an interloper in the ranks. Wis-
consin, too, and the gentlemen who represent it,
are deeply interested in having this dispute settled
at once. And so are other Democratic States,
provided Democracy does not mean one thing at
the North and altogether another thing south of
this. At the opening of a Congress, with a Dem-
ocratic majority of sixty in this House, we have
a candidate for Speaker formally presented to us
upon principles utterly variant. Tennessee pre-
sents him upon the principle that he is in favor of
the compromise measures, and Ohio not that he
is in favor of them, but only because he is the
nominee of the Democratic party!
Now, it is of some considerable importance to
us from New York, upon all sides of this issue, to
know where we stand before we begin to stand at
all. The gentlemen upon the other side have rep-
resented their party as discordant and belligerent
upon measures which, in their vital importance to
this country, rise above all party, and before
which all party issues dwindle into insignificance.
It is important, therefore, for me to know where X
am to stand, and how I am to vote, before I vote
at all. If the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr
Boyd,] who is the nominee of the other side is
the candidate only of the compromise measures
as the gentleman from Tennessee presents him f
am ready to vote for him, and he shall cheerful'lv
have my vote, with all my heart in the bargain
If, on the other hand, he is presented as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] presents him, as
the nominee of my distinguished colleague [Mr
Preston King,] who figured conspicuously in
the Democratic caucus, (as his talents enable him to
figure every where with distinction,) and of other
northern Democratic gentlemen from our State
who, with pleasure, i)o doubt, follow his lead in
this matter, why, it is impossible for me to vote for
him. X want to vote for a man who is in favor of
acquiescence in the compromise measures, and not
for any candidate the nominee of a party that is
opposed to them. I think it a matter of the very
gravest importance, that the organ of this the pop-
ular brancn of the Government, should, by his
election, and the mode and manner of it, be made
to express the opinion that the painful and start-
ling issues of the last Congress cannot be reopened
in this. I think it due to the North and the South
both, that they should this day know, in the nomi-
nation or selection of a Speaker, that the slavery fire-
brand is to be played successfully with no longer.
I think, if I may be allowed to speak so freely, it is
not only dishonest but dangerous for a party with
sixty majority in this House, to organize by pan-
dering one way to abolition Democracy North, and
to slavery Democracy South. It is riding the
wind to reap the whirlwind, and it is a whirlwind
that some of us Whigs, at great personal sacrifice
in the last Congress, quelled once, and that we
do not want to be called upon to quell too often.
It is of importance, therefore, for all of us to know
where we are, who we are, and where we are tend-
ing. If the Democratic party is one thing in Ten-
nessee and altogether another thing in Ohio; one
thing in Massachusetts and Connecticut and anoth-
er thing in Pennsylvania; if it be nothing but a
struggle for the spoils, and means to use the slavery
excitement, sectionally and at all hazards, to get
them; if it be thus a sacrifice of the country for the
purpose of obtaining the organization of this House
or the Presidency; if Democracy be, in the South-
ern country, the agitation of the slavery question
so as to overthrow the Union, and in the northern
country abolition, to bear down all of us Whigs
who are defenders of the compromise bills;—if that
be Democracy, why, it certainly is not in my
power to vote for any nominee of the Democratic
caucus. On the contrary, upon the single princi-
ple that the gentleman from Tennessee has indica-
ted, I could give that nominee, with great pleas-
ure, my vote. I hope, therefore, to hear from
gentlemen on the other side upon what platform
they do really intend to stand their candidate;
whether he is to stand upon one leg or two legs,
or whether he go like a quadruped, walking on all
fours. For that gentleman himself I have the
highest respect. I know where he has stood, and
what he has been, and I stood with him, side by
side. 1 have not one word to say against him. I
have no right to judge what is or what ought to be
his position. But I know enough of him to feel
sure, that if he is unchanged since the last Con-
gress, he can receive no pleasure in taking a Homi-
nation from a party which has refused to indorse
those measures of which he was so earnest an
advocate, and in the passage of which he took so
conspicuous a part. If a caucus means anything,
it means to express a coincidence of opinion; but
from the demonstrations on the other side of the
House, it would seem that there was no such coin-
cidence of opinion. There is, then, as one of
the gentlemen from Tennessee [Mr. B. meant
Mr. Jones] insinuated, disorder and discord upon
the other side of the House; harmony and con-
cord upon this.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman totally mis-
represents me. I made no such statements or
admission. I know of no party misfortun es among
the Democracy. I merely stated that the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanjly,] not
finding any comfort in his own party, was looking
for consolation abroad, by imagining some one
more unfortunate tlum himself. His conduct is
good evidence as to the condition of your party,
but none as to mine.
Mr. BROOKS. I have only to say, in conclu-
sion, that the Whig party has, in its congressional
caucus, taken that sort of action which presents
to the country a harmonious and united front, and
on that front they mean to stand. If any portion
of the Whig party are dissatisfied with our posi-
tion, let them secede and go over to the other side,
where all sorts of principles are likely to prevail,
or can find a refuge and accommodation, because
no expression of opinion has been made, or can be
made, so different are the opinions of that party
m the northern and southern sections of this
Union.
J^EADE. Mr. Clerk, I was more than .
gratified to learn from the gentleman from New ■
York, [Mr. Brooks,] that the Whig party had
healed all their old difficulties, and had united for
the purpose of supporting the compromise meas-
ures which passed Congress—the slave bill and
all. I understand that he has stated it as a fact
before the country, that the Whig party of the
North are now opposed to agitation, and are per-
fectly willing to execute every article in the com-
promise, slave bill and all. I understand, then,
that there is no division of opinion amongst the
Whigs of the North upon that subject. Do I
understand that declaration to be made unqua i-
fiedly ?
Mr. BROOKS. I will say that the Whig cau-
cus, this morning, by an almost unanimous expres-
sion of opinion, gave utterance to an acquiescence
of the compromise measures, and that henceforth
opposition to that resolution here will be disor-
ganization .
Mr. MEADE, (continuing.) Mr. Clerk, that
explanation of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is fraught with a good many things
addressed to the reflection of the South, and the
other portions of this Union who are in favor of
the execution of the provisions of the compromise.
I understand the Whig party of the North—those
who were in attendance here this morning in cau-
cus—represented probably about one fourth por-
tion of that party. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the northern Whigs who attended
that caucus will undertake to declare to this Union
that their constituents, or even a majority of
their constituents, will sustain them ? or, in other
words, that they reflect the sentiments of the large
body of the Whig party of the North? and that
that party are now prepared to stop agitation upon
the slavery question, and to carry out faithfully
the provisions in relation to the returning of fugi-
tive slaves ? Do I understand that pledge now to
be given to the country?
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman will permit
me. The best explanation that I can make is to
read the resolution that was adopted.
Mr. MEADE. I have just now said that the
Whig resolutions were passed by the Whigs of
the South united with a small fraction of the
Whigs of the North. That is what I understand
to be the case. The whole body in attendance
upon that occasion represented about one third
part of the Whig party of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the honorable gentleman
permit me to add, that the majority of that caucus
—a large majority—was from the northern States.
There are not many Whig members in this House.
The number of members there was between fifty
and sixty. At the Democratic caucus there were
eighty-three members out of onehundred and forty-
two. I will read the resolution that was adopted,
with the permission of the gentleman:
Resolved, That we regard the series of acts known as
the adjustment measures, as forming in their mutual de-
pendence and connection a system of compromise the most
conciliating and the best for the entire country that could be
obtained from conflicting sectional interests and opinions,
and that therefore they ought to be adhered to and carried
into full execution, as a final settlement in principle and
substance of the dangerous and exciting subjects which they
embrace.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to speak a word in explanation ?
Mr. MEADE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Clerk, I was at that
caucus. I moved to lay these resolutions upon the
table. I stated, in connection with that motion,
that I would not be bound by these resolutions.
[Laughter and applause.] In my judgment there
were about forty members there. I did not count
them. I will further say, that in the vote to lay
the resolutions upon the table, which was on a
division by ayes and noes, I judge about one
third were in favor of laying them on the table.
[Laughter.] I will say in conclusion, Mr.Clerk,
that I deem it my duty to have the facts known as
they are. If I am called a seceder, so be it. lama
Whig, have always been a Whig, and probably
will ever be a Whig. I mean to stand firmly
where I always have stood. [Applause.] I shall
not be bound by the resolutions of others, passed
beforehand. I mean to act standing upon my own
feet in this House, and elsewhere.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order, as destroying the harmony of
the Whig party-
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Fowler] seceded from the Whig
