1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1788
bring forward that claim now, and I will consider ;j soon as he shall have concluded his remarks. I
it. But i have no idea these Indians shall here- ■ ; presume no one else desires to discuss it. The
after, when theyare almost extinct, bring forward j' Senate have now introduced a joint resolution
claims for millions of dollars against this Govern- ■ proposing to amend the joint rules of the two
ment, after they have slept for forty or fifty years. Houses that appropriation bills from us shall not
Mr. FOWLER. If the gentleman will allow be received within ten days from the time fixed
another inquiry. If I understand the gentleman for adjournment. It is absolutely important we
from Virginia, he admits they have an equitable || should send them something. I move debate upon
claim for the eight million acres of land, and that jj the Indian appropriation bill be terminated one
they are entitled to §110,000 for losses.
Mr. MEADE. 1 say this, Mr. Chairman: that j;
they might hereafter bring forward a claim against j!
us for this eight million acres of land. I have not :
sufficiently investigated the subject to say whether !|
it would bean equitable claim or not; I only know j!
that they had a title to the land which was taken I1
from them by this treaty; but there have been !j
many other treaties made with these Indians, and \
there have been other pecuniary considerations I;
passing between the Government and them. I am
not sufficiently conversant with the facts to inform jj
the gentleman whether such a claim be equitable l|
or not. - h
Mr. FITCH. I now claim the floor under the ■'
understanding made with the gentleman. jj
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, with the gentle-
man's consent, that the committee rise.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify his motion so that it will be in
the power of the committee to take a recess till
seven o'clock. I think these speeches of an hour ji
each in length should be heard in the evening and
business would be facilitated. We will get through j!
e month sooner by adopting that plan. ;i
Mr. FITCH.. If all the members present were j;
convinced, they would not constitute a quorum of : \
the committee. j:
Mr. TAYLOR. We can have a general un- ii
derstanding no vote shall be taken. jj
Mr. HOUSTON. We had last week, at the '
evening session, a better audience than we had in
the morning.
Mr. TAYLOR. Gentlemen need not come
here if they do not want to.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot explain my other
amendment in five minutes, and will therefore
yield altogether my right to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not want
to speak to-night. I am -willing that the debate
shall be closed after the conclusion of my speech,
but I would ask the indulgence of the committee
to submit my remarks in the morning.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Arkansas that there are many gentle-
men who desire to speak. It is pleaiant to speak
durino- the evenings, as we have proven. I should
have great pleasure in listening to the gentleman
to-morrow, but some other one can occupy the
floor this evening. We have but a month to sit
hour after the committee shall again resume its
consideration.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to reconsid-
er the vote by which the resolution was adopted.
EULOGIES ON MR. CLAY.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the obituary
speeches and proceedings, upon the death of Henry Clay,
in the Senate and this House, be printed, under the direc-
tion of the Committee on Printing, for the House.
There was no objection.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was unanimously adopted.
Mr. FOWLER moved the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of A. E.
Lewis and other citizens of Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Alabama, praying an appropriation to lemove obstructions
at the mouth of the East Pascagoula river.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of William
Beschke, asking from Congress assislance to complete a
steamboat with a new mode of propulsion also, patron-
age lor a ship gun and oilier valuable inventions.
°By Mr. G1LMORE : The petition of citizens of Indiana
county, Pennsylvania, for a post route from Indiana, Penn-
sylvania, to Smicksburg m Indiana county, Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 15, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the credentials of the
Hon. David Meriwether, appointed a Senator
by the Governor of Kentucky m place of the Hon.
Henry Clay, deceased, which were read, as fol-
lows:
Commonwealth of Kentucky, scfe
Henry Clay, Esquire, who was duly chosen Senator for
this Commonwealth, ill pursuance of the Constitution of
the United State&of America, having resigned during the
last session of the Legislature of the Commonwealth, to
take effect on the first Monday of September next, and
viavine died before the period that his resignation takes
effect—I, Lazarus W. Powell, being Governor or Chief
Magistrate of the Commonwealth, Have, therefore, thought
uuu.   „• , ,, fit by virtue of the said Constitution, to appoint rUviD
here and it is utterly impossible to accomplish j' m'eriwetiieb, Esqune, to be and act as a Senator for the
the public business unless we debate during the I; Commonwealth until the tune the resignation of the
evenings.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then to-morrow morning
there would be no certainty I should be entitled to
the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. There would be an under-
standing that the gentleman should be entitled to
the floor in the morning.
The question was then taken on the motion
submitted by Mr. McMtillin, and it was agreed
t0'l"he committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman / j^e"a^ jj attention'to its reading, as different
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the ; tots p^ ^  t^ ^ nf an-
/  . I TT . ' . 1 J K r. fl f U A ta aT tllft Tfyill
, Henrv Clay takes effect.
Given under my hand and seal of the Common-
. [seat,.] wealth this 6th day of July, *y52pQWELL
! Bv the Governor: . .
, J. P. Metcalfe, Secretary of State.
j The oath prescribed by law having been admin-
! istered to Mr. Meriwether, he took his seat m
; the Senate. . . .
Mr BRIGHT. The letter of appointment just
! read, and which conferred upon you authority to
i administer the oath just taken by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, must have struck Sena-
Ze the Ui^n^al'had the state of the Union j; in phraseology from °f ap"
gencrally under consideration, and particularly term of service of the ap-
House bill No. 43, "making appropriation, tor the That ^ ^ of September next,
ndian departmentfortheyeav endmg30th of June, , poi resignation of the
had come to no conclusion thereon. that being the was * take effect.
_ , , . . • • ♦ oclr nr.tinn £
House bill No. 43, "making appropriations
]
1853," and had come to no
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. JACKSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 96,
" to provide for the removal of obstructions in the
river Savannah and for the improvement of the
same," for the purpose of reterence. It is a bill
in which my constituents are deeply interested.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DEBATE ON THE INDIAN BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas has stated his willingness to have the de-
bate closed on the Indian appropriation bill as
Mv object in rising is not to ask action at
this time upon the credentials of the pro tempore
appointee, but to say that I regard the limita-
tion contained in the credentials of the
hle Senator as standing for naught, and that
South he may not himself set up cla.ni to the
seat he occupies, after the time mentioned in the
naner iust read, yet he has certain constitutional
FfXtJhis constituency and every State m the
Union have certain constitutional rights rising
out of, and to be-'aifected by the wodeand manner
this auestion is determined, which will requiie
him to serve until such time as those delegated by
the Constitution of the United States shall act m
choosing his successor. I have made these sug-
gestions to prevent any misconception of the facts,
and to place my esteemed friend, the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, in a proper position be-
forl*the body if the question should ever come up
again. The honorable Senator himself, I am au-
thorized to say, has personally no feeling in the
matter other than that which arises from a desire
to serve his constituents faithfully, and fulfill the
obligations of the laws and Constitution under
which he acts.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest the propri-
ety of referring these credentials to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I entertain great doubts as to .
the power of the Governor to appoint a Senator,
and limit the period to a shorter time than that
prescribed by the Constitution of theUnited States.
The Constitution declares that if a vacancy occurs
during the recess of the Legislature, the Governor
may make a temporary appointment, and the
commission shall extend to the next meeting of
the Legislature; which shall then fill such vacan-
cy. I entertain great doubt as to the power of
the Governor, in his commission, to make a lim-
itation, not only unauthorized by the Constitu-
tion, but in direct violation of its express terms.
As to what the effect of such a limitation would
be upon this commission, I am not prepared to
state. I think it may as well go to the Judiciary
Committee for investigation.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no doubt that this ques-
tion is a very important one; but I should dislike -
to anticipate events, and act for something which
may never arrive. I am one of those who do not
think that the mere paper is anything but the evi-
dence of the title. The real title of the Senator who
has just taken his seat is according to the Constitu-
tion, and what may be conferred upon him by the
Commonwealth of Kentucky. I do not hold that
the Governor of the State, by any language he
can use, can limit the tenure of office under the
Constitution of the United States. But I will say
to my friend from Illinois that it is possible that
this issue may never arise; and if it does, and Mr.
Dixon should come here and claim the seat, the
honorable Senator may be perfectly quiet, because
it will be the duty of this body at that time to de-
cide upon the validity of his election.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have made no motion,but
simply threw out the suggestion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think, with the Senator from
South Carolina, that the contingency may never
arise, and therefore it would be premature now to
make a reference to the paper presented. If it does
arise, it will then be time enough to raise the issue.
That matter was considered before the paper was
presented.* I hope the Senator from Illinois will
not press his suggestion.
Mr. GWIN. I differ entirely from the Senator
from Indiana. I think this paper ought to be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. If it is not m
accordance with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion, it ought to be so declared. It is no appoint-
ment at all, if the Governor has put an improper
limitation upon it. Certainly the Senator who
has just taken a seat in this body cannot hold his
seat longer than the period specified m.the com-
mission; which is until the time when Mr. Dix-
on's commission is to take effect I do not in-
tend to prejudge'the question; but I am clearly of
the opinion that the wording of the executive ap-
pointment is wrong. It is the only paper of the
kind that has ever been presented in this body.
A vacancy was created by resignation to take
effect at a future day, followed by an election to fill
the vacancy from the date specified. In the mean
time the Senator who resigned, to take effect at a
future day, dies before that day arrives; and the
vacancy of that seat in this body is by death, a.nd
not resignation, and should be filled accordingly.
I think it cannot be "filled in the form of the com-
mission that has just been read. It should have
had no reference to Mr. Dixon's election. The
question ought to be examined by the Committee
on the Judiciary before we pass away from it.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, 1 think there
can be no doubt in relation to this question. I
think the suggestions made by the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina, commend themselves
to the favorable judgment of the Senate. The
Senator from California is certainly wrong when
he says, there is no commission comerred upon
the Senator from Kentucky, by the paper •which,
has been read. If there be an improper limit, m
