1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
919
achieved enough to secure the confidence and
esteem of his contemporaries, and who bears the
marks of honorable service upon him, is to be
denominated an " old fogy," because some young
man has chums which he desires to put forward.
I may, perhaps, be somewhat sensitive, because
I am a little of an "old fogy" myself.
The SPEAKER. The chair will suggest to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that the ques-
tion before the House is on reconsidering the vote
by which the bill was rejected, [Laughter.]
Mr. VENABLE 1 know it is, and I shall
return to the subject. I wish gentlemen to
get out of the difficulty into which they have got
themselves, and if our ships are displaced lor
want of discipline, I want the responsibility of
that disgrace to be on those who refuse authority
to the officers to enforce discipline.
Mr. AIILLSON. The gentleman from North
Carolina speaks of the predicament into which
the majority have got themselves. I wiiJ state to
him that I believe there is not one of the gentle-
men who constitute that majority who would not
prefer that there should be no bill at all, rather
than the bill which was presented to day. But
that majority—I speak advisedly, after a consul-
tation with a very large portion—are perfectly
willing to concur in the passage of a suitable and
proper bill. But does the gentleman from North
Carolina mean to be understood as occupying the
position of one who will give no discipline to the
Navy unless the hill which has been presented
to-day is accepted ?
Mr. TENABLE. AH I have to say is, that I
am in favor of a suitable and proper bill, such as
the one which was rejected this morning. I voted
for the amendment striking out the provision for
putting "thief" on a man's back, and that was
the only provision in the bill to which 1 objected.
I have long since passed by the day in which I
believed that moral suasion could govern any-
body. That is one of the features of this progress
of which we hear so much in this nineteenth cen-
tury. Sir, this is called the age of progress, and
it is; but let me remind gentlemen that there is a
progress downwards, as well as upwards—back-
wards, as well as forwards. Under this banner-
cry the punishment of crime, the restraint of vice,
and the sanctity of law, have all been made to re-
cede. Sympathy, instead of clustering around suf-
fering merit, is poured out in a perennial stream
in favor of those whose crimes have at last brought
them to deserved punishments. The short way
to paradise is from a two-legged edifice, erected at
the public expense, accompanied with a piece of
hempen cord, furnished to those steeped in the
guilt of murder, and all over defiled with guilt.
Good men, stru^glin? with adversity, weie once
described as subjects worthy of the admiration of
superior beings. That age has passed away, and
now the most profound interest is attracted by
those whose just condemnation for the grossest
crimes ought to have secured the approbation of
all good men. We are told of degrading punish-
ments. Sir, this is the foundation of the whole
mistake. The great fundamental error in progress
in this direction is, that the disgrace is annexed to
the punishment, and not to the crime. The crime
is the disgrace; the punishment is intended, not
for that end9 but to refoim and restrain the of-
fender, and as an example to others. Good men
and good sailors have nothing to fear from the
disgrace of punishment, because such do not com-
mit crimes. Why, then, is it that malefactors
are to be protected and shielded from punishment,
to the destruction of discipline and the hazard of
the lives, as well as the vessels, which are employed
in our service? Why do gentlemen forget the
honorable officers, arid equally honorable and obe-
dient sailors, and offer a bounty to the unworthy
and disobedient, by withholding the power of in-
flicting punishment or exercising restraint? It is
answered that too much is left to the discretion of
the officer in command. Sir, you must trust some-
body. The responsibility is on the officers, and
it is unjust to withhold from them the means of
enforcing obedience. The court-martial will cer-
tainly censure them for failure to do all this duty,
and you render that impossible by depriving them
of the power to compel refractory men to obedi-
ence. If gentlemen are ready to give up the
Npvy, let them haul down our flag honorably—let
them order the ships home and disband the crews,
but save our bright and glorious naval history
from a degrading termination. England, France,
and every naval power, will rejoice to see this arm
of our stiength paralyzed, our extended coast and
our wealthy cities invite assault and stimulate the
thirst for plunder. The guns of our ships, and
the bold hearts and stalwart arms of our tars have
been our bulwark; but without discipline it will be
so no longer. Good men, brave men, will not divide
risks or share perils with the insubordinate and
unworthy. No, sir, their proud, brave hearts will
shrink from mingling with such contamination.
The bronzed cheeks would be colored yet more
deeply with the sense of shame, if compelled to
see the disasters to this service which must result
from the want of discipline m the crews.
Sir, I know no conservatism but obedience to
constituted authorities; I recognize as durable no
progress but that which restrains vice, punishes
crime, and protects the virtuous and deserving.
I am not afraid to trust those who must control
the elements of social organization, with the pow-
er to make that control effective. 1 dread nothing
so much as insubordination to acknowledged law,
whether in civil life, the camp, or on the deck of
our ships of war. Somebody must rule, and the
civil magistrate and the military officer have, by
common consent, been selected foi that purpose,
and they must be sustained. Sickly sensibility
for offenders cannot be cherished without danger
of social disorganization. 1 have always admired
the promptitude with which the people of the
State that 1 in part represent render obedience to
the magistrate. His mandate is always sufficient
to restrain the highest as well as to protect the
humblest member of society. Gentlemen speak
of the disgraceful nature of the punishments in
this bill; seem shocked at the authority of an offi-
cer to imprison the rebellious sailor. Sir, I have
often seen the magistrate impnson disorderly citi-
zens, and all seemed to approve his decision; 1
have seen the insufferable nuisance which often
affiicts society in the persons of abandoned and
licentious loafers, abated by his order to place such
persons in the stocks. It was obeyed, and all the
people said Amen.
Mr. F1GKLIN. I would ask my friend from
North Carolina whether they hang people yet in
his State for stealing horses?
Mr. VENABLE. My friend from Illinois can
have no interest in that matter. There are so many
horses m Illinois that he will have no occasion to
come to North Carolina, and I have no time at
present, to reply to amateur questions. In North
Carolina we whip larceners, counterfeiters, and
thieves in general, and place those who deserve it
in the pillory or the jail. 1 never hear complaint
made of the disgrace of the punishment. It is the
crime, and not the punishment, which constitutes
the disgrace. I have no sympathy for the malefac-
tor, and I hope 1 never shall have, whilst I would
refuse to reward the old soldier or sailor, and to
vote him a place to retii e to in his old age. I never
will require the gallant officer to walk his quarter-
deck without beingable to command his men with
a certamty of being obeyed by them. I never will
compel him to kill his men for mutiny, or submit
to their will. 1 will never be willing to risk the
lives of seven or eight hundred men, or have a
fully armed vessel put in jeopardy because there
is no way to compel the sailors to obey their offi-
cers. Sir, if it is to be the temper of Congress to
pour contempt on those institutions which are in-
tended to restrain ti e unholy passions of men,
and to curb and hold back those who would sin
against the rights of individuals and the laws of
the country: if this temper is to be encouraged; if
the current of national feeling and sympathy is to
run in that direction; if our legislation is to as-
sume that character, our country wilt be cursed of
God and Hed from by men, and our Government
will dissolve in its own filth and corruption, and
it ought to be dissolved! We have no security tor
the institutions of society unless we make laws,
and give power to execute those laws, to restrain
wicked and violent men, and compel them to obey
the Government. You can have no Government
without the power to make laws and the power to
execute those laws at all hazards. Iam not an old
man. I have passed more than the middle of any
human life, and I feel a sense of gloom come over
me that I cannot avoid, when I see the dispo-
sition amongst men in high places to shield and
protect those who violate the laws and sin against
those restraints which the wise and just have im-
posed for the protection of person and property.
These are my views upon this subjcct.
I will place no obstruction in the way of a re-
consideration of this bill. A locos penitentiaz is
within the reach of the majority who rejected it;
but I can assure them that there are many who
aided them in that work, who cannot be easily
satisfied with any bill which gives the power to
exercise wholesome discipline in the Navy. Noth-
; ing but disaster from insubordination will awaken
j the people to the erroneous legislation upon this
subject. I am not responsible for any of it  I voted
; against the abolition of corporal punishments.
! This bill, approved of by the best officers in the
anc* Passed by the Senate, is worthy of a
] trial. The system of rewards, as well as pun-
ishments, is a good feature in its provisions. I
| am satisfied that it is our duty to provide for the
: evening of his life, when the gallant tar breaks
! down with service. His wages are taxed every
, month to sustain hospitals for his reception. So
I many perish by the perils of their avocation—so
j many sleep in an ocean grave—that our econom-
' ical notions will not be greatly shocked by the
; expense of providing for deserving, meritorious
: men. This system of discipline restrains the
' vicious, encourages the deserving, and I believe
' will do all hoped for by its friends. I was anxious
, for the passage of the bill, because two squadrons
: are expected to leave in a few days for remote sta-
; tions and a long time. I feel it due to the service
! and the country to establish regular discipline, and
1 not leave the whole Navy to legalized confusion.
i Agreeably to the promise made my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] I move that the House
; do now adjourn,
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
1 man withdraw that motion for a moment.''
| Mr. VENABLE. Ceitainly.
] Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to re-
i lieve the majority of the dilemma into which the
( gentleman from North Carolina seems to suppose
; they have involved themselves, by moving to lay
i the proposition.to reconsider on the table. I move
! that the motion to reconsider do lie on the table.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
i The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
; journed to twelve o'clock to-morrow.
1 NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. THOMAS M HOWE gave notice thathe would, on
I to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask Jeave to introduce
, a hill authorizing the Secretaiy of War to grant, under such
| reductions a-- in his judgment the public inteiGets may re-
i quire, the right of vvnv to tlte Pittsburg, Kittaiung. and
; Warren railroad ovvr the grounds held by the United States
' at the Alleghany arsenal, in the State of Pennsylvania.
! Mi. DOTY cave notice of Ins intention to a^k leave to
! introduce a hi3i with the following title: " A hill for the re-
1 lief of Major Ephiami Shaler, late of the United States
. Arm}."
Mr. MACE gave notice that he would, on to-morrow, or
, some subsequent day, a-^k leave to introduces bill to admit
j iailroad iron free of duties
! PETITIONS.
The following petition-*, memorials, &c., were presented
! under the rule, and telerred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BIs?SELL: The memorial of Cyius Edwards
' and otheis, citizen"? of Jlhnoi^, piaying Congress to inter-
' frio to prevent the destruction of the suspension bridge at
; Wheeling.
; By Mi. HOUSTON : The petition of sundry citizens of
J Lauderdale county. Alabama, against the extension of the
! Woodworth patent.
i By Mr. LANDRY : A resolution of the General Assem-
: hly of the Siate of Louisiana, asking for an appropriation
! fiom Oongiess to remove obsti notions placed in bayou La-
, fourche by order of the United States officersduung the la&t
' war with England.
i By Mi. EDGERTON: The memorial of John Stewart,
| Jr., & Co.,of New York, asking for the cancellation of
! certain transportation bonds.
i By Mr SUTHERLAND: The memorial of Thomas J.
; Bailon and others of ('olumbi.i couutv, and rMate of New
| York, a-king Congress to repeal the act lately passed in re-
| Idt'on to the suirend-r of fugitive slaves.
; J!y Mr HENN: The petition of An^on Richardson and
j 13-1 others, citizens ot low a, asking Congress to abolish the
1 office oi chaplain.
| Also, the petition of Wru. H. Smith and 122 others, citi-
! zens of Iowa, asking for the establishment of a mail route
; fiom Linden, Mi^oun, via Gaston, Fairview, Florence,
1 and Council Bluff*, to Kancsville, Towa.
! AKo, the petition or O. T. Gardner arid 45 others, citi-
zens of Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid m the consliuc-
! tion of a railroad Iiom Burlington to the Missoun river.
1 AKo, the petition ot QOO eiti7.cn* of Momoe county, Iowa,
asking for a grant of land to aid in the con.*triiction of a rail-
' road from Buihngton to the Missouri river.
i By Mr. DAVIS, of Ma«saebuseU*: Petitions of Samuel
! R. Morse and otbeis, of Worcester eounty. and of Joseph
; Adams and others, of Hamp*tme county, Massachusetts,
' against the extension of the Wood worth patent.
