1851.
THE £0NaKiM0ML GL01I1.
caucus, and can, therefore, know nothing of the
final action.
Mr. FOWLER. I remained there until all
action was concluded upon the resolutions. The
whole of the members of the caucus then went
out.
Mr. MEADE. I have, Mr. Clerk, but a few
words more to say. It appears, then,-that about
forty Whigs were in attendance upon that occa-
sion.' It is fair to presume that twenty of them
were from the South, and it is fair to presume that
every southern Whig voted for that resolution;
and take the one third who voted agailist the reso-
lution, and you have twenty-five; twenty south-
ern Whigs from twenty-five, will leave five north-
ern Whigs sustaining them. [Laughter.] Now,
Mr. Clerk, it is a very significant commentary
upon the action of the Whig party this morning,
in caucus, that one of the Whigs from the Norui
nominated for the office of Speaker another Whig
from the North, for whose Whiggery he vouches,
and which I have 110 doubt all his colleagues from
the North will vouch for. One Whig nominates
another for the Speakership, who is known to be
in favor of agitation and of repealing the only
feature, as I deem it, in that compromise, benef-
cial to my constituents, and the South generally.
Now, sir, I know the purpose for which this
motion is made, and that-purpose I wish to ex-
pose. It is made, sir, for political capital at the
South, in the approaching presidential election—
to obtain Southern votes. The people of the
South understand the Whigs of the North. My
constituents understand them as well as I do. We
know that there are some honorable exceptions in
that party from the general rule that controls
them. We know that a large body of that party,
under the auspices of a celebrated Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] are opposed to the
execution of the fugitive slave bill, and that they
have had conventions, time after time, in which
they have avowed their determination to have it
repealed. All the talents of Daniel Webster, and
those acting with him at the North, have been
unable to allay the storm which that fugitive slave
bill has created there. While we know well that
a majority of the Whig party at the North are un-
sound and untrue to the compromise, we also
know that a large body of the Democratic party
at the North are faithful to the compromise—
especially those who stand so prominently before
the community there as to be known to the people
of the South. I can allude to such men as Mar-
cy, Dickinson, Buchanan, Dallas, Douglas, and
others whom it is unnecessary for me now to enu-
merate.
I have named some of those who are the ac-
knowledged leaders of the Democratic party at
the North. We know that they aie the true
friends of this Union. I know,sir, though I was
opposed to the series of compromise measures,
that if justice is to be done the South, it must be
expected from, and it will come from, that quar-
ter, assisted by a few conservative Whigs, who
are battling gloriously (whose services we are
witling to acknowledge) 111 favor of the preserva-
tion of the Constitution, of the Union, and of the
rights of my constituents. If the Whig party of
the South do not intend to shut their eyes and
willfully to stalk in the dark regardless of the
stumbling-blocks in their way, 1 foresee their des-
tiny, and the end to which they must come. If
true and loyal to the interests of the South; if true
and loyal to the Union, I say their destiny is with
us—the Democracy of the North and the South.
They must cooperate with the Democratic party;
laying aside the minor principles which have hith-
erto divided them, the Whig party must unite
with the Democrats of the North and South in se-
curing those blessings which they were so eloquent
in describing to their constituents at home. We,
sir, are not to be gulled in this mode by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] If the
gentleman had not made the speech which he ltas,
I was perfectly willing to have acknowledged him
as a friend of the compromise and of this Union;
but when I know the effect of that speech will be
probably to induce some of the people of the
South to believe in his declarations—to infer from
the passage of that resolution by two thirds of one
third of his party, that they intend to abide by the
measures of compromise, I felt it my duty to rise
in my place and undeceive my people, and to let
them know it is but finesse, an artful contrivance
for the purpose of gulling them in the approaching
presidential contest. That was the object. Does
the gentleman intend to say to my constituents,
in the face of the numerous Whig conventions at
the North in which they expressly declared their
determination to repeal the only feature in that
compromise that is beneficial to us, that they will
execute it ? Does he hope to irtipose upon their
credulity to the extent of making tnem believe that
the Whig party of the North are Sound upon this
subject? So far from being dissatisfied with the
speech of the gentleman if I thought he had good
grounds to make that speech upon if he was sus-
tained by the facts, I should rejoice over his dec-
larations; then I should hope that both of the great
parties at the North were sound upon this ques-
tion. Let me but know the fact that a large ma-
jority of the people of the North, both Whig and
Democratic, are in favor of the execution of this
law, and are willing to let us rest in peace with-
out further agitation, and that this question was
regarded as finally settled by this compromise,
against which I voted, $nd would again if it was
to come up,—I say I should then cheerfully pro-
claim before the nation that I would abide all of
its features. I do not believe, neither do the Whig
party here nor any party believe, that the declara-
tions of the gentleman of New York, purporting
to give this assurance to the South, have any
grounds to rest upon. The fact is not so; we
know the fact is not so. As I have said before,
the commentary upon the declarations of the gen-
tleman from New York—that the Whig party is
in favor of the execution of the fugitive slave law-
is to be found in the nomination made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] bringing for-
ward as a candidate for this "high office one who '
is known to be opposed to most of its features,
and particularly that which secures to the South
their constitutional rights. We know, sir. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will al-
low me to explain, I desire to say to him and the
House, that the presentation by me of the name
of Mr. Stevens had no connection whatever with
the caucus referred to by the gentleman from New
York. I was not in the caucus; with it my pre-
sentation had no connection.
Mr. MEADE. 1 consider the gentleman as a
Whig, and his nominee as a Whig. He vouches
for him, and many would of course vote for llim
as beinsc a Whig. Now, the country shall not be
deceived by this ruse practised by the Whig cau-
cus. If I understand aright, that sublet was
brought before the Democratic caucus, evening be-
fore last, (at which I was not present, nor was I
in the city,) and was laid upon the table as being
the appropriate subject for the consideration of
the people in convention.
Several Membkhs. That is it! That is it!
Mr. MEADE. That it was a question for the
people afterwards to be assembled m Democratic
convention, who will take this subject in hand
and will proclaim to the world the opinions upon
which Northern and Southern Democrats stand.
While I know, sir, that there are Free-Soil agita-
tors who call themselves Democrats, I for one,
sir, as a member of the Democratic party, who
will be willing to carry out in good faith this com-
promise which has been passed, but which I be-
lieve has been detrimental to us, repudiate every
soul of them who are m favor of the agitation of
the fugitive slave bill. They are not part and
parcel of what I conceive to be the legitimate
Democratic party of this Union. They are repu-
diated by the leading men of the North, whom
we all know at the South, and in whom we can
trust.. These resolutions it was the policy of the
Whig party to take up for the purpose of im-
posing upon the Soutli the idea that their ovvn
party had been true upon this question. These
resolutions, I again repeat, in the Democratic
caucus, consisting of a bare majority, were laid
upon the table as improper to be acted upon m a
private meeting for another purpose. Sir, we
wanted no declaration of opinion or principle by
which we should be actuated here in this Con-
gress. The Democratic party in this Congress
are known to be united on the fugitive slave bill.
I cast out of view the few dozen Free-Soilers and
agitators who pass for Democrats at home, and
who come here as members of the Democratic
party. I do not call them members of the Demo-
cratic party. I, for one, do not view them as
such. When they become willing to abide this
settlement and to regard the compromisemeasures
as the flnefl' settlement of the slavery question,they
may come in the Democratic party, and unite
with that party in carrying out tiie other princi-
ples that characterize it. These! resolutions were
taken up, as I have stated before, with a view- to
contrast the action- of tfce Whig. caueus, contain!'
ing about one fourth off tfce Whigs of the North j
and for the very purpose of creating a false belief
at the South that we had rejected and they had
passed them. On any proper occasion I wilt vent
ture to affirm there is not-a dozen Democrats here
who will vote against resolutions in favor 6f.exe«
cuting the fugitive slave bill. They were takeli
up by the Whig party this morning with a view
of imposing their rotten party and its principles
upon "the South—of deceiving them. The trick
will not succeed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Clerk, I haveheard
it said that the soldier who in the hour of battle
deserts, is sure to be -the loudest after the victory
in proclaiming his joy; that lie is most anxious to
be the vigilant sentinel, after the danger is past, in
guarding the camp, and he is always the first wiien
on guard to descry danger to the camp, and raise
false alarms. This is not only true*'in relation to
the soldier, but it is true in relation to the poli-
tician.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.BaooKB]
comes forward to-day as the leader, as the espe-
cial champion of the measures passed by the last
Congress, and known as the compromise meas-
ures.
The compromise measures embrace six distinct
propositions. For five of them there was butlittle
opposition from the North, and against two of the
five—the admission of California and the abolition
of the slave trade in this District—no gentleman
representing a free State cast his vote. The only
one of the series of measures thus passed that was
distasteful and violently assailed at the North, was
the fugitive slave bill. When the time came for
Northern men to assume responsibility, tlie gentle-
man now so fierce, so bold, so valiant, found it
convenient not to record his vote; he fled the flag
under which he now thinks all true patriots, all
who love the country and the Union, should do bat-
tle—he being lender.
Mr. BROOKS, (Mr. R. yielding the floor.) I
voted upon that question the same way General
Cass, and Mr. Douglas from his own State, voted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York is certainly apprised of the fact that
Judge Douglas was confined to his bed by sick-
ness at the time the bill passed. Does he pretend
that he was unable to attend the House at the time
the fugitive slave bill was under discussion, or
when it was being voted upon? This hope, if
such hope be entertained—this excuse, if it is plead-
ed, is cutoff,—the gentleman was in the House on
the same day, and voted just before the vote was
taken upon that bill; he was in the House and
voted upon the next proposition that succeeded
that bill. Does the gentleman say that he could
not have voted upon that bill if he had desired so
to do? Does he deny that he was here? If de-
nied, I am prepared to show, by the Journal, all
that I have stated.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman should be con-
sistent in his charges, and not say I was both in
my seat and fled the House. I .admit the fact of
not voting on the final passage. The gentleman
will find me upon every vote facilitating action
upon the bill. I have*only to say, in addition to
that, that there are reasons which I have given
elsewhere for not voting on the final passage, and
among others that the bill was never printed for
this House, but driven through under the previous
question, without giving us time to read what the
bill was. Mr. B. said he regretted that he did not
vote for the bill on its final passage; and he
regretted it as the most unfortunate act of his po-
litical life, because, in addition to defending the
bill in its details, whether he approved of all these
details or not, he had been obliged to enter into
long and detailed personal explanations of his
reasons why he did not vote forthe bill on its final
passage. When an act of Congress was to be
defended as he had defended this act, and a public
man was to be attacked upon it as he had been at-
tacked, whether he approved it or not, the wisest
way, experience had shown him, was to take the
bull by the horns and walk off with him at once.
Mr. B. was sorry to hear that Judge Douglas
