920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
By Mr. J. W. HOWS: The petition of R. J. Harper and
55 others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against a'renewal of Woodworth's patent pluitin
machine.
Also, the petition of John JVIcFann and 54 others, citizens
of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Samuel F. Dale and 50 others, citi-
zens of Venango county, Pennsylvania, on the same sub-
ject.
Also,-the petition of J. J. Livingston, late marshal for
taking the census in Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to make him an extra allowance or compensation
Also,-the petition of Alexander McKee and 103 others,
citizens of the counties of Mercer and Crawford, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to discontinue the transpoitation
of the mail on the Sabbath.
Also, the petition of H. McBride and 49 others, citizens
of Pennsylvania and Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: A petition signed
by a large number of the fanner* and laboiers of Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to revise the taiiff of 18-16, and
impose additional duties on iron, coal, and other articles.
Also, four petitions, very numerously signed by citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that slavery may be abolished and
prohibited in all the Territories of the United States.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A memorial from John G.
Baker and others, of Washington county, in relation to
certain mail routes.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Mary F. B.
Levely, of'Philadelphia} widow of Captain Henry Levely,
praying for a pension.
Also, the memorial of John Premiss, asking an appro-
priation, to test the improvement for giving shells and shot
the rifle motion fiom the common smooth bored cannon of
the United States Navy.
Mr. BROOKE presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, in- j
structing the Senators and requesting the Repre- ;
sentatives of that State to use their exertions to :
obtain an appropriation of a sum of money for •
the purpose of removing the mud or sand bar in
After a brief explanation, on the motion of Mr.
Shields, the bill was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the following memorials and report,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 30, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morga.v.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to ask that the Journal
of the Senate may be amended, by having my
vote recorded on laying upon the table the motion
to receive the second petition presented yesterday
by the Senator from New York, fMr. Sewaud.]
I was in my place, and answered to my name;
but my vote is not recorded. I voted in the neg-
ative.
The Journal was amended accordingly.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Clias.
U Little and eighty-two others, citizens of Boston;
also, two petitions of B. P. H&llet and one hun-
dred and thirty-eight other citizens of Boston and
its Vicinity, praying a reduction of the rates of
ocean postage; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads?.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of James
Reed '
the Gulf of Mexico, opposite the mouth of the !| asked to be discharged from their further consid-
East Paseagoula river; which were referred to the j eration; which was agreed to:
Committee oil Commerce. >| The memorial of Brevet Colonel Mansfield,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial ii praying the action of Congress for the settlement
of citizens of Illinois, praying a donation ofiand I; of his accounts;
to the State of Iowa, to aid in the construction ofThe petition of certain non-commissioned offi-
a railroad from Burlington to the Missouri river; '' cers of the regiment of mounted riflemen, askin°-
which was referred to the Committee on Public ;| to be discharged from the terms of their enlis?-
Lands. ij ment, on the ground of violated pledges;
Also, a memorial of inhabitants of Clayton, The petition of C. B. Grower, late a lieutenant
Iowa, praying that the transportation of the mails ,j in the Army, praying to be reinstated in the Army;
on Sunday maybe prohibited by law; which was ji and
, referred to the Committee on the Post Office and , The report of the Secretary of War in relation
I Post Roads, j| to the construction of a military road from Fort
Also, a memorial of citizens of Lee county, Dodge to Dubuque;
! Iowa, praying the appointment of commissioners He also, from the same committee, to which
| to examine and settle all claims to land in the Sax !• was referred the memorial of the merchants of
■ and Fox half-breed reservations; which was re- ji Ban Antonio, Texas, praying that it miijht be
terred to the Committee on the Judiciary. made a port of entry, asked to be discharged
Mr. ^DOUGLAS presented a memorial of citi- ; from the further consideration thereof, and that it
zens of Macoupin, Illinois, praying that the bridges i; be referred to the Committee on Commerce; which
of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company !| was agreed to.
,, frorsitheCommittee0nJSTaVa]Affairs,
! to which was referred the memorial of the petty
jj officers and seamen asking remuneration for their
; clothing lost by the destruction of the steam-frigate
|; Missouri, submitted a report, accompanied by a
;| bill for their relief; which was read and passed to
j the second reading.
! The report was ordered to be printed.
l| Mr. DAWSON. Some days since, I reported
|j a bill from the Committee on Patents, to grant a
further extension of the patent for a reaping ma-
may be established as mail routes; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of the officers of the Buel Insti-
tute, Illinois, praying the establishment of an Ag-
! ricultural Bureau at Washington; which was re-
| ferred to the Committee on Agriculture,
i Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Han-
| nah Dutton, one of the heirs of William Douglass, (
I a revolutionary officer, praying to be allowed 1
j bounty land; which was referred to the Commit-
i tee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That tile petition of Jamos G. Bell, on the flies
oflhe Henate, be referral to the Committee on t'ublic Lands.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Hie petition i)fl'aiii"liaPii-swn:k, lor her-
self and the other heirs of William Wigton, on thp file< of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee ou Military Affiurs.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
chine invented by Cyrus tl. McCormick'. f r
present the report, intended to accompany that
bill, stating all the facts connected with the case,
j The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Aflkirs, to which was referred the petition of
Seneca G. Simmons, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief.
The said bill was read a first and second time
_ Ordered, That the petition of II. L. Kendrick, on the by its title, and considered as in Committee of the
flies ot the senate, be referred to toe Committee ol Olaims. j; Whole. No amendment being made, it was or-
/l n vn fv (i /*. ia Ut* TV r O T_T .'i i . J .... 1 ^ i . ■ P . • .
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Johnson Livingston and
Jus associates, praying tho establishment of a mailline bo-
. praying the appointment of a tribunal to !i tw n ^w^K^Geii^ on Senate be
review the decisions ot the late Board of Commis- ji referred to the Committee on the I'ost Office and Po=t Roads,
sioners for the settlement of claims of American
citizens against .Mexico; which was referred to
the select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the heiis of Nathaniel Hobhs have l<-ave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
zens of Buffalo, New York,' praying i n't 'T'h' mT Mr' .CLEMENS- U was
of Woodwork's natm.t <v>V „ . :! 51, ' ,rilat the petition of Seneca G. Simmons, on the
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
I NOTICES OF BILLS,
j Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention to
j ask leave to introduce a bill, supplemental to the
act, entitled "An act extending the jurisdiction of
! the district courts of the United States to the
! lakes and the navigable waters connected there-
j with."
of Wood wnrth(v,V """"V"""' :! Ouicred, That the petition of Seneca G. Simmons ontlip |! He also gave notice of his intention to introduce
which was refermP to th* Cn ®mnS m£cninel '! ri,«s Senate, relating to compensation for services as |! aTblil> t0 change the name of a midshipman in the
, . lefencd to the Committee on Patents :J secretary totbeCreeUatulOsageCommissioners,berefrrred ! Navy of the United States
>'to the Committee on fnrfi.in Affair* 1
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HUSK, f have been requested to present the
petition of about sixty individuals, who represent
t f\Wl MaI L- -.1 .. .. . 1 , t *  - .
, , </ "•—;  .'v .vjyu.owiv | ,,U, iiiiiii,ii ii .iii'itiiii in me wiunvvand
themselves to he stone-masons and laborers. Thev ii al,.v^ of LoienzoM. dark, on the nits of the Senate be i, -  
oo,r *u~ — j. * . . ^  *'• - a btli granting to the State of Wisconsin a dona-
say that they were induced to come here with
their families, at considerable expense, by the |i
Grovernment. They are now out of employment, ji
and destitute of* the means of support, in conse- [I
quence of the failure of Congress to make appro- !'
priations for the continuance of the extension of ! •
the Capitol. J move its reference to the Commit- '
tee on X^ublic Buildings.
It was so referred.
Mr. BRADBURY. I present certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Maine in jl
relation to the abuses inflicted on passengers' ui '1
the California line of steamers. I deem it neces-
sary only to say that I have anticipated the action !j
ot the Legislature by the introduction of a reso- i !
lution sometime ago calling attention to the sub- I'
ject, and a bill has already been reported from the '
Committee on Commerce designed to remedy the
evils complained of. I more that the resolutions :
be received, read, and printed. j
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. BADGER presented the
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr.BORLAND, from the Committee on Mi!i- j; Michigan, to the Mississippi^riv-er? which "was
to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
i| On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN' it was '' lvr rnr\r?JLLf IJ*rR01DUCED-
Ordered That the men,,rn,] „f,he wHlnwand represent- \, ^G^°I W,lS?°n?m I «Sree!lbly W pre-
ivco < i LotenzoM. Clark, on the tiles of tl" ^  *
reterred to tlie Committee on Indian Aflairs. - v    
tion of public lands, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from the town of Sheboygan, on .Lake
, , Aa. j * - iTxui- Michigan,lo the Mississippi river; which v
charged from the further consideration thereof, i
and that it oe referred to the Committee on Naval !
Affairs; which was agreed to. !
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on the Post
Ofhce and Post Roads, to which was referred the '
petition of Samuel W. Chilson, praying indem-
mScatton for damages sustained m consequence
of being discharged from duty as a mail agent,
reported a bill for his relief; which was readfand
passed to the second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
| tarv tn iiroci Y" xr-iia'" i 01 ,ano> owned by tbu Government, nuliat city, winch was
! Jr '0 ' Si 1 • referred the letter of}! purchased for the use of the Gove—   
cue teecretarv of vVav i>  relation to th^ purchase 'ij,u a
y depot in California,
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the counties of Des Moines and Dubuque, in the
State of Iowa; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MEMPHIS FEMALE ORPHAN ASYLUM.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, 1 hat the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
r eiriaie Orphan Asylum, of the city of Memphis, a niece
n. - - mt, in that city, winch was
ernrnem as an arsenal, but
natius Lucas, Samuel James, Charles Tdle^imd ! 2"'^ a b'!i con j''ra„tlie purchase of a tract j
Thomas S. Binglev, watchmen of the Navy De- '■ wVitd " m',itary dfiPot at Bemcia, California; '
ps sra«ass l I
I) passed to the second reading. !
ii,„ .j_ j* tir « , . ' ivnci ux j 1 r , . ( 1tiic vruvcniizieTH <is an arsenal, oui
cue toeuetary Oi War m relation to the purchase ' been abandoned and in not used by the Govern-
or ground for a military depot in California I' mem for that 0r any other purpose.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLEKIC.
Mr. SOULh. submitted the following'resolution:
which was read three several times and passed:
Resolved, That the select committee on memorials in re
lation to the proceedings ot the Board of Commissioners on
Claims against Mexico appoint a clerk, at the same rate of
compensation as is allowed to cierks of other committees
of the Seriate.
