1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proving of the compromise had been introduced
into the Democratic caucus, and, much to my sur-
prise, had been defeated. The Whig party held
a meeting to-day, and I confess, somewhat to my
surprise, put themselves upon my platform. They
stand where I stand; they stand where the great
Union party of the South stand; they stand upon
the Constitution as it is; they indorse the compro-
mise as a total and final*settlement. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Meade] arrived at the
conclusion that this action of the Whig caucus
was consummated by Southern Whigs, with a few
Northern Whigs. I would say to the gentleman,
that the distrust among the Southern Whigs was
very great in referenoe to the action of the North-
ern Whigs. My impression is, that the majority
of them did not attend the caucus. There were,
I think, but twelve or fourteen of the Southern
Whigs in that caucus, all of whom declared their
determination to withdraw from the caucus, and
no longer to act with the Whig party, if it failed
to put itself on this national platform. A ran-
Oof those present were Northern Whigs.
Northern Whigs have now placed themselves
where I stood last Congress—where the gentlemen
from Georgia and myself took our position at an
early stage of the organization of the last House
of Representatives. We refused to act in concert
with men who were pursuing a course that must
inevitably lead to the subversion of the institutions
of our country v We determined no longer to affil-
iate with a party that was pursuing such a course.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman
from Florida if lie intends to be deluded by the
voices of the twelve or fourteen Northern Whigs
who took part in that caucus ? For, by his own
account, there were fourteen Southern Whigs pres-
ent, which would leave about twenty-seven North-
ern Whigs, and as one third of those present re-
fused to vote for the resolution, it leaves but
twelve or thirteen Northern Whigs who voted
for it.
Mr. CABELL. I will state to the gentleman
from Virginia that I was present at that caucus,
having determined to act with the Whigs, if they
would do what the Democrats failed to do—fully
indorse the compromise—and that I have no hesi-
tation in saying that there were not five gentlemen
who left the meeting on the passage of the resolu-
tion. L think there were but three.
There were, I am pretty sure, between fifty and
sixty members present; quite as large a propor-
tionate number as attended the Democratic caucus.
I am equally sure there were not more than seven
or eight who voted against the resolution. Had
the Southern Whigs generally attended the cau-
cus there would have been a much better exhibit.
The action of this caucus must be regarded as the
action of the Whig party in Congress.
It is certainly a fact, and this must go forth to
the country, that a meeting of the Whig members
of Congress was called by advertisement, in the
papers of this city; that all were invited to attend,
and had an opportunity of voting for or against
the resolution; and it is "to be presumed that if they
had had this violent hostility to Southern institu-
tions that is imputed to them, they would have
gone into the caucus and done what the Demo-
cratic caucus have done—voted down the resolu-
tion. At present I am bound to presume that the
action of the caucus held this morning is the action
of the Whig party, and they have placed them-
selves upon the platform where 1 stand.
Mr. MEADE. I would ask the gentleman
to state to the House whether he believes that that
resolution, even if voted for by the Northern
Whigs present, does in fact reflect the opinion of
the Whig party of the North?
Mr. CABELL. I will say this, that it reflects
the sentiments of the Whig Representatives of the ;
North in this House. I cannot say what are the
sentiments of the individual constituents, but it |
reflects the present sentiments ef a majority of the
Whig Representatives elected to this House, how-
ever unsound the opinions of that portion of the
Whig party may have been in former times.
Since I have "been in this city and have con-
versed with members, I have learned—and if I am
mistaken I ask gentlemen to correct me—that the
Democratic party of the great State of New York
have returned to this House but one member (the
gentleman from the city of ,New York, Mr,
Hart) upon the endorsement of the compromise
measures 
Mr. HART. I think the gentleman is in error.
Mr. DEAN. As one of the members elected to
this House from the State of New York, I would
say that the Democratic convention of New York
of last year, and the Democratic convention of
this year, and the Democratic convention of the
Congressional district which I have the honor to
represent, indorsed in full the compromise meas-
ures as a final settlement of the slavery ques-
tion.
Mr. CABELL. I did not mean to do the gen-
tleman any injustice, I assure him. What I have
said is on the authority of his colleagues. But I
may speak of the great Democratic party of his
State, whose resolves arebefore thecountry. They
do not indorse the compromise. I know not what
the party of his district may have done; but I
have it on good authority that in no district but
one was the compromise measures fully indorsed
by the nominating convention. The gentleman
tells us that the great Democratic party of New
York have indorsed the compromise measures.
This will astonish tlie Van Burens and other
Barnburners, who compose a majority of that
party. Why, who are the members here repre-
senting the Democratic party of that State? Who
is the honorable gentleman who sits before me,
[Mr. Preston King,]—the great head and front
of Free-Soilism and Van Burenism in his own
party ? Who are the great majority of his asso-
ciates? Were not more than half the men on
their State ticket Barnburners ? The Hunker
Democrats have surrendered,and are in open coa-
lition with the Free-Soilers in the State of New
York; and yet the gentleman tells the House that
the great Democratic party of the State of New
York have indorsed the compromise measures!
Go, again, to the State of Ohio—how is it there'
How is it in Massachusetts? But it would be in-
appropriate for me to detain the House at this
time by any further reference to this matter.
But the gentleman charges that we, the Whigs
of the South, have heretofore acted in concert and
coalition with the Abolitionists of the North. He
condemns and denounces us for it. But I ask the
gentleman, with whom does he find the members
of his own party acting in caucus for the purpose
of securing certain advantages in the organiza-
tion of the House? Why, we find them acting in
concert with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rantoul,] with the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Preston King,] whose j
positions upon this subject are well known. The i
resolution approving of the compromise was laid !
on the table, because it was not the time to adopt j
it; it was not politic to adopt it at this time. It :
might interfere with their organization, and defeat i
a Democratic Speaker or Clerk. Thus, the South-
ern Democrats are doing the very thing that we
have been denounced for doing; the very thing
that I refused to do in the last Congress. I broke
myself loose from my party. And now, the gen-
tlemen opposite are all voting for the gentleman
who has been nominated by the Democratic cau-
cus, although no platform has been laid down.
They who have been denouncing the Whig party
for years past for not laying down their principles
openly, now come in here and hope to elect their
candidates by the aid of Free-Soilersand Secession-
ists. We see Union Democrats and Disunion
Democrats, Old Hunkers and Barnburners, Free-
Soil Democrats and Southern Rights Democrats,
everybody of all sorts from the North and from
the South', who will come into the Democratic cau-
cus, all acting harmoniously together for the sake
of dividing the spoils, but all studiously absolved
from expressing their opinions on.these important
questions.
Mr. MEADE, (interposing.) The call of the
caucus was an invitation to all who call themselves
Democrats, to attend, just as the call of the Whig
caucus was an invitation to all who call themselves
Whigs to attend. We could not exclude any-
i body. We came here for the purpose of making
j nominations. But will the gentleman pretend to
I say that there are none of his own party who hold
i these opinions ? Did he attempt to exclude them i
j Did he attempt to make a nomination inaepend-
j ently of those Free-Soilers ?
! Mr. CABELL. I am so frequently interrupted,
j that I must of necessity speak disconnectedly. I
have but a few words more to say.
I It is true that in the Whig caucus, as in the
Democratic.caucus, there were men of this de-
scription, but we did not choose, to compromise
ourselves for the purpose of securing their votes.
We took our position in spite of them, and 1
thank God for it. Those men left the- caucus,
and are no longer Whigs. Let- them go and fol-
low the example of Senator Chase and other gen-
tlemen from Ohio—act with the great Democratic
party. They are no longer Whigs."- •
For myself, I have only to say, that,whatever
may be the position of the Whig party", I, for diie,
stand upon the Constitution of mycountry, and
shall act with.the great Union and Constitutional
party, be it Whig or Democratic. I shall vote
against any man nominated by a coalition com.
The Whig party could not expect to elect a Whig,
and have therefore made no nomination; but hav-
ing placed ourselves on this constitutionalplatform,
we are willing, and I intend to vote for somegood
Union compromise Democrat.
Mr. GIDDINGS said; As yet we are not or-
ganized. We are acting under no rules, • Each
member is permitted to speak when he pleases and
as long as his judgment dictates. I, however,
(said he,) embrace this opportunity of congratu-
lating the honorable Secretary of State„ana*the
President upon the beailtiful workings "of their
peace measures—this quieting of all agitation. I
will also suggest to gentlemen who appear so eager
for the conflict, that we, the free Democracy, in-
tend to afford each of them a legitimate opportu-
nity to express their views on those questions
which have now been so inappropriately precipi-
tated upon us. And now I appeal to gentlemen to
permit the vote to be taken upon the election of
Speaker. I think we owe it to ourselves, to our
constituents, and to the country, to proceed to the
regular organization of the Souse. After that,
the questions now referred to will come up in
legitimate order, at the proper time for discus-
sion.
The House now proceeded to the election of
Speaker.
The Clerk announced the following members
as tellers to count the vote, viz: Mr. Jones of
Tennessee, Mr. Richardson of Illinois, Mr.
Brooks of New York, and Mr. Bowie of Mary-
land.
The roll having been called in alphabetical order,
the tellers reported, that the whole number of votes
given was 213; necessary to a choice 107; of
which'—
Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, received   118
Mr. Stanly, of North Carolina  31
Mr. Chandler, of PennsyHania   20
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania  16
Mr. Bayly, of Virginia   8
Mr. Taylor, of Ohio  6
Mr. Evans, of Maryland   4
Mr. Bocock, of Viigima  4
Mr. Gentry, of Tennessee    3
Mr. Hillyer, ofGeorgia      2
Mr. J. W. Howe, of Pennsylvania     1
Mr. Gorman, of Indiana    1
Mr. Bowie, of Maryland  1
Mr. Outlaw, of North Carolina  1
Mr. Cabell, of Florida  1
Mr. Ashe, of North Carolina   1
Mr. Allison, of Pennsylvania  1
Mr. Meacham, of Vermont   1
Mr. P. King, of New York  1
Mr. G. W. Jones, of Tennessee   1
Mr. Moore, of Louisiana      1
213
The following is the vote in detail, viz:
For Hon. Linn Boyd—Messrs. Andrews, Appleton of
Maine, Ashe, Averett, Babcoek, Bartlett, Bailey of Geor-
gia, Bocock, Bragg, Breckenridge, Buell, Bu*hy, Camp-
bell of Illinois, Cartter,Caskie, Churcliwell, Clark,Cleve-
land, Cobb, Curtis, Daniel, Davis of Indiana, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Ed-
mundson, Edgerton, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Free-
man, Fuller of Maine, Gamble, Gaylord, Gorman, Green,
Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Hams of Tennessee,
Barns of Alabama, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, How of New York, Inaersoll, Ives, Jackson,
Jenkins, Johnson of Tennessee, Johnson of Ollio, John-
son of Arkansas. Jones of New York, Jones of Tennessee,
Jones of Pennsylvania, King of New York, Kurtz, Letch-
er, Loekhart, Mace. Marshall of California, Mason, Me-
Corkle, McDonald, McLanahan, McMullen, McNair,
Meade, Million, Molony, Morrison, Murray, Nabers, Olds,
Parker of Pennsylvania, I*easlee, Penn, Phelps, Polk,
Powell, Price, Jtantou!, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins,
Robie, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Savage, Scurry, Seymour
of New York, Sevinour of Connecticut, Skelton, .Smart,
Smith, Snow, Stanton of Tennessee, Stanton of Kentucky,
Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Thompson of Vir-
ginia, Thurston,Venable, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Williams.
For Hon- E. Stanly—Messrs. W. Appleton, Bennett,
Bowne, Briprgs, Geo. H. Brown, Chapman, Conger, Geo.
T. Davis, Doekery, Duncan, Goodrich, Harper, 6. G.
