10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1,
King, Miller, Penniman, Porter, Schermerhorn, Schoon-
raiker, Scudder, B. Stanton, and Taylor. |
For Hon. Mr. Chandler—Messrs. Barrere, Bell, Bibig-
haus, Brenton, Burrows, H. M. Fuller, Goodenow, Haven,
Hebard, Horsford, Hunter, ICuhns, Martin, Meacham,
Minor, Moore, Parker, B. Thompson, Washburn, Welch,
and Yates.
For Hon. Thaddeus Stevens—Messrs. C. Allen, L. D.
Campbell, Durkee, Fowler, Giddings, Hascall, J. W.
Howe, Mann, Newton, Perkins, Sackett, Schoolcraft,
Tuck, Waldbridee, and Wells.
For Hon. T. if. Bayly—Me.ssrs. E. C. Cabell, Chastain,
Cottman, Faulkner, Hillyer, Jas. Johnson, Murphy, and
J. F. Strother.
For Hon. J. L. Taylor—Messrs. Ewing, Gray, H. Mar-
shall, Stanly, Ward, and Addison White.
For Hon. Ji. Evans—Messrs. Brooks, Chandler, More-
head, and Bowie.
For Hon. Mr. Bomck—Messrs. Burt, Colcock, Wood-
ward, and Aiken.
For Hon. Mr. Gentry—Messrs. A. Evans, Watkins,
and Walsh.
Ftjr Hon. Mr. Hillyer—Messrs. A. H. Stephens, and
Toombs.
For Hon. Mr. Bowie—J. P. Caldwell.
For Hon. Mr. Outlaw—Mr. Clingman.
For Hon. Mr. Cabell—Mr. Outlaw.
For Hon. Mr. Jlshe—Mr. Orr.
For Hon. Mr. JMinon—Mr. Thomas M. Flow.
For Hon. Mr. Meacham—Mr. Thad. Stevens.
For Hon. P. King—Mr. Townshend.
For Hon. G. Jones—Mr. Alex. White,
For Hon. Mr. Gorman—Mr. Thomas XJ. Bayly.
For Hon. Thos. M. Howe—Mr. Allison.
The Hon. Linn Boyd, having received a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given, was
declared to be duly elected Speaker.
The Clerk requested Mr. Stanly of North
Carolina, and Mr. Disney of Ohio, to conduct
the Speaker elect to the chair; which duty they
performed; thereupon,
The SPEAKER said: Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, for the kindness and confi-
dence shown in selecting me aa the Presiding
Officer of this body, I beg you to accept my grate-
ful acknowledgments. Properly appreciating the
high trust—the responsibility imposed, as well as
the high honor conferred by it—I accept the
station with a most earnest desire, and a fixed
determination to administer its functions, so far
as I may be able, in such a manner that our de-
liberations may be pleasant to ourselves and agree-
able and profitable to our common country. [Great
applause.]
The Clf.rk stated that it was customary for
the oldest member consecutively of the House to
administer the oath of ofiice to the Speaker; and
that as Mr. Giddings was the oldest member, he
would perform that duty.
Mr. GIDDINGS came forward accordingly,and
administered to the Speaker the usual oath to sup-
port the Constitution.
MEMBERS QUALIFIED.
The Clerk, according to usage, called the
roll, when the members came forward by delega-
tions to the Speaker's chair, and were qualified by
the Speaker administering to them the usual oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. BAYLY. In accordance with our usual
custom, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a message be sent to tile Senate, to inform
that body that a quorum of the House of Representatives
has assembled, and Linn RoYD,one of the Representatives
from the State of Kentucky, lias been chosen Speaker;
and that the House is now ready to proceed to business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it not customary to
authorize the Clerk to carry that message?
Mr. BAYLY. My resolution provides that the
message shall be carried by the Clerk. The law
provides that the present Clerk shall continue in
office until the appointment of a new Clerk.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on tile part of
this House, 10 join such committee as may be appointed
on the part of the Senate, to wait on tile President of the
United States, and inform him that a quorum of the House
of Representatives is assembled, and that Congress is
ready to "receive any communication he may be pleased
to make.
Mr. OLDS. Is it not necessary to wait until
we are informed of the organization of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the usual
custom is for the Senate first to inform the Presi-
dent.
The resolution was then adopted; and Mr.
Bayly, of Virginia, Mr. Haven, of New York,
and Mr. Jones of Tennessee,*were appointed the
committee.
THE RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules of the last
House be adopted as the rules of this House, until
otherwise ordered.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will not insist upon that motion. As one
of the minority of this House, it is a matter of
very little importance to us what rules art adopted.
We expect to be governed by the will of the ma-
jority, and they must take the responsibility into
their own hands; but I appeal to the experience
of every member of this House—1 ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to say if that
majority can accomplish its own purposes by the
present rales of this House? I had various con-
sultations with the Speaker of the last House,
[Mr. Cobb,] and with other individuals, in regard
to this subject, who have had much experience
in this matter, and I do not hesitate to say, that
the rules of this House are made to prevent the
transaction of business. A minority can retard
the whole business of the House, if they choose.
1 hope, therefore, for the sake of the country; I
hope, for the sake of gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, who have business of their
own to transact, that they will not adopt the reso- !
lution of the gentleman from Virginia. If we
adopt the rules until further order, there they will
stand, and we shall never change them. I desire
to see the majority of this House control its busi-
ness according to their wishes; but I appeal to the
experience of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] whether, if these rules be adopted, the
majority will be able to accomplish their own
object?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] I move to add to
the 102d rule, as follows:
" And that if either of the standing committees shall
neglect for thirty days to report on any subject committed
to it, a minority of such committee may report thereon
whenever such committee shall be called "for reports."
Mr. G. I will detain the House but a few mo-
ments. I wish to say, that for the last eight years
a large portion of the people of these United States
have been denied the right of petition. The peti-
tions of the people are referred to the clerks of the
standing committees, and there theyrest in silence.
The voice of the people is smothered, and their
constitutional rights are practically denied. The
object of this amendment is to insure to the peo-
ple a respectful answer to their petitions. I need
not go into a history of the course which has been
pursued in relation to this subject. All of us rec-
ollect the efforts of the distinguished and venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, (Mr. Adams,) to
secure the right of petition to this body; and this
rule has been resorted to as an alternative for
smothering the voice of petition. It seems to me
that if we are, as the majority of this body pro-
fess to bp, Democrats, the voice of the Democracy
of this country, expressed through t.heir petitions, ]
should not only he heard, but should be replied to |
with respect; that their petitions should either be ]
granted or rejected. The object of this amendment
is to insure that result—to provide that the voice
of the people shall be heard in this body.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing that a quorum of that body had as-
sembled, and were ready to proceed to business.]
Mr. GIDDINGS, (resuming.) It is not my
intention to extend my remarks. I wish, how-
ever, to say to the new members here, that if we
pass over this opportunity for amending our rules,
we shall have no other opportunity of effecting
thatobject. It is the only chance. Fourteen years'
experience in this House has taught me that this
is the only moment when we can lay our hands
upon these rules to amend them. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has alluded to
the principle " that the majority shall rule." If
the majority are to rule so as to smother the voice
of the minority of this House—to prevent peti-
tions from being heard—I, for one, cannot acqui-
esce in that principle.
Now, for the purpose of testing this question,
upon which gentlemen seem so anxious to precip-
itate their remarks to-day, I offer this amendment,
and hope every man will record his vote for or
against it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have but one re-
mark to make, and it is this: Of all the difficulties
and perplexing questions upon which this House
will be called upon to act, they will find none more
difficult to settle than the rules which are to govern
its deliberations. I have had some little experi-
ence upon this subject, and I know that it is with
extreme difficulty, when we get into a discussion
of this sort, that we can ever close it. The amend-
ment which has just been offered by the gentleman
from Ohio is new and unheard-of.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman will permit
me to correct him. He will find by examining
the Journal of the House four years ago, that the
same amendment, couched in the same language,
was offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Adams,) and discussed.
Mr. JONES. I had reference to its adoption
as one of the rules for the Government of a legis-
lative body, that the minority of a committee shall
have power to report. If it prevail, the minority
of a committee—it may be a solitary member rep-
resenting the minority of a committee—will make
the report, and it'will be presented here as the
report of that committee.
Now, in order to bring the House to the ques-
tion on the original resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia, and to get clear of the amendment
i of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] I
move the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, desired to in-
quire of the Speaker what would be the effect of
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER said it would he, if sustained,
to bring the House to a direct vote upon the main
question.
Mr. STEPHENS asked if it was debatable?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES said that, according to his under-
standing of parliamentary law, the effect of the
previous question was to cut off all amendment
and all debate, and to bring the House to a direct
vote upon the original resolution.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ten-
nessee was correct.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GIDDINGS desired the Speaker to ex-
plain the effect of the previous question upon his
amendment.
The SPEAKER decided that, according to
parliamentary law, the question must be taken
upon the original resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. MEADE asked if it would be in order to
move that the rules of the House be referred to a
committee with instructions to amend ?
The SPEAKER decided that the motion could
not be made under the operation of the previous
question.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion-of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
and it was adopted.
Mr. JONES rose to a privileged question. He
moved that the vote just taken be reconsidered,
and that that motion be laid on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
THE ELECTION OF CLERK. *
Mr. HALL moved that the House do now pro-
ceed to the election of Clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Jones of
Tennessee, Mr. Richardson of Illinois, Mr.
Brooks of New York, and Mr. Bo^yie of Mary-
land, to act as tellers.
The SPEAKER said that nominations were in
order, and that no gentleman could be voted for
for Clerk unless he was put in nomination before
the voting commenced; thereupon,
Mr. SAVAGE nominated John W. Forney.
Mr. MEACHAM nominated James C.
alker
Mr. CHARLES ALLEN nominated E. J.
Stansbury.
Mr. ALLISON nominated George Darcy.
Mr. J. W. HOWE nominated Horace
Greeley, but subsequently withdrew the nomi-
nation.
The roll was then called, when the tellers re-
ported, that 208 votes had been given; necessary
to a choice 105; of which—
Mr. Forney received     129
Mr. Walker  72
Mr. Stansbury  3
Mr. Darcy  2
Mr. R. M. Young  2
