922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
quite enough. I agree with what was said by the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] yesterday,
-that it is not the business of this Government to
give high salaries. It'is ourduty to give adequate
.salaries and adequate compensation; but it is not
our duty, and, in my judgment, it is not expedi-
ent, to pay extravagant salaries.
I thirrk, further, that it is not good policy for
those who desire to maintain the sovereignty and
independence of the States, and to draw round
them th e regards and honor of the people, to put
the jud es of the courts of the United States, or
any other officers of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, at all above State officers. That is
another consideration which will govern my vote.
I will, therefore, move to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri by substituting $1,200
for $1,400. That will place this officer upon a
footing with the associate judges of the supreme
court of the State; and it seems to me that he
ought to be content with that.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on the amendment proposing the largest amount.
-Mr. HALE, t want to suggest to the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] that he could better meet
bis object, by putting his amendment differently.
The associate judges of our county courts are paid
by the day, and receive three dollars a day while
the courts are actually in session. It seems to me
that if the salary of this officer is to be razeed down
tO'an equality with State judges, it had better come
down to that.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw my amendment,
and accept that of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHASE. My friend from New Hamp-
shire has misinterpreted my language, and his re-
marks might have the effect of placing what I said
in rather a ludicrous aspect. 1 founded my re-
marks upon a statement made by him yesterday.
He said, in answer to a question propounded by
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] that
the associate judges of the supreme court of New
Hampshire received $1,200 a year. They have,
perhaps, some little perquisites in addition, which
we, of course, cannot take into consideration. I
do not wish to put the district judge upon a foot-
ing with the associate judges of the county courts.
I have said no such thing; but I say that action
of the Legislature of the State which prescribes
the compensation for an associate judge of the State
supreme court—an office which requires quite as
much talent in that officer, and imposes more la-
bor than the office of the district judge—furnishes
a proper rule for us in fixing the salary of the dis-
trict judge.
Mr. RHETT. I suppose that the votes which
we give on this bill will settle the principle as to
our course upon all the other bills of a like nature
which come up after it; and therefore our time can
now probably be best applied upon this bill. Sir,
I agree with the principle laid down by the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] yesterday,
reiterated by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Atchison] to-day, and also recommended by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] that the judges
of the United States courts should not be paid
higher than those of the State courts; but, in my
opinion, they ought not to be paid less. Reflect,
Mr. President. We make judges, not for the sake
of paying judges alone. Judges are made to ex-
pound the law—to expound the law for the people,
and to expound the law for the people of the State.
A good or a bad judge affects the administration
of justice in the area of his administration. That
is the case amongst the people I represent, and is
so amongst the people of all other Senators here
present. I do not want such a rate of compensa-
tion established as will bring a man inferior in
character, as well as inferior in legal acquirement,
to adjudicate over the citizens whom I represent
in a manner that is derogatory to justice; and
thus fill our State tribunals with a higher order
of talent and legal ability; in which case, citizens
would leave the United States courts and flock to
the State courts, rather than risk their cases in the
former. I think it becomes us, as it becomes the
United States, to be as faiily, as properly, and as
efficiently represented in a judicial capacity in our
courts, as the States are in their courts; and yet I
know that in some States, lawyers have moved
their cases out of the United States courts, upon
the ground of judicial incapacity in those courts.
I know the fact; and ought that to be? I think
not, sir; and I think that when Senators object to
a fair remuneration for- the judges, they should
recollect that it is not a mere douceur to the judges
—that it is not for the benefit of the officers. I do
not pay a salary to a judge for the benefit of the !
officer, but I pay for the benefit of the people over
whom he is to administer justice; anal wish to
have a judge who will preside with dignity, abil-
ity, and learning, that my people, over whom he
is to administer justice, may have justice admin-
istered in the best way possible.
. Sir, it is in vain for the Senator from Missouri
to say, that because applicants come flocking for
these places, that that is a reason why we should
not raise the salaries. I believe that the lower you
put the salary, the more applicants there will be;
because few will aspire to the position, when the
requisition is higher. There would be a self-re-
spect among the bar, and the gentlemen who as-
pire to the position, when the salary was higher,
and fewer would be recommended by the bar, and
by those who are capable of judging in the States
as to who should administer justice there; it would
be a choice amongst the highest, and not amongst
the lowest, who are the many. I think, therefore,
that the United States courts should not stand in
an inferior position to the State courts; and that
we ought to raise the salaries of our judges, when
they are inferior, at least to those of the State
judges, in order that the judicial ability and in-
tegrity of the State may be always at the com-
mand of this Government, as well as at that of the
State. I utterly eschew the idea of placing them
above State officers and State judges. I would not
assent to any such arrangement: but the principle
which ought to govern us is this: to get the high- I
est judicial talent and ability to administer in the j
courts of the United States; and in order to do that,
the judges should be paid at least as high as the I
State governments pay their judges for the ad- j
ministration of justice. So far, I think, we ought |
to go; and so far I am prepared to go. |
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the position as- j
sumed by the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina should be received with some modification.
He makes the salary of the State judges the stand-
ard, from which he would not depart, m fixing
the salary of the judges of the district court of
the United States. 1 admit that to be an impor-
tant element in determining the question of the
amount of salary, but i think it should not con-
trol the decision in all instances. We all know
that the tenure of office is different in different
States. In some States the tenuis of office is for
a period of years, and, in some instances, for a
very short period; while the tenure of the office
of the judge of the district court of the United
States is for life, or during good behavior. Ano-
ther element to be considered is the amount of
duty to be performed. In some States, the duties
of the State judges are exceedingly onerous, and
their compensation, therefore, is very high, while
perhaps, in the same State, there would be a very
small amount of business for the district judge of
the United States. In that case, it would be do-
ing more than justice to the district judge, to raise
his salary as high as that of the State judge. In
other cases the duty of the State judge may be
comparatively light, while that of the judge of the
United States court may be exceedingly onerous.
This, then, is an element of importance to be con-
sidered in determining what is the proper compen-
sation ; but I do not consider that it would be ex-
actly safe to prescribe that as a rule by which to
fix the salaries in all cases.
Mr. BADGER. I have listened to what has
been said by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, with much satisfaction, and think the
positions which he has laid down are sound in
their utmost extent; and I beg to add a word or
two to what he has said, for the purpose of fur-
ther illustrating the propriety of the rule he has
laid down.
With regard to the judges of the court of ap-
peals, or the supreme court of the State of New
Hampshire, I understand that the chief justice has
a salary of $1,400, and that the associate judges
receive each $1,200. Now it should be recollected
that the judge of the district court of the United
States sits in a court by himself. So far as his
tribunal is concerned, you must depend entirely
upon his intelligence, his law learning, his char-
acter, and his firmness. In the next place, he
sits in the circuit court, with the judge of the su-
preme court of the United States; and, there being
but two judges, his opinion is sufficient in that
court to equal and to outweigh the opinion of the
chief justice, with whom he sits, in arresting the
adjudications of the._c.ourt. The jurisdiction con-
ferred upon thecourts of the U ni toil States, renders
it peculiarly important that these courts should be
presided over by men eminent for ability, and of
most unquestionable character; and, as the Sena-
tor from South Carolina said, the people of the
State for whom they are to administer justice are
deeply interested in their possessing these qualifi-
cations. But that is not all. The circuit court of
the United States, in which the district judge sits
as one of the judges, which the district judge is
competent to hold without a judge of the supreme
court of the United States—the judges of the su-
preme court of the United States being now by
law authorized to omit one of the circuits which
they ordinarily hold without the assistance of an-
other judge—that court, which is thus held, has
special and peculiar jurisdiction of controversies
between the citizens of other States and the citi-
zens of the State in which the court is held, and
is appointed under the Constitution, in order to
insure a fair and impartial administration of jus-
tice between the citizens of different States, upon
questions which would otherwise fall under the
cognizance of the State courts. Now, when we
consider the highly important functions which this
judge has to discharge, we see at once the im-
mense importance of having gentlemen of the
character and attainments desci-ibed by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina.
But that is not all. 1 suppose that the judges
of the supreme court of the State of New Hamp-
shire preside in the circuit courts. If one of them
commits an error, it is easy to bring that error for
reexamination before the supreme court of New
j Hampshire. It involves but little expense, and
i is done with ease and facility, and I believe it is
i not uncommon that cases involving small sums
are reexamined in the supreme court of that State.
But how stands it with regard to this judge ? He
holds—or he may hold, and I suppose he does
hold, one term of the circuit court every year,
without the assistance of a judge of the supreme
court. In all civil cases, his judgment is abso-
lutely conclusive, unless the matter in controversy
amounts to the sum of $2,000 exclusive of costs; so
that you have a single judge who may rule impor-
tant controversies, not only involving great prin-
ciples, but also large amounts of money without
any means being provided for a reexamination of
his adjudications. And when you can examine
them, we all know that it is a matter involving
great expense, and much delay to bring a writ of
error, and have a reexamination of the case in the
Supreme Court of the United States. But that
does not present the whole difficulty. When that
judge sits on the criminal side of his court, there
is no appeal, there is no writ of error. If he sits
alone he decides for good or evil every question—
however grave—even though it may affect the per-
sonal liberty, or life of the party charged before
him. Now, the question arises, what grade of
capacity and intellect do we require in a man to
fill such a station ? I think with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, that the United
States should give such a compensation as will
enable them to select men from the very best who
| can be found; and that compensation, I think, in
; this case is clearly indicated as being the com-
pensation paid to the chief justice of the supreme
court of that State. The men who are to exer-
cise this large jurisdiction over property to vast
amounts, especially where no reexamination can
take place, and even where in the largest amounts
a reexamination is accompanied with large ex-
pense, and who decides on the liberty, or the life
of the person who may be charged before him
without any writ of error or of appeal, ought to be
entitled to a compensation equal to that of the chief
justice of the supreme court of a State.
Mr. ATCHISON. I was misunderstood, Mr.
President, by the Senator from South Carolina.
At all events, I did not intend to say what the
Senator has imputed to me to have said. I did
not intend to say that when a vacancy occurred
in a judgeship a crowd of incompetent persons
applied for it; I thought I stated distinctly enough
that a crowd of the most competent men the State
could present were applicants for it.
Mr. RHETT. It is not so in South Carolina.
Mr. ATCHISON. That is what I intended to
