1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1787
I do not want to be put in that position
'.Mr. PRATT.
we had
again.
Mr. PRATT. I am satisfied that, but for the
motion of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. IfrKTER,] by which* this resolution was laid
upon the table when sent here from the House,
we should have been prepared to adjourn upon
the day indicated by the House. I am further
satisfied, that if it continues to lie on the table, we
shall be in the same position at the end of one
month, or two months, that we are to-day. It is,
therefore, essential, in my opinion, that we should
act upon the resolution fixing upon some day at
which the session of Congress shall be brought to ,
a close. I believe that if we fix upon the 10th of j
August, the day mentioned by the House, the I
House will of course, in justice to the country at i
large, go to work upon those measures alone !
which are essential to be passed, and they will be i
in as ^ood a position to do justice to the country
as they will be by any postponement which we j
may make. We shall have at last to rely in a great j
degree upon the examination made by the com- |
mntees of this body, to which these measures j
will be referred. It would be impossible for every :
Senator to discuss the details and particulars of
them. We must rely in a great degree upon the
judgment of the committees, and f, for one, am pre-
pared now to vote for the resolution of the House. ,
At any rate, we ought to act definitively upon the j
subject, and I therefore hope the motion to post-
pone will not prevail.
Mr. SOULE. It strikes me that the apprehen-
sions entertained with reference to an early ad-
journment are unfounded. It would seem to be the
opinion of some that the postponement of this
resolution will give us some security that the
business of the House will be brought up in time,
and that the Senate will be allowed to act ad-
visedly upon the measures which will come be-
fore it. Such seems certainly to be the object
sought after by those who oppose the adjourn-
ment on i he 16ih of August. But will they realize
what they mean to effect by voting against the
resolution ? In my judgment they will not. The
experience of the past affords a presumption to
the contrary. Now we have the House committed
by the very step which it has thought proper to
ta|<e—committed not only to the Senate but to
the country—committed how? To the effect that
it will in due time send to this body those meas-
ures which it cannot be expected we would be
willing to pass without due consideration. Is not
that the obvious bearing and effect of the resolu-
tion? Clearly it is.
And what are we going to do by postponing
the resolution ? Precisely the contrary of what we
expect to realize. We are going to exonerate the
House from the obligation which it has volunta-
rily and by its own act assumed, and incur it our-
selves. I, for one, am unwilling to do so. I feel
bound to presume that the House is as much
aware of us responsibility as we can be of ours.
I feel bound to presume that it will set itsell
to work, so as to avoid the consequences of
that responsibility; but should my presumption
in that respect be unfounded—if I were wrong in
what I take pleasure to expect from the dispo-
sition of the House, then I am not at a loss as
to the course I shall pursue. Whenever time ,
shall be wanting for me to consider deliberately of j
measures committed to my judgment, 1 shall He- ■
cline acting at all, and let the responsibility rest |
where it may. But, sir, I do not apprehend these
ex'rennties. The House willact—the more read- .
ilV and promptly on account of the very position j
in' winch the resolution has placed its members. I
I shall, therefore, be for concurring at once m the j
resolution, as being the only means for bringing ,
th" business of this session to a close. ;
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not mean to protract .
the debate. I take no pleasure m throwing the i
responsibility or onus on the House. The on y ;
question, I consider, is this: Shall we be able to
transact the important business of the session in
the lime stated ? The inquiries I have made m
relation to the business in the House satisfy me
that we shall not. Not one important measure
has passed Congress this session. The table ot
the House is loaded with important bills from the
S-nate And does any man suppose that they,
and the appropriation bills can pass within the
time fixed in the resolution ? I think not. I sha.l
therefore persist in my motion to postpone the ,
resolution for a week, and then, after having !
made inquiries, if I think we can adjourn on the
16th, I will unite with other gentlemen inendeav- ;
oring to do so. But if it be detrimental .to the j
public business we ought not to adjourn, no mat- '
ter where the responsibility falls. _ \
Mr. BRIGHT. I concur in the opinion ex- j
pressed by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. j
Pratt,] that had the Senate taken up the resolu- j
tion of the House when it was first brought here ;
and concurred in it, we could have been ready at ;
the time specified to adjourn; but having failed to i
do so, we have as usual since that time been very \
industriously engaged in doing very little. More- 1
over, events have occurred since that time which
lost to both the Houses five or six days. The vote
taken but a few moments ago, shows that there
are but forty-four Senators present. Six are absent
by order of the Senate. In these circumstances,
I think it would be very proper to agree to the
motion made by the Senator from Illinois, to de-
fer the consideration of the resolution for one
week. If then we find that we shall be able to ,
get through by the middle of next month, we j
ought to agree to the resolution. But I have my j
doubts upon that point, and I am unwilling to see j
the remnant of the session—the little which is -
left—employed in hasty legislation, as has been |
the case more or less for the last five or six ses- j
sions. Gentlemen prepare their business, and are j
unable to get it up at an early part of the session— j
hence, at the close, it is put through either shape- ;
less or not at all. I was in hopes that the close of j
this session would be distinguished somewhat for
its attention to and care of, not only public, but
private business. There is an immense amount >
of private business undisposed of, which is now i
in its incipient stage. If the amendment moved |
by the Senator from Virginia had been agreed to, i
namely: to adjourn on the 30th of August, I think j
we could have wound up the business by that time. J
I was in hopes that that would have been agreed j
to by the Senate, but I shall now vote with the :
Senator from Illinois, to postpone the resolution.
Mr. PRATT asked for the yeas and nays upon j
the motion to postpone; and they were ordered. I
Mr. RUSK. If the honorable Senator will
change his motion to postpone till Monday next,
I will vote for it. I think we can act upon it as
well on Monday as in a week from this time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would make the modifica-
tion most cheerfully, only my object is to make
sojne inquiries as to the condition of business in
the House—to ascertain how it stands, and how
we stand. I would change it, if I could obtain
that information by that time.
The PRESIDENT. It can only be modified
by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays having
been ordered.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 19; as follows:
YF.AS — Messis. Atchison. Bell, Borland, Bright, Brod-
head, Brooke, Charleton, Davis, De Saussure, Dodse ot
Wisconsin, Doii c of Iowa, Felch, Foot, Geyer, Gnu,
Hale, ll.imlm, Jnmos, Jones of Iowa, Matlory, Mason,
Menwetlier, Norris, Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, and Up-
^NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Bayard, Butler, Chase,Clarke,
Cooper, Dawson, Hunter, King, Miller, Pratt, Ruslr, Sew-
ard, Slriitil, Soule, Spruance,Toucey, Wade, and Walker,
—19.
So the further consideration of the resolution
was postponed till Thursday next.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. NORRIS. I move to reconsider the vote ,
by which the amendment of the Senator from Vir-1
eima to the resolution which has just been post- ,
poned was rejected. The motion, I suppose, can ,
be entered on the Journal. ... i
The PRESIDENT. That will not be neces-
sary The resolution has been postponed; and
the motion can be made when it comes up again. ;
Mr. NORRIS. I suppose the motion must be ,
mide either to-day or to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
no object can be effected by making the motion
now, unless the Senate take up the resolution
again by reconsidering the motion postponing it.
When it comes up again, this day week the mo-
tion can be made to insert either the 30th, or anj
other day m place of the Kith.
Mr. NORRIS. But I suppose the motion to
reconsider must be made to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The benator does not
exactly understand the Chair. The reconsidering
or Lhe vote which rejected the striking out of tha
lGth and inserting the 30th would have no effect
on tj^e resolution whatever. The resolution has
been postponed until Thursday next.
Mr. NORRIS. The Chair does not seem to
understand me. I have given notice, that when
the resolution comes up, 1 will move a reconsid-
eration of the vote rejecting the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT. That will not be neces-
sary. When the resolution comes up again, the
Senator can move to strike out " 16th," and in-
sert any other day.
Mr. HUNTER. Will it be in order to move
it when the resolution comes up again, the Senate
having decided against it ?
The PRESIDENT. TheSenate having decided
against it to-day will not prevent their deciding it
again. The motion to recopsider, however, can
be entered upon the journal.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him for consideration yesterday:
Resolved, That (the House of Representatives concur-
ring) the sixteenth jniiitrtile of the two Houses be amended
by addine the following thereto: '* And all general appro-
pi mtion hills shall he sent at least ten days previous to the
day fixed for the adjournment of Congress."
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor to amend the resolution by inserting after the
word " sent," the words " to the Senate." It is
too general as it stands.
Mr. NORRIS. That was the original form in
which the resolution was drawn up; but I do not
think there can be anything unconstitutional in the
Senate originating appropriation bills.
Mr. GWIN I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will not alter his resolution. I hope
it will remain as it is. I have no doubt of the
power of the Senate to originate appropriation
bills. An appropriation bill is not one for the
raising of revenue. We havecertainly the power
of originating appropriation bills, which are dif-
ferent from bills for raising revenue. I therefore
hope the resolution will remain as it is.
The resolution was adopted; and, as amended,
the sixteenth joint rule will read thus, if the House
of Representatives shall concur:
" No hill that shall have passed one House, shall be sent
for concurrence to tile other on either of the last three days
of the session ; and all general appropriation bills shall be
sent at least ten days previous to the day fixed for the ad-
journment of Congress."
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER,from theCommitteeon Finance,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives, to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1852, with the amendments thereto,
submitted the following report:
They recommend that the Senate should agree to the
amendment of the House, to strike out ail after the word
"cents," in line 7, of the twelfth amendment of the Senate,
pxoept the following provisions:
For present* and provisions for Indians visiting superin-
tendent on officialUusmess, $1,000.
For traveling expenses of the superintendent and til®
necessary attendants, ,$2,500."
That it should disagree to the amendment of tne House
to the fourteenth amendment of the Senate.
That it should agree to the amendments of tne .House to
the twenty-tilth amendment of the Senate, with the follow-_
insmkolloutB"t$43,700," and insert " $16,000," in hue 6,
of the House amendment, following line 71 ot the Senate
amendment, and add after lme 18, in the said House amend-
inent, as follows ■ r ^
-l For per diem compensation and mileage of Senators,
members of tiie House of Representatives, and Delegates,
*T"hat°it Should insist on lhe eighteenth amendment, and
concur m all the other amendments of the House to tne
Senate amendments.
The twelfth amendment to which the report
refers, was as follows:
*<l. Pa«e 7, after line 140, insert:
"2 For expenses ot" e*tabli*-hm£ the supenntendenoy of
fndian -\ftairs in California, authorized by the act of 3d of
i Maich, 185«3 viz : ^
i "1. For salary of hupeiintendent, $1,31b 08.
«S. For salary of clerk. £804 17.
■ « 3. For rent of office for fupi'nntendem, $I,uuU.
| "4. For stationery, fuel, lights, £tc., for office of super-
1 intHiidpnt, $07;".
I ««). For messenger expenses, &c.. §400.
"6. For labor, miscellaneous items, and contingent ex-
nense? of the sunenntendeiicy, ^275.
<(7. For pie.-etit^ and provisions for Indians viwitin*,
eupeiintendent on official business, $1,000.
