1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
"8. For traveling expenses of the superintendent and the j
necessary attendants, $2,500. #
ii 9. For furniture for superintendent's office, $300.
" 10. For iron safe for superintendent's office, $1,000.'
trll. For United States flags, for distribution among the
tnbss, $500.'' *
The House struck out every item but the first,
and the Finance Committee of the Senate recom-
mend a concurrence in the House amendment,
except as to the seventh and eighth items.
The fourteenth amendment of the Senate was to
.strike out these words:
"For compensation to three special agents and four in-
terpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the pur-
chase of presents, and to negotiate with said Indians, under
instructions from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for
their removal from that State to some designated unoccu-
pied territory of the United States, $25.000.5>
" And insert in lien thereof the following, viz:
:i For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate under in-
structions fro in the Secretary of the Jnteiior, with the In-
dians m Texas, who have intruded themselves into that
State from the territories of the United States,"for their re-
moval from mat Statu. <$2.5,000."
The House struck out the words which we have
placed in italics, so that as amended the amend-
ment reads thus:
"For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate, under
instiuctions from the Secretary of the Interior, with the In-
dians in Texas, lor their removal from that Suite, ^25,000."
The Senate Committee on Finance recommend
a disagreement with this amendment.
The twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate added
the following item:
"For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile,
$100,000."
This the House of Representatives amended by
adding the following:
a For the completion of the custom-house at Louisville,
Kentucky, the additional sum of$43,700.
k* For the completion of the custom-house at Cincinnati,
$50,000.
For the completion of a custom-house and other public
offices connected therewith, at Pittsburg, $35,000.
" For the completion of the fire proof building in the city
of St. Louis, Missoun, for a custom-house and independ-
ent treasury buUdmg, and other offices of the United States,
$"J7,0Q0.
" For the completion of a custom-house at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, $30,000."
The Senate Committee on Finance propose to
reduce the appropriation fov the Louisville custom-
house from $43,700 to $10,000; and to add to the
House amendment— v
"For per diem, compensation, and mileage of Senator,
members of the House of Representatives, and Delegates,
$5Q%000. 
The committee recommend that the Senate insist
on its eighteenth amendment, to which the House
disagreed. It is to insert at the end of the clause
in page 13, appropriating $1,500 for the payment
of Messrs* Uabcock, Wilkinson, and Holcombe,
for revising the laws of the Legislative Assembly
of Minnesota, the following:
"Provided, That hereafter no expenses incuired by a
Territorial Legislature shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United Htates, unless pieviously sanctioned by law.''
In all tiie other amendments the Senate commit-
tee recommend a concurrence.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the bill maybe
taken up at this tune, for the purpose of consider-
in# that report.
The rRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate choose, the
question can be taken on the report in gross or
separately on the amendments, l understand the
Senator fiom Texas wishes to make a separate
question on the amendment in relation to the
Texas Indians. The Committee on Finance have
concurred in all the amendments made by the
House to the bill, with three or four exceptions.
The first was this: The House struck out all
that portion of the amendment which related to
the superintendency of Indian affairs in Califor-
nia, with the exception of the salary of the super-
intendent. The Committee on Finance recom-
mend to concur in that, with the exception of two
items—one being: for presents to the Indians, and
the other for the traveling expenses of the super-
intendent, who is to be sent there for the purpose
of seeing the Indians. The next amendment, in
relation to which there was a difference of opin-
ion, was that for the custom-house at Louisville
The [louse added to the amendment of the Senate
certain estimates made by the Department since it
was offered. The Department recommended that
in those cases in which it was provided last year,
in the appropriation bills, that $75,000 should be
devoted to the purchase of the site and completion
of the building, Congress should appropriate
$75,000 for the building, independent of the site.
The House adhered to that recommendation, with i
onfeexception. They allowed to Louisville $47,000, '
instead of the price of the site, which was §16,000. \
The Committee on Finance have recommended :
that that amendment be st> amended as to conform |
it to the usage in relation to the other custom- ;
houses, and to the estimate of the Department. J
That'is the second case in which we differ. j
The third is the amendment introduced here in ;
relation to the appropriation for the removal of |
Indians who may have intruded into the territory j
of Texas. The House struck out the words
" who may have intruded themselves into that!
State from the territories of the United States," so
as to make it read, 44 for their removal from that
State." The committee do not agree to that, but
recommend that we should insist on our original
amendment, making the appropriation for the re-
moval of Indians who may nave intruded into
Texas.
The fourth, in which we disagree from the
House, is in the amendment in relation to territo-
rial expenses. We provided, in that amendment,
thatappropriations should notbe made hereafter for
the expenses of any Territory which were en-
tered into without the sanction of law. That was
rejected by the House because a law was passed
in 1842 to that effect. But it is thought proper to
insist on it, inasmuch as the law has been de-
parted from, to give notice that it will be hereafter
adhered to.
There is also an additional amendment which it
is necessary to put in. There was a deficiency
in the fund for the pay and mileage of Senators.
The Secretary of the Senate sent down an esti-
mate to .the Committee on Ways and Means which
was rejected in the House. The Committee on
Finance have added that because it will be neces-
sary. The original estimate reached only to the
17th of August. The Speaker of the House has
drawn enough to serve that body until that period,
and there is a deftcicncy in what is left for the
Senate. It is a deficiency created in great part, it
is true, by the extra session of the Senate, but still
it is necessary to provide for it. The Committee
on Financehavethereforerecommended an amend-
ment by which it is provided for. £ believe these
are the only cases in which we have differed from
the House. We have recommended the concur-
rence in all the other of their amendments.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the question will be on concurring in
the report of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that the question in rela-
tion to the Texas Indians may be excepted. I
concur willingly in the whole report, with that
exception. I move that that portion of the report
be excepted.
The PRESJ DENT. Then the question will be
on agreeing with the whole of the report, except-
ing that portion which relates to this particular
amendment.
The question was accordingly taken in concur-
ring in the report, excepting theamendmentabove
referred to, and it was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question will now
be on concurring in that amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I trust that the Secretary will read
the amendment made by the Senate, and also that
made by the House of Representatives.
The amendments were read as follow:
The Senate's amendment was:
" For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate, under
instructions from the Secretary of the Interior, with the
Indians m Texas, who have intruded themselves into that
State from the territories of the Ignited States, foi their
removal from that State, ,$2f),000.'}
And the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to strike out the following words:
u Who have intruded themselves into that .State from the
tenitoiies of the United States."
Mr. RUSK. I hope the House amendment
will be agreed to. The appropriation amounts to
the small sum of $25,000. for the purpose of re-
moving the intruding Indians from Texas. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] seems to
imagine that in the language of the House of Rep-
resentatives there is conveyed an instruction to
the President to remove all the Indians. There is
no such instruction. The restriction I should have
resisted at the moment it was made, as an unne-
cessary precaution, because it not only implies a
suspicion that Texas requires something improper
in this negotiation, but that you cannot, on this,
as on all other occasions, trust to the Executive
Government the necessary powers for carrying it
on. The idea, to my mind, is utterly preposter-
ous. Whatever negotiations are made with re-
gard to the removal of these Indians* would be
the subject-matter of treaty, and must, therefore,
necessarily come before the Senate. Nobody re-
quires that such a proposition as the Senator from
Virginia has alluded to should be inserted in this
bill, and therefore the restriction recommended by
the Committee on Finance is unnecessary, and
would only impede the negotiation that would take
place with the Indians, because the first step would
be to hunt them up, to find them, to ascertain by
legal proof, such as would satisfy the Senator from
Virginia, who were the Indians that went over
from the territory of the United States and settled
in Texas. I should be glad to have him there as
witness, and associate counsel, for the purpose of
proving their identity. He would find it rather a
difficult matter.
The appropriation, as made by the House of
Representatives, places the matter in the discre-
tion of the Executive of the United States, where
such discretion properly rests, and where it has
been placed heretofore. I think it would be pre-
posterous for Congress to attempt to give particu-
lar instructions with regard to these Indians. I
cannot see any of the difficulties apprehended by
the Senator from Virginia, at all; for no liability
rests on the President to remove all the Indians
from Texas, according to the wording of the
amendment by the House.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate reads as follows:
"For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate, under
instructions fiom the Secretary of the Interior, with the
Indians in Texas who have intruded themselves into that
State from the territories of the United States, for their
removal from that State, $25,000."
Now, the Senator from Texas says it is only
designed to have it apply to Indians who intruded
themselves into the territory, if that is the only
design, why not express that idea in terms? be-
cause I think he will see, if he examines the
amendment which the House have sent here, that
there is danger of its receiving a very different
construction. He asks who is to ascertain what
Indians have intruded into the territory of Texas?
It was the Senator himself who said that the In-
dians had intruded, and he is lawyer enough to
know that the burden of proving who they are
rests on him. We have an agent there, and we
will appropriate the money to" remove those who
are proved to have intruded. But take it the other
way, and suppose we expunge these words from
the amendment, and how does it stand ? Here is
a very small sum appropriated, but it is neverthe-
less the entering wedge, which implies that the
United States is under some sort of obligation to
remove the Texan Indians from Texas. Where
shall we remove them 5 Where is the territory
which we have for the purpose of removing them?
They belong to Texas, and the United States
have not assumed the obligations to remove them
and provide a place for them elsewhere. If the
Senator from Texas thinks the United States are
under any obligation to remove them, the question
should come up in another shape; for it is a large
question, and requires much consideration,
The Senator has complained that our Indians
have intruded upon Texas and committed depre-
dations there. I am willing to make appropria-
tions for the purpose of securing the people of
Texas, so far as the Government can do it, from
such intrusions; beyond that I am not willing to
go. I do not think we are bound to do it, nor can
we have the means to do it, unless we make some
further provision for that purpose. Whenever we
do that, it will take a much larger sum of money
than $25,000.
But the Senator says that this removal is to be
a matter of discretion with the President of the
United States. The President of the United States,
however, will be compelled to exercise his discre-
tion within the provisions of the law; and if by
law we acknowledge the obligation, and assume
the business of removing, the Indians from Texas,
what discretion will the President have ? When
