924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
agreed.. The real question presented by the bill is,
•whether we shall raise thesalary ofa Federal judge
above that of the State judges m the same State—
whether we shall fix a higher standard of value for
'the services of -Federal officers than the State gov-
ernment has fixed for its own officers, of the same
class, and of the same character and grade of qual-
ification, in the same State, and where the duties
both have to be performed? This, sir, is the ques-
tion; and its answer must be the same, upon prin-
ciple, whether, the actual salary be high or low, and
whether the standard of qualification be high or
low; for, in respect to qualification, the standard
must be the same for the Federal, as for the State
judge.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] instituted a comparison between
the duties performed by the federal and the State
judges, respectively, and assumed what he stated
to be the result as the measure of the different com-
pensation proper to be paid to the one and to the
other; and as the standard, also, for determining
the higher qualification to be required of the one
than the other. He assumed that the Federal
judge should have higher qualifications, because
he had to determine questions of greater impor-
tance, and, in many instances, in the Inst resort;
and that, even in cases where appeals did lie from
his decisions, the expenses, and trouble, and de-
lay, ill carrying them to a higher court, were so
great as to present an almost insuperable barrier
to an appeal. But. sir, the honorable Senator
seemed to forget that the necessary conditions of
his comparison (or, rather, what he made quite a
contrast) were not present in this case. The
r,lasses of judges between which he undertook to
make this comparison,or,rather, to show a supe-
riority of the one over the other, do not materially
(lifter from each other in the several particulars of
jurisdiction and duties alluded to by him. The
State judge in this case, of whom he institutes a
comparison with the Federal judge, is one of the
judges of the supreme court of the State—the high-
• est court known to the State laws—the court of
the last resort, from whose decisions, within a
wider and higher range of jurisdiction, whether of
civil or criminal cases,, there is no appeal. And
of the judges of this court, he must recollect the
Senator from NewHampshire told us, yesterday,
the salary of the chief justice was but $1,400, and
that of his associates was but $1,200 each per
tinnum. In my own State, the salary of the chief
and associate justices of the supreme court is
$1,500 each, while the circuit judge receives but
81,200. The same difference exists, in other
States, between the different classes of State
judges; and if the Senator from North Carolina
(Mr. Bux.f.r] had instituted his comparison be-
tween the duties and jurisdiction of the Federal
judge, especially as a judge in the lust resort, and
those of the inferior judge of the State court,
there might have been some plausibility in it as an
argument in support of the position he has as-
sumed, though of little force when tested by the
true merits of the question. But it utterly fails
when undertaken in a case where the judges are at
least equal in dignity, duties, and jurisdiction, or
if there be any superiority on either side, it is ob-
viously with the State judge.
1 would here make an inquiry of the honorable
Senator fioin New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
How long has this gentleman held the office of
United Suites district judge in the State of New
Hampshire?
Mr. HALE. I believe he was appointed by
General Jackson.
_ Mr. BORLAND. He was appointed in the
time of General Jackson ?
Mr. HALF/. I believe so.
Mr. BORLAND. Then he has held office for ^
a long time, and we have never heard of any ap- I
plication for on increase of pay before this. !
Mr. HALE. You are mistaken.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from TTew \
Hampshire says [ am mistaken; but I have never I
heard ofuny sii-h application here before; although ]
he has held the office since the year 1832. We '
may assume twenty years, then, he has held this :
office: and so faras we have evidence, he has, until I
now, been satisfied with the present salary. Now,
sir, are his qualifications any better than they
have been heretofore1 Are his expenses any
greater: or are his duties more onerous ? I pre-,
snme not. At any rate, I have no evidence that
they are. And if they be not, why should we
increase his salary ?
I have thus touched incidentally on these few
points. The other and more material ones were
so thoroughly discussed yesterday, and have been
to-day, by other Senators, that I shall trouble the
Senate no more in regard to them.
Mr. BRADBURY. A remark made by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Da-
vis] renders it necessary that ,I should say a word,
lest I should be misunderstood. I objected to the
principle laid down by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr, Rhett,] that the compensation of
the highest State judge should be the rule, the in-
exorable rule.
Mr. RHETT. I beg to say that I did not say
the inexorable rule. I said the principle. 1 had
no such intention in my mind, as that of applying
the principle as an inexorable rule. I understand
that in Rhode Island the judge gets g500.
Mr. CLARKE. I would like to know how the
Senator from South Carolina understood that.
The PRESIDENT. There must be no inter-
ruption. The Senator from Maine is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was not calling in ques-
tion the remarks of the Senator from South Car-
olina, but the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] alluded to my remarks, and the course of
argumentadopted by the Senator from South Caro-
linatendedtothesamepurpose. Idesireto setmy-
self right. I stated that the salary of the highest
State judge should be one of the elements. I stated
that there were other elements to be considered; and
the principle which I would adopt is this; having
reference to that salary, 1 would give such a com-
pensation as should command adequate talents.
Now, I have a case in my recollection. I un-
derstand that the State judges in Florida receive
$9,000, and that is found to be an inadequate sala-
ry, to command the talents and services of an ade-
quate judge in the southern district, who has to
pass annually on property exceeding; a million,
and sometimes a million and a half of dollars.
There are other cases in which the salaries paid
to the State judges would be inadequate to procuie
the requisite talent and services of a United States
judge. On the other hand, the compensation paid
to a State judge is in some instances greater than
would be an adequate compensation for the ser-
vices to be performed by a United States judge;
and hence, the whole scope of my remarks was,
that this should be one of the elements m forming
an opinion; but not that it should constitute the
rule.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to say to the Senator
from Maine, as he has referred to a remark which
I made, that I did not understand the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] as laying
down any such rule as he has stated, as being
necessary to govern the decision of the question
with regard to the salary of district judges. I
understood him to furnish a general cuterion by
which we might determine what would be proper
to command the services of a man of sufficient
ability and talent to occupy the position of a judge
ill the United States court. 1 will say further,
| that I do not agree with the honorable Senator
from Maine, that the salary of a judge is to be
reduced because the business which he may be
called to discharge is not great or pressing,
i Mr. BRADBURY, The Senator is mistaken.
I said no such thing.
Mr. BADGER. You call upon a gentleman of
the bar to quit his profession in order to take a
seat on the bench, and that puts him out of busi-
ness in his former profession. I think, therefore,
that rule should not govern the rate of compensa-
tion, or but in a subordinate degree, at least; be-
cause, if you have a court in which there are but
few cases to be tried, when you select a gentle-
man to fill that place, you still make him depend-
ent upon his salary, although he is withdrawn
from his profession a) together. Of course his sal-
ary should be an adequate one. It would be a
poor system to act upon, where there is but little
business in the courts of the United States to have
such small salaries, and consequently be obliged
to fill these ronrts with incompetent men: be-
cause by-and-by, when business increases, or
i when questions arise, involving large amounts of
| property, or questions involving liberty or life,
i you will have men presiding in these courts whom
I every one would say were unfit to fill these places,
11 and incompetent for the duties of the station.
!' There may be instances in which there is such an
,i immense accumulation of business, ihat a salary
!j may be required beyond what other cases would
j! require. But the salary should always be suffi-
jjcientto insure the services of men competent to
ii adjudicate on all questions that may arise.
\| Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from North
I] Carolina seems again to misapprehend me. I
j; stated distinctly, that the amount of business was
i one of the elements. I said nothing about redu-
j, cing salaries. He drew the conclusion that that
was what I said, and then went on to argue from
■ those premises. The proposition which I made
' was a general one; and now let me put a case. A
■l judge may be constantly employed, like the judge
of the district of Massachusetts, or the southern
!i district of New York, who has an immense accu-
i| mulation of business, almost sufficient to break
ij down a herculean frame. I ask. if that is not one
i of the elements ? That is the position 1 laid down;
, yet the honorable gentleman objects to it, and
i, takes exceptions to it, as if I hat! confined it to
j! that alone.
i: Mr. CHASE. The question now before the
Senate is, whether the district judge for New
Hampshire shall receive a salary equal to that of
the associate judges of that State? 1 have taken
pains to ascertain from the Senator from New
;; Hampshire, the precise amount of that salary. It
|! is $1,200. In the course of some remarks of that
! Senator yesterday, lie stated that there was a sum
paid to the associate judges, in addition to this,
for the reporting of their decisions. If this sum
were paid to them, I should feel inclined to add
that amount; but, on inquiry of the Senator, I as-
certained that that sum is not now paid to the asso-
ciate judges of the superior court of New Hamp-
shire. If, then, we give this judge a salary of
$1,200, we give him precisely that which ail asso-
ciate judge of the highest court in the State re-
; ceives. That,it seems to me, is the true criterion.
! The district judges are the associate judges of the
courts of the United States. The circuit judge
; sits as presiding judge; and the district judge sit?
as an associate judge. If they receive the same
salary as the associate judges of the highest
court in the State, it seems to me it ought to be
(enough.
; "Mr. CLARKE. T listened to the honorable Sen-
j] ator from South Carolina with very great pleas-
J: ure, and agreed with the sensible remarks which
j he made on this question. He had something to
say, however, about a salary of $500 being paid
11 to the iudges of Rhode Island. Will the Senator
j have the goodness to tell me where he gets his in-
!1 formation ?
j; Mr. RHETT. I saw the statement in a news-
|; paper. It gave an account of the salaries paid to
the different officers of the States; and for Rhode
l! island, the Governor was put down at $200, and
the judges at $500.
(i Mr. CLARKE. Now, I have read in the news-
ij papers of this country, and I ha\e believed some
I1 of them, that theie were traitors to be found in
j. various sections of the country; but 1 have never
!; undertaken to allege anything of that sort, because
^ it is found in the newspapers. There are a great
^ many things published in the newspapers that are
j; not true. A word, now, in regard to the State of
r Rhode Island. There are four judges of the su-
ji prenie court of that State. They also perform cir-
cuit duties. Thechiei justice of the supreme court
of the State gets _$1,600 a year, and the associate
!j judges have ^1,201), and there are some certain
>| iee^ attached to the office that bring them up to
, $1,400. It is totally and entirely a mistake to
; suppose that the State of Rhode Island pays her
\ I Governor but $900, and her judges but $500. Her
j. judges receive the compensation I have named.
' Tne Lieutenant Governor of the State, who has
j: very little to do, has ^500. It will, therefore, be
I perceived that the Governor must have more. I
cannot conceive why the State of Rhode Island
ji should have been brought into this debate by the
I Senator from South Carolina, when he was in
, such an entire error as regards the salaries paid
the judges there. I state it now, that the honor-
| able Senator may know that he is in error.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The result of this dis-
^ cussion has been to convince me that I ought to
, vote for the salary of $1,400; which is what the
|. highest judge in the State of Xew Hampshire re-
!■ ceives. I therefore renew the motion to insert
