1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
^1,400, instead of §1,600; and I ask that the ques- I
tion may be lirst taken on that. i
The PRESIDENT. The proposition was made !
by the Senator from Ohio, to strike out $1,600, S
and insert $1,200; the Senator from Kentucky I
suggests $1,400. If there werea blank to be filled, !
the question would be first taken on the longest 1
time, or the greatest amount; but as there is no |
blank, the question must first be taken on the ■
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, which was j
made before that of the Senator from Kentucky. \
If that be rejected, the question will come up on the '
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky. ;
Mr. BADGER. I understand the Chair to say '
that the question must first betaken on the amend- '
ment of the Senator from Ohio. 1
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think the rule is the other
way. 1 think the question must first be taken on
the largest amount. :
The PRESIDENT. It would he so, if there
was a blank to be filled.
Mr. ATCHISON. I see a reason for it at all
events, whether such is the rule or not. Suppose ;
the Senate should decide to amend the bill by in-
serting $1,200. ;
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make j
any question of order? ,
Mr. ATCHISON. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. If there were a blank to i
be filled, the question would be first upon the !
largest amount and longest time; but when a mo- i
tion is made to strike out and insert, the question '
must be taken on it before any other motion be '
put except a privileged one. !
Mr. ADAMS. Is a motion to strike out and J
insert divisible5 If so, I should like to have the |
question first taken on the motion to strike out. >
If so, we can settle the question at once. I think
a salary of $1,600 is little enough for a judge.
The PPtESIDEXT. According to the rules of '
the Senate, a motion to strike outand insert is not !
divisible. j
Mr. BORLAND. 1 call for the yeas and nays j
on the motion to strike out §1,600 and insert I
$1,200. |
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being !
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follow: •
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Holland, J>iooke, Chase, Cle-
mens, Dodge of fowa, Douglas, Felcn, Joiie-; 01 Tennessee, 1
Xing, Rhett. Rusk, Sebastian, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, B'mlter, Bell, Biadbury. Brod-
head, Clarke, Davw, Dodge or 'Wisconsin, Down-, Fish. >
Foot, G win, Hale, Jone  oflowa, Mailory, Mi'Ier, Mmtoii,
Xoms, J-'ratt, Sowaid, Shields, smith, Soult3, Spruauce,
Sunnier, Undenvood, Cphum, and Walker—"j*. ,
So the motion was not agreed to. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move to strike ]
out £>1,600 and insert $1,400. I
Mr. HALE. As a friend of the bill, I wish to |
stale that I ha\e no objection to that amendment. !
The amendment was <\giecd to. The bill was 1
reported to the Senate as emended, and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. BORLAND. I believe the question now ,
is upon ordering the hill io he engrossed and read
a third time. On that question I call for the yeas .
and nays. s
The veas ajid nays were ordered. ;
Mr. ltUSIv. Before the vote is taken I should
like to ask the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire if he knows the number of days that ;
this gentleman is employed, and the average num- i
ber of cases he has to hear. It seems to me that '
he has b-ien very still for twenty yeais with a :
salary of ^1,000. >
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the '
lime of the Senate, after it has taken up so much
already on this hill. This judge is obliged to hold
four terms of the district court and two terms of I
the circuit court aimuolly in ordinary times. How
many days he is occupied it is impossible for me .
to say. It is a very great mistake to suppose that
he or his friends have always been satisfied with
his compensation. The members of the bar of
both political parties have repeatedly memorialized
Congress representing the inadequacy of the sal-
ary, and requesting that it might be raised. I
would state further to the honorable Senator, that
in the State of New Hampshire there is a seaport,
Portsmouth, where there is a fort and navy-yard
of the United States, and there is great need for a
district judge residing there. The district judge
has never been able to reside within the vicinity of
those establishments of the General Government,
owing to the inadequacy of his salary. Repre- j
sentations have constantly been made'requesting |
an increase of his compensation to enable him to i:
reside in the vicinity of these establishments, so i
as to transact business with facility. j
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to be understood in ;
the vote which I propose to give. I shall vote !
against the bill, not because 1 undertake to say !
that the amount proposed to be given to this gen- j
tleman is too much, but upon the principle 1 as- i
sumed yesterday for the governing of my vote !
here—that 1 will never give a vote which will place '
a judge of the Federal Government of the same '
grade, requiring the same amount and the same '
character of duties, upon a better footing, give him
a higher salary, and thereby recognize m him a
higher grade ot qualifications, and a higher degree !
of respectability, than- the judges of the State
courts. This bill as it now stands proposes to
give this judge $200 more than the associate
judges of the supreme court of New Hampshire
receive. It puts him on a footing with the chief
justice of the State. I am willing to put him on a '
footing with the associate justices, but I am not j
willing to put him upon the same footing that the '
State of New Hampshire places the highest judi-
cial officer of the State.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for this bill as it is.
If we give the individual a salary to hold this •
office, it seems to me that $1,400 is little enough,
whether he has business or not. But I vote re- ;
luctantly for the bill, not on the ground that I i
think this is too high a salary, but because of the .
partial operation of the judicial system of the ,
United States. If we increase the salary of the i
judge of one district, we shall have the judges of'
other districts electioneering for on increase of
salary. There are a great many district judges
whose offices are merely sinecures. There are j
others who have three times as much business as '
they can do, and suitors are delayed from year '
: to year, because the judges cannot get through
with the business. I doubt whether there is a '
civilized country on the face of the globe where :j
there is such a partial system as the judicial sys- i;
tem of the United States. We have one judge ■
at $1,000; another at $2,500; another at $4,000.
There are a dozen bills now before the Senate for
the increase of the salaries of judges in different i
sections of the Union. One section of the Union ;
httf. Tht« benefit of circuit courts, while another I
section has not. It seems to me that patching up 1
ihe system from year t<  year makes it worse.
Hence, though \ shall vote for this bill, 1 shall do
so with great reluctance. i
Mr. BORLAND. In order to show that I am '
not actuated by any feeling of hostility to this par-
ticular judge. I wish simply to say that I have :
pursued a similar comae m reference to the Uni- I
ted States district judge uf my own State.' He .
has applied to me to endeavor to get him an m- ,
crease of salary, but I have declined to do so, and i
I have en him as a reason, that which I have 1
stated here for my opposition to this bill, namely,
that I will not £0 for an increase of the salary of
a Federal judge, beyond the salary of the judges of
the State courts.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, ,
UD'in ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a ;
third time resulted—yeas 34, nays 8; as follows:
VHAS—Mc^b. Adam?, Badger, Cell, uradi>uij% Biod-
Ucad, Brooks Claik«'. Dan-. f)odg«  of IWron^in, Down*, j
'•YIcli t i^i. Foot, Gwiii. Half, Hunter. Jones of Iowa, 1
ToiWo' Tennessee, lung. Maliorv, Miiiei, Morton. N rm, 1
Pratt, iihett. Rusk, tfewaid, Shalds*. £ouU. Spruauco, ,,
Sumn"!. Und'MW ond, rphcim. \\ aiker—^>4. ■ j
XAYS—M"s*r-. Vehison, Boit.iud. Clemens,
Dud^o of Iowa. Douglas, Sebastian. Wade.—5,
So (he bill w.-s ordered to be engrossed, and
read a thiid tune.
EXECUTIVE SESSiOZN.
On the motion ot Mr. BADCjr&R, the &><?nate
proceeded to the consideration oi Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the doors j
were ropened, ami ;
The Senate adjourned. J'
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tix^day, starch 30,
The House met at twolve o clock, m. pi aver
by the Rev. Littleton* F. Morgan*.
TheJournal of yesterday was ieadandappro\ ed. ,
The SPEAKER. The first business m order ;
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being the ,
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill relating to the dis-
cipline in the Navy was rejected.
RESOLUTION FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. PENN, by unanimous consent, presented
a joint resolution from the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana, requesting Senators and Rep-
resentatives from that State to obtain from the
General Government permission in favor of the
corporation of the town of Baton Rouge to inclose
and use as a cemetery a portion of die grounds
attached to the United States barracks in that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NAVIGATION OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent to introduce a resolution. It
was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be and
is hereby requested to cause to be communicated to tins
House the original manuscript copy of the report (now on
file m the office of Colonel Long, ot fheTopogiaphieal En-
gineers) of Captain Thomas C. Cram, on the best mode of
improving the navigation of the Ohio'river at the falls at
Louisville, made 3d February, 18-11, with the original maps
accompanying the same, or a true copy of the said report
from the said original, and certified by Colonel Long to be
true.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that the Departments are
expected to keep the original copies of such docu-
ments themselves. It may be better to call for a
certified copy of the report.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Alabama, and the House, that the
original is now in possession of the topographical
engineer, and is in Cincinnati.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
accordingly introduced, and adopted.
RESOLUTIONS FROM THE STATE OF MAINE-
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a preamble and resolutions from
the Legislature of the State of Maine, settingforth
the abuses alleged to exist in the conveyance of
passengers in steam-boats between the Atlantic
ports and those of California; and requesting the
Senators and Representatives from that State to
procure the passage of such laws by Congress as
shall be best adapted to prevent these abuses in
future; which weie referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL*
Mr. BEALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present a report from the select
committee who were directed to examine the foun-
dation walls for the contemplated extension of the
Capitol. I ask that it may be read for informa-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Cannot the committees be
called, generally, this morning for reports?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, but
not otherwise. The Chair has already stated that
the regular business before the House is the mo-
tion to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill in reference to discipline
in the Navy was rejected. That is a privileged
question, and if any gentleman insists upon it,
committees cannot be called for reports.
Mr. STANLY. I insist that the House pro-
ceed to the regular order of business.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consam
of the House to present a petition from the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Ohio. I desire to have
it laid on the table and printed.
Mr. OLDS. That is not a resolution of the
Legislature of Ohio. It is a mere petition signed
by the members of that Legislature, and can He
presented under the rules as well as any other pe-
tition. I object to its introduction.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Would it be in order
to move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
The SPEAKER. It would be in order,
Mr. CABLE. I make that motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cable] will waive his
motion for the present. I desire the unanimous
consent to report, and have immediate action of
the House upon, a bill which proposes one single
amendment to the present passenger laws.
