14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
the Navy, hitherto so extravagant—when we
come to make appropriations for the Army, here-
tofore so imprudent and wasteful—when we come
to appropriate the vast sums annually appropri-
ated to carry on the machinery of this great Gov-
ernment, his voice will be heard ringing clear and
loud in favor of retrenchment and economy. I do
not understand the wisdom of that system of econ-
omy which " saves at the spigot and lets out at the
bung-hole"—the economy which would scruple at
a useful expenditure of a few dollars, and permit
millions to pass without discussion, and some-
times without even investigation. Look at the
enormous expenditures of the last two years!
Did our Whig friends then scruple to vote for the
recommendations of their Secretary? On the oon-
trary, they marched up in solid phalanx in sup-
port of them. This appropriation is a small mat-
ter, and it is vehemently resisted. I trust the
same zeal will manifest itself in behalf of economy
when larger matters shall come before us.
The resolution proposes to expend fifty dollars
to supply the members with newspapers. If it
were an hundred it would be profitably and use-
fully expended. The sum itself is scarcely enough
to pay for the daily papers of this city, which are
needed and'iised by each member, and we ought
not to be confined to this city. We need the com-
mercial and political intelligence derived from dis-
tant papers, to enable us to legislate wisely in
regard to the interests of this great people. I con-
fess, for one, sir, that I need the intelligence on the
subject of commerce, politics, and other matters
which other countries, and other portions of our
own country, furnish, to enable me to act intelli-
gently and wisely upon many subjects which will
come up for consideration in this House. Unlike
my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] I am not
ashamed to own that I need light, and that I will
be benefited by the intelligence which newspapers
will afford, 'the appropriation will be.useful to
me, to my constituents, and the country; and I
trust the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would not have
troubled the House further, had it not been for
what has fallen from my colleague, [Mr. Bowie.]
I have not offered anything extravagant. I do not
care if you do not take any papers at all. I am
willing to supply my own. You may cut off the
per diem—I will stand that. Take it all away, and
the mileage along with it.
[Cries of "Oh! no!" and laughter.]
Mr. EVANS. It does not make any difference
with me. It is well known by those who have
served in the House with me that I have been as
economical as other gentlemen. I do not know
how the gentleman voted upon a certain private
claim of $150,000. I know well enough I voted
against it. I have proposed to myself always a
sound economy; but I wish, if you pass this res-
olution subscribing for newspapers, that you shall
make it efficient to yourselves. After you amend
the resolution in that way, you may vote it down,
if you like. I am quite as ready as the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] or any other
gentleman, to subscribe for all my own papers.
Mr. CARTTER. If the object of this propo-
sition is based upon the necessity of increasing
the intelligence of this House, there is no doubt
that all need it; but the curiosity about the matter
is the source from which we are to draw this in-
telligence. What is to be the effect of this propo-
sition ? It is a subscription to the newspaper press
of the country—a newspaper press fed by the
proceedings of this body! And you propose to
give $50 to the newspaper press of this country
to secure this political intelligence, founded an the
news you furnish yourselves. This is the kind
of intelligence you propose to acquire. [Laughter.]
I apprehend this is a mere " scape-goat," to get
news to improve the heart. I think if you will
go into the Senate chamber and ascertain what
kind of food they feed their intellects upon, you
will find Godey's Lady's Book and Graham's
Magazine, and the other literary periodicals of the
day, franked to their wives and daughters and
sweethearts. [Laughter.] This, I apprehend, is
the cause of this great desire to acquire intelligence.
This will be the result of it. It is all a humbug !
Mr. BAYLY (interrupting) announced, that
the committee upon the part of the House to vrait
upon the President nf the United States and to
inform him that we were organized and ready to
receive any communication from him, had per-
formed that duty, and that the President had in-
formed them that he would make a communication
in writing immediately.
Mr. CARTTER continued. I would notobjectto
this acquirement of intelligence with a view of dis-
charging political duties; I would not object to the
appropriation, if it could be legitimately expended
for that end; but if this appropriation be made
to the extent recommended by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] and the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] it will but
bring back to this body the senseless scribbling of
a set of hired reporters within this Hall, the chief
part of whose employment is to draw the portrait-
ure of the members for pay. This is the kind
of political intelligence you will get; or the record
of the proceedings of some meeting, got up to or-
der—a beaf steak convention in the city of New
York, or Philadelphia, or Baltimore, to feed some
candidate into the Presidency. These things are
manufactured to order, and multiply just as often
as funds are furnished to purchase the steak with.
[A laugh.] Now, I do not feel the want of any
such intelligence; 1 would rather rely upon my in-
stincts, as the safest guides under the Constitution,
than upon intelligence of this kind. [Great laugh-
ter.] But this species of news does not come
from the West; it does not come from the interior
of the Union; it is fulminated to order in the cor-
rupt cities of the East, where the hired minions of
political ambition bring their brains into operation,
m order to reach public opinion in the interior.
Now, I am not in favor of pandering to any such
corruption. I have no candidate of my own for
the Presidency who needs any suc.h kind of fod-
der, [a laugh,] and I shall therefore be under the
necessity of voting against this resolution, al-
though t feel the want of intelligence as much as
any one.
Mr. CLARK. It is contended that the mere
amount of the appropriation contemplated in
this resolution is one of minor importance, and
perhaps it is so; bat the principles involved,
which form a part and parcel of a system of
extravagant expenditures I regard as worthy
of our consideration. I know that there are
those who regard economy in matters of this
kind, rather with contempt. This may be al-
lowed, so long as gentlemen are confined to the use
of their own money; but when they are about to
appropriate the money of others, I think they
should view the matter differently. We are here
about to appropriate the people's money, and in
doing so, we ought to have reference, not only to
our rights, which we may properly exercise, but
also to the feelings and wishes of the people
whose money we are to appropriate. I trust we
shall not transcend the rights with which we are
clothed in this matter; I trust we shall do nothing
which will prejudice the feelings of the people
against us. A less amount will be sufficient—
abundantly sufficient to supply all our wants. I
hope that an appropriation for a smaller amount
will prevail. I shall certainly vote for it.
Mr. SKELTON. It is with some degree of
reluctance that I have risen to address a few re-
marks to the House; but after the remarks just
made upon this floor, I deem it due, not only to
myself, but to the country, that I should take de-
cided ground in relation to this measure, not so
much in consequence of the amount involved in
the resolution—as the gentleman on my right [Mr.
Clark] has justly observed—as in consequence of
the principle involved in the question now present-
ed for our consideration. Now, I am here as an
individual, to represent honestly my constituents.
In doing so, I pledge myself, upon all occasions,
to vote for the strictest economy in the administra-
tion of the finances of our common country. In
conformity with that pledge, in order to be consist-
ent, I do not desire to commence with appropri-
ations to myself. I shall vote against receiving
anything in the shape of presents from this House.
I am unwillin'g to vote even for the small appro-
priations provided for in the resolution now under
consideration, not because I am not ready to re-
ceive instruction from the enlightened press of our
country; I have always made provision for receiv-
ing such instruction, and I have already provided
for myself during the present session. I have
subscribed for every weekly newspaper in my dis-
trict; I have subscribed for three daily papers, and
I am perfectly willing to pay for them out of my
per diem allowance>
Now, I trust we may be consistent with our-
selves; I hope we may enter upon the discharge of
our duties as representatives in this Hall, by advo-
cating economy in-the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment; and in carrying out this principle we
should begin with ourselves. Let it not be said
when we return to our homes, that we have eco-
nomically administered the affairs of our country
in all matters relating to others, but have departed
from the principle in regard to ourselves. I wish
to be consistent; and in order to be so, I desire to
say to my constituents, and to the country, once
for all, that I shall vote, on all occasions, against
all appropriations as presents to myself; and 1 shall
likewise vote for the most rigid economy in ad-
ministering the affairs of the Government. I hope
we shall reject the resolution.
Mr. HALL asked if it would now be in order
to move a substitute for the resolution ? He de-
sired to present precisely a copy of the resolution
adopted for several Congresses past.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. HALL. I then offer the following as a
substitute for the whole resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the
members'of this House, during the present session, such
papeis as they may direct, the expense thereof not to ex-
ceed the price of three daily papers to each member, from
the commencement of the session. *
Mr. CAMPBELL said that the time consumed
in the discussion would almost pay for the papers;
he therefore moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table.
The question was put, and the motion was re-
jected.
Mr. CAMPBELL then moved the previous
question.
Mr. FTCKLTN inquired what would be the
effect of the previous question if sustained?
The SPEAKER said, it would be to bring the
House to a direct vote first upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evaks,]
then upon the substitute of the gentleman from
Missouri, and then upon the original resolution.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. CLARK demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] and it was adopted—ayes 112, noes not
counted.
The question then recurred upon the adoption of
the substitute.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 107, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, Andrew*,
Ashe, Averett, T.H.Bavly, Bell, Bibighaus, Boeock, Bowie,
Bucll, Busby, Caldwell, Cartter, Clark, Cleveland, Ciing-
man,(/Olcock, Daniel, Dawson, Dockery, Duncan, Dtirkee,
Ea&lman, Edmund^on, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fitch,
Floyd, Fowler, Gavlord, Gentry, Green. Grey, Grow. Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, I sham 6. Harris, Sampson
W. Hams, Iiait, Has.e<UI, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks,
Henn, llibbard, Holladay, Houston, Thomas M. Howe,
Hunter, IngersolL Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James John-
son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
! Jones, J. Clancy Jone?, Preston King, Kurtz, Letchcr,
I Mason, McMulhn, McNair, Meacham, Meade, Miller,
| Millson, Molony, Morehead, Murphv, Nabers, Peaslee,
j Penn, Penniman, Pcrkuio, Phelps, Poik, Porter, Rantoul,
I Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Savage, Ongen S. Sey-
! mour, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stone, Stuart,
| George W. Thompson, Toombs, Townshend, Walbridge,
i Wa&libum, Watkms, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Wil-
[ cox, Wiidrick, Woodward, and Yates—107.
I NAYS—Messrs. Chailes Allen, Willis Allen. John
| Appleton, William Appleton, Barrere, David I. Bailey,
! Bennett, Bowne, Bragg, Breckenridge, Brenton, Briggs,
i Brooks, Burrows, Burt, 'Cabell, Cable, Lewis D. Camp-
! bell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chnstam,
J ChurehwelljCobb, Conger, Cottman, Curtis, Geo. T. Davis,
I John G. Davis, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Edgerton,
j Evans, Florenee, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Haws,
J IIiHyei, Horsfoid, J. W. Howe, T. Y. How, Jenkins,Daniel
I T. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Lockhart, Mace, Mann,
1 Edward C. Marshal!, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Mc-
i Covkle, McDonald, McLanahan,'Miner, Henry D. Moore,
Momson, Murray, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Price, Robie, Ross, Russell,
Saekett, Schermerhorn. Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scud-
der, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard If. Stanton, A. II Stephens, Stratton,
Sutherland, Sweetser. Taylor, Benj. B. Thompson, Thurs-
ton, Tuck, Venable, Walsh, Ward, and Williams—98.
So the substitute was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution, as amended.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
