926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I will state,, that passenger-ships are constantly
arriving in this country loaded with many passen-
gers, and there are great violations of the laws
passed for preserving the health of the passengers.
This is particularly true in relation to emigrant
There is now a bill upon your table which has
been there almost from the commencement of the
session, reported by the Committee on Commerce,
but we have been unable to reach it. In the mean
time, the Senate have perfected a bill which an-
swers the same purpose. The whole purport of
the bill is, to make the penalty which attaches to
the violation of the law attach to the ship, and
thus enable the law to be enforced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. * I rise io a ques-
tion of order. I ask jrwhat is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cable] moves that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. It is not in order for the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Seymour] to make a
speech upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York appealed to the gentleman from Ohio to with-
draw his motion, and, by the unanimous consent,
was proceeding to give his reasons for the request-.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I desire to ask
of the Chair whether, if this motion is voted down,
the unfinished business of yesterday will not then
come up ?
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order.
Mr. STANTON. Then I hope the motion will
be voted down.
The question was then taken and agreed to—
ayes 74, noes not counted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 7, being a bill to
encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every -man who is at the head of a family and a
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultiva-
tion of the same for the period herein specified;
upon which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pul-
ler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the per-
mission of my friend from Maine [Mr. Fuller]
to make a single explanation ?
Mr. FULLER. I will yield if the gentleman
will not take up much of my time.
Mr. BfiOWN". Only a moment.
Mr. BROWN, then said that several days ago
one of his colleagues (Mr. Freeman) asked leave
to publish (without delivering) a speech in reply
to one which he (Mr. Brown) had made in this
Hall. As the subject was one which did not
interest the House, and as he did not desire to
occupy an hour of the time of the Mouse, he
wished to give notice that, following the example
of his colleague, he should publish a rejoinder to
the speech referred to, if there was no objection.
[Cries of " Agreed," " agreed."]
[The speech alluded to will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maine, I desire to
offer an amendment to the lust section of the bill.
I ask that the first section may be read.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Be it enacted, $c., That every man or widow who is the
head of a family, and a native-born citizen of the United
States, or who had become a citizen as required by the nat-
uralization Jaws of the United States pnoi to the first day
of January, eighteen hundred ami fifty-Hvo, who is not the
owner of any land, nor worth the sum of $500, and who
has not disposed of his or her land foi the purpose of obtain-
ing thp benefit of the provisions of this act, shall, from and
after the passage of this act, be entitled to enter, free of
cast, one quarter section of vacant and unappropriated pub-
lic land*, or a quantity equal thereto, to be located m a
body, in conformity with the legal subdivisions of the pub-
lic lands, and after the same shall have been surveyed.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I can get the ear of the
House, I desire to offer an amendmentto that sec-
tion. It will beperceived that in that section there
i« a restriction which requires the individual enter-
ing upon the public domain, under the provisions
of this bill, shall be worth a sum not exceeding
&500. Now, I want to offer.a section in lieu of
that section, which permits a man to enter on the
land without regard to property qualification,
without any qualification save that he shall occupy
the same for five years. I know there is a contra-
riety of opinion in this House upon this point;
and I want simply to test the two provisions, and
have the judgment of the House upon them. I
offer the following in lieu of the first section of the
bill:
That any person who is the head of a family, and a native-
born citizen of the United States, or any person who is the
head of a family, and had become a citizen prior to the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and tifty-two, as required
by the naturalization laws of the United States, shall, trom
and after the passage of this act, be entitled to enter, fiec
of cost, one quarter section ot vacant and unappropriated
public lands, or a quantity equal thereto, to be located m a
body, in conformity with the legal subdivisions of the pub-
lic lands, and after the same shall have been surveyed.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine, then proceeded to
urge some objections to the principles contained
in the bill, remarking that he regarded it as ille-
gal, unjust, and partial in its provisions, and, if
he were before a tribunal differently constituted,
he would premise his remarks by a motion to
dismiss this bill. This right of partition, for so
he must term it, was introduced by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] and report-
ed back from the Committee on Agriculture with
sundry amendments. Hedenied the title of these
partitioners, either in law or equity, and the right
of this Governmentto makepartitions. Hedenied
that this Government held the public domain by
such a tenure as was susceptible of such partition
as was here asked for. He asked by what right,
by what title-deed, a certain specified class of per-
sons, aliens, foreigners, or American citizens of
limited age, of particular condition in domestic and
pecuniary affairs, should come here and ask this
Government gratuitously to assign and set out to
them in severalty, by metes and bounds, any por-
tion of the public domain, the common property
of the people of the United States, to the exclusion
of a much greater portion, having equal rights
and equal privileges? Nay, more, a class of per-
sons such as might casually happen to come within
the provisions of this bill on the first day of Jan-
uary, 1852, and for the remaining three hundred
and sixty-four days of the current year, there
would be falling under each day a class of persons
equally entitled to the beneficence of this Govern-
ment.
If there was any subject of legislation on which
the American people were more tenacious than an-
other, it was against any principle of legislation
which made an invidious distinction in the'bestow-
ment ofgovernmental favors, pensions, and patron-
age. The axiom was true, and applicable to
American citizens, that the blessings of Govern-
ment, like the dews of heaven, should fall equally
upon all.
lie was opposed to the thousand and one
| schemes now pending before Congress, by which
to rid the General Government, in the shortest
possible time, of the public domain; and held that
the old land system, which had been in force for
thirty years past, was the best system which the
wit and.wisdom of man had yet devised.
He then proceeded to sustain the following prop-
ositions: First, that the public lands should be
disposed of for the common use and benefit of all
the people of the United States, as one people;
second, that each State should participate in the
common benefits, in proportion to the expenses of-
the Government which they are required to bear;
and, third, that the public lands shall not be dis-
posed of for any other use and purpose whatever.
Mr. CHURCH WELL, after briefly replying
to the gentleman who preceded him in debate,"said
he had looked at the different plans to dispose of
the public lands, in both branches of Congress, and
none struck him with so much force and favor as
that of his colleague, [Mr. A.Johnson.] It is
calculated to advance the interests of the Govern-
ment, of individuals, and of society, and elevate
the moral nature of man. It is a liberal and be-
nevolent system. He might be told that all will
not need its provisions, and therefore it has an un-
equal operation. But is it not apparent to all that
the wheel of fortune is constantly turning? A
man to-day may'be in sunshine, to-morrow m the
shade. But this is a great scheme for the benefit of
] humanity throughout the world. To improve the
j moral nature and condition of man, give him a
j homestead, better his estate, and give him the in-
dependence of a landed proprietor, that he may look
up with all the proud feeling of a man. He can cast
his vote for whom he -will. You do away, to a
great extent, with the corrupting moneyed influ-
ences of the country. You puthim on an equality
with his more favored fellow-citizens; you better
his condition in every sense of the word. And not
only this, but you give him the means of support-
ing his family, and educating his children, and
preparing them for all the ordinary duties of life.
And, in conclusion, the honorable gentleman fur-
ther showed the advantages which would result
from the passage of this bill, in a commercial as
well as defensive point of view.
Mr. GROW" denied the position that the Gov-
ernment had any right to make the public lands a
source of revenue, and argued to prove that every
citizen had as natural a right to the soil, as he
had to air and sunlight. Each person had a right
to so much of the earth's surface as was necessary
to his support. He contended that, as a question
of revenue, it became important to the Govern-
ment to make this donation of land, and that it
would contribute to the increase of national as well
as domestic wealth, to the defense of the country,
and to commerce. He considered it the duty of
Congress to hold out a reasonable inducement for
the settlement of the public lands. Every consid-
eration of justice and humanity demanded that
they should be granted in limited quantities to ac-
tual settlers, and that man should have restored to
him his natural right to the soil.
Mr. SKELTON gave the reasons which induced
him to support the bill under consideration. He
believed that the true principle of this Government
is to afford the largest exercise of liberty consistent
with the public safety. This distinguishes us from
the Governments of other countries, where citizen-
ship is swallowed up in natiouality. On the basis
of the largest constitutional freedom peculiarly
rests the prosperity of our country; and this is
directly opposite to socialism and aggrananism,
which he utterly repudiated. The time has arrived
when some disposition of the public domain ought
to be made to*benefit our citizens generally, in view
of the fact that there are projects of railroad com-
panies pending, covering about thirty millions of
acres of land. And a reason why he would vote
for this bill was, that it would not only confer a
positive good, but will prevent the passage of other
schemes, hurtful in themselves. He expressed
his surprise that some of his Democratic friends
should advocate bills to build up such institutions.
He then argued that the public lands are in the
possession of the General Government, to be dis-
posed of for the public benefit, and contended that
this bill secures this desirable end.
[These several speeches will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. WILLIAMS obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. FOWLER, who moved that the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee accord ingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly the home-
stead bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "An
act to authorize the issuing of a register to the
brig America;" and " An act to authorize the is-
suing of a register to the ship Kossuth;" which
received the signature of the Speaker.
On motion by Mr. HOWARD, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
and papers of George W. Me(Jeren from the files of the
House, for the purpose of reference to the Secretary of
War.
j Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
i House to have the bill for the punishment of mis-
demeanors in the Navy, which was under consid-
eration on yesterday, printed.
There was no objection, and the bill for estab-
lishing discipline in the Navy was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the unani-
mous consent of thp House to have the substitute
proposed by my colleague to the bill under con-
