1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
July 15,
any number of companies which lie may (teem necessary
for the protection of (lie frontier of said State, not exceed-
ing five in all,to be in all respects mounted, organized, and
equipped,to consist of the szyne number of officers, non-
commissioned officer^ and privates, to receive the same:
pay and emoluments, to serve under the same limitations
for the same teim, and to be subject in all respects to the
same rules and regulations as already provided by this act
in the case of the Texan rangers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The question will then be on agree-
ing to the amendment proposed by the committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am informed that the read-
ing of the. report of the Committee on Military
Affairs will greatly facilitate the passage of this
bill. I wish the report may be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Let the report
be read.
It was read accordingly; from which it appears
that the state of'affairs on the Rio Grande frontier
is of the most deplorable character. Pillage, rob-
bery, and murder are of such frequent occurrence
as to render life and property altogether insecure;
and unless immediate steps be taken to arrest the
evil, there is reason to apprehend that it will end
in an atrocious and vindictive border warfare in
that region of our country.
The committee, without deeming it material to
inquire into the causes which have produced these
outrages, or to specify particulars, declare that it
is a matter of public notoriety, that the present
condition of the Texan frontier is such as to re-
quire the immediate attention of the Government.
*1 he mixed character of the population on the Rio
Grande frontier, differing in habits, manners, and
language, naturally leads to dissensions, and as the
American settlements on the Rio Grande are sparse
and defenseless, adequate protection cannot be
furnished by the civil authorities, aided byasmall
and insufficient force along such a vast extent of
country. Protection can only be afforded by a
strong force of mounted riflemen, such as was
used in a similar case by the Republic of Texas.
An equal necessity seems to exist for the em-
ployment of a similar force in California. A large
portion of the population of this State,-from the
nature and variety of their pursuits, are scattered
over the frontier and exposed to Indian hostilities.
It is not to be expected that a small regular mili-
tary force could furnish adequate protection
throughout the whole extent of the California
frontier; and besides, experience shows that the
temptation to desertion is so great, that the regu-
lar military force cannot be relied on for adequate
frontier protection m that State. Mounted ran-
gers seem to be best calculated for such irregular
and anomalous border service, until such time as a
change in the condition of things in these Slates
may render a small regular force sufficient for their
protection.
The measure here recommended will enable the
President to call out this force as circumstances
may render it necessary;; and if, upon full trial, it
be found efficient, he will be able to withdraw, at
his discretion, a large portion of the regular force
from California and Texas, and concentrate the
same m New Mexico and Utah, and on the great
lines of travel between the Mississippi valley and
Pacific coast.
This disposition of the military force of the
country will afford additional, and it is to be hoped*
adequate, protection to the inhabitants of these
Territories, and to emigrants crossing the conti-
nent; and will, besides, contribute to diminish the
enormous expense of maintaining a multitude of
email military posts—policed rather than garri-
soned by military detachments, wholly insufficient
to overawe the Indians or to protect the inhabit-
ants.
With a view, therefore, to preserve peace with
a neighboring Republic, to prevent a lawless
border warfare, and to afford such protection to
our frontier settlers as their present defenseless
situation so urgently requires, the committee re-
ported back the bill, with an amendment designed
to accomplish these desirable objects.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
was reported to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. The compensation which is al-
lowed to the men 1 think is entirely too small. It
is only $22 50 per month; and it is well known
that, so far as my State is concerned, we cannot
secure the services of mounted rangers with their j
own horses at that rate of compensation. We
give to common soldiers there $15 a month, These
men are to beout m the bush; they are to find*their
own horses and equipments, and it will be impos-
sible to execute this law, unless you increase the
compensation. I therefore move that the compen-
sation be at least fifty per cent. above^fcat- pro-
posed in the bill.
Mr.' SHIELDS. I hope the Senator from
California will not persist in urging "this amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I have prepared an amendment,
which I now offer. It is to insert in the eighth
line of the ninth section, after the word u emol-
uments," the words iS with an addition of fifty
per'cent. for two years and." The section, as thus
amended, will then read:
Sec. 9. J3nd be it further enacted. That the President is
also authorized to call upon the Governor of California for
any number of companies which he may deem necessary
for the piotectiori of the frontier of said State, not exceed-
ing five m all, to be in all respects mounted, organized, and
equipped, to consi>t of the same number of offieeis, non-
commissioned officers, and privates, to receive the same pay
and emoluments, with an addition of fifty per cent, for two
years, and to seive under tiie same limitation? for the same
term, and to be subjectin all respects to the same rules and
regulations,, as already provided by this act in the case of
the Texan rangeis.
Mr. SHIELDS. By the terms of the bill these
men are to 'be employed but one year. If the
force be found sufficient, and if it answer th^ pur-
pose, the President can continue it pehap? for
two years. Consequently the amendment i* ob-
jectionable on that ground. But there is another
consideration. The same principle applies to all
the troops serving in California. 1 presume the
allowance made to t^he troops in California is
wholly inadequate; but there has been no legisla-
tion giving additional pay to any of the regular
troops. The legislation that took place on that
subject has expired, and I think it would be unfair
to give this additional pay to this force and not to
the regular troops also serving in the same coun-
try and under the same circumstances. And t
may as well state here as at any time, that we
considered this force, which is to consist of about
five hundred men, to be the cheapest, as well as
the best kind of force that can be employed on
that frontier; and that although the monthly pay
is much greater than that of the regular troops—
the latter receiving only eight dollars per month,
and these twenty-two and a half dollars per
month—yet as they will furnish their own horses
and clothing, and as they will present themselves
organized and ready for reception into service, we
find them much cheaper than any regular forces
raised in any portion of the country and trans-
ported to the frontier. I could go into the items
and give every item of expense, but I presume it
is unnecessary. The chief expense arises in the
first place in the recruiting; next, in the contracts
in relation to horses and equipage, in contracts
for clothing, in transportation from the East to the
West, and in the casualties accompanying that
transportation; for the loss by casualties attend-
ing the transportation of horses, in most cases,
amounts to twenty-five percent. I find this is the
most effective and at tne same time the cheapest
force that can be employed on the fronier.
Now I suppose that no man who has watched
the state of things on the Rio Grande, does not
see the necessity of some additional protection,
not only to our own people, but that species of
protection which, by our treaty stipulations, we
are bound to give to the Mexican people on the
soil which we have acquired. If this force does
not accomplish it, I cannot, for my life, devise
any scherfie by which it can be done; for 1 take it
for granted that the character of the men who pre-
sent themselves, thus armed and equipped at their
own expense, will be far superior to that of men
recruited about the recruiting stations. I am also
satisfied that the men who reside in, and are ac-
quainted with the country, with the Indians, and
the Mexicans, if they are the right sort of men,
will be much more efficient, and a more valuable
force for the protection of the frontier, than any
men sent from the East.
I will say nothing as to the necessity for such
protection. I presume that the Senate admits that;
Dut I will say that on the Rio Grande, from its
mouth to the Paso del Norte, we are on the eve of
one of the most nefarious border wars that any
country ever engaged in; it will be distinguished
by murder and robbery in every degree. It is
too frequently the case, and, in saying this, I feel
that Senators who are acquainted with that coun-
try will bear Me witness, that the guilty there
escape the punishment of their crimes, and the
innocent suffer., For instance, a murder is com-
mitted on the American side of the river, and the
guilty parties escape to the-mountains, perhaps
to the wotfds; the next day the party that sets put
in pursuit of the murderers, find it impossible to
arrest them, but wreak their vengeance on the in-
nocent. That is the state of things now on the -
Rio Grande. I wish I could impress on the people
there the necessity of keeping sacred faith with
the Mexicans; every consideration of duty, of
policy, and of magnanimity, should make them
do so.
I take it for granted that if five hundred well--
selected, intelligent men were raised and embodied
in Texais, that we shall hear nothing more of filli-
bustiering and Caravajalling. 1 think that if such
a force had existed Caravajal would never have
shown his face on the American side of the Rio
Grande.
Now, as I remarked, from the calculations I
have made, it seems that this force will cost
0531,821 a year; a regular force of mounted men,
enlisted regularly, at the same pay as regular
troops, and sent there, would cost the Govern-
ment $752,735 the first year, and for the second,
and each subsequent year, would cost $437,035.
As I have already stated, the expense is incurred
here, not on the frontier; in your contracts, in the
transportation of men and horses from the East,
from Maine and Massachusetts, to California;
whereas this bill provides the means for obtaining
the men, together with their horses and clothing,
on the spot. The men provide their own horses
and their own clothing, consequently the only ex-
pense to the Government, is for the forage for the
horses, and for the pay and rations of the men.
Now, with regard to the amendment offered by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] my im-
pression is, that there is a necessity for an increase
of pay in the whole ofthat State; but the increase
should be equal; it should apply to the regulars,
as well as to the volunteers, and the Committee
on Military Affairs has that matter under consid-
eration, and intend to bring in a general bill on
the subject. I think, therefore, it'would not be
advisable to introduce the subject into the present
bill.
Mr. GWIN. As the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has stated that the com-
mittee intend to report a general bill giviifg in-
creased compensation to the army and officers in
the State of California, that will answer the pur-
pose of my amendment. The increased compen-
sation which I propose should be in operation for
two years. My proposition was to increase it
fifty per cent, within that period. I am quite of
opinion that the compensation should be increased,
and on the assurance which has just been given
to the Senate by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the bill came from the
House it only provided for the Territories of New
Mexico and Oregon. It said nothing in regard to
Utah. I presume that that was done on the as-
sumption that the Mormons were able to protect
themselves; but on mature consideration it seems
to me to be better that we should legislate equally
as to all, and that the Territory of Utah should
be included with the Territories of New Mexico
and Oregon. I will state that by this bill the
Presidentof the United States has the power either
to call out the troops in these Territories or not, as
the necessities of the case may appear to require.
If there be no necessity to call thern out, of course
he will not do so. And if there should unfor-
tunately be such a necessity, then he can call
them out iu proportion to such necessity.
In relation to the remark of the honorable Sen-
ator from California, that if these troops that are
thus to be raised in Texas and California should
not accomplish the object for which they are de-
signed, I trust the President will disband them at
once—and particularly in Texas. If the troops
thus raised do not prevent these outrages on the
Rio Grande, and if it is found that after they are
raised these outrages continue, and that the Amer-
icans go to the other side of the Rio Grande and
aid Mexicans to violate the laws of Mexico, I
should be quite willing,1 for one, to call upon the
President to disband them at once. I trust, how-
ever, to the honor and the character of the men;
