1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
and I trust something to the Slate of Texas, too, j
for she has more interest than any other-portion ;!
of the country in putting down the paltry and in- t|
significant warfare that is going on, and which is jl
as disgraceful to our country as it is injurious to '
the country on the other side. But while I say \\
that, I must also say for our own side, that there j|
is now on the Mexican side a large body of Mex- '!
ican troops—if troops they can be called, which :
receive no pay—for the Government of Mexico is I
too poor to pay them—and they may be consid- j
ered as half soldiers and half brigands—these men j
are necessary to protect our people against that !
class. _ € j
Mr. RUSK. The troops provided for by this -
bill, which I think is about the best that could }
have been provided, have been called for by the |
President of the United States. The Mexicans'
have on the opposite side several thousand troops
at Matamoros.* Our own forces during the time j
of the filibustering affair were not more than about '
twenty. We have a custom-house in which are j
deposited large stores of goods, and, I believe,
there is not a single soldier at the place. In an- j
other part of the country, where the Camanches ;
cross for the purpose of committing depiedations, i
I think there have been two broken companies. (
At Priso del .Norte there was a station, at which ;
there were some hundred soldiers. The com- 1
mander of that portion of them used to be attached [
to the ninth military division includingNew Mex- j
ico. The commander removed the soldiers from
that station, and they have no soldiers there now |
at all. 1
In regard to the apprehension which might be :
entertained from these troops entering into any
collision with Mexico, I think there need be none
at all. I am very sure that if there had been two
hundred Texan rangers upon that frontier during
the time of Caravajal's operations there, none of
it would have been heard of. Previous to the
time that Caravajal commenced his hostilities, the
citizens of Texas, scattered up and down the
towns on the Rio Grande, were enjoying a trade i
of some two or three millions of dollars annually,
a profitable trade with Mexico;and that trade, by
the operations of Caravajal, a man totally desti-
tute of character, has been entirely broken up. If
the citizens of Texas had been in sufficient num-
bers theie,thev would have stopped his operations;
and I have no' doubt that if two hundred soldiers
had been there, none of those depredations would
have been committed. The presence of two hun- j
d red Texan rangers would mend the manners of the
Mexicans speedily; for they have some occasion
to entertain considerable respect for that class of
troops, with whom they have heretofore had some
little acquaintance. They would effectually pre-
serve peace on that frontier.
The amendments made to the bill, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, were concurred in by the
Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill in its present form
provides only for the distribution of arms among
the people of the States of Texas, and California,
and the Territories of New Mexico and Oregon.
I move to amend it by inserting "Utah" after
" New Mexico," so that it will read: "That the
President of the United States be, and he is here-
by, authorized to cause arms to be distributed
among such portions of the inhabitants of New
Mexico, Utah, Oregon," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, the resolution
introduced by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Weller,] for the appointment of a
select committee to investigate the charges pre- !
ferred against the Commissionerupon the Mexican j
boundary was the made special order for to-day. j
The honorable Senator from California himself ,
designated to-day; but he is not here, and I should :
be very unwilling to proceed with the discussion ,
in his absence. There is some evidence now ,
being prepared in regard to the subject which is i
not yet fully completed; I therefore move that the
resolution be taken up in order, that its further
consideration may be postponed until Wednesday
next.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution until Wednes-
day next, and make it the special order for that
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must object to making this
resoluti^T the special order fur Wednesday, as
such a proposition was strenuously resisted m re-
gard to a bill which I have been urging, and which
stands postponed to the day previous to that
named by the honorable Senator.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not insist upon that
part of the motion with regard to making the res-
olution the special order; but simply move that
its further consideration be postponed till Wed-
nesday next.
The motion was agreed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 15, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterd ay was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is House bill No. 271, " granting the right of way
and a portion of the public lands to the Slates of
Florida and Alabama for the construction of cer-
tain railioads in said State."
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit a resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to iuqune into the expediency ot establishing one
or more additional land offices in Minnesota, and providing
for the appointment of a surveyor general tor saidTeiu-
tory, and that said committee report by bill or otherwise. j
The question was then taken, and the resolu- ;
tion was adopted. „ \
Mr. MACE. On yesterday, when the Collins j
line appropriation was up, and my name was !
called, 1 stated that I would not vote because 1 had '
paired off with Mr. Bennett, of New York. 1
was opposed to the appropriation. The matter
was omitted by the Reporters.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon com-
mitting the bHI to the Committee of the Whole on j
the state of the Union. i
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. That motion was j
made with a view of preventing the bill from going j
upon the Speaker's table. The bill has been fre-
quently under consideration, and I do not propose
now to make a long speech in favor of it. 1 will
merely call the attention of the House to the fact
that this bill, which is now under consideration,
was the first bill of the kind ever introduced into
Congress. As far back as 1836, a Dill of this kind
was reported to this House, and passed the Senate,
and has continued to pass the Senate from year to
year.
Other States have availed themselves of the sug-
gestion or plan proposed by the Pensacola Rail-
road Company to induce the General Government
to aid in the construction of railroads passing
through the public lands by a grant of the alter- >
nate sections of land on either side, and two States !
hav-e been more fortunate than the State of Florida ;
in inducing the Committee on Public Lands to j
report their bills in advance of others, which have ;
passed both Houses of Congress and become laws. ,
Signal benefits have thus been conferred on the ;
States of Illinois and Missouri, in the Northwest. ;
We now ask a similar act of justice and liberality :
for my section of the Union, the extreme South-
; east. The bill under consideration provides for a
j road from the town of Pensacola, in Florida, to
! Montgomery, in Alabama, about one hundred and
: fifty miles in length. If gentlemen will refer to
j the documents upon the subject, they will find
i that this verjr road has been recommended from
1 time to time by the War Department as absolutely
S essential to the protection of the town of Pensa-
cola. There is between that town and the popu-
lous parts of Alabama, and other sections of the
country, a wilderness of some sixty or seventy
miles, which separates that place from the rest of
mankind. It has been deemed by the Depart-
ment, as you will see by referring to the reports
of the engineers, that in order to give security to
the public works at Pensacola, which have already
cost the Government millions of dollars, it is ab-
solutely essential that some means of transporta-
tion be afforded for the troops and munitionsof
war essential to the protection of such important
national interests. There is, at present, no means
of getting to Pensacola except by sea. It is men-
tioned in one of these reports that during the difH*
culties on the Canada frontier some years ago,
the British Government transferred their naval
station from Halifax to Bermuda, some two hun-
dred and eighty miles from Charleston. They
are, as you know, already in possession of the
Island of Jamaica, and we can imagine what will
be the situation of this country and the condition
of the inestimably valuable commerce passing
around the capes of Florida, if we have not some
strong point upon the Gulf of Mexico which is
accessible to our troops and munitions of war.
It has been very properly and wisely said by a
committee of a former Congress, to whom this
subject was referred, thatwithoutan easy, rapid,
< and safe railway communication to the interior,
' all their money, and all the national considera-
' tions which dictated the purchase of Florida
i with a view of obtaining Pensacola for a naval
* depot, will result in so much benefit conferred pn
' any great naval Power with which we may here-
' after happen to be at war." In this connection
I ask the attention of the House to a few extracts
from the reports of Colonel Totten, Chief of the
Engineer Department:
In his report to the Secretary of War, dated
Novembers, 1843, he says:
'•The fortifications of this harbor, at the present mo-
ment, so far us the works themselves are concerned, con-
stitute a formidable and efficient array of strength; and,
within two or three yeais, the entire system of local de-
fense will be completo, excepting only Mich auxiliary means
as may, without danger, be len to be executed when about
to be needed.
'• But there are other considerations connected with the
secmity of thi> great haibnr, which are independent of
mere defenses, whether naval or military; such, I mean,
a* relate to a safe and easy communication with the sources
of supply and relief. These are of mora than common
interes-r heie, because any enemy thati-lmuld be able to test
the arrangements for defence would, in doing so, complete-
ly cut off all the existing channels of communication.
This isolated position of Pensacola, in reference to any
productive or populous region, is it< peculiar disadvantage;
which has all along been kept in view by those connected
with the defensive prepaiation®, and by them ba<? been re- .
peatedly presented to the notice of the Government.
"There was a time when private enterprise seemed
about to connect ilu> mere hatboi of lefutje into one oflhe
great entrepots of western commerce, by opening a direct
and speedy communication with the interior; but, fince
the failure or postponement of tbathope, the extent to which
the General Government may, in such a case, interfere to
carry out enterprises having such an object, would seem to
have become a very important question.' ■
In his report dated November 30,1844, Colonel
Totten uses the following language:
" Pensacola hat bor, Florida.—I beg leave to refer to pre-
vious reports from thi< office for strong expressions of opin-
ion a<; to the value of this harbor to the nation, and the
impoitance to the large public interest already established
theietn, of opening direct communication with the interior.
The woiks of defense, m chaise of this department, have
been improved to the extent adrnissible#nth the funds at
command, and are now in progress of such improvement.
Some furthei aid will be needed, as stated in the following
reports on the particular works."
Colonel Totten, in his report dated November
1,1845, uses the following emphatic expressions
in regard to the necessity of a communication to
the interior from Pensacola:
"Now that the defences of thi<? harbor are in acondition
of efficiency, inviting the report thither for shelter, in time
of war, of ve^els of every description, and warranting any
extension which it inavbe deniable to give to amusements
for their repair, reuquipment, and refreshment, it appeals
to be quite impoitantto look to the means of getting ac-
cess to the productive and populous interior districts. The
sterihtvof the region contiguous to Pensacola is the only
defect which its'harbor has aa naval station or a point
of rendezvous ; but this defect may be a veuy serious one
in ceitdin moment<, and invites, therefore, the particular
attention of the Government. It is presumed, that if nO
oppoitunitv be afforded foi tin* National Government to act
directly m the matter, any private enterprises, tending to
remove this difficulty, will be eagerly patronized  
In his report dated 10th November, 1846, he
ao\iin calls attention to this subject, and says:
" I have so often, in my annual reports, invited the atten-
tion of the Government to the importance of this harbor for
national purpose®, and t> the need of opening a communi-
cation with the rich count) y of the Norths and shall, there-
fore, on these subjects, now restrict myseifto referring back
to these communications."
There are many other reasons which I could
i give in favor of this road, but I am satisfied if I
