1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
siderauon in the Committee of the Whole upon i
the state of the Union to-day printed. '
There was no objection, and the substitute was j
ordered to be printed. 1
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous j
consent, it was 1
Oulered, That the petition and papers of Elizabeth Mc- !
Douaal be withdrawn from the files of the House, and re- ;
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. :
Mr. CLARK. I move the usual resolution,
that debate upon the question now the special !
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state i
of the Union be terminated within two hours after
its consideration shall be again resumed. Pend-
ing which,
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, the House J
then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 31, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS] ETC.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial of citizens :
of Hillsborough county, Florida, remonstrating 1
against the fuither extension of Woodworth's I
patent for a planing machine-, which was referred ;
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of- |
fice. I
Also, the memorial of Henry Johnson, asKing j
the appointment of a committee to examine a ;
machine invented by him for taking the yeas and .
nays; which was referred to the Committee on j
Patents and the Patent Office. j
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of forty |
stone-masons, lately employed on the extension of j
the Capitol, praying to be allowed their daily j
wages for the time they have lost in wailing for !
an appropriation for the continuation of the work;
which was referred to the Committee on Public ,
Buildings. ;
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Pittsfield, Vermont, praying that the public lands ;
may he granted in limited quantities to actual set- i
tiers; which was referred to the Committee on -
Public Lands. j
Mr. DAWSON presented two petitions ofciti- i
zens of De Kalb county, and of Hancock county, !
Georgia, remonstrating against the extension of;
Woodworth'spatentforaplaningmachine; which j
were referred to the Committee on Patents and the |
Patent Office. |
Also, a letter from P. K. Dickinson & Co., of !
the State of North Carolina, remonstrating against ;
an extension of Woodworth's patent for a planing j
machine; which was referred to the Committee on I
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of John James Flournoy, of
Georgia, praying that the weight of single letters
may not be restricted to half an ounce; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. i
Mr. DAWSON. I am also requested to pre- [
sent a petition from the same individual, remou- !
strating against the admission of Utah as a State j
into the Union, alleging that the Mormon religion, j
especially that principle recognizing polygamy, is ,
not republican equality; and that the Constitution, |
in authorizing the admission of a State, demands
that its constitution should in its form be republi-
can. 1 ask that it be referred to the Committee
on the Territories.
It was so referred.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Lucy i
Tate, widow of an officer in the revolutionary ;
war, praying a pension; which was referred to the ;
Committee on Pensions. j
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Dinah ;
Mount, widow of a soldier in the revolutionary j
wor, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Francis Dainese, United !
States Consul at Constantinople, praying to be
reimbursed an amount expended for the relief of;
Louis Kossuth, and other refugees, in that city, !
during the years 1849, 1850, and 1851; which was i
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a petition of J. C. ,
Phillips and others, citizens of New Jersey, pro- :
test in" Against the armed intervention of Russia «
in the contest between Hungary and Austria, and
requesting Congress to express their reprobation (
of that violation of the laws of nations. I move |
that it be laid upon the table. I
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of James
Reed, praying the appointment of a tribunal to
review the decisions of the late board of commis-
sioners for settling claims of American citizens
against Mexico; which was referred to the select
committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of one hun-
dred and eighteen citizens of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying the right of way and a
donation of land to the Mississippi, Ouachita, and
Red River Rdilroad Company; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Charles
Stearns, praying indemnity for expenses incurred
in defending a suit brought, as he alleges, without
cause, against him and others by the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SPRUANCE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kent county, Delaware, remonstrating
against the further extension of Woodworth's pat-
ent for a planing machine; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition of seamen
of the Navy, who have served both at sea and on
land during the Mexican war, representing that
they have shared the dangers and privations of the
Army, without sharing the benefits bestowed upon
it, and praying some emolument; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
James Jones, praying permission to change the en-
try of a certain quarter section of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I have a me-
morial upon a very interesting and important sub-
ject from G. & J. H. Shoenberger& Co., of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, and of Henry King&. Alonzo
Hitchcock, of St. Louis, Missouri. They repre-
sent that they have acquired the art or process of
manufacturing the article known as Russia sheet
iron. By the patent laws they cannot obtain a
patent for it, because they use the same process
which is used in manufacturing it in Russia.
They ask that an act of Congress may be passed
to grant to them, for a limited time, the exclusive
right of manufacturing and vending this aiticle,
so that they may bring it into fair competition with
Russia sheet iron. 1 move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill allowing
exchanges of, and granting additional school lands
in the several States which contain public lands,
and for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to release from reservation,
and restore to the mass of public lands, certain
lands in the State of Arkansas, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorials of
A. W. Paul and others, and of A. Anderson and
others, praying the construction of roads from the
Missouri river, and fiom Lake Michigan to the
Pacific, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that they be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Orris
Crosby, praying an increase of pension; and the
petition of the legal representatives of Lemuel P.
Montgomery, praying a pension to which he was
entitled, presented adverse reports thereon; which
were ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the documents in support of the claim \\
of Agatha O'Brien, widow of the late Major J. P. ;>
J. O'Brien, United StatesArmy, asked to be dis- :
charged from the further consideration thereof;-
which was agreed to. ;j
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- ■:
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the j|
merchants of San Antonio, Texas, praying that ji
that place may be made a port of entry, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of; which was agreed to.
SETTLERS OJST MENOMONEE PURCHASE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred a petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, reported a bill to grant to
certain settlers on the Menomonee purchase, north
of Fox river, in the State of Wisconsin, the right
of preemption; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr DODGE, of .Iowa. Thia case is a very
urgent one. This bill met the unanimous sanc-
tion of the Committee on Public Lands, and I ask
the Senate to do me the favor of allowing the bill
to be read a second time now, so that it may be
considered immediately. *
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that every head of a fam-
ily, widow, or single man over the age of twenty-
one years, who, on June 1st, 1852, shall be an
actual settler and housekeeper, and who shall have
made other improvements on any tract within the
body of the lands ceded by the treaty of October 18,
1848, with the Menomonee tribe of Indians, shall
be entitled to the same right or preemption, and
upon the same terms and conditions as are pre-
scribed by the act entitled " An act to appropriate
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and
to grant preemption rights," approved Septem-
ber 4,1841.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have time to
examine this bill, and I will therefore ask that it
may lie over.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. When the hill is under-
stood, I am very certain that neither my friend
from Virginia, nor any other member of this body,
can have any possible objection to it. Ft was
drawn up by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and met the sanction of every mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands when passed
upon by them this morning. It simply proposes to
extend the right of preemption to certain settlers
on a purchase from the Menomonee Indians, on
which they went from a misapprehension. The
settlers went on the land before they had fully a
legal right to do so, and the bill proposes to relieve
them from the effect of their mistake.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow. I
hope the Senator from Iowa will consent to give
me time to examine it,
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the bill will be printed,
so that we may have a chance to see what it is.
The PRESIDENT. It will be printed as a
matter of course.
Mr. DAVIS. It cannot be printed if it is acted
upon now.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to post-
pone it until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. A purchase was made by the
United States, of certain lands from the Meno-
monee Indians. Under the pieemption laws, the
settlers on that purchase cannot avail themselves of
any preemption right, for the reason that, under a
misunderstanding, they went on the land before
the Indian title was deemed to be perfectly extin-
guished. The treaty provided that the Indian title
should be deemed to be extinguished within a year
after the time notice should be given to the Indians
to quit the lands. A notice was given on the first
of June last, and the time will expire on the first
of next June; but it appears that the notice has
been revoked, and, as 1 understand it, under the
last notification, the time will not expire until t\
year from the first of June next. Therefore, al-
though these settlers have made improvements,
they cannot avail themselves of any benefit from
them. There they are. They have made im-
provements; they and their families live on the
lands; and yet they can derive no benefit what-
ever. The lands have been surveyed: a public
sale is soon to take place; and they will not be
able to prove their preemptions before the sale does
take place. Hence, the land on which they are
settled is liable to be bid up and purchased by any
person who may be attracted there by the im-
provements which have been made. It seems to
me that, if there ever was a meritorious case, en-
titling the individuals to a preemption ri^ht, it is
this. They have gone there in good faith; they
have improved the country in good faith; and they
