1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL Q0$m.
July 15.
go into a long discussion of the subject, it will be
utterly impossible to get a vote to-day. Enough
has been said to show the national importance of
this road, and the interest which the Federal Gov-
ernment has in its construction-. I will merely
add, that another great advantage to the country
from the construction of this road is, that it will
form a continuous line of railway communication
from the extreme eastern section of the Union to
the Gulf of Mexico, thereby affording increased
facilities to the Government for the transportation
of the mails, and a speedy and direct communica-
tion between the Atlantic cities and those on the
Gulf of Mexico. At present thegreatlineof rail-
roads to the Southwest terminates at Montgomery.
This road will complete the connection.
In this same bill there is a provision made for
a road across the peninsula of Florida, from' some
point upon the Atlantic, on or near the St. Mary's
river, to some point on the Pacific coast, to be
designated by the State, of Florida. The import-
ance of this road as a national work must be ob-
vious to all. The question has claimed the con-
sideration of this Government for a series of years,
as to whether a ship-canal could be constructed
across the peninsula of Florida. That project
has been held by many scientific men not to be
a feasible one. At all events, its feasibility is so
doubtful, that I have no idea that this Government
could now be induced to undertake it. The rail-
road which we now propose will be, in some sort,
a substitute for the project of the ship-canal, and
so far from interfering with the latter project, will
be in aid of it, by diverting travel and commerce,
and thus attracting public attention to the import-
ance of this communication across the peninsula
to avoid the dangerous navigation around Cape
Florida. The proposed road passes through a
district of country 4< so poor that it will not yield
black-eye peas," and will never be worth five
cents an acre unless this road is constructed. This
fact every man knows who has ever been in that
section of the country; for it is a sandy, pine,
barren country throughout nearly its entire length.
We propose, by this bill, to give the State the
alternate sections of land on either side of this
road, which, though utterly worthless m them-
selves, will acquire great value from the facilities
the road will afford for the transportation to market
of lumber, pitch, tar, and turpentine, the only
products of the land, and which it is now utterly
impossible to make available. The increased value
given to similar lands, similarly situated in the
State of North Carolina, by the construction of
the Wilmington road, enables us to form some
estimate of the advantage to the Government, as a
great land proprietor, in a pecuniary point of view,
by the passage of this bill and the completion of
this road. The alternate sections reserved to the
Government at present are worth nothing. Their
value will probably be enhanced to the increased
estimate, $2 50 per acre, put upon them by this
bill. Whatever may be true of alternate sections
of land througji which the other railroads in the
Northwest may pass, it is certainly true in this
case, that the lands in these alternate sections are
utterly worthless without the construction of this
road. I do not know that it is necessary for me
to say more upon this subject now, except that
the Legislature of the State of Florida has au-
thorized a subscription, on the part of the State,
of ftl,000,000 "towards the construction of this
road, i withdraw the motion to recommit, and
move to put the bill upon its passage, and upon
that motion I demand the previous question.
The SPEAXCE K. The Chair understands that
the gentleman did not submit the motion to re-
commit.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I think I made the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made the
motion to recommit to the Committee on Public
Lands. The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.
Jones | moved to recommit it to the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union.
That is the question.
Mr. CABELL. Those motions were sepa-
rately'reconsidered, if the Speaker will recollect,
until we came back to this distinct vote. I had the
floor upon the last motion, which was to recom-
mit the bill. All those other motions had been
reconsidered. That is my recollection. Was
there such a motion as to recommit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union is now pending.
Mr. CABELL. Will the Speaker b^o kind
as to tell me who made that motion? ™
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] made the motion, and he fol-
lowed it up by a motion to lie upon the table,
which was voted down, and the question recurred
upon the motion to commit, which is now the
question before the House.
Mr. CABELL. What will be .the effect of the
"previous question? Will it cut off the motion to
put the bill upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to a
vote first upon the motion to commit.
Mr. CABELL. And what will be the next
motion ?
The SPEAKER. Upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. CABELL. I shall move the previous
question.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to inquire if this
road is embraced among the roads provided for
in the land bill which has passed this House?
Mr. CABELL. There is a clause in that bill
to this effect: that the landsgranted to railroad com-
panies shall be deducted from the land appropri-
ated to the individual States. There are two mil-
lions of acres appropriated in that bill to the State
of Florida. We desire now merely to give direc-
tion to that grant, and have it deducted from the
two millions. I call the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Florida whether that bill does not itself direct
the application of land for that road?
Mr. CABELL. No, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. The House is thin, and
with a view of giving time to absent members to
have an opportunity of voting, I move that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. LOCKHART demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was the^i taken upon Mr. Mill-
son's motion, and there were—yeas 35, nays 108.
So the House refused to order a call.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recom-
mitting the Florida land bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If that mo-
tion should fail, it will bring the House to vote
first upon the amendment, and then upon the en-
grossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
committing the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and having it printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay
the bill upon the table, and upon that proposition
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken,and there were—
yeas 75, nays 84; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Bibighaus,
Bocoek, Buell,Burt,Bu&by, Joseph Cable, Le wis D. Camp-
bell, Caitter, Caskic, Chapman, Chastain, Curtis, George
T. Davis, Dean, Dimmick, Kdgertou, Edrnundson, Fowler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gayloid, Giddmgs, Green,
Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, lsham G. Hams, Hart, Hib-
bard, Holiaday, Hunter, Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel 'J'. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glanoy Jones, Pies-
ton King, Kuhris, Kmtz, Letcher, Mann, Martin, Mason,
McLanahan, McMullm, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Mor-
nson, Murphy, Munay, Newton, Andrew Paiker, Peaslee,
Peikms, Powell, Heed, Robfoins, Kobie, Russell, Savage,
David L. Seymour, Ougen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart,
Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Thurston, Townsherid,
Tuck, Wildrick, and Woodward—75.
NAYS—Messrs. W. Allen, Bell, Bissell, J. II. Boyd,
Bragg,Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, A. G. Brown, E. Oarrington
Cabell, Caldwell,Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Church-
well, Clmgman, Cobb, Conger, John G. Davis, Doekery, j
Duncan., Eastman, Evans, Fitoh, Florence, Frccmam !
Gentry, Gilmore, Goiman, Harper, Sampson W. Harris^ '
Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Ilorsford, Hous-
ton, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Jackson, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Landry,
Lockiiart, Humphtey Marshall, Miller, Miner, Molony,
Henry D. Moote, John Mooie, Nabers, Olds, Oir, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Phelps, Porter, Richardson, Sackeit,
Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Scurry,Smith, Stanly, Benja-
min Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
A. H. Stephens, St. Maitin, Strother, Stuart, Taylor,
Venable, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wilcox, Wil-
liams, and Yates—81.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon refer-
ring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote taken yesterday, by which the bill
and reports of the Judiciary Committee on the
subject of the apportionment of the Seventh Cen-
sus of ti^e United States, were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
My object is to have them printed, and in a few
days after they shall have been printed to call them
up for consideration.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order—
that this motion cannot be made within the morn-
ing hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it |s
in order for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. McLanahan] to have his motion entered at
any time, but it would not be in order to consider
his motion at this time. That is the distinction
which the Chair makes. The motion will be en-
tered upon the Journal.
FLORIDA LAND BILL.
The question then recurred upon referring: the
Florida land l>ill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 77, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Beale,
Bibighaus, Bocock, J. II. Boyd, Buell, Burt, Caskie, Chap-
man, Chastain, Curtis, Dean, Dimmick, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Floyd, Fowler/Gamble, Giddmgs, Grow, Hamilton, I.
G. Harris, Hascall, Hibbard, Holiaday, Houston, Thomas
M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
J. Glancv Jones, Pieston King, Kulms, Kurtz, Letcher,
Mann, Martin, Mason, McLanahan, McMullm, McNair,
McQueen, Meade, Millson, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy,
Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Perkins, Pow-
ell, Reed, Robbins, Robie, Russell, Savage, David L. Sey-
mour, OrigenS. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Townshend,
Tuck, Venable, Washburn, Welch, Wildrick, and Wood-
ward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Bell, Bissell, Bragg, Bren-
ton, Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, E Carrmgton "Cab-
ell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell. Thomp-
son Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Clingman,Cobb, Conger,
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Doekery, Doty,
Dunham, Evans, Fitch, Freeman, Gentry. Gorman, Green,
Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Iiaws, Hendricks, Henn,
Horsford, John W. Howe, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Landry, Lockbart, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henrv D. Moore, John
Moore, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Phelps, Porter, Price, Richardson, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Taylor,
Walsh Ward, Watkins, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—77.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. GORMAN. Is not the next business be-
fore the House the bill in relation to the public
printing ?
The SPEAKER. The report from the Com-
mittee on Public Printing is the first busines * in
order.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill has just been laid
upon our tables, and I wish to know of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] whether he
will not allow me to make a motion to postpone
its consideration until to-morrow? It is impossi-
ble that members can have examined it since it
came to our desks this morning. Then, sir, I
have another reason why I wish to postpone. I
have great anxiety to get through, if possible,
with the Indian appropriation bill to-day. There
is nothing before the Senate. They will get
through the deficiency bill to-day; and my object
is to send them that bill, that they may be at
work upon it.
Mr. GORMAN. I would accommodate the
gentleman certainly, or anyone else in the House,
if this were a new question; but the public print-
in? has been subject to discussion so long, and
the merits and demerits of every proposition have
been discussed so long, that it is not like a new
question. We have talked about it until it is per-
fectly familiar to the ear and the recollection of
evei ybody. The rates and charges have been be-
fore the House since the first report of the com-
mittee upon the subject of public printing. The
rates and charges originally reported to the
House are the same as those in this bill; and
there can be no kind of question raised that has
not been raised, and no question discussed that has
