THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. R IVES.—'TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
o'2v> Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 17,
New Series No. 133.
iiot been discussed—and consequently I cannot
consent that it shall go over from day to day.
The Clerk then read the hill reported by the
Committee on Printing-, as follows:
Be it enacted^ '{'c , That the joint resolution entitled
"Joint resolution directing the manner of procuring the
printing Tor the two House3 of Congress,"approvedAugust
3, 1846, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. '2. Be it further enacted, That, from and after the I
passage of this act, thcie shall be elected a public printei by ] |
«ach Hou«e of Congress, to do the public printing for the ji
Congress for which he or they mav be cho-^n. ;■
Sec. 3. Be it further cmuted, That the following shall
bo the pnees to be paid for ?uch punting as may from lime |
Co tune be oideied by Congress : ]!
FOR THE IVRST CLASS, j
Consisting of the hills raid |oint resolutions of both Houses /
For composition, per paae, fiftv cents. I'
Foi the press-vvoik, paper, folding, and stitching, per i
page.-- '
For five hundred and eighty copies, seventy-five cents;
and at the same iaie. for any greater number not exceeding i j
one thousand copies. {!
for. the second class, i,
Consisting of reports of committees of both Houses, with j,
indexes:
For the composition per page, octavo— ii
For cma'I pica plain, one dollar. {■
For '•maH pica rule, one dollar and Uventv-five cents. j
Foi bioviot piain. one dollar ami titty crnN. ,
For brevier rule, one dollar and seventy five cents. j'
For the composition of tables larger tnan octavo—
Pel Uiou-and em-, seventy cents. ]
For the ptess-woik, paper, folding, and stitching of the
octavo size. per page— ,
For twelve bundled and fifty conies, ninety-five cent'-, ;
ar.d fU the s^.me into for any greater number not exceeding ;
fifteen hundred copies. 1
Forthe press-work, paper, folding, and stitching of each tj
table larger than octavo— j.
For twelve hundred and fifty copies, three dollars and
fifty cents; and at the same rate for any gi cater number not !j
exceeding fiUeen hundred copies, ;[
Fur deduction on account of folding and stitching not |
required in the copies mserved for binding, pei page, >
for one hundred copies—
For the octavo size, one quaiter of a cent. i
For each table larger than octavo, one quaiter of a cent
Additional ehnige foi the tniiiiniiiL'. folding, stitching,
or inserting of each map. chait. diagiam, or plat<>, of !
an) size or shape, 111 the copies not reserved lor bind- i
w— !
For one hundred copiee, ten cents.
for the third class, ^
Consisting of the journals of both Houses with indexes: j
For the composition per page, octavo— i
For small pica plain, one dollar. j
For small pica rule, one dollar and f.venty-five cents. j
For brevier plain, one dollar and fifty cents. j
For breviei rule, one dollar and seventy-five cents.
Foi the pie^-work, paper, folding, ?nd stitching, per
page, octavo—
For twelve hundred and hity eopics, mnetv cent? , and at j
the same rate jor a in gieatcr number not exceeding fifteen ;
bundled and fifty ccp<es.
For deduction on account of fouling and stitching not
jequued 111 the copies received foi binding, pei page, .
for one hundred eopie.-— -j
For the octavo size, one quaiter of a cent. 11
FOR Till: 1 OURTJl CLASS,
Consisting of the Execulivedocuuiont^ of each House, em- i
bracing mes^at."^ from the Piesident, lepoits fiom the
seveial lixeeutive depigments, office-, and bmeaus, pud
the documents and statements communicated thciewitn,
\\ nil indexes :
Foi the composition pen page, octavo— 1
Foi <mall p'ca plain, one do!Ur. |
For small pica lule, one dollai and twenty live cents. ;
For bieviei plain, one dollar and fl'ty cent*. ;
For brevier mle, one dollar and seventy-five cents.
For the composition ot tables larger than octavo— \
Per one thousand e n-, «event> cent--.
For the pie^-wuik. papei, folding, and stitching of the :
octavo fciyj, pei p.i^e— ,
For twelve hundred and liftv copies, nmety-five cent.- ; :
and at thrt sume iat' toi any gieatei nuiubei not exceeding j
fifteen bundled copies.
Foi the ptess-woik, paper, foi Ung, and stitching of each j
table faiger tlian octav—
Foi twelve hundred and fifty copies, three dollar" nnd
fifty cent- ; and at the -ameiate foi any greater nuiuiier not ,
exceeding fifteen hundied copies
Foi deduction on account ot folding and stitching not ,
required in the copies- le^eivcd tor binding, per page,
foi one hundred copies— ,
Forthe octavo size, one quaiter of a cent. j
For each table larger than octavo, one quarter of a cent.
Additional charge tor the tiimming, folding, stitching,
or inscitmii of each map,chait, diagiam. or plate, of
any H/e 01 shape, in the copies not received for
binding—
For one bundled copie*, ten cents.
FOR TIIF FIFTH CL\SS, ;
Consisting of every otner description of punting not in-
cluded in the preceding eias^c* !oi each llousej with m- '
dexes, and divided as follows, via : i
Part *3 of the Fifth Ctcs<?,
Consisting of resolutions and other documents from Stale
Legislatures, memorials, petitions, and all other papers
or documents not included in paits B and C of tins
class:
For the composition per page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one doil.tt.
For small pica rule, one dollai and twenty-five cents.
For hieviei plain, one dollar and filty cents.
For brevier rule, one dollar a.id seventy live cents.
For the composition of tables laigei than octavo—
Per one thousand emc, «eventv c<«nN.
Foi the prerts-work, paper, folding, and stitching of the
octavo joze, per page—
For twelve bundled and fifty copies, nuiefy five cants;
and at tiie «ame rule fur any gieatei number not exceeding
fifteen hundred copies.
For the press woik, papp', folding, and fctitclnug of
each tible 'arger than o^favo—
Foi twelve hundred and fiity copies, three dollais and
fifty cents; and at the same rate foi any greater number not
exceeding fifteen hundied copies.
For deduction on account of folding and stitching to
be omitted in the copies reserved for binding, per
page for one hundred copies—
Foi the octavo Mze, one quarter of a cent. ] j
For each table larger than octavo, one quaiter of a cent.
Additional charge for the trimming, folding, stitching,
or m&erung ot each map, chait, diagi.un, or plate of
any size or shape, in the copies uot leserved for bind-
ing—
For one hundied copies, ten cents.
Part B of the Fifth Clcss,
Consisting of treaties, message*, reports, and other pipeis
and document-? ordered to be pnnted in confidence lor
the u-c of the Senate.
For the eompo>ition per paue. octavo—
For sisj ill pica pfam. one dollar
For small pica lule, one dollai and twenty-five cents.
For brevier plam, one doluir and fifty cents.
] Foi bieviei rule, one dollar and seventy-five cents.
; For the composition of tables iaigei than octavo—
Per one thousand ems, seventy cents.
J For tiie press-work, paper, folding, and stitching, of the
j octavo size, per pa^e—
1 For sixty five copies, twenty cents; and at the same late
' foi any gieater number not exceeding one hundred copies.
1 For the pres-s-wotk, papet, folding, and stitching for
eac!' table larger than octavo—
Foi sixty-live copies two dollars and at the same rate
for any gteatei number not exceeding one hundied copies.
Part C of lha Fifth Cla-> s,
Consisting of tabulai statements of the oiders of the day,
1 lists ot yeas and nays, circular letters, and all other
pnntmgof a miscellaneous chaiactcr, not specified m
either of tiie preceding elapses, or m paits A and B of
tins. cl/Ts^ :
For composition, m whatever tjpe, size, or form that
may be required—
Per thousand ems for plain work, fifty cents.
! Per one thousand ems tor rule and figure worK, fifty cents.
: For the piess-work, paper, folding, and stitching one
, hundied copies, pei page—
For loyal octavo or any size smaller, twenty cents.
Torquatto post, one dollar.
For folio cap, one dollar.
For any si/.e laiuer than folio cap, one uo!la \
The p.ipei to be u>ed uudej this p.utC to be such a? may
be dneeted by tiie Secretary of the Senate and Cleik of the
| House of Representatives, lespeciively.
I Percentage iltihidio,i for additional copies of either class.
Foi deduction on the prices above stated for the pre^s-
wotk. paper, folding, and stitching,foi furm-hnig addi-
tional copies of matter included  n eithei of the aio«e-
said clashes, the addmonal copies to be printed on the
1 same pspei, with the same ink, and in the same st} le,
! a- the usual numbei^, xiz :
■ For deducuou for anv numbei of copies—
Exceeding Silicon hundred, and not exceeding five thou-
sand, none.
! Etceorimgfivelhousand, and not exceeding ten thousand, .
two per centum. j
Exceeding ten thousand, and not exceeding twenty thou- j
. sand, three per centum. >,
Exceeding twenty thousand, live per centum. ]
}*ec. 4. Jie it fuitker en ct^^ That th« Clerk of the i
' House ot R(jp''e^ontat!ves and Seeretar\ of the Senate shall 1
pti!chase ot the lowe-t and best bidtloi all the paper to be '
used ioi the public punting, said pupei to be of a tine and ;
smootii texnuc, weighing at least fiity pound* to tiie ream, ;
not calender; tiie price oi cost of -aid paper to be deducted ,
fiom tiie price-: toi punting berembetoie fixed. !
Sec. Be il furt he I caoclcd> That a committee, con- j
Filling of tlnee m^mbeis of the Senate and thiee members
of the House of Repie^entatives, ^hall be appointed by the j
Speaket of the Hou^e and President of the Senate, which ,
shall constitute a Connnitfee on Pfiiiting, whioh shall havp .
powei to adopt such mvasuies as may be deemed nece^saiy ]
to reined* any neglei toi delay m tlu: execution ot th,J ]>ub- J
lie pu.UiHg. and to maicc a pio lata reduction in the i mn- :
pen^ation it the woik sl.ai! imt be done in a neat, durable, ;
and woiknianhke mannei, or to refuse the woik altogether j
it not mi exr( med a-a'oiesaid. The committee shall audit •
and pass upon all J.ccounts !<>r pnbhc piintuis ; bin no bill
shall be acted upon >oi woik nor !i<-tuaiiy deliveicd. ;
Sfc t> Be it i.niher emirfed* That all motion* to piint ;.
extra eopie* of anv bill, report. <,t other public document, i;
shall be lefened to the committee of the members of the h
House in which the same may be made; and all expenses U
for pri/Hing shall be paid out of the contingent fund of the
two Houses, in proportion to the number ordered by each,
except the expense of composition, which shall be paid by
the House firsi ordering the same to be printed.
That kM acts or joint 1 evolutions conflicting with the pro-
visions of this act he, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. GORMAN took the floor,
ERROR—FLORIDA RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Indiana suspend for a moment?
Amid the confusion prevailing in the House, at
the time, the Clerk made a mistake in the count,
upon the vote to refer the Florida land bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The vole stands, in fdet, a tie. Under the rule, it
is the duty of the Speaker, to vote when his vote
would change the result. The Speaker votes in the
affirmative, and the bill is therefore referred.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon,
the table.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion to reconsider must be entered, but can-
not interfere with the business immediately before
the House.
Mr. DEAN. Then E withdraw the motion.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Public Printing allow me to in-
troduce a substitute for the bill which he reported,
that it may be read for the information of the
House, if it is in order?
Mr. GORMAN. I am somewhat surprised to
hear the gentleman from New York ask that of
ine, under the circumstances, but I cannot now
say why. I certainly would extend to him any
courtesy that I possibly could, but  
Mr. JENKINS. Allow me to say, I have no
doubt the gentleman would be glad to extend to
me any courtesy, and I hope therefore I may have
an opportunity of offering the substitute.
Mr. CARTTER. We will take care of it, if
the previous question is called.
THE FLORIDA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I was engaged at the moment, but I understand
the Speaker to have voted upon the question of
referring the Florida railroad bill. 1 wish to state
this for the consideration of the Speaker. The
vote had been announced, the Chair had decided
that the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was not
earned, and the House had proceeded to other
business.
Several Voices. There was a mistake in the
vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair acted upon the
idea that tt was his duty to vote, and that if any
error existed in the vote it should be corrected,
and thnt the Journal should be kept correctly.
Mr. STUART. I understand the rule to be
this: In the first place, I understand that the
Speaker may vote upon any question if hechooses;
but according to the practice of the House, when
the vote of the Speaker will change the result, he
may or may not vote. It is usual, if he votes at
all, to do so at the request of a member; but I
submit this question that the Speaker can no more
vote after the question has been decided, and the
H<mse has proceeded to other business, than any
other member of the House can vote. If the
House lias not proceeded to the consideration of
other business, and the Speaker has not before
announcing the vote finally, then he can vote; but
after that he has no more'risht to record his vote
than any other member of the House.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would like to make a sin-
gle suggestion. The objection of the gentleman
fmm Michigan [Mr. Stvart] comes too late, for
the vote of the Speaker was received by the com-
mon consent of the Hou«e. No one objected.
The SPEAKER. The following is'the rule
upon the subject:
" 1Q. In all ca^es of ballot by the House, the Speaker
shall vote; m other cases he shall not be required to vote,
113
