1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
Mr. GORMAN. Not in this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I should like to know
what is to become of him; because we cannot elect
a new printer unil we get rid of the old one. The
law nowhere authorizes us to dismiss him, but
only to hold him on his bond for any deficiency
in his work. Now, we have one printer, and I
want to know what is to become of him?
Mr. GORMAN. If the law is repealed, the
gentleman who is now the public printer will re-
linquish his contract. I can say that to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know but that he
will. What I want to know is, if the committee
undertake to say that the repeal of that law re-
peals the contract between this Government and
the present public printer?
Mr. GORMAN. Now, I think gentlemen
ought to be satisfied with asking me questions.
Mr. SMART. I would like the gentleman to
inform me ■
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot yield to any further
questions. 1 hope gentlemen will try to be recon-
ciled, and be satisfied.
Mr. STEVENS. The caucus so decided.
Mr. GORMAN. Not at all. Men's con-
sciences are not controlled upon questions of legis-
lation, I apprehend, by the resolution of a caucus.
It is a recommendation to friends, and that is all.
It is to be expected, however, that there will be a
liberal consideration paid to the dignified delibera-
tion which was bestowed upon this question by
Democrats who, I hope, were devoted to the wel-
fare of their country, as well as to the welfare of
their party. It is a recommendation to their polit-
ical friends of what they deem the best action to
take, if any gentlemen differ with them, I hope
it will be an honest difference—I expect it will be.
I make these remarks simply in reply to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, I shall take the responsibility
of offering an amendment which has been handed i,
to me by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Vevable.] It will be remembered by gen- ,
tlemen that there "was a contest here some time \ '
since as to whether this House h^d a ri<jht to in-
struct the Committee on Priming. To obviate I'
that difficulty, and entirely do away with all fur- j!
Cher argument or contest on the subject, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has handed me an !
amendment which I think ought to be incorporated ,
in the hill. I will read it; it is to add to the fifth ■
section the following: j!
Proii'Jetl, That no contract, agreement, oi a^ransrompnf ,1
entered in*o by the committee ^haii In1 binding, or take [j
effect, until the same *hall be rcpoi ted to the Hou^nf Con- j
gres- to winch the puntnig belongs, and approved by the J
fejuisc; and when tin; printing relates- to the bu-inc.^ of both i,
Hon-^of Congress, then it shall beiepoiteu to both Houses !1
of (.'ougie^. and approved by them. I,
Mr. FITCH. I have prepared an amendment j:
intended to obviate the same difficulty, and if the
gentleman will permit me, I will read it. The fifth i,
.section of this bill is, I believe, substantially the ,■
existing law. Is it not? jj
Mr. GORMAN. It is. :
Mr. FITCH. My amendment more clearly
defines the duties of that committee. It is to strike !
out the woid " which" m the fifth line of the fifth
section, and insert the following:
Whose duty i£ sb.ill be, Lf there be any neglect, delav, :'
or defect in the execution n*' the pubhr pj iutmsf, to lepnrt ,
the fact, lnhtancpf, and extent to the I-Ioui-e and tiio s>en- ]
ate, and it loint induction u-fative to this action be not I
given withiu three weck-s from the date of their repoit, they j]
shall— ;;
Mr. GORMAN. The amendment of my col-]'
league is substantially the same as that of the gen- ■
tleman from North Carolina. The amendment of j
the gentleman from North Carolina rovers all thnt
ground, and consequently there is no necessity for
accepting the amendment of my colleague. ;
The SPE VKER. The amendment of the gen- :
tlemnnfiom Indiana [Mr. Fitch] cannot be of-
fered without the consent of his colleague. ;
Mr. GORMAN. I hope, sir,that after having
disposed of this public printing, I shall be per- '
mitted to withdraw from this vexed question. I
have ne\er in my life had a public duty to per-
form in which 1 had so many conflicting elements
to meet. I have never discharged a public duty ■
with a more conscientious regard for the public 1
weal and the service. In thfc selection of individ- ;
uals to do particular jobs, I confess that my j
party predilections have sometimes governed me. [
But I have been so much annoyed, and have
been so much subjected to the suspicions of gen-
tlemen in regard to price? and in regard to my
paity predilections, that I think, after I have
discharged my duty, and got the public printing
once fixed upon a permanent basis, I shall ask the
kind indulgence of the Chair to discharge me from
further service on that committee. It is a com-
mittee upon which any gentleman who discharges
his duty lay<=? himself open to the constant crit-
icism of his kindest and best friends.
Sometimes it has been a duty which I have
really performed with reluctance. It is one which
at tiie proper time I shall ask to be discharged
from.
Mr. Speaker, as I said before, this bill has
been discussed; the prices have been discussed;
the mei its of a proposition for a printing bureau
have been discussed; the election of a printer has
been discussed; the buying of paper by the Gov-
ernment has been discussed. Now you have a
proposition plainly before you to repeal the exist-
ing law, to elect a printer, to fix the prices, and
to providethattheGovernmentshall hereafter buy
the paper on which the printing is done, and upon
this question I now ask for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will not insist ou his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion. There is one matter here which I should
like to have explained.
Mr. JENKINS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer a substitute for the bill,
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] desires to propound a question,
and for that purpose I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should much prefer that
the gentleman would withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to allow me to submit a few re-
marks m relation to the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot do that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The question I desire to
ask, is substantially the same as that which was
propounded by my colleague, [Mr. Cartter.]
Mr. GORMAN. Then I must insist on the
previous question, for I have answered that ques-
tion once.
Mr. CAMPBELL. At all events I did not
understand the gentleman's explanation, and I de-
sire to call his attention to it a^ain. I understand
that the committee have repotted this bill, m pur-
suance of the recommendation of the caucus.
The object of that caucus, as stated by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,] was to allow
a fair price for composition, press-work, folding
and stitching—Congress to furnish the paper.
Now, sir, it "will be observed that when the com-
mittee 
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot allow the gentleman
to make a speech, because my time will be out,
and 1 cannot then call the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely wish to explain
to the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
not in order. The gentleman from Indiana insists
on his right to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The point I desire to sub-
mit is ?ump!v this 
Mr. GORMAN. I really cannot yield the floor
any longer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Weil, I hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow my substitute to be read ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
know if it is in order now to move to refer this
bill to the Select Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Jenkins] rose, and was recognized by
the Cinur, and appeals to the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Gorman] to yield the iloor to him for
the purpose of lumng his substitute read.
Mr. JENKINS. 1 desire to have my substi-
tute read: and then 1 will give way to the gentle-
man to move the previous question.
Mx\ GORMAN. 1 cannot yield the floor, be-
cause my time will be out, and I cannot hold the
floor for the purpose of moving the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the question pro-
pounded a moment ago by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] the Chair would
state that" it is not in order to receive a motion to
commit while the demand for the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I thought
that the demand for the previous question being
made, but not seconded, the motion to commit
took precedence. If the demand for the previous
question be seconded, the motion to commit can-
not be made at all.
The SPEAKER. It cannot, nor can any mo-
tion intervene between the demand for the previous
question and the putting of the question for sec-
onding that demand.
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] to allow me to make
a single remark upon this bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
question of order. I submit that this debate can-
not he allowed after the demand for the previous
question has boen made. The Chair so stated.
FLORIDA RAILROAD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
privileged question. I have just ascertained that
my name is not recorded as having voted against
the motion to commit the Florida land bill. I cer-
tainly did rise m my place here, and vote in the
negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects very
well that the gentleman from Georgia did vote
upon that motion, and that he voted in the nega-
tive. He regrets that these errors should have
been committed by the Clerk; but he only wonders
that such errors are not more frequently commit-
ted m this body, where there is so much confusion.
The accuracy of the Clerk in these matters has
usually been very great indeed. The only wonder
is, that mistakes are not more frequently made.
The Chair learns that the vote of the gentleman
from Georgia is not recorded. He very well re-
collects, as before stated, that the gentleman did
rise in his place after the roll had been called, and
addressed the Chair, and that he voted in the neg-
ative. It is for the House to determine whether
the correction shall be made or not.
Mr. CARTTER. I recollect that the gentle-
man from Georgia voted m the negative.
There was no objection, and the vote was re-
corded, making a majority in the negative.
So the bill was not committed.
Mr. GENTRY. Does not the question now
recur upon the bill?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The consider-
ation of that bill is confined to the morning hour,
which has expired. It will come up as the first
business for the morning hour to-morrow morn-
ing.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING AGAIN.
Mr. BRENTON. I desire to ask my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Gorman",] to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can propound
no question unless the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] withdraws the demand for the pre-
vious questiou.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not withdraw the de-
mand.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays upon seconding the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is notin order to have the
yea1? and nays upon seconding the demand for the
previous question. The gentleman can demand
them upon ordering the main question.
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, and upon that motion I demand tiie yeas
and nays.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to know if I have not
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma has the floor, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot take jf from him to make his motion.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to make a personal ap-
peal to the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Printing. I do it, as a friend to the principles
of the bill. But it is a matter of two much import-
ance to be voted on under the operation of the
previous question. There has been but one speech
made, and that in favor of the bill. The thing
should be more thoroughly investigated. The dis-
