1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
cussion heretofore had upon this subject has been
of a very desultory character, and no distinct opin-
ion on any particular branch of this subject hay
been arrived at; especially are we undecided upon
the all-important question—the price of the work.
Now, sir, I appeal to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing to withdraw his demand for the
previous question. The honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] is the chairman of;
the Select Committee on Printing. I hope, sir, that U
that select committee will have an opportunity of .•
making" their report before the vote is taken on this j j
bill. The special committee was raised to in- ij
vestigate this whole subject, on account of its great ii
importance. If the House attempts to force this \\
bill down, under the opeiation of the previous jj
question, I shall vote against every portion of it, ;!
and also ogamst the candidate which may be '!
brought forward under it. If we ha"ve a fair
chance to investigate and make it right in its fea- ;
tures, then I will sustain it, and the nominee of.;
the party; for printing, sir, I can never consent j:
to make a mailer of movey, a political principle, u
This subject of printing involves a vast amount of j:
money, and it is our duty to attend to the Treasury :j
untrammeled by party considerations. !!
Mr. MARSHALL. If the demand for the i;
previous question is withdrawn, I will not make <:
the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was then taken upon seconding;!
the demand for the previous question, and the re- ;
suit was—ayes 49, noes 98, !'
So the demand was not seconded. Ii
Mr. JENKINS. Inow offer the following sub-
stitute for the bill, which I send to the Clerk, and ;■
ask to have read. | j
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to make a suggestion j |
to the gentleman from New York. |;
Mr. JENKINS. I hope I do not lose the floor, j j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 1
York is entitled to the floor, and it will be for him
to say whether ho will yield it to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I only desired to say, that
I suppose the gentleman wishes to have his bill
printed, and I propose that he should make the
motion to print, and let the bill go over till mem-
bers can have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. JENKINS. If the bill is printed, that
will answer my purpose. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed till to-
morrow, and that the bill with the amendments be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
printed. Does the gentleman move that the pro-
posed amendments be printed ?
Mr. JENKINS. I submit that motion.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the bill and amendments be referred to the Select
Committee on the Public Printing:.
Mr. JENKINS. I believe! still have the floor.
Mr. KING, of New York. I hone my fnend
from New York [Mr. Jenkins] will have his
amendment read, and we can then know how to
dispose of it.
Mr. JENKINS. I have no objection to having
the substitute read.
It was then read, in part, by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
A bill amendatoiy of a joust revolution pa*>ed August ot], •
entitled A joint resolution diifctnijr the mannfi
ot' procuimg tlie printing for both Hou^e-; of Coiifnp-O'" !
Be it enacted by the Senate, and House of Representatives \
of the United States of ,'lmenca in Const e^i a^emDlcd, \
That there shall immediately be chosen by joint resolution ]
of hoth Houses of < 'onuie.-s a tiupeiintcndenl of i'uniic ,
Pnntins, who shall he a ptaetical punter, and shah hold 1
his office duiiue tne |/; >r,nt t'onirie—>, oi until nnoiiiei be j
appointed \n ills plae<> ; -aid Snp-'iintendenf herein ]
cloathed with all the aothonty contWred in and in «aid i
joint resolution, upon the Secretary of tue Sen.-iic and the i
Clerk of the House of licpiesrntativcs, the Pie-irient or '
Vice President ot the Senate, the Speaker of the llou<o of ;
Ilej) ^entative«!, and the authority conlcred upon tlie •
Committee on Printing in and b) the second section of sud !
joint ieso'ution; and he js hereby reouu ed to pot lo^m nil the |
dune-' conferred bv said joint resolution upon san! ofiieeis 1
and each and every ot them, except the dim- s of the f'om '
imttee on Public Printing mentioned m tlie thud s.-etron of
said joint resolution. !
Skc. 2 Be it further enacted, That the <-*ud Superintend- '
ent, when so apDomted,shaU take the oath ofu.lice pie--ciibeil ,
in theaceond section of the act of the .'M of March, ITOt, for ■
clerks and other officers, and shall execute to the United '
States a bond, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved !
oi Ik the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the i
House of Rcpiescntatives, in the penalty of,510,000, eondi- 1
tioned foi the faithful performance of the duties of his of- i
fice. The said Supenntendent shall, therefore, procure the J
printing necessary to be done before the olose of the pre* 1
ent session of Congress, or which may have been begun
but not peiformed substantially according to contract, upon
such teims as he may deem most advisable, and as shall
best promote the public inteiest; and for that puipose the
said supenntendent is hcieby authorized to puichase the
lequisite paper for said printing.
Sec. 3, Be it further enacted, That the said Superintend-
ent be, and he is heiehy authouzed to contract for and pur-
chase all papei for the printing of both Houses of Congress
during his continuance in office ; that contracts for paper
shall, at all times, be separate fiom contracts for printing,
and toe same person shall not be allowed to contract both
tor printing and furnishing the paper; thg coiuinet-s for
printing to be done, and paper to be furnished aiter the
close ot the present session of Congress, shall be let and
enteied into m the manner prescribed m the first section of
said joint resolution, and shall embrace the paper and punt-
ing lor the tesidue of the present Congress onl\.
S>-e. 4. Jind belt jurther enacted, That said Superintend-
ent be and he is heieby authorized to decide upon the per-
foimance or non-pertorniance of all said contracts, and
whether the contiacts be peiformed in due time, and to de-
claie the same loileiled for noa-peifonnauce. Theeontiacts
to be entered into toi printing ^hall contain a stipulation
that the piintmg shall be done m a reasonable tune ; which
time may be designated as occasion shall lequneby the
said superintendent; winch conditions shall be inserted m
cach contiact. Before declaring any contract foifeited for
non-peuonnance, the Superintendent shall immediately
seive a winten notice thereot upon the defaulting contract-
or, specifying the particulars in which such taiJuie of per-
foiinar.ee consists, and the supeimtemlent shall thereupon '
immediately proceed to iclet such contract in the manner j
piovidcd in the said first section ot said joint lcsolution as j
heiem amended ; but he shall not relet such contiact to such j
defaulting contiactor. Said Supeuntendentshallforthwitb i
cause the connactoi, so failing to perionn Ins contiact, and j
his bad to be prosecuted m the name of the United States ,
for the damages arising nom such failute.
Sko. 5. Be it further enacted, That the said Superintend-
ent shall personally superintend the business intrusted to
his charge. He shall keep the sample* of paper and print-
ing upon winch the contracts arc let; he shall keep an
aecinate account ol the paper furnished and the printing
done, with the contractpiices thereof and all expenses per-
taining to (aid office. Fie shall make a full report of his
doings at the opening of each session of Consuls and as
often as Congiess oi either House shall duect;and shall be
entitled to leceive a •nilaiy of a y ;iu foi Jus soivice*.
Sk?\ G. Be it further enacted, That vvitlun thirty days
heloie the adjournment of e\ery Congress, both Houses
shall proceed by joint icsolution, to choose a Supenntend-
ent of Public Printing, who shall possess the power and be
subject to the same duties herein conferred and imposed
upon the said Superintendent. Said Superintendent shall
be entitled to the like salary, and shall hold his office for
the penod of two years or until another be chosen. So much
of the said joint resolution of the Hd of August, ld4G, as is
inconsistent herewith is heieby lepealed.
The following is the joint resolution proposed
, to be amended by the foregoing bill:
i Replied hxj the Senate and House of Representative? of
\ the United States of JLitcruu in Con^re.s1} osnnbted, That
1 the Secretary ot the Senate and the (Mcik of the House of
j Stepte-enfative«, be and they aie hereby authonzed and re-
! cjuued, at the beginning of the final session ot every Con-
cjrdfc.s-, to adveitise, for four weeks successively, in all the
newspapers published in the city of Washington,for sealed
; piopo.-als foi supphmg the Senate amlJiou^eof Kepiesent-
i aiivc-, respectJ\el\, of the iie\t ensuing Congiess, with
I the necessary printing for each; which advertisement Fhall
| de>c;ibe the kind of punting and the quality of papei ie-
j quned, as near as may be, m the execution ot the work ;
| end said advertisement shall divide and classify the jmnl-
! ing of the respective houses, as follows : One of lulls and
I resolutions; one of reports ot committees ; one of journals ;
[ one o! Executive documents ; undone toi every other de-
, scnption of punting; each cla>s to bo a -epniatc job, and
] to be piovided for by scpaiato contiact. 'i'ht said adver-
I tisement siiall aKo contain a designation of the place m the
said cit\ ot VV.ishnijjton wbcie such sealed pioposals toliall
be leceived.and thedaj ano time of day at winch --aid Sec-
cretarj and Clerk will cca.-e tit receive anv fm tli«r propo-
, saK And the. Seeietary and Clerk afoie^aid siudl piovide
j f.uitable sdinplcs of the pnnting required, and of the paper
! on which f!.e same is to be executed, to be kept at the
[ place so designated as a'oiesaui at least twenty davs suc-
I ce-j-nei) beiore the tune oi receiving proposals shall ex-
j pite, open w the inspee'ioji of all persons ile^inng to make
, puspovula for the printimr atoresaid, intelligence whoieof
| shall be contained m said adveitHement. Immediately on
i the expuation of the rime lor leceivmg said proposal^, they
shall he opened by the Secretary and Chnk aloresaid in the
i piescnceof the VicePicsident, or Piesidont of the Senate,
! and the Speaker of the House of Representative^, and of
; such persons niakinc pmp*^ah as may wi.>h to be present.
1 And the Seeietary of the Senate, under tlv supeivi-ion of
the Vice President or i'lesjdent of tile Senate, and tlie
! Clcikofthc iloii^^ ol Pvepie^entatives, under the supeivis-
J ion of the Speaker, shall, thereupon, let each class of -aid
j printing to the lev. est bidder, who shall fnrr.ish satisfactoiy
evidence ot his practical "-Kill and Ins ability to do the
( woik^ and who shad onl-r good and sufficient seeuutyfoi
: tbe idith'ul execution o{ the jobs and contracts unde« taken
j by hull. And thereupon the Vice President or PiCMdent
, of the Senate and its Secretaiy, and tlie Speaker of the
i House and its Clerk, shall pioeeed to take bonds, wnh
i good and sufficient secuntv, for the due andiauhful per-
formance oi the work; and the officers aforesaid shall mi-
; mediately thereafter report to their resjiective Flouses all
; such letting* ctf printincr, and the contracts relating to the
I same: Provided, That the said proposals shall remain
| sealed until the tune appointed lor examining tne same.
\ Snc. 9. Jind be Ufwither resolve<1, That a committee,
1 consisting of three members of the Senate and three mem-
1 bers of the House of Repiesentative«, shall be chosen by
1 their respective Houses, wlucfc *hall constitute a Committee
on Printing, which shall have power to adopt such meas-
ures as may be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect or
delay on the part of the contractor to execute the work or-
dered by Congress, and to make a pro rata reduction in the
compensation allowed, or to lefuse the -work altogether,
should't be mfeiior to the standard ; and in all cases, tne
contractor and his secuiities shall be iespon!=ibIe for any
increased expenditure consequent upon the non-pei lorm-
ancc of the contiact. The committee shall audit and pass
upon all accounts for printing; but no bill shall be acted
upon for work that is not actually executed and delivered,
and winch they may require to be properly authenticated.
Skc 3. Jlndbe it further resolved} That all motions tf>
print extra numbers of any bill, paper, or document, m
either House, shall be referred to the members of the com-
mittee of that House, who shall report upon the propt lety
of printing, and the piobable expense thereof, as early a*
convenient. And all expenses foi printing shah he paid
from the contingent fund of tlie two Houses, in proportion
to the number of copies oideied by each, except the ex-
pense of comnosmon, which shall be paid bv the JIou->o
which shall have first ordered the printing of the paper or
document; and if there shall be a second composition, i£
shall be paid for by the House which «-hall authorize and
direct the same ; and when extra copies of any document
or papei shall be ordered by botii Houses, they «haSl be de-
hveied to the two Houses simultaneously, in proportion to
the number of copies by them lespectively ordered.
Sec. 4. *ftnd be it further resolved, That all laws and
parts of laws now mforee, not m conformity with the pro-
visions of this joint lesolution, be and the same are hereby
repealed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the time of the House
will not be taken up by the reading- of tins sub-
stitute.
Mr. JENKINS. I then move that the farther
reading of the bill be dispensed with, and that the
proposed amendments be printed, and with the
original bill, be referred to the Select Committee
on Printing.
Mr. DEAN. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JENKINS. I will modify my motion so
as simply to move that the proposed amendments
to the bill be printed. Then any other motion
can be made by itself as to its disposition. I do
not desire to incumber the motion by attaching to
it any other proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move so
to modify the motion of the gentleman from New
York, that the bill, with the amendments, be re-
ferred to the Select Committee on Printing, and I
propose to make a remark or two upon that mo-
tion, if the gentleman from New York does, not
intend to take the floor.
Mr. JENKINS. Upon the motion to refer I
do not design to make any remarks, for the reason
that I desire to discuss the merits of the bill when
I can get the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York has the floor, if he desires to address the
House.
Mr. JENKINS. I will give way for a single
explanation by the gentleman from Kentucky. ^
Mr. MARSHALL, i do not design, at this
time, to discuss the bill. I only desire to submit
a remark, to show why the bill should be referred
if it is the sense of the House to refer it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Select Commit-
tee on Printing, when they will probably be ready
to report >
Mr. MARSHALL. I will answer the gentle-
man's inquiry frankly and at once, The special
committee—if their political opinions are to enter
into the matter—a majority of them, belong to the
other side of the House. They will make their
report just as soon as it can be dune intelligibly,
and with fairness, both to the people and the
printer. They have nothing else to subserve ex-
cept to get a hi)! regulating the public printings
upon a fair footing—one which shall give remu-
nerative prices to the employees, and shall be fair
to the people of the country. That is all the ob-
ject they have in view.
Mr. JONES. That is all I want.
Mr. MARSHALL. They will report as soon
as they can get the data upon which to make an
intelligent and proper report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will my col-
league permit me to nsk him a question ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Will my colleague per-
mit me to answer one question at a time? I will
state that, after having determined to pay remu-
nerative and fair prices to the printers, m order to
obtain what amount, in the estimation of the craft
or trade, were fair prices, I made personal appli-
cation to most of the printing establishments m
this city, but I got a schedule of prices from one
only. I repeated my applications to the others.
