1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it
adopted at the previous session, in reference to the
agitation growing out of the T erritdrial and slavery
questions, as a final settlement in principle and
substance of the dangerous and exciting subjects
which they embraced; and I recommend adherence
to the adjustment established by those measure^,
until time and experience should demonstrate the
necessity of further legislation to guard against
evasion or abuse. I was not induced to make
this recommendation because I thought those
measures perfect, for no human legislation can be
perfect. Wide differences and jarring opinions
can only be reconciled by yielding something on
all sides, and this result had been reached after an
angry conflict of many months, in which one part
of the country was arrayed against another, and
violent convulsion seemed to be imminent. Look-
ing at the interests of the whole country, I felt it
to be my duty to seize upon this compromise as
the best that could be obtained amid conflicting
interests, and to insistupon it as a final settlement,
to be adhered to by all who value the peace and
welfare of the country. A year has now elapsed
since that recommendation was made. To that
recommendation I still adhere, and I congratulate
you and the country upon the general acquiescence
m these measures of peace which has been exhib-
ited in all parts of the Republic. And not only is
there this general acquiescence in these measures,
but the spirit of conciliation which has been rnani- I
fested in regard to them in all parts of the country
has removed doubts and uncertainties in the minds
of thousands of good men concerning the durabil-
ity of our popular institutions, and given renewed
assurance that our Liberty and our Union may
subsist together for the benefit of this and all suc-
ceeding generations.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, December 2, 1851.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved that the mes-
sage be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be printed for the use of
the members; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. then moved that 15,000 copies extra of
the President's message and the accompanying
documents be printed for the use of the members.
Mr. EVANS inquired whether that was the
usual number?
Mr. BAYLY responded in the affirmative.
The question being put upon the resolution, it
was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to know whether, if the House
adjourn now, the first business in order in the
morning will be the drawing for seats under the
resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hibbard.1
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, m conse-
quence of the limitation, that the 'time will have
expired.
Several Members. Then let us proceed now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If that is true, I hope
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
will withdraw his motion, that we may execute
that business now. . .
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it has expired quite
as much now as it would to-morrow.
Mr."JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to my colleague that he withdraw his motion to
adjourn, and move to postpone the order until half
past twelve o'clock, to-morrow.
Several Members: "Agreed!" "Agreed.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion to ad-
-1° Mr. JONES moved that the order for drawing
for seats be postponed until half-past twelve
o'clock, to-morrow; which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JONEfe,
The House thereupon adjourned.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Bv Mr. CHURCHWELL: A bill to amend the act ap-
pioved 28th September, 1850, granting bounty land to the
soldiers of the different wars, iu.il the: widows and minor
ehildien of the same, so as to make the. land warrants so
1S By R^BIUGGS : A bill to establish a Mint of the Uni-
t0By M°SsnTu!wK A bHUrantmS to the State of Micll-
ican the nght of way and a donation of public> land for
the construction of a ship canal around the Tails ot St.
MBT MrmDlSNEY:eA bill to provide for the construction
of a free canal around the Falls of the Ohio river.
ByMr. MARSHALL of California: A bill to authorize
and direct the payment of certain moneys into the treasury
of the State of California, which were collected in the
ports of said State, as a revenue upon imports, since the
ratification of the treaty of peace between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to the admis-
sion of said State into the Union.
Also, a bill to establish a branch Mint of the United
States in the State of California.
Also, a bill to provide for the location and construction
of a central national railroad from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean.
Also, a bill to reduce the rates of postage on newspapers,
and to establish a uniform rate of postage on letters through-
out the United States.
Also, a bill to establish a line of ocean mail steamers
from San Francisco, in California, via the Sandwich
Islands, to Shanghai, in China.
Also, a bill to pay the expenses incurred for the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities in California.
Also, a bill granting the right of way for, and to aid in the
construction of, a line of telegraph from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean.
Also, a bill to create a Board of Commissioners for the
settlement of claims for military services in the State of
California.
Also, a bill to establish a navy-yard and naval depftt in
California.
Also, a bill to establish assay offices of the Mint of the
United States at Sacramento City and Stockton, in Cali-
fornia.
Also, a bill to provide for the survey of the public lands
in California, the granting of donation privileges therein,
and for other purposes.
ByMr. DEAN: A bill to reduce the postage on news-
papers and perodicals, and to establish a uniform rate
thereon.
By Mr. HARRIS of Tennessee: A joint resolution ex-
planatory of the act of 28th September, 1850, entitled An
acteranting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been in the mill tarv service of the United States."
By Mr. OLDS : A bill extending to Louis Kossuth the
privileges of citizen of the United States of America.
By Mr. PEASLEE : A bill entitled " An act authorizing
the payment of interest to thp State of New Hampshire, for
advances made for the use of the United States in repelling
invasions, and suppressing insurrection at Indian Stream
in said State."
Also, a bill entitled " An act for the settlement and pay-
ment of the claims of the State of New Hampshire for the
services of her militia and for disbursement* for military
purposes during the late war with Great Britain."
BvMr. SIBLEY : A bill to grant to the Territory of Min-
nesota certain lands for the construction of a railroad from
the falls of St. Louis river of Lake Superior to a point on
the Mississippi river.
A bill to provide for the construction of, and continuation
of, certain roads in the Territory of Minnesota.
A bill to provide for the removal of obstructions in the
Mississippi river, above the Falls of St. Anthony.
A bill to piovide for the appointment of a surveyor gen-
eral of public lands in the Territory of Minnesota
A bill to provide for the establishment of an additional
land district in the Territory of Minnesota.
MEMORIALS.
The^ following memorial* were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
Bv Mr. STANTON of Kentucky: The memorial of
William V. Morris of Kentucky, asking that the Secretary
of the Treasury be directed to pay him his portion of the
prize monev awarded by Congress to those engaged m the
expeditionFagamst the enemy on Lake Bourgne, in the year
1815.
Also, the memorial ofWilliam H. Scott, for indemnity for
loss sustained bv the failure of the Postmaster General to
give him a mail"route agreeably to contract.
Also,'the memorial of the heirs of Philip R. Rice, praying
payment for a vessel impressed into the service of the Uni-
ted States during the revolutionary war, and lost while
in the eerrice.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 3, 1851.
TheHon.R. F.Stockton, of New Jersey, ap-
peared in bis seat, and was sworn.
Mr. SEWARD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw the petition and papers of Nancy King,
praying for compensation for the services of her
father,1°a revolutionary soldier. j
NOTICES. :
Mr. MORTON gave notice of his intention to !
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of I
way to a railroad from Pensacola Bay, in the State j
of Florida, to Montgomery, in ihe State of Ala-.
bama, and a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of said road. _
Mr. GEYER gave notice of lus intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting to the State of
Missouri the right of way, and a portion of the
public lands, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of a railroad from St. Louis to the western
limits of that State.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
introduce a joint resolution relative to printing the
returns of the Seventh Census.
Mr. TjNDERWOOD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a joint resolution making
land warrants assignable.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ATCHISON, pursuant to previous notice,
asked aml obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a donation of a
portion of the public lands to the State of Mis-
souri, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Hannibal to St. Joseph's, in said Stdte; which wis
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of previous no-.
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting the light of way to the Florida, Atlantic,
and Gulf Central Railroad Company through the
public lands, and appropriating lands to the State
of Florida in aid of the construction of said rail-
road and branches; which was read a first time,,
and ordered to a second reading.
SECOND READING OP BILLS.
The following bills were read a second time,
and, until the appointment of committees, were
laid upon the table:
A bill granting land to the State of Iowa in aid
of the construction of a railroad in said State;
A bill granting to the State of Ohio the unsold
and unappropriated public lands remaining in said /
State. |f
RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT OF KOS-
SUTH.
The following joint resolution came up in its
order, and was read a second time:
Joint Resolution in relation to the reception and entertain-
ment of Louis Kossuth, Governor of Hungary, in tlie
United States.
Beit, iS'e., That a joint committee of the two Houses of
Congress, to consist of members of the Senate and 
members of the House of Repiesentatives,be appointed by
tlie Presiding Officers oftlie respective Houses to make suit-
able arrangements for the reception of Louis Kossuth, Gov-
ernoi of Hungary, on his arrival in the United States, and
to communicate to him assurances of the profound respect
entertained for him by the people ol" the United States; and
to tender to him, on the port of Congress, and in the name
of tlie people of the United States, the hospitalities of the
Metropolis of the Union.
The resolution being before the Senate,
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I shall not under-
take to address the Senate at length upon the res-
olution. I have already stated the reasons which
induced me to offer it. It has been laid upon the
tables of honorable Senators for some days. They i
have had a fair opffcrtunity of examining it. U
They knew the object of it. They know all the *
circumstances connected with it. I trust we shall
have a'unanimous vote in favor of the passage of
the resolution. I hope that no delay will be inter-
posed here, because the other House will have no
opportunity of acting upon it in time if we delay
its passage. I understand that Governor Kossuth
is expected in New York to-day , and if we are to
receive him in a manner which is supposed to be
proper by the Government and by all intelligent
persons, with one or two exceptions, with whom
I have conversed, it seems to me that we ought
at once to adopt such a resolution as the one before
the Senate.
As there are two blanks in the resolution, I move
to fill them m such manner as to make the joint
committee to consist of three members of the Sen-
ate and five members of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. CLEMENS. Reference has been made
in the message of the President to a resolution
passed by the two Houses of Congress at the last
session in relation to Kossuth and his companions.
My recollection of the terms of that resolution
may be wrong, and therefore I ask that it may be
read.
The Secketary read the resolution, as follows:
A Resolution for the relief of Louis K ossuth and Ins Asso-
ciates, exiles fiom Hungary.
Whereas the people of the United States sincerely sym-
pathize with the Hungarian exil^, Ko-suth and. hi<* asso-
ciates, and fully appreciate the ma^muimious conduct of
theTuikish Government in roeeivmg and treating these
noble exiles with kwdne>s and hospitalm ; and if it be the
wish of these exiles to emigrate to tlie United State*, and
the will of tin* Sultan to permit them to leave his domin-
ions: Therefore,
Be it resolceil by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jimerica m Congress assem-
bled. That the PicMdent of the United States* be and he
hereby is lequested to authorize the employment of some
one of the public vessels which may now be cruising m
tlte Mediterranean to receive and convey to the United
States the said Louis Kossuth and his associates m cap-
tivity.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
the motion to fill the blanks respectively with the
figures " 3" and " 5.''
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, perhaps it
