1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1T97
I did not conceal the fact that the committee had
come to the determination that the Government
should buy the paper. I have not been able, ex-
cept in that one instance, to obtain a statement.
We have conferred upon the propriety of sending
to the other cities to ascertain from the larger es-
tablishments what was a fair rate. We only de-
sire to reach that, and just so soon as we can learn
from the best sources, what are fair prices to re-
munerate the public printer for the work pertain-
ing to a printer, we will make our report.. Our
committee have determined that the paper shall
be furnished to the printer. I do not find that
the printers interested in this matter, are agreed
that the Government shall take away more than
the furnishing of the paper at all. In fact, I think
they are all disinclined to it.
Mr. JONES. 1 now ask the gentleman from
New York to yield me the floor for a moment. I
think this committee can report in a week.
Mr. JENKINS. I decline to yield the floor
further. I perceive that this question in regard to
the report of a select committee is likely to embar-
rass my motion. My motion is to pnnt merely,
and I do not want to have that incumbered by
other matters.
The SPEAKER. It is in order, however, to
move to refer the bill.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to know
whether a motion to postpone until to-morrow,
winch is a day certain, would not be in order, and 1
whether that motion would be debatable?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order, but
would not be debatable. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Jen'ksns] yield the floor to
his colleague? [Mr. Ivixg.]
Mr. JENKINS. I yielded to my colleague for
an inquiry.
Mr. KING. I understand, then, it is in order
to make this motion to print, and that having been
passed upon, that a motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow will be in
order, will preclude other motions, will not be de-
batable, and will in the mean time enable us to
have the amendment printed, and thus have the
whole subject before us to-morrow, if the House
shall order the printing done. After making a
single remark I will suggest to my colleague either
to make the motion or permit me to do it. I am
myself in favor of open competition, and of the
contract system, to the lowest bidder for doing
this work. I am unwilling1 to admit that the
American Congress is unable to enforce a con-
tract.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we are going to have a
debate let us have a debate, but if we are going to
postpone let us postpone. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman is in order.
The question of printing is debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true, but he is not
entitled to the floor, except to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. He has the floor by the con-
sent of his colleague, [Mr. Jenkins.]
Mr. KING. I am in favor of the contract
system, and of letting out the work to the lowest
bidder. I am in favor of the proposition submit-
ted by my colleague, [Mr. Jenkins.] I believe, if
it is fairly presented to the House, it will be
adopted. AH I ask is a fair and full consideration
of it, and a full knowledge of it upon the part of
the House. I am opposed to the motion to refer,
because I believe the subject of the printing of this
House requires early and prompt action. We
have not had our documents, and have been un-
able to furnish them to our constituents. We are
unable to obtain those which are necessary for our
own information in the matter of legislation. This
business of printing, in my judgment, has been
already postponed too long, and we ought to act
promptly upon it. If, in the course of a day or
two, the committee upon which is the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] could report, I
would have no objection to postponing, but I do
not think it ought to be postponed long. I am
willing the further consideration should be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. JENKINS. I will barely remark that I
do not wish to postpone this subject at al^
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I merely rise to re-
spond, as a member of the special committee, to
the inquiries of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. King,] that I know of no reason why the
special committee may not report rn three days.
Mr. JENKINS. I do not wish to have this
subject postponed for an unreasonable time. If
the special committee cannot report under a week,
that is too long a time, and I am opposed to post-
poning the subject so long. 1 hope this subject
will be brought up for consideration at an earlier
day than that, and be disposed of. Mjr amend-
ment is, that a practical printer be appointed by
the two Houses of Congress, upon a salary; and
that we surround this subject with powers suffi-
cient to carry out the contractsystem in its fullest
extent, and to secure with efficiency and prompt-
itude the execution of the work, so that every
member may have his documents in a reasonable
time. I hope, therefore, that the motion to post-
pone this subject until to-morrow, and that the
amendment be printed, will prevail.
Mr. HART. 1 desire to know if the report of
a special committee takes precedence of the report
of standing committee?
The SPEAKER. Ordinarily it will do so, but
not under the special order of the Mouse, which
confines the morning hour to the call of commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. HART. The difficulty I suggest would be
embarrassing. The special committee would not
have an opportunity of reporting to this House.
The SPEAKER. Without the consent of the
House, that special committee could not report'
until all the standing committees are called.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] has no parliamentary
right to make a report until the balance of the reg-
ular committees shall have been called, if any one
person of this House objects, unless they report
on some Monday, when it shall be in order to
move a suspension of the rules, and then it will
require the usual number of two thirds to suspend
the rules. Now, sir, the object must be, and
cannot be any other, if I am a judge 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Is there a
motion pending to postpone the consideration of
this matter until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion of that
sort pending. There is a motion to commit this
bill and amendment to the Special Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Jenkins] to make that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York withdrew the motion.
Mr. JENKINS. The Speaker labors under a
mistake. I did make the proposition, and I desire
it to have effect. I moved to postpone the consid-
eration of this matter, and to have the amendment
printed.
The SPEAKER. Then there is a pending mo-
tion to postpone, which is not debatable1. The
proposition to print, however, is.
Mr. GORMAN. If that motion was not en-
tertained by the Chair until after I obtained the
floor, it interferes with my right.
The SPEAKER. It was made before the gen-
tleman took the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. But it was not entertained,
as I understand, by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk, however, enter-
tained it. The Chair decides that the motion is
pending, and that it takes precedence of the motion
to commit.
Mr. GORMAN. Is it debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. A motion to print
alone would be debatable.
Mr. GORMAN. I submit, as a matter of
course, to the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first taken
upon the motion to postpone, and then upon the
pending amendment. The first proposition is not
debatable, the second is.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to debate it, and say
a few words. The question of printing entitles
me to the floor, and entitles me to be heard, but I
do not want to be out of order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to print
cannot be considered separately from the question
to postpone, and the proposition to postpone is
not debatable.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not want to postpone,
but the question to print brings up the whole ques-
tion. .
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that de-
bate is out of order until the motion to postpone
is disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. That decides the question of
order I was about to make.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. BELL called for the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers; which were not ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 75, noes 47.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs now
upon the proposition to print the amendment
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon that motion.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to know whether I
had not the floor upon that question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not seek
the floor at the lime when he could have occupied
it.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] to withdraw his demand for
the previous question; for certainly it was the un-
derstanding of those upon this part of the House,
at all events, that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] should have the floor upon that
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expected that the
gentleman would seek the floor, but he did not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave respectfully to
ask the Chair whether this motion to postpone,
having been passed, does not necessarily carry-
over (he whole subject, the motion to print and
everything else?
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice of
the House, according to the recollection of the
Chair, to take a vote separately upon a motion to
commit and a motion to print.
Mr. GORMAN. I certainly did not want to
annoy the Speaker for the purpose of getting the
floor; but I want to say to the House, upon the
subject of printing, who is to print? How is it
to be printed ? What do you want printed?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman a moment.
Mr. GORMAN. I have the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I then rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
previous question has been called for.
Mr. HOUSTON. Gentlemen all around me
say their understanding was, that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] should have the
floor. I think it is an improper time to debate
this bill, on amotion to commit. 1 do not want
to take an advantage, however, and I will there-
fore withdraw my demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CARTTER. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move to reconsider the vote just taken,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] was first recognized by the
Chair.
DEBATE ON THE INDIAN BILL.
Mr. JONES. I call up my motion, made on
yesterday, to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was adopted terminating debate upon
the Indian appropriation bill in four hours after it
shall again come under consideration m the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If the resolution be reconsidered, I shall move
to amend it, to close the debate one hour after the
committee shall resume the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I trust the gentleman will
extend the time to one hour and a half. I should
like to have half an hour for the purpose of dis-
cussing the merits of the bill.
Mr. JONES. When the resolution comes be-
fore the House, the g^itleman can submit that
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
