984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
sent no Atlantic 'interest; but it is very obvious,
and I think the Senator himself will be satisfied
of it, upon a moment's reflection, that such must
be the case. It is a law of nature, and therefore
a law-of God, as a distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts once informed us—a law of God,
that the great continents of the earth recede from
each other as they extend southward. The short-
est line of water transit always commands the
commerce of the world; and the shortest line being
from northern ports to northern ports, steam lines,
obeying the law of the commerce they convey,
must principally be there. But when there is a
line proposed between two southern points, I trust
that Northern men will be as prompt in voting
for every proper measure for the benefit of South-
ern commerce as tliey are for the benefit of their
own.
Mr. RUSK. I think the laws of trade are very
much controlled by capital.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the amendment will not
prevail; and 1 think that if the Senate will do me
the favor of listening to a very few words, I will
convince every one that it ought not to prevail.
The proposition contained 111 the bill is, that we
shall pay §100,000 for carrying the mail between
New Orleans and Vera Cruz. We are to pay, in
the language of the bill, a sum not exceeding
§100,000 a year. I have never known a case
where a maximum amount is placed in the bill, in
which the contract is made for less. I have never
known a contract made for less than the amount
specified in the bill. 1 have, therefore, a right to
assume that the proposition contained in this bill
is to carry the mail from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz for $100,000 a year. As the bill now stands,
the Postmaster General is obliged to have vessels
which are not only of eight hundred tons burden,
but which are sufficiently strong, to be adapted to
war purposes. We therefore get upon this line a
superior route, and a boat of much greater strength,
without the Government advancing one cent more
than they would do if this amendment were not
adopted, and vessels of any degree of strength
provided, requiring only that they shall have the
required tonnage.
1 ask, why should this amendment be adopted ?
Is there any earthly reason for it, unless it
be some motive disclaimed by the Senator from
Louisiana, who has just taken his seat, that the
South, in the only line which has been given to
her, is to be placed upon a worse footing than the
North? We have established lines of steamers
for carrying the mails from New York to various
parts of the world. They are war steamers, not
only obliged to be of sufficient strength lo be war
steamers, but they carry guns to protect the pas-
sengers and the commerce, which are carried in
them. Now, here is a line proposed to be estib-
Iished between New Orleans and Vera Cruz. Why
should not the vessels be of the same strength ?
Why should they not have the same facilities,
when it is to coat no more to the Government?
We are only to pay §100,000, whether the vessel
is sufficiently strong to be a war steamer or not.
I ask, then, why should we adopt the amendment
by which the people are to be accommodated in a
less degree—by which no advantage is to be ob-
tained by the Government, and which can have
no earthly purpose, that I can imagine, unless it
is to put this line upon a worse footing than the
other lines of steaniei.s which have been estab-
lished for mail purposes? Why should we hiue
weak vessels, when for the same price we can
secure strong ones?
But, again, 1 have no doubt that the Senator
. from Louisiana is right in saying, that in less than
two years the commerce of this country, the peo-
ple of this country, will gain ten-fold more than
we are about to pay for the establishment of this
line. Would not that commerce be increased 
would not the communication between two coun-
tries be inci eased by the security of having vessels
of the required strength for war purposes ? [f the
bill stands as it is, would there not be an additional
security given to commerce, in the fact that the
vessel is armed sufficiently to protect it against
anybody who might attempt to take possession of
it? The British steamers which ply between
Mexico and Great Britain, are all armed steamers.
They carry bullion; and they are, in the first
place, of the strength which ours will be, if this
bill passes as it is without being amended. If the
bill passes as it is, our vessels will have the same
armament which the British vessels have; and we
shall be enabled to compete, at least, with Great
Britain m that commerce. But if you send vessels
there of only eight hundred tons burden, without
anjr security whatever as to the strength of these
vessels, Great Britain will still have that advantage
over the commerce of this country, although we
established the line. ' For my life 1 cannot see any
good reason why anybody should propose such
an amendment, when we are not to pay more for
a vessel adapted for war purposes, than we are
to pay for a vessel of eight hundred tons burden,
no matter how weak it may be.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, a remark was
made, I think, by the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Malluky] in legard to what was paid for our
ocean steam-vessels; and he said, that if this and
some other proposed lines should be established,
the annual expenditures under this head would
amount to $2,000,000. I do not. know what is the
expense of the Navy proper. The annual appro-
priation for that service used to be something like
$10,000,000 when I was accustomed to notice it;
but it has been going up in an ascending series
ever since, and I do not know how high it has got
by this time. But I believe that the present Sec-
retary of the Navy proposes to divide the expend-
itures, so that they may not appear to be quite so
large; I believe he proposes to divide the items
under different headings, so as not to have more
than four or five millions under any one head; so
that the naval expenditures may not seem to be
quite so extravagant as they are generally sup-
posed to be.
We expend, or at least propose to expend,
some $2,000,000 annually for these steamers. I
can see some possible, some probable—yea, some
certain utility that may result from the expendi-
ture of these $2,000,000. But, for the other ten
millions, if you ask what earthly, what possible,
what remote, what contingent advantage they can
be to the Government or anybody else? echo will
answer—what? If the Naval Committee will just
reduce the expenses of what they call the Navy
proper, as we increase the amount paid for these
naval steamers, 1 think we should then be making
progress. But if this is to be in addition to that
expense, then it should not be incurred.
I am not particularly versed in the question
which I see has been raised by some of those who
are engaged in the mercantile service in our sea-
ports, particularly New York. It is said that by
creating these lines, we are giving an undue ad-
vantage to steamers—to the prostration of our
other merchant marine. That is a matter which
I have not examined, and I do not know what are
the facts in relation to it; but I trust that it will
receive the attention of Congress and the country.
If the creation and support of steam lines by the
Government is to have a tendency to prostrate the
merchant marine; if in this way, by giving them
this Government patronage, you are to give them
such facilities for transporting freight and passen-
gers as to drive the merchant marine from the seas,
then I think the system is all wrong. But we
have entered upon the scheme. It is now being
tried. It is in process of experiment. I would
not interfere to interrupt it until it is fairly tried.
If the experiment is to be tried, I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. If there is anything
that can commend the employment of these mail
steamers to the country, it is the fact, or the pre-
tense—and the pretense is just as good as the
fact, until it comes to be verified—that they are
convertible into vessels-of-war whenever the Gov-
ernment wants them as such. That time has
never yet arrived. We have not fully tried the
expeiiment. We have proceeded on the idea that
these vessels are convertible into war-steamers:
and if we never have an occasion or an opportu-
nity to prove that idea is not well founded, we
shall be just as well off as if it were really so.
My friend from Kentucky says that he hopes
we shall never have a chance to make the expe.i-
ment. I hope so too. But if you are going to
keep up these steamers, I do pray that you will
not depart from the very idea to which they owe
their origin ; that is, that they are capable of being
converted into vessels-of-war whenever that may
be requisite. If it were not for that idea the sys-
tem would never have been adopted, and these
great lines of steamers would never have been
established. The aid which the Government has
extended to them would never have been given if
it had not been based upon the supposition that
the vessels thus employed and thus brought into
the service by the use of money from the National
Treasury, were convertible into vessels-of-war.
If you give up that idea; if you abandon it to-day,
you cannot justify this system before the country,
and it will not stand. If you abandon the idea
you must abandon the system; for the people of
the country will never consent that the National
! Treasury shall be drawn upon to such an enor-
! mous amount upon an idea which is so utterly
fallacious. If you abandon that principle in re-
gard to this line, you virtually abandon it for all;
because, if it is good for one fine it is good for the
whole; and if it is not good for the whole it is not
good for any. If you abandon it in regard to this
line, you abandon the whole foundation on which
the steam marine exists.
I take it that these steamers are very much like
the grants of public lands for railroads; they are
a part of " manifest destiny." The manifest des-
tiny of this country is to give lands to the West
for railroads,'and to establish mail-steamers for
the different parts of the country; and I think it
is the part of wisdom to bow to manifest destiny.
1 see that the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
is not in his seat, and therefore I shall not trespass
further on the subject of manifest destiny. If we
are to have this line, let us adhere to the idea on
which the system was started.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 hope this amendment
will be adopted. The peculiar views of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, in relation to the Navy,
may be judged of very correctly by the interroga-
tory he puts, of what utility is the expenditure of
ten millions for the Navy ? Heassuir.es that to
be the expenditure. With his views, no one can
be surprised that he should like the idea of attach-
ing all the steam lines to the Navy, and counting
the expense of them under the head of Navy ex-
penditures. It is that practice which has grown
up among us—which has swelled the expenditures
of the Navy, apparently to so enormous an
amount. The Navy proper does not derive any
benefit from the practice. Now, in reply to the
honorable Senator from Maryland, as to whether
this amendment should be adopted, I would re-
mark briefly, that this clause in the contracts for
mail-steamers, has been uniformly put in under
the presumption that these vessels, when con-
structed, would be fit for war purposes. I know
of no other'war purpose than to fight the battles
of the country on the high seas. I suppose that
is the meaning of war purposes when applied to
vessels. Well, the honorable Senator asks, what
motive can exist for striking out this provision
when it has been inserted in other contracts? As
I understood him, he attributed it to the idea that
the South was to have weaker vessels than the
North. He seems to assume the fact, that because
vessels are to be built for war purposes, they must
necessarily be stronger than they would, if there
was no such requisition; and that, if the clause be
stricken out, the vessels to be constructed will
necessarily be weaker. Now, that is all an as-
sumption; because there is not one single vessel
which has been constructed under thesecontracts,
that is, at this day, fit for war purposes. I might
appeal to every officer of our Navy—to the three
old Commodores who are at the head of different
naval bureaus in this city, to state the fact,
whether they consider any one of those vessels
fit for war purposes; or whether, if they were
turned over to the Government to-morrow, there
would not be a necessity for expending hundreds
of thousands of dollars before a single battery
could be put on board of them. This clause in-
troduced into our contracts has induced an im-
mense expenditure. It is the reason which is
given for the expenditure of a greater amount of
money. There is the shadow, but not a particle
of substance in it. We have a steam-ship run-
ning on a most dangerous route, performing a
great deal of sea service, making semi-monthly
i trips from Charleston to Cuba. That steamer
| was not constructed for war purposes; but it has
i met with fewer accidents than any ocean steamer
i afloat. It has probably carried as many passen-
gers in the same time, and in as comfortable a
manner, as any other steamer afloat. Yet, it was
not built for war purposes. When I speak of war
purposes, I have reference to warfare as it is car-
ried on by maritime nations. I do not speak of
those guns that are put on board every vessel for
