1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
935
the protection of the passengers and commerce;
but when 1 speak of the war purposes of vessels,
I refer to their adaptability for warfare, as it is
earned on by other nations.
U is a gratuitous assumption to .say that $100,000
must necessarily be expended under this bill be-
cause that sum is mentioned in the bill. The bill
requires that the Postmaster General shall make
the con tract on the best terms for the Government,
not exceeding $100,000. Unless he is recreant to
his duty, he will not set out with the assumption
that he is to expend the whole of that amount. If
that is to be so, then the restrictions of the bill
impose no restraint, and might as well be stricken
out. But he is to make a contract on the best
terms to the Government, and $100.000 is the lim-
itation which he cannot exceed. When he gives ;
due notice for bids for this route, he fixes himself
the character of the vessel. He determines what
is to be the strength of the vessel. By striking
out the clause requiring the vessel to be adapted
for war purposes, he will be unembarrassed by a
thousand offers which he would otherwise receive
for machinery to be constructed below the water-
line, and other things necessary in war-steamers.
If you retain the clause, persons who construct
engines, and new systems of paddles, and steam j
machinery, will make proposals more with refer-
ence to war purposes than to speed or the accom-
modation of passengeis or the carrying of the
mails. By striking out the clause you will have
a vessel actually stronger than if you require one
adapted to war purposes, because if a vessel is
built for war she is strengthened in particular
parts—her beams, and her knees, and other parts
will be strengthened for the support of a battery, i
That is a perfectly useless expense for a vessel !
calculated for the transportation of passengers and ;
the mails alone. ;
The vessels which have been constructed under
previous contracts have never been tried in actual
warfare. Reference has been made to the British
steamers. The Biitish steamers which bring the '
mails to this country are not war-steamers. No
such design has been entertained in regard to them.
British war-steamers, as they are now constructed,
have their engines below the water line, and are, ;
generally speaking, propellers. Under this pro-
posed contract, whoever undertakes it will be called
upon to specify the size of the steamer. It is lim-
ited to not less than eight hundred tons, which is
sufficiently small to enable a vessel to navigate the
dangerous coast of the Gulf.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator if he
is correct iti saying that the contract made by the
British Government with the Cunard line does not
prescribe that they shall be convertible into war-
vessels; and whether they are not liable to be
turned over to the admiralty at any moment?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not undertake to say
what the contract may be, but I say what the fact
is. The Cunard steamers are not adapted to war
purposes; but the British Navy are constructed of
an entirely different class of vessels for war pur-:
poses—steam propellers. I say furthermore, that
if the opinions of experienced men in their pro-
fession be worth anything—if the opinions of old
naval commanders were to be taken by this body,
we should come to the conclusion that these ves- '
sels are not fit for anything in naval warfare but
the transportation of troops, and as dispatch ves-
sels. Now, for the transportation of troops and
dispatch vessels you want an entirely different
class of vessels. These steamers will not be fit
for war purposes, strictly speaking: they will not
be adapted to naval warfare, and therefore I say
there is no necessity for having a clause in the
contract requiring them to be adapted for war pur-
poses. The expenditure of money on account of
that clause is entirely useless, and for an object
which will never be obtained.
I am in favor of this bill; I am in favor of this
route; I am in favor of getting it at the very lowest
terms—-of expending the money in the most eco-
nomical manner, and putting the money which
would have to be paid under a contract having a
clause requiring the vessels to be adapted for war
purposes, to strengthen the vessel for passengers
and freight where it should be strengthened.
Mr. BADGER. I do not mean to enter into
the discussion in regard to this bill, though i am
decidedly in favoi of it, and as decidedly opposed
to striking out the provision which is now sought
to be stricken from the bill. But I wish to say a
word or two in reference to a matter which the
Senator from New Hampshire has, 1 think, some-
what unnecessarily dragged into this discussion,
with regard to t e Navy estimates, and the report
of the Secretary of the Navy. The honorable
Senator says he does not know what the naval
expenditures are at this time; but that, some years
ago, when he turned his attention to that matter,
they were from eight to ten millions of dollars per
«rm«m,and that they had been regularly increasing
since. He said further, that the Secretary pro-
posed to make some division, or separation, or
classification, in order that the expenditures of the
Navy might not appear as large as they really
were. Now, I find that for the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1851, the actual expenditures which
were made under the Navy Department, and
which, therefore, m the aggregate, would appear
to be proper to be counted as naval disbursements,
amounted to $8,987,000; and in this sum is inclu-
ded, for steam mail service, $1,302,000—leaving
out the fractions. So that, taking out that ex-
penditure, which is an amount of money paid
solely for defraying the expense for the transpor-
tation of the mail by steam-vessels, the expendi-
tures of the Navy for that year would be about
§7,600,000.
Now, what is proposed in the report of the hon-
orable gentleman at the head of the Navy Depart-
ment? Not, by an arrangement, orseparation, to
make the expenses of the Navy proper appear
less than they truly are, but, by separating from
the proper and appropriate expenses of that De-
partment the §1,302,000, now charged to that
Department, which are really expended for the
transportation of the mails of the United States,
to make the proper naval expenditures of the
Government appear what they truly are. That
is all.
I beg now to saya word upon the subject of stri-
king out this clause of the bill. I think, with my I
friend from Maryland, that no reason has yet been j
assigned why the provision should be stricken
out. What he has said is true. As a general
rule, the maximum mentioned in an act of Con- j
gress for which a service is to be performed, may 1
be set down as the sum at which the service will ,
be contracted for. That, 1 think, is almost so :
uniformly the case, ttiat it may now be taken for i
granted. Then the question is reduced to this: j
whether we shall obtain a vessel adequate to the ,
i present purposes for which we want her, with the ;
\ additional advantage of beingcapable, in the event
; of necessity, of bemgapplied to war purposes; or
i whether we shall have a vessel without this latter
I advantage? For my part, 1 can see no reason why j
! the change which is proposed should be made. ;
1 Let us have the vessels of the stipulated size; let us ;
i have them to answer the purposes of transporting
the mails; and let us have them also so made, j
that, in the event of necessity, they may be adapt- j
' ed to war purposes. j
j It has been said, with a good deal of confidence, j
by the Senator from Florida, that none of the
' steam-vessels that have been built under these
contracts, containing precisely this provision, are
; fit for war-steamers; and that if three old com- •
i modores were selected, they would all concur in
that opinion. If they were selected, and if they ,
were able to concur in that opinion, I should not
think it was strictly a logical sequitur that the ;
opinion was right. These steamers were con- j
structed under the direction of the Navy Depart- j
ment, under the supervision of naval constructors,
so as to be strong enough, and adapted to answer
the ends of war-steamers, in the event of necessity.
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the Senator
' from North Carolina whether there is not on the
files of the Navy Department now, a report from i
■ some of our naval officers, stating that these vessels j
were not so constructed3 !
, Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator must
1 go somewhere else to find out what is on file in the
Navy Department. I do not know what is there;
but the Secretary of the Navy does. These vessels
have been constructed under the superintendence
of that class of officers, whose special business it
is to know how a vessel should be constructed for
war purposes. Commodores are not naval con-
structors. You do not select a sea officer for the
purpose of superintendmgand directing thearrange-
ment of a ship in its construction for war purposes.
That belongs to a particular mechanical branch (it
I may use the expression) of the naval service.
These steamers have been constructed, as for war
purposes, under the best and most capable super-
vision of the proper officers attached to the Navy
Department. Now, until I see one of them tried,
or until I hear that one of them has .been tried,
and been found incapable of answering this end,
I shall presume that they are fit for war purposes.
We know that improvements in war vessels
very seldom originate with military or naval men.
They come from other quarters. We know,
also, that there is generally a professional preju-
dice against every improvement that is made in
the construction of vessels for war purposes. It
seems to belong, somehow or other, to all profes-
sions and employments of life. It is said, that
when Harvey discovered the circulation of the
blood—and my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
land] can correct me if I am mistaken—there were
scarcely three physicians in England above the
age of forty years at that time who believed in the
existence of that discovery as he announced it.
They held on with pertinacity to their old notions.
So it has been with regard to this system of steam
defense. At first, I think it was generally opposed.
[ There was very little consideration given to it by
; what are called the " old salts."
1 Mr. CASS. "Old fogies." [Laughter.]
; Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir; "old fogies." Th.ey
j had fought battles, won victories in sail vessels,
I and they took it for granted that these things could
) not be done in any other way. They spoke of
; steamers contemptuously, and said that instead of
i having ships carried by sails, and masts, and all
, that, a steamer was nothing but a vessel propelled
\ by a tea-kettle of hot water. All these lmprove-
1 ments have had to go through this ordeal. I be-
| heve these vessels will be found—if we shall ever
| have occasion to test them—fit for war purposes,
; and to be easily convertible into vessels fit for war
! purposes. But, at all events, I do not see why
we should make any alteration in this bill to de-
I viate from what has been the common course of
j Congress on the subject.
| Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator from Louisi-
; ana is anxious to have a vote taken upon the bill,
! as I do not wish to protract this discussion, and
' as the subject can be discussed when it comes up
again—although I moved the amendment—I will
I forbear saying what I intended to say in support
of it. I will allow the vote to be taken without
saying a single word upon the amendment. The
1 question can be debated hereafter on other bills.
The Senator from North Carolina believes that
. the system of defense by war steamers should be
' connected with the Post Office arrangements. I
■ do not. The subject, however, can be postponed
: to another occasion. I will, therefore, say nothing
. about it now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to state the reasons
j which will control my vote against the amend-
I ment of the Senator from Virginia. It was my
! purpose to have spoken upon this question, but I
do not propose to go into a discussion upon it
now. I think there is a distinction which may be
drawn between the Senators who have spoken
upon both sides of this matter. I am opposed to
making any more steamers and connecting them
■ with the Navy, and I am also, at the same time,
opposed to making steamers to navigate the Gulf,
, the most dangerous of any navigation that we
' have, which will not be as strong as any vessels
that may be built for naval purposes. If you keep
in the clause proposed to be stricken out, it does
not propose to connect the vessels with the Navy;
it only proposes to make them as strong as naval
j vessels are made. It does not, like the old bills,
; propose to connect these vessels with and make
them part of the Navy. For that reason I shall
vote to keep it in.
Mr. BORLAND. I am in favor of the pro-
posed amendment. I have listened very atten-
tively to the arsuments in favor of retaining that
portion of the bill in its present form, and I have
heard nothing that satisfies me of the propriety of
doin" so. It proceeds, it seems to me,upon what
I have always considered a fiction, that the ves-
sels in which we are carrying the ocean mails
were to be so constructed as to be easily converti-
ble into war purposes. I have looked into this
matter, as well as I have been able, for sometime
past, and I agree fully with the Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Mallory,] that there is no reason for
believing, but every reason for rejecting, the idea
that they are fit for war steamers, or that that idea
