936
the congressional globe.
March 31,
was present in the minds of the constructors. I
never did believe it; but it was assumed, and ne-
cessarily assumed, as a foundation, and the only
one upon which the system could rest, that it
was to be a part of the navy. Otherwise, it was
a clear contribution to individual speculation, to
build up the fortunes of individuals by granting
them monopolies, and paying them for the pur-
pose of accepting those monopolies at the hand of
the Government.
The honorable Senator from Maryland pro-
ceeded, in support of the bill, and in opposition to
the amendment, on the ground that it was impor-
tant on account of the danger which these vessels
might encounter in the Gulf—not those of navi-
gation, but the danger of encountering some force
of an enemy—that they should be in a condition to
defend themselves. Why, this bill does not pro-
pose to put the vessels m a condition to defend
themselves against any attack. They will be as
liable to attack and as defenseless with this provis-
ion in the bill, as if they were built only for com-
mercial purposes. They are to carry no arma-
ment. The idea is, that they shall be built m
such a way that they may, if Government re-
quires them, be taken for war purposes, and with-
out the expenditure of more money, be converti-
ble into war steameis.
If we sustain the bill in its present form, we
recognize, what I consider, a fiction, thatthese ves-
sels are,orcan bemadeby any legislation of ours,
of such a character as to be easily convertible into
war steamers. It is wise and proper for those
who believe that to be true to vote for the-provis-
ion as it stands in the bill; but inasmuch as I
believe it all to be a fiction, I cannot vote for retain-
ing it.
There is another objection to the bill. It pro-
vides that the vessels shall be so constructed as to
be fit for war purposes. Now, what is the provis-
ion under which that shall be done? We require
that it shall be done; we do not carry out the idea,
as in those other contracts, and designate the
mode in which the thing shall be accomplished,
but simply require that it shall be done, and who
is to do it. The vessels are not connected with
the navy, and therefore it could not be done un-
der the supervision of the Navy Department.
Shall the Postmaster General undertake to con-
struct a naval vessel—a war steamer? I appre-
hend that it would be imposing oil him a duty
which he has neither the means at his disposal
to perform, nor the competency to do so if he had
the means. If that is to be retained, the bill re-
quires to be further amended, in my opinion, as
to how it shall be done, and the manner in which
and under whose supervision, the vessels shall bi
constructed.
Mr. CASS. Does the bill contain a provision
that the United States may take the vessel, after it
is made, for war purposes?
Mr. CHASE. It contains nothing of that sort.
Mr. CASS. Then what is the use of the pro-
vision ?
Mr. PRATT. Thevesselswillbe made stronger
if it is retained.
Mr. CASS. You have a maximum provided for
in the bill, You are not to exceed §11)0,01)0 a
year. You will not give that. As a matter of
course, you are to give the lowest price. Now,
if the man expends iwO.OUO in order to make the
vessel Jit for wtir purposes, lie will charge more
for profits; and if, as I am told, there has already
been an offer to build the vessels for §75,000—
which shows the propriety of this competition—it
will bring the expenditures down so as to reduce
the price, perhaps, to $60,000. Why say, then,
for "war purposes,"if itisnotfor war purposes'
Build it as strong as you please. I agree with
every word which has been said upon that subject;
but do not let us go oat of the way unnecessarily,
and assume what we do not intend to do at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say a word, and but
one word. I care very little how this is disposed
of; but if these vessels are made as strong and as
heavy as you make a war vessel in the navy-yards
of the United States, you have two results. In
the first place you will have less speed and a
greater draught of water; and that draught of
water, if you are going to enter Tampico, maybe
a very serious inconvenience. I sometime ago
asked a gentle-nan of some considerable experi-
ence in this business, how it was that a ton of
shipping made for the steam service of the United
States cost so much more than a ton of shipping,
made in the best manner, in a private yard? His
answer was substantially this: " If you could see
the work going on, you would comprehend it.
The proportion of metal which is put in a ship
like the 'Mississippi,' or the 'San Jacinto,'is
about twofold greater in a Government vessel than
in one of those well-made Collins steamers."
Now, if you £tre going to have a vessel of that de-
scription, I think you will defeat your own objects.
But still, it is a matter which I have not at heart.
I am quite willing to vote for this line, and take it
with this qualification.
Mr. RUSK. If you put it down to the lowest
bidder, and get such a contractor for that line as
you have for the public printing, your object will
be defeated.
The amendment was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 15.
Mr. BORLAND. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill, as an additional section:
Sec. 2. dnd be it further enacted, Tliat the Postmaster
General be leqmred to establish a daily mail, by a regular j
line, from Louisville, Kentucky, by the way ot the Ohio
and Mississippi livers, to New Orleans, supplying the sev-
eral post offices on the way, in the manner prescribed by
existing laws and regulations; and that the service Hereby
pio\ided lor, shall be procured under the general laws and
iemulations in respect to mail service, by open advertise-
ment and contract, provided the expense shall not exceed
,■$100,000.
I have offered that amendment to the .bill, in ac-
cordance with the views I expressed while speak-
ing at first upon the question. Great stress was
laid, by those who favored the bill, on the import-
ance of regular and proper lines of communication
between our country and foreign ports. I agree
with all they said on that subject; but I deem it
equally, and more important, that we should have
a proper line of communication between different
portions of our own country; and those who favor
the bill, as we have it before us, I think cannot
weil object to this amendment, when it is simply
extending the line of communication which they
propose. The bill provides for a regular and ef-
ficient mail communication between New Orleans
and Vera Cruz. This connects that with a regu-
lar line, from the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, to
New Orleans. It is a natural and necessary con-
nection; and I cannot see why we should reject
the one, if we adopt the other. I have stated be-
fore, the difficulties which we have in getting the
Post Office Department to establish this line. The
expense has been objected to; although, two years
ago, an offer was made in this city to the Post Of-
fice Department, to carry a mail line from Louis-
ville to New Oileans, supplying the offices by the
way, for $40,000 a year. It was rejected; it was
said to be too much. Now, we have agreed to
give as much as $100,000, for carrying the mail
throe times a month between New Orleans and
Vera Cruz. This proposes to carry a dally mail
fiom Louisville, Kentucky, by the way of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, to New Orleans, for
an amount within $100,000; supplying the wants
of a country, more extensive and more important
m every respect, and certainly commending itself
to our favorable consideration more strongly than
any other 1 have heard brought before Congress
tbis session.
Mr. CHASE. 1 hope my friend from Arkan-
sas will be kind enough to accept an amendment
to that amendment to make the termination of the
line Pittsburg, instead of Louisville.
Mr. BORLAND. I would have no objection
to amending it in that respect; but I exclude Pitts-
burg and Cincinnati, for the reason that they have
daily lines established on that route.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is a daily line
from Cincinnati to Louisville.
Mr. BORLAND. And from Louisville to Cin-
cinnati and Pittsburg. It is only extending to the
lower Ohio and Mississippi, down to New Orleans,
what the upper Ohio now has from Pittsburg to
Louisville. It keeps up the line of communica-
tion, and I cannot see, for my life, why there
should be any objection to it.
Mr. CHASE. There is a daily line, I know,
between Pittsburg and Cincinnati. I was not
certain whether they carried the mail through the
whole extent of the line. I now understand that
they do, and of course shall offer no amendment.
3itr. RUSK. I am not opposed to any propo-
sition of that description; and if the honorable
Senator will come forward at the proper time and
designate the sort of boats in which he proposed
that the mail shall be carried, I shall be prepared
to vote upon it. He does not get any advantage
by offering this amendment at all. This is not the
place for it. It may embarrass thia bill, but will
not accomplish his object.
Mr. BORLAND. I am unwilling to embarrass
the bill, for I am in favor of it; but I see no other
opportunity to accomplish my object. This is a
crying inconvenience; we are suffering under it
daily; complaints come up from the Mississippi
valley every day to Senators and Representatives
from that region. I know the honorable Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is in constant receipt
of appeals to him, both from his Legislature and
constituents, to aid in something of that sort. I
think thia is a good opportunity to do it, and I do
not see that there is any necessity for the alter-
ation proposed by the Senator from Texas, at least
in my view of the case. There is none, because
I would not prescribe the size or condition of the
boats. We have struck out a portion of this bill,
because it prescribed conditions in regard to the
kind of steamers. I have based my amendment
on the idea which I have carried out through all
my remarks.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to. It seems to me that if Senators would
consider the great inconvenience under which the
Western cities and towns labor in consequence of
the want of river mails, they would not hesitate
to grant this reasonable request. I shall not go
into the inconveniences in detail, because I am un-
willing to detain the Senate; but I assure Senators
that they are very great.
The bill which it is proposed thus to amend
commands my support upon the simple ground
that it provides for a necessary mail route in the
ordinary mode; and the amendment which is pro-
posed by the Senator from Arkansas is nothing
more nor less than extending this line to the port
of Louisville. It is unreasonable, it seems to me,
to ask that (he details of the construction of the
river steam-boats should be provided for in the
amendment, when everybody knows the charac-
ter of those boats. The Department surely may
be left to its discretion in this matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is true, as my
friend from Arkansas says, that this is a question
in which we feel a very deep interest; and I am
very sure that I should not acquit myself to my
constituents, or to my own views, of what is due
to the public interests, if I did not give my aid
and cooperation to the proposition which he sub-
mits. But I have no disposition to embarrass any
proposition of any Senator here; and as some gen-
tlemen think this is calculated to have that effect,
I would suggest to my friend whether it would
not be best for him to withdraw his amendment,
and let us throw ourselves upon the justice, upon
the enlarged and liberal view of the Senate, m a
separate proposition; and if we cannot demon-
strate to every Senator here, that it is due to that
portion of the country, that it is due to .patriotism,
that it is due to the convictions of justice and pro-
priety, that we should have this service, I do not
want it. I think that, with the aid of my friends
from Arkansas and Ohio, I can satisfy every Sen-
ator here that our interests have been neglected,
that our rights have been disregarded; and, with
that conviction on my mind, I respectfully ask my
friend from Arkansas to withdraw his proposition,
and let us stand on our own merits. If we have
not merit enough to sustain us, let u3 go down.
1 am willing to trust it to the generosity, to the
liberality, and to the justice of the Senate. Let
this proposition go for the present, and let us fight
on our own hook.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I thought that we
could get an opportunity of testing the matter
upon its merits, according to the suggestion of
my friend from Tennessee, I would very cheer-
fully go with him; but 1 am afraid that if we let
this opportunity slip, we shall never get another.
The day is rapidly coming, if it has not already
arrived, when there must be a daily communica-
tion to New Orleans from the mouth of the Ohio,
in large boats, and thence spreading out through
Illinois, by railroad, and up the Cumberland and
Tennessee, by other steamboats, of a smaller size,
if we cannot get a railroad communication. I
have been trying for years to get something like a
post office established" near the mouth of the Ohio,
which should be an office of distribution, in order
