24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 3,
manifest in its plain declarations, to. seek for hid-
den motives of action which he may choose to
denominate as corrupt and improper, as tending
to secure illicit ends by illicit means. I am ready,
for one, to say that I entertain the fullest sympa-
thy with Kossuth. I entertain the highest respect
for him. Let the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi pour forth his eloquence, and speak as never
man spake in behalf of the illustrious stranger to
whom he proposes to do honor; let him put it
upon the ground that it is because he has been true
in Hungary, true in England, and I trust in God
will be true here, to the maintenance of those prin-
ciples for the maintaining of which he is an exile.
The Senator cannot go beyond me. 1 feel it all.
I sympathize with it all, and I want to turn it into
no narrow or sectional current. I want it to do
what the honorable Senator says some narrow-
minded men are afraid that it will do—liberalize
the minds of many of the multitude, and in-
fuse Democratic sentiments into the hearts of the
great masses of the people. That is the very ob-
ject I propose. That is what I want. I wish
Kossuth to come here, in his very person, a living
reproach to despotism of whatever name and
"wherever it may be. I want him to go about
among the people of the land, the living advocate
of the rights of man, so that everybody, where-
ever he may be, who feels in his own breast that
he is guilty of any invasion or infraction of these
rights, when he looks into the face of Kossuth
may see there the lineaments that speak out re-
proach. Thatis the reason why I honor him, and
that is the reason why I wish him to come here.
There are other victims of oppression. There
are the victims of English oppression. The peo-
ple of this country have been moving lately to get
the kind offices of this Government to interfere in
behalf of O'Brien, Mitchell, and their associates.
I want this resolution to reach them. I want
to let it go just exactly as far as the history of
the United States goes". I want it to gt^ as was
eloquently said by a distinguished orator of
this country to Lafayette when he was here,
speaking to him of the voice of Washington
that was raised in his behalf, that that voice of
sympathy could reach him even in the dungeons
of Austria. Well, if there are victims of oppres-
sion m the dungeons of Austria, or of any other
Government on earth, I want this expression of
the sentiments of the American people to be broad
enough to reach them. I want Kossuth, and
Mitchell', and O'Brien, and everybody else that is
suffering in the great cause of human rights and
human liberty, to feel that here, without division
and without partiality, there is the entertainment
of an honest and earnest and zealous respect for
the course they have pursued.
It is the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
sir, who has undertaken to sectionahze, and local-
ize, and trtve a narrow meaning to words which,
in their fair import, admit of no such meaning. It
is he, if anybody, that has a mind so diseased
upon this subject, so gangrened with particular
local applications of a great principle, that he can-
not view it, in the light of a statesman, philanthro-
pist, and Christian. If he has any such, let him
lay them all aside. Let him be assured that in this
work at least, he shall have the sympathy and
cooperation of all those who love liberty, and re-
spect and venerate its advocates, irrespective of all
extraneous considerations and conditions. These
are the motives which I have. These are the mo-
tives which I entertain, and which have impelled
me to suggest the amendment which I propose to
offer. These are the motives which I stand by;
and I deny to the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, or to anybody else, the right to impute to
me any other motives than these. If these mo-
tives which I have disclosed are such as are un-
worthy the occasion, unworthy of the place, or
unworthy of the time, so be it. But they are the
motives which have impelled me, and which I
hope will be convincing with the majority of the
Senate, so as to get their consent to modify the
resolution. I hope that if it is so modified we
shall have the concunence of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, for it will make the resolution
general in its character. ^
Mr^FOOTE. Mr. President, there are some
gentlemen in this country whose principles are
well known, and with whose public course the
whole country is familiar. There are some public
speakers in Congress, and out of it, who have
been so much in the habit of discussing particular
public topics in a certain unvarying mode, that the
particular phraseology which they chance to em-
ploy, is perfectly understood by all who either hear
or read their speeches. Now, sir, were the ques-
tion propounded to any one here, what was the
precise meaning intended to be attached to the
amendment whose introduction has been menaced
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, and the
remarks with which it was accompanied; not the
least difficulty could be possibly experienced in
tfte rendition of a fitting response. Hear- the
language of this suggested amendment:
" And also to assure him and liis associates in exile of
the sympathy of the Congress and people of the United
States with the victims of oppression everywhere."
Now we all know well what class of our pop-
ulation is alluded to by the Senator from New
Hampshire, when he speaks of " the victims of
oppression." I have heard that very expression
from his lips about one thousand times, and it al-
ways has seemed to intimate the same thing pre-
cisely. It was obviously designed to be expressive
of a very peculiar sympathy for the colored races
of this continent; and there is not now a member
of the Senate that does not understand this amend-
ment precisely as I do. So confident am I on this
point, that I venture to assert that the Senator
himself dare not deny that such is the true inter-
pretation of the words of his proposed amend-
ment. Yet he has, I will not say the effrontery,
from regard to the rules of the Senate, but he has
such a wonderful amount of what may be called
self-confidence, as to enable him with a tolerably
unembarrassed countenance, to declare that he had
no such sinister allusion as that which I have
named. Sir, I was grieved and mortified to hear
the grave denial of the honorable gentleman of a
fact which appeared to me to admit of no negation
whatever. Sir, allow me to .aver that the honor-
able gentleman has not a personal friend in the
world who will not hang down his head-with
shame at such a denial made under such circum-
stances. Why, what is this proposition of mine?
It is simply a resolution which I have introduced,
with the approval of the Administration here, in
cordial cooperation with gentlemen from whom
I have differed considerably upon questions for-
merly existing, which resolution asserts the expe-
diency of providing a joint committee of the two
Houses of Congress for the purpose of consulting
as to the proper mode of receiving the renowned
champion of Hungarian freedom at the Metrop-
olis of the Union. This is all, sir, that I propose
to do; and yet the Senator from New Hampshire,
pretending all the while to be altogether friendly
to the object set forth in the resolution, offers an
amendment, the only effect of the adoption of
which every sane man in the world must perceive
could only have the effect of defeating all action on
the subject. I ask him now, Can he deny, in the
face of the Senate, that the proper interpretation of
the language to which 1 have objected is that which
I have affixed to it? Can he deny, m the hear-
ing of this body, that it was his intention to ex-
press, by that amendment, particular sympathy for
a certain portion of our population in the Southern
States not of his own color or complexion? He
cannot deny it, in my opinion, without the utmost
confusion of face; and were he to deny it a thou-
sand times, persons more illiberal than myself
might suppose the gentleman had for the moment
altogether forgotten himself. Yet he says that I
myself complain of his having intruded the deli-
cate topic of slavery upon the consideration of
the Senate. Why, I am perfectly willing to leave
the question between myself and the gentleman to
any enlightened portion of his own constituency
—indeed, to intelligent men anywhere; and I
should confidently expect a decision that the hon-
orable gentleman, if he intended by his amend-
ment, to forward the passage of my resolution,
has been particularly unfortunate in the adop-
tion of means not in the least degree adapted to
the attainment of his avowed object.
The gentleman has gone out of his way for the
purpose of bringing before the Senate a resolution
of which I yesterday gave notice. I shall not
discuss that resolution now. I know it would be
unparliamentary to do so. I only wish to offer a
few remarks in reply to some observations which
if unreplied to would tend to put me in a wrong
attitude before the country. The present Chief
Magistrate of the United States in his first annual
message declared that he recognized the series of
measures constituting together what is called the
plan of adjustment, as a definitive settlement of
the questions growing out of the system of do-
mestic slavery. The same high functionary, in
the message read to us yesterday, has again made
the same declaration. Good men, patriots of both
the old political parties North and South, have de-
clared by overwhelming majorities in favor of this
great scheme of pacification, and expressed their
earnest desire that the country should be quieted
on this subject now and forever. But there being
some little opposition to these measures presented
in several neighborhoods, and some indications of
contemplated resistance, of a character more or
less equivocal, it has been deemed expedient by
several patriotic and discerning persons with
whom I have had the honor to consult, that some
formal declaration should be made by the two
Houses of Congress, of a nature calculated to give
assurance to the different sections of the Union of
the existence of a reciprocal disposition in futuie
to do full justice to each other. This resolution
has been introduced for the purpose of quieting
excitement and promoting a speedy restoration to
a state of fraternal concord. Sir, it was neither
my wish nor my intention to discuss that resolu-
tion; it was my earnest wish and confident hope,
that the statesmen, the true patriots, the real phi-
lanthropists of the two Houses of Congress,
without regard to ancient party designations, as a
band of brothers, as an association of American
patriots, would adopt such a resolutiun and give
full and permanent quiet to the public mind.
Sir, if this debate had occurred two or three
years ago, it might have been proper for me to
have entered on a vindication of that system to
which the gentleman alludes as a system of oppres-
sion. Happily that system stands fully vindicated
by recent events before the habitable globe. Those
who reside in the section of country where I have
the honor to live, desire not at, all to propitiate
those who have deliberately resolved to hate us
and our cherished institutions, whose business it
has been for years past to decry us, and some of
whom have evinccd a willingness to do all that un-
scrupulous men could do for our degradation and
ruin. Thank God, the people of the United States,
without regard to sectional considerations, have
of late nobly rushed to the rescue of the constitu-
tional rights of that exposed section of the Union
which I in part represent on this floor. The voice
of faction is almost stilled even in places where
the counsels of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire were held in high regard, and the
noisy demagogues of the hour are beginning to
feel the visitations of that contempt which should
long since have withdrawn them from the view of
respectable and well-deserving citizens.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, J shall detain the
Senate but a few moments. I had hoped that this
resolution would have met with no opposition; for
we cannot conceal from ourselves the fact that it
will lose a great part of its value, both at home and
abroad,unless itmeets with the unanimous consent
of the two Houses of Congress. A strange spec-
tacle is passing daily. There is an upheaving of the
political system, of which no man can foretell the
consequences. The despotism of ages has pressed
upon most of the Governments. The people are
striving to recover their long-lost liberty, wading,
in the expressive language of Mr. Jefferson,
through seas of blood to accomplish that object.
Nation after nation rises in succession to break
the iron yoke of despotism, and nation after na-
tion is in succession put down by the union of the
despotic Governments of Europe. Yes, sir; as
soon as an attempt is made in one of the countries
of Europe to recover the liberty which was for-
merly wrested from them, there is a union of the
despotic powers, and they assume the right to
march there and to control the public opinion and
fortunes of that country. It is impossible but that
every lover of liberty throughout the world, cer-
tainly every lover of liberty in our own country,
should sympathize with these movements.
The great Hungarian leader needs no eulogy
from me. He wilf live in the brightest pages of
history. His eulogy is his conduct and his char-
acter through life. He has passed through the
fiery furnace of a revolution and come out of it
unscathed. He has been the leader of his coun-
try in one of the most terrible crises that a coun-
try ever passed through, and has never been sue-
