1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
to throw the letters for the western part of Ken- 1
tucky through that country, instead of going to i
Nashville and Louisville for distribution, and thus 1
delaying them for days. I admit that, if we could [
get at this in a separate bill, and have it attended ;
to, and make provision for a large class of boats
up to the termination of the Illinois railroad at
Cairo, and small boats above that, it might be bet- i
ter; but if you adopt the amendment, it seems to J
me that the Postmaster General will be forced,
of necessity, to make regulations which will ac- |
complish these objects, and will have the means
given him to make the proper arrangements upon '■
the subject. "When you require the duty, it com- !
municates the means necessary to perform and
execute it; and I think, if the amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas is adopted, the Postmas- j
ter General will have the means granted for the
purpose of executing these objects which I know,
from years of experience, to be so essentially ne-
cessary to promote the correspondence of my sec-
tion of the country. We suffer, to an enormous
extent, the evils which 1 have mentioned, in hav-
ing our letters sent to Nashville and Louisville for
distribution; whereas, if we could have something
like this communication, and an office established
near the mouth of the Ohio, which is the nearest
point of the Mississippi for a large portion of'
Kentucky, in communication with New Orleans, |
our great commercial emporium, it would be of'
immense value. These are the reasons which in- j
duce me to vote now for this amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. An appeal has been made j
to me by my friend from Tennessee, to withdraw j
my amendment. I am very unwilling to resist an ;
appeal of that sort, coming from any quarter, and
especially from a quarter in which so much inter- j
est is felt for the success of the very measure I
have proposed. But I have been like the honor- 1
able Senator from Kentucky in that respect: I
have been waiting so long; and when I made this
proposition before, I was told, as I have been on ;
this occasion, that it was the wrong time, and the I
wrong place. I despair of ever finding the proper j
place, if this be not the proper time and place. I I
know the very natural desire which the Senator |
from Louisiana, and all those who favor the bill— |
and I join in that desire—have to establish the line '
which he proposes. I go most cordially and earn-
estly for it; but that desire cannot be as strong as
that which we who live in the Mississippi valley
must feel in the establishment of the line which I
propose. We have been put to this inconvenience
so long, that we have become sore under what we |
consider the neglect and injustice of the Govern- j
ment. It is under that feeling that I have brought !
forward this proposition. No one pretends to 1
advance any objection to it. 1 do not hear any ;
objection urged to the measure itself; the only 1
objection is, that it is brought forward at the
wrong time. Here is a growing evil, which it is
proposed to remedy, now we have an opportunity
to put the remedy in this bill, which is about to
go through, and go to the other House, and prob-
ably get through there m a short time. If we fail
to do it now, we shall have to take up the matter I
from the beginning, go through all the regular '
forms of legislation, and be held to the rule of
following the Calendar, and the close of the session
will come before we have accomplished anything
towards relieving ourselves of this crying evil.
For these reasons, I do not feel that I should be
performing my duty by withdrawing the propo-
sition. I think it very likely, from the indications
that I have seen, that it will be voted down, but
my sense of duty will not permit me to withdraw
it.
Afv. BR.OOKE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Arkansas to increase the amount that he has
specified in his amendment. I have been informed
b'v persons who are conversant with the business
of mail transportation that a daily mail cannot be
carried from New Orleans to Louisville for that
sum. It will require fourteen boats at a cost of
from >$15,000 to £20,000 each; and those boats
could not depend much upon passengers, because,
being compelled to stop at various places on the
river, they would necessarily be delayed, and pas-
sengers would seek their passages in other boats.
' I Wish the Senator would withdraw the amend-
ment, because I feel as much interest ill it as he
does; and I am unwilling to risk a measureof such
vast 'importance to the Mississippi valley as an
amendment to another independent measure.
Mr. BORLAND. I would say to the Senator
from Mississippi that I fixed the sum of & 100,000
for this reason : As far back as 1847, in response
to an advertisement of the Post Office Department,
the proposal was made to take the contract at
$100,000; and since that time, to my own knowl-
edge, a competent and responsible individual has
come to Washington and offered to the Depart-
ment to perform it for $40,000, and give ample
security for the faithful performance of the duty.
But since it seems to be the wish of those who are
as much interested m this matter as 1 am, and who
desire it as earnestly as I do, I will withdraw the
amendment.
The bill as amended was then reported to the
Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON asked for a division of the
question on concurring in the amendments made
in Committee of the Whole, so as to separate the
last—-viz; to strike out " to war purposes and"—
front the others.
Thequestion being taken on all the amendments
but the last, they were concurred in.
The question then recurred on the amendment
to strike out the words " to war purposes and."
Mr. ATCHISON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon concurring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 94, nays 20; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Borland, Bradbury,
Brodiiead, Brooke, Cha*e, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dod^e of Iowa, Fish, Geyer, Hauler, Jones of
Iowa, King, Mallory, Mason, Miller, Sumner, Underwood,
Wade, and Walker—24.
NA Y^—Messrs. Atchison, Badsier, Clemens, Dawson,
Douglas, Downs, Foot, Gwm, ftale, liamlin, Jones oi
TeniiOsj-ee, Morton, Norri-3, Pratt, Rusk, SebasUan, Sew-
ard, Smith, Soute, and tipruance—20.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SOULE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing at the end of it the words, " not exceeding
six months," so that it will read, " the same to
be ready within the shortest time, not exceeding
six months."
Mr. WALKER. Iam inclined to think that that
amendment ought not to be made; for if competi-
tion is to be invited, this may defeat the entire
object, for there may be but one party, and that
the party originally named in the bill, vjho can
possibly be ready m six months. Hence this may
defeat the object which we have in view in inviting
competition.
Mr. SOULE. I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 31, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution submitted by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Clark] to close debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the special order—the homestead bill.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit an amendment to House
bill No. 7—the homestead bill—merely with the
view of having it printed and laid upon the table,
so that members may have it before them when it
is proposed to the bill. I hope there may be no
objection. I will not detain the House by asking
that it be read.
There was no objection, and the amendment was
ordered to be printed, and laid upon the table.
■ Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to introduce a
joint resolution in reference to an entirely local
matter. It will occupy very little time.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I am very sorry to object.
There are many of us who want to introduce res-
olutions. I hope that an hour or two, by unan-
imous consent, may be devoted to the reception
of resolutions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I trust that the gen-
tleman will not interpose objection It is with
regard to a matter entirely local, but oi much
interest to my constituents. #
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I will not object;
but I would, however, like an hour to be devoted
to the reception of reports oi committees.
Mr. HENDRICKS then introduced a joint res-
olution " Construing an act in relation to military
land warrants," approved August 14,1848; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. H. If there be objection, I will ask that
it be referred; if not, that it may be acted upon.
There being objection, the joint resolution was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. We waste much time every
morning by endeavoring to get business in out of
order. Now, if we will all agree to let business
come up in order, we will accomplish all we desire,
and not consume half of the time that we now do
in endeavoring to press in business out of order.
We now, in truth and fact, accomplish nothing.
Mr. McCORKLE. I would inquire if it is in
order to read lectures under the rules? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON I am not lecturing the House.
I only ask that we shall proceed in the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced the regular order of business to be the
proposition made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Clark,] to close debate on t,he homestead
bill in two hours after the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union shall have resumed its
consideration.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay that resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. CLARK. I will (as the indication seems
to be a desire to debate this question at length,
which I did not anticipate,) withdraw my resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask, then, that reports of
committees be called for. The regular business in
order, I know, is the bill in relation to punish-
ments in the Navy; and, as the printing of that
bill has been called for, I hope that it will not be
pressed for a day or two, but that it will be inform-
ally passed over.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. To that I
have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] asks that, by unanimous
consent, the House will pass over informally the
regular order of business—which is the motion
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Joxes]—to lay upon the table the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the naval bill was
rejected, and receive reports from the standing
committees. Is that the wish of the House? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. STANLY. I should like to know if the
proposition is to take up the report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, where we left off, and
discuss that, an hour, or receive reports generally,
which will give rise to no debate ?
Mr. KING, of New York. Let us have them
m their order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition was to pro-
ceed to call the committees for reports.
Mr. STANLY. Did we not stop upon the last
call of the bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, making a grant of lands for a rail-
road? What is the use of proceeding to call for
1 reports? We cannot get in any other reports.
I Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will say to the gentleman
i from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] that we must
I rely upon the generosity of the Committee on
i Public Lands to let us pass on, and get to other
j committees. We cannot progress until we do;
| and I hope, therefore, that the House will pursue
| such a course as will let us get through.
I The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of tiie
I House to pass by the motion to reconsider the
| rote by which the bill providing for punish-
! ments in the Navy was defeated the other day?
j The Chair hears no objection that it shall be passed
: by informally, and come up in its order hereafter.
' Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Will it come up
to-morrow1
I The SPEAKER. It will.
| NAVIGATION OF THE OHIO RIVER.
! Mr. EVANS. I rise to a privileged question.
! The House, yesterday, on motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] not now
| in his seat, passed the following resolution:
: ■< Retolrei, That the President of the T'nited States beand
i is hereby requested to cause to he communicated to this
House ttie oi urinal manuscript copy of the report (now on
file in thp office of Colonel Long, of the Topographical En-
gineers) of Captain Thomas C. Cram, on the best mode of
: improving the navigation of the Ohio river at the faJls at
] LouHville, made «d February, 1844, with the original maps
accompanvingthe same, or a true copy of the said repert
from the said original, and certified by Colonel Long to be
1 true."
