185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
Ohio, who, as a separate and distinct tribe, were dwelling
upon lands of their own, in a distinct region."
This last sentence of the report is all nonsense,
and not worth the reading. The two tribes spoke
the same language: the one provided for the other i
by a treaty, and there are other important intrinsic
facts which show they were the same, and divided
perhaps years before by some unfortunate intes-
tine feud. Schoolcraft would- tell a different tale
in his Indian History and Statistics.
" One of the stipulations of the treaty of 1825
* was, that the lands in question should be con-
* veyed by patent, in fee-simple, to the Missouri
* Shawnees. By patent in fee-simple, these fifty
miles were secured to the Shawnees. " This pro-
vision was complied with on the 11th May, 1844,"
during Mr. Tyler's administration, for the first
time. There was the treaty standing unperformed
all the time from 1855 to 1844, dm ing all of which
time they were entitled to a patent in fee-simple.
" The provision was complied with on the 11th
( of May, 1844, when a patent was issued to them,
4 following the conditions of the treaty. It con-
* veyed the fifty miles square of land on the Kan- ■
' sas to the Shawnees of Missouri, for themselves !
i and those of the same nation" who were residing
in Ohio, subject to the right secured to the " Ohio
band of Shawnees." Now, these two bands of
Shawnees had been separated for many years—
we do not know how long. But there is, we see,
a provision made in the treaty of 1855, with the
Missouri Shawnees, though separated hundreds
of miles from the Ohio Shawnees, by which fifty 1
miles square should be conveyed to the Missouri !
Shawnees for their benefit, and the joint benefit of !
the Ohio Shawnees, whenever they should remove
west of the Mississippi. But th this right," that
is, the nght of the Ohio Shawnees so called, " as •
will appear hereafter, was only a right of occu-
pancy, (so says this report,) no consideration
passing fiom them." The Ohio Shawnees paid
nothing for the right, it is true. " They were at
the time living in the State of Ohio, on lands
owned by them, in their own exclusive right."
But by the treaty of 1825, they were provided for,
and by the language of the treaty, as well as the
patent, they have a full interest m the fee, and
cannot be forced out of it by the action of the Mis-
souri Shawnees.
Now, sir, we come to the other band, the Ohio
Shawnees. " On the 8th of August, 1831, the
1 United States executed a treaty with the Shaw-
< necs of Ohio, by which they agreed to grant to this
< division of the tribe, by patent infee-simpletothem,"
as the language of the treaty expressly says,
" and to their heirs forever, as long as they shall
i exist as a nation, and remain upon the same, a
i tract of land to contain one hundred thousand
4 acres, within ike tract of land tqual to fifty miles
' square which, as above-mentioned, had been be-
' fore granted to the Shawnees of Missouri." This
is the treaty of 1831. " The consideration to the
i United States of the cession of the said hundred
(thousand acres on the Kansas, was the lands
£ owned or claimed by them in the State of Ohio."
These lands the United States received from the
Indians, in considerniion of conveying lands to
the Indians; lands winch they (the tTnited States)
had already sold, and m which these Indians
already had an interest, although they did not
know it, secured to them through their brethren of
Missouri in the treaty of 1825, from whom, at that
time, they were widely separated, and of whose
existence even they may have been ignorant.
Thus these Ohio Shawnees ceded all the lands
they had in Ohio, and the consideration paid by
the United States was one hundred thousand acres
of land which the United States had already sold, and
already received pay for, and which they thus sold
a second time. A singular position this—for a
people to sell a second time what they had already
sold, and receive pay a second time for what they
had already received pay for, and to a part of the
same people who had paid for it in the first place,
and who owned it, and had a joint fee-simple in-
terest in it at the very lime rt was a second time pur-
chased.
Now, if there is any conscience among men—
any honor in the Government—and I have doubted
whether there could be an element of that char-
acter reckoned upon in this soulless corporation—
after I have seen men, intrusted so highly as we
are here, vote in the way 1 have seen them vote
upon matters of this character—I say if there is
any conscience among men—any honor in the
Government, the consideration a second time paid
to the United States, and now lying in your Treas-
ury, must be paid to these people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS here obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow me
a few words more in explanation. I will occupy
but a few moments, I assure him.
Mr. PHELPS. I will yield for a few mo-
ments.-
Mr. JOHNSON. I will then proceed, and I
will comment no longer upon that kind of spirit
which; out of mere suspicion as to whether a
measure is right or not, will not examine to see
whether it is right, and, from mere suspicion, will
vote dishonor upon the escutcheon of the nation
itself. 1 will make no fui ther remarks about that,
but continue with thestatement in this paper. " It
was also stipulated, that if there .should not be a
sufficiency of good land unoccupied by the Shaw-
nee Indians," those already on the Kansas river,
those who had already settled on the tract, then
the one hundred thousand acres thereby granted to
the Shawnees of Ohio should be located on land
contiguous." If they had taken the one hundred
thousand acres of land contiguous, then there
would have been some consideration for the lands
they had ceded to the United States in Ohio. They
went over among their brethren alter this, and
found their brethren ready to receive them with
open arms. They settled down amongst them,
and intermarried, and they are one people. Their
interests are common, their friendships and aftec- \\
tions are altogether. They have settled, and are i
at home there, and live upon the rights which j
were secured to them under the treaty of 1825 ,
with the old original Cape Girardeau Shawnees. I
They have never thought of taking the lands con- 1
tignous. I
"The United States further agiee, that upon the <=nle of |
the lands m Oluo, the proceeds ol tho^o laud.-., after deduct- i
ing seventy cents pet acie. tiie cot«l ol Mitvuy, and obtain ,
improvement-, shall constitute a jive per centum tuud tor (
the future necessities ol the tube."
The United States was to reserve seventy cents
per acre, so that there can be no difficulty in making
the estimate of what is the true consideration
paid over. The whole of those lands have been
surveyed and sold, as the records of the General
Land Office show.
" When the lands in Ohio were surveyed, there
4 were found to be 96,051 acres, which have been
' sold by this Government for $126,551. The
i cost of the sale and the improvements mentioned
' in the treaty, amounted to $21,005 40, which,
' together with the seventy cents per acre, was
' deducted from the aggregate amount received for
' the land" in Ohio bought from the Indians,
" and the remaining sum of ^,39,300 18, now con-
f stitute a fund upon which live per cent; per an-
' hum is paid by the Uni'td Stales for the use of
4 the Ohio Shawnees." All they e\er got out of
what their lands actually brought, was £>39,000,
and the seventy cents per acre was what liie Um- j
ted States got from them, wnhoutgiving them one i
cent'of consideration for it. j
" The aggregate amount of seventy cents per !
' acre, which was deducted from the sum received !
' for the land, is £66,246 23, and remains in the
4 Treasury," and is the amount of money which,
by the amendment 1 shall offer to the Indian ap-
propriation bill, is asked shall be refunded to the
Shawnee Indians. |
Now, sir, the question is, how shall it be re- j
funded? The Ohio Shawnees, as it is claimed by
their agents here, or was claimed, demand that
they shall receive it, bccause it teas for their latids.
But the Missouri Shawnees say that they have
furnished the consideration in this fifty miles
square, which the United States was bound to
furnish, and demand the consideration which the
United Slates received for it. If we pay o\er the
amount to the Ohio Shawnees, the Missouri Shaw-
nees might well come forward and say to the Uni-
ted States, "Wefurnished theland,and we demand
the money which you received, as an equitable
settlement, if, indeed, it be not a legal right; and
thus y&u may have to pay it over again. It would be
at least a troublesome case for a kind heart or a
tender conscience. If, upon the other hand, we pay
it to the Missouri Shawnees, the Ohio Shawnees
may say, "That under the treaty of 1825, though
4 it is true we paid nothing for it, still our joint rights
* were provided and secured m thefiftymiles square.
4 It was our land you got for nothing in Ohio. Your
* payments to the Missouri Shawnees are made
4 in your own wrong, and we make our demand. "
Thus we might have to pay to them this sum -
again. Therefore it is that I have offered tfye
amendment in the way I have, after full consulta-
tion, "fox the payment to the Shawnees (em-
' bracing the whole tribe) of the moneys due to
4 them under and by virtue of the treaties of the
4 7th of November, 1825, apd the 8th of August,
4 1831, between the United States and said tribe of
4 Indians, the amount being $66,246 23," with a
proviso, however, that the said tribe of-Indians
shall first express their assent to this method of
settlement, and that the payment of the above
sum, equally to the whole tribe, shall be satisfac-
tory in discharge of this debt by the United States.
If we pay it to one tribe we may have to pay it to
the other. Their rights stand equally balanced,
and we should pay it equally among them all, and
not until they express their assent that it shall be
so received by them, in satisfaction of the debt.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 will not trespass longer
upon the time of my "friend, [Mr. Phelps,] and
will yield the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I would not
have sought the floor to- addiess the committee,
were it not that charges have been made by two
membeis of the Committee on Indian Affairs
against a gentleman whom I have always esteemed
as a faithful officer and as an honorable man. I
knew Wm. Medill when he'was Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. You say charges
by two members. I have not charged. I cast no
imputation against him, because I expressly "said
that the facts were there, and I would not permit
myself to draw a conclusion, or to makea charge,
knowing that he had no chance to be heard.
Mr. PHELPS. Then it is to avoid inferences
which may be drawn by persons who may read -
the remarks of my friends from Indiana and Ar-
kansas that censure is due Colonel Medill in the
negotiating of this treaty.
Mr. FITCH. If there be a charge made in
stating the evidence of the Indian Bureau, commu-
nicated in part by Mr. Medill himself, and part by
others, m full, the charge has been made.
Mr. PHELPS. I take the position, looking to
the documents before me, that Colonel Medill is
fully exonerated from practicing any fraud upon
the Menomonees in the negotiation of the treaty of
1848. But it is true I have not before me the offi-
cial documents, by which I mean the letters and
other evidence on file in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. I have, however, the
annual report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs made to the Secretary of the Interior, where-
in he introduces and refers to extracts taken from
the evidence on both sides. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Fitch] took occasion to refer to the
charactcr of Mr. Brucc, whose Setter is upon fi'e
fully exonerating the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs from any misrepresentation to the Menomo-
nee Indians at the time of the negotiation of ihe
treaty. With regard to the character of Mr.
Bruce, perhaps the gentleman from Indiana and
myself will not disagiee. But were there not other
men—honorable men—who filled and who are
filling high and responsible stations in the country,
who gave the same testimony Mr. Bruce gave?
I will refer to one gentleman, Hon. Morgan L.
Martin, who was a Delegate from the Territory of
"Wisconsin, and with whom I served here in the
, Twenty-ninth Congiess. He Was the president,
I I believe, of the convention which framed the
j constitution of the State of Wisconsin, and he also
| had the confidence of the administration of Mr.
; Polk, for he was appomed commissioner to ne-
] gotia'te treaties with the Indians. He testifies in
I relation to this matter, that the representations to
1 which the gentleman from Indiana refers as having
i been made to the Indians at that time, were not
made, and that he was present at the time of the
negotiation of the treaty.
i Mr. FITCH, If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state a distinction between their state-
ments.
Mr. PHELPS. One is a letter, and the other
is sworn to.
Mr. FITCH. The statements the gentleman
refers to, of the position of the Christian party,
are me e statements. The charge is sustained by
