1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ten gentlemen under oath. There is a very broad
distinction.
Mr. PHELPS. I am willing to that. But
first, Mr. Chairman, let us refer to the instruc-
tions given to Colonel Medill, when he was ap-
pointed the commissioner to negotiate this treaty
with the Menomonees. There was a controversy
as to the extent of their rights—some contending
their territory was less than 2,000,000 acres;
but upon a reference of this matter to the Attor-
ney General of the United States, he stated that
he was of the opinion there were upwards of
3,000,000 acres of land to which the Menomo-
nees had a title. That was then assumed as the
basis upon which the treaty was to be negotiated.
The Attorney General said they had title to
3,0i!3,800 acres of land. I will now read the fol-
lowing extract from the instructions given to Col-
onel Medill by the then Secretary of War, under
whose jurisdiction Colonel Medill at that time
was:
c( In consequence of the conflict and confusion as to tlie
true boundaries of the Menomonee connfiy within the lim-
its of the State of Wisconsin, [ have taken the opinion of
the Attorney General of the United States on lite subject,
and inclose to j ou a copy for your m.'in {nation. The Presi-
dent is disposed to treat the Indians with kindness and lib-
erality; and wiiiie the extreme claims of the Menomonees
to territmy ahead)' puichased by the United Slates fiom the
Chippewas and WnmebJi^oe-s cannot be leeoamzed, you
may, it a treaty can be effected at a cost per acie of the es-
timated quantity of land wuhin the limits* suggested by the
Attorney General, not exceeding that paid by the United
States under the treaty with the Menomonees of September
3 </, 1338, piovide in the tieaty for the puieha^e of all their
claims to lands ui Wisconsin, and stipulate for the payment
of a sum not eTrfeihn^the same ratable price as m the same
treaty ohove rcjcri ed to; the quantity of land estimated to
be within these limits, and to form the basis ot your calcu-
lation or'puec, is three millions twenty-three thousand and
eight hundred acres.'5
The instructions to the commissioner then were
positive that he must assume there were three
million twenty-three thousand eight hundred acres
of land, to which the Menomonees had a title, as
the basis upon which the treaty was to be made.
He could not, under the instructions given him
by his superior officers, recognize any right in the
Menomonees to an excess over that quantity.
The instructions were, that he might allow a price
not exceeding that which had been paid to the
Menomonees per acre by the treaty of September
3d, 1S36. We have only this extract fiom the
instructions to that commissioner, but, as a matter
of course, the instructions which have always
been given by the Secretary of War, when the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was under the
jurisdiction of that Department, and by the Secre-
tary of the Interior since it has been placed under
the jurisdiction of his Department, are, that you
shall not give exceeding a certain amount. Fur-
thermore, the instructions are generally directed
to the purchase of the land at alow price, and not
forftl 25 per acre; for there is no land we have
purchased from the Indians that we have paid
$L 25 per acre for. The price has varied from
three to fifty rents per acre. Recently a treaty was
negotiated with Indians living within the Territory
of Minnesota, represented by my friend before me,
for the purchase of certain land. I do not know
the price they were paid, but I have no doubt the
Delegate wiil mfoim us.
Mr. SIBLEY. They were paid a little over
ten cents per acre—between ten and eleven.
Mr. PD ELPS. Large tracts of land within the
limits of Minnesota Territory have been negotiated
for by the present Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and purchased at a price not far from ten
cents per acre, just about the same price stipulated
to be paid the Menomonees by the treaty of 1848.
Mr. FITCH here made a remark entirely in-
audible to the Reporter.
Mr. PHELPS. "Upon the basis given him in
his instructions for the treaty, he could not recog-
nize an excess, because he was instructed by the
Secretary of War to assume that they had title to
3,023,800 acres of land-, and he paid ^350,000 for
the tracts which he did purchase from the Me-
nomonees. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
remarks as follows:
<•' Some controversy had arisen in relation to the extent
and boundaties of the country owned bv these people, the
principal chief claiming neaily eight millions ofacics, whilst
the Department coi.ceded to them a much less quantity.
The matter was rerericd to the Attorney General, who,
uponaiuH examination of the numeious treaties hereto-
fore made, as well with this as the various other tubes
which formerly inhabited that region of countiy, gave ail
elaborate and satisfaetoiy opinion on the subject. I was
accordingly limited, in the recognition of their rights, as will
be seen by the letter of instructions, to 3,023,80LI acres, and
to the same rate of compensation therejor which was paid
for the land acquired from the same tribe by the treaty of
1836."
He acted within his instructions, and received
the approval of the Secretary of War and of the
President of the United States for his conduct m
that negotiation. The treaty was subsequently
ratified by the Senate. When did you hear the
charges of fraud and misrepresentation ? I say
they are made by some traders or half-breeds,
who desire to receive more of the money of the
Government. The statement was made under
oath, I will say, that some of these persons
charged the commissioner had represented to
them at the time of the negotiation, that they
owned but 1,600,000 acres of land, and that he
threatened, unless they signed the treaty pre-
sented to them, he would disgrace some of their
chiefs—that he would depose them and install
others into their position. These are the repre-
sentations which have been made by these half-
breeds and traders, who are living with the Me-
nomonees. .Who were present when the treaty
was executed? There were present gentlemen of
character and standing, whose letters are as much
a guarantee of truth, contained over their signa-
tures, as the oath of an employee of an Indian
trader or a half-breed.
By reputation 1 have some knowledge of the
character of the half-breeds and of a class of
white men who resort to the Indian country. You
have heard the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
charge that when money was to be disbursed to
the Indians that they were defrauded of the rights
by white men. The charges of misrepresentation
are made by this class of men against Colonel
Medill. One of the gentlemen who speak of the
complaints made by the Indians about the man-
ner of the negotiating of this treaty denominates
them a "tissue of cunning fabrication."—"looks
upon it as a scheme to get money out of the
Treasury." Of the character of Mr. Brace, as I
have already stated, I have nothing to say. Of
Morgan L. Martin I have already spoken. The
member upon this floor representing his district is
well aware of his character and high standing.
1 will also refer to A. G. Ellis, a gentleman with
whom 1 have no personal acquaintance. 1 find that
A. G. Ellis and M. L. Martin, were by Mr.
Poik's administration appointed commissioners to
negotiate treaties with the Stockbridge and other
tribes of Indians residing m the Northwest Terri-
tory. A. G. Ellis was a witness to the negotia-
tion of this tieaty, and at that time an Indian sub-
agent. I have before me the treaty signed by
Colonel Medill as commissioner, and by the In-
dians, and signed and sealed in the presence of
Albert G. Ellis, Morgan L. Martin, Samuel
I Ryan, and several other gentlemen. The present
I Commissioner of Indian Affairs reporting upon
! this case refers to some of the testimony. I will
j read the statement of the testimony of these gen-
j tlemen in connection with that of Mr. Bruce:
I " William H. Biuco, tne sub-agent, to whom a copy of
] the petition had been transmuted by tins office, states that
| he was present at the making ot the ueaty, and denies that
] an} thing dciogatory to the eharaetei of the gentlemen em-
! ploj ed in making it took place. He adds, if a mistake was
! made by.Mr. Medill, it was owing to the maps beloie him.
, lie also submits—
I u 1-t. A letter from the lion. M. L. Martin, in which it
j is stated that he (Mi. Maitm) wa-s present with Cominis-
j MonerMPdiil at the making: ot the tieaty, and that every
! charge, either direct or by implication, against the latter, of
■ imptoper conduct, is destitute ot truth.
I "2d. A letter tiom A. G. Ellis, in which it is stated that
! the charges against Mr. Medill ate giatuitous and mah-
j cious ; tnat the lattei exhibited great kindlier and patience
i to, and u-ed no concealment with, the Indians; that the
I opposition to the treaty came, not fioin the Indians, hut
! tiom the half-breed*, the tiaders. and their nu^sionaiy.
, The deposition of Samuel Ryan, which sustains
I the foregoing; and,
[ "Mill. A letter from Colonel Francis Lee, United States
I Army, m whirh he tjaj with some facts to give plausibility
to the whole, the petition of the Chn^tian party is a tissue
I of cunning fabrication ; looks upon it as a scneme to get
| money out of the Treasury."
j Now, these are the witnesses who testify to the
, conduct of Colonel Medill at the time this treaty
| was negotiated. We have the testimony of a
I Lieutenant Colonel of the Army of the united
I States, who can have no inducement to misrepre-
I sent. He has no personal interest at stake. His
! profession calls him to maintain and defend the
j honor and the rights of this nation. The station
| he occupies stamps with truth every assertion he
makes. He would as soon falsify his oath as to
make a statement under his hand that is untrue.
It is only for the purpose of presenting this testi-
mony in relation to the conduct of Colonel Medill
at the time these negotiations took place with the
Menomonees—it is to remove the inference of any
improper conduct on the part of Mr. MediU, from
the charges which have been made here, tending
to inculpate and censure him, or cast even a
shadow of suspicion upon him, that I am induced
at this time to refer to these things, I regret that
I did not know this matter was coming up. I am
sorry that either myself or some gentleman from
the State of Ohio had not been furnished with this
evidence for the purpose of making a more com-
plete defense of Mr. Medill's character—knowing
him, as I do, to be a noble and honest man, and a
faithful officer.—one who has sought the interests
of the Government, and, as 1 believe, those of the
Indians also, and which can be easily shown by
reference to the public documents of the country.
For five years I had a personal acquaintance with
him, and the greater part of that time he held the
office of Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Prior
to that time, he had held a seat m the House. At
this time he is the Lieutenant Governor of the
State of Ohio. His character for honesty is above
reproach. I have defended him from the charge
of fraud or misrepresentation in negotiating this
treaty.
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not wish to detain
the committee but for a few moments. The ground
upon which the Committee on Indian Affairs ask
the appropriation for the Menomonee Indians is
most extraordinary, and involves a most grave
and serious charge against an eminent citizen of
my State, the former Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a motion, to see whether the commit-
tee will not have a recess and meet again this
evening for discussion?
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not desire to occupy
the attention of the committee more than ten min-
utes, and therefore I prefer speaking now, and
finish the discussion. I say, the ground upon
which this appropriation is asked is a most ex-
traordinary one. I do not rise for the purpose of
resisting the influence of the argument made in
favor of this appropriation; but standing as I do
here, one of the Representatives from Ohio, I feel
bound, in consideration of public duty, to inter-
fere m this debate, in order to exculpate an ab-
sent friend, who had no knowledge that an attack
would be made upon him in this House, and what
I may say is without examination, or any pre-
tended knowledge of the facts further than they
have been disclosed here.
That I may proceed understanding^, I will
repeat the charge, as I understand it, mid as I ap-
prehend it was understood by the committee.
I will do the honorable gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] the justice and credit to say, that
he has not himself indorsed this charge. If I
have understood the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch]—and if I am wrong, I wish he would
correct me—he started out with the assertion that
he desired to call the attention of the delegation
from Ohio, particularly, to what he would state,
inasmuch as he was about to state harsh things
against an individual who stood high in that State.
I consequently paid particular attention as the gen-
tleman proceeded to state his charge, and I call
his attention to some facts, which I consider ma-
terial in the defense of this case.
The charge, substantially, is this: that Colonel
Medill being armed with power from the Govern-
ment, proceeded to the Territory of Wisconsin,
in order to make a treaty with the Indians resid-
ing within that Territory ; that prior to this the
Government had given him information, predi-
cated upon the statement made by the Attorney
Geneial, of the extent of the possessions of the
Indians within that Territory; that he went there
with a full knowledge of all the facts upon which
his action was to be predicated; that in the face of
this information and the truth, he said to these In-
dians that they had but about 1,600,000 acres of
land, for which he was to treat, when he knew
that they possessed and claimed about 5,000,000
of acres, and by threats and falsehood obtained
from them a cession of all their territory, under a
general grant. That is the nature of the charge.
Superadded to that is the charge, that when the
