1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
JMBxUPillS AND CHARLESTON RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB. I regret that, the fingers upon tha*
clock point so nearly to the hour of one, for I have
a very important bill to report to the House; and
I wish we had more time to dispose of it. I ask
the attention of the House while the bill is read. I
ask that it may be read for information.
The bill having been read the first and second
time by its title, was read through, as follows:
A BILL granting the light of way to the State of Alabama,
and a portion ot' the public lands, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Memphis, in the State of Terme>-
see, to intersect the Charleston, Chattanooga, and Nash-
ville railroad^, in Alabama.
lie it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That the right of way through the public lands be,
and the same is hereby, "ranted to the State of Alabama,
for the construction of a railroad from Memphis, Tennes-
see, to intersect the Chaile-ton, Chattanooga, and Nash-
ville raihoad, at a point in Jackson county, Alabama, with
the right, also, to take necessary materials of earth, stones,
timber, &c , lor the construction thereof: Provided, That
the rurht ot \va\ -dial! not exceed one hundred feet on each
rule oi the length theioof, and a copy of the survey of said
road, undei the direction of the Legislature of ?ai.l State,
shall ho fouvarded to the propel local land offices ie>peet-
ivelv, and to the General Land Office at Washington city,
within ninety da> s alter the completion of the same.
Src. *2. Andbeit further enacted, That there be, and i*
hereby, gi anted to the State of Alabama, for the purpo>e of
aiding m constructing said road, every alternate section of
land designated b\ even numbers, lor six sections in width
on each <-ide oi said road; but in ca<e it shall appear that
the United .States have, when the line or route of said road
ii-v definitely fixed by the authority aforesaid, «old any part
of any hcclion hereby granted, f>r that the right of preemp-
tion has attached to the same, then it shall be lawful for
any agent, or agents, to be appointed by the Governor of
said State, to select, subject to the appioval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, for the purpose aforesaid, of the lands
remaining to the United States in said sections, one half
theieof in alternate parts, so far as may be piacticable.
And said agent or agents may, subject to the approval afore-
said, select trotn the lands ot the United States most con-
tiguous to the tier of sections aforesaid, and not more than
fifteen miles from the line of said road on each side thereof,
so much land in alternate sections, or part-* of sections, as
shall be pqual to such lands a> the United States have sold,
or to which the right of preemption lias attached as afore-
said, which lands being equal in quantity to one half of six
sections, m width on each side of said road, the State of
Alabama shall have and hold to and tor the u e and purpose
aforesaid, and said land shall be disposed of only as the
construction of said road progresses, and shall be applied
to no other purpose whatever.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which by such grant shall remain
to the United Slates within mx miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. 4. Jlndhe it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to the said State, shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature thereof, lor the purposes aforesaid, and no
other; and the said Legislature be, and is hereby, author-
ized and required to dispose of the proceeds of the *ales of
said land« in the construction of said road, under such con-
ditions, limitations, and restrictions, as will secuie the ben-
efits- thereof to the people of said State, and the said road
shall be and remain a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States, free from all toll or other
chaige, upon the tiansportation ot any pioperty or hoops of
the United States.
Slc. 5. vind he it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to -aid Stare", shall be disposed of by said State only
in manner following, that is to say: that a quantity of land
not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections, and in-
cluded \Mthm a continuous length of twenty miles of said
road mav be sold; and when the Governoi of said State
shall certiU to the Secretary of the Interior that said twenty
continuous" miles of said road is completed, then another
like quuntm oi land hereby granted maybe sold, arid «o
from time to" tune, until said road is completed; and if said
road is not completed within ten years, no further sales
shall be made, and the land unsold shall revert to the Uni-
ted State*.
Slc. 6. Jlndbe it further enacted. That the United States
mail *ha!l he transported over said road at such price as the
Concies-5 ot the United State- t-hall prescribe.
Mr. COBB. I deem it my duty to ask the at-
tention of this House for five minutes, while I make
a short statement m reference to this road. _
Every man who is at ail acquainted with the
geography of the country, knows well that Mem-
phis, in the State of Tennessee, is located upon
the Mississippi river. Any man who is willing- to
trace the line of this railroad east, to connect with
the Nashville and Charleston railroad, will see in
a moment the necessity and importance of such a
communication. To the Representatives from the
State of Maine, who have been so formidably ar-
rayed against the grant uf lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, I desire to say, "reflect for
a moment upon the great national character of this
road;"' that it is another of the great lines of rail-
road which is to connect the Mississippi valley with
the great Northeast. A statement merely of the
character of the country over which this railroad
passew, is all that I intend to trespass upon the time
and patience of this House,for the present, to give.
The road starts at Memphis, Tennessee, and is to
be, when completed, about twohundred and eighty
miles m length—I do not state precisely, out 'l
think it is about that. From the State of Tennes-
see, it passes into Mississippi. And I will state
for the benefit of those who may not be conver-
sant with the state of things in that country, that
aithoughMissiSsippi is a land State, yet the land
through which the railroad runs in that State, now
belongs to the Chickasaw nation. AVhen the
land in that State was ceded to the Government,
the Chickasaw nation reserved the proceeds of the
sale of this land. It has most of it been sold under
that reservation, and the rest belongs to them still.
So, as a matter of course, no land can be taken
from that State to aid in the construction of the
road. I now follow the road to Alabama, where it
strikes the Tennessee valley in one of the most fer-
tile portions of our State, which has been in mar-
ket for some forty or fifty years past, and nearly
all of value has been sold. The timber, however,
upon these lands may be valuable for some pur-
poses. It then passes through this valley, and in-
tersects the Nashville and Charleston Railroad,
where it takes its turn round the point of the
Cumberland Mountains. I could tell this House
the exact number of acres which this road would
get, but it would he trespassing upon their time
and patience. I believe a question of so much
importance has not escaped the notice and inves-
tigation of gentlemen here. 1 believe that when
this bill comes up, there will scarcely be a man to
vote for its reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I rely upon
the intelligence of the members of this House to
secure its passage. I believe that tins is a ques-
tion of so much importance, not only totheStates
through which the road passes, but to the whole
country, that it must meet with the approbation
of the House. I ask, will the House refer it? I
trust not. If the question is not one which has
merit enough to make it stand, let it go—let it be
buried where it will certainly be, if referred to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union.
If it has not sufficient merit to demand immediate
action, I do not ask that it shall be passed; but I
desire that it shall now be put upon its trial. I
tell this House and the country that if this bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it will be the last you will hear
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Those of us
who favor these measures are anxious to have
some indication from the House of the course they
intend to pursue in relation to these bills. I mean
those bills granting alternate sections for the con-
struction of railroads. If it is a fact that they are
not to pass, then let us know it, and not continue
this useless discussion upon them. I hope this
indication will be given distinctly to us to-day.
If it be a fact that a majority of this House think
we have had debate enough upon these matters,
and are willing to take bills that have been well-
digested, and reported upon one system, by the
Committee on Public Lands; if it be a fact that a
majority of this House are ready to pass these
bills without further delay or consumption of time,
then the motion which I shall now make will be
sustained by this House. I call, then, upon all
those gentlemen who are friendly disposed towards
this species of grant, to come up now and unite in
sustaining the motion which I am about to make,
which is to put the bill upon its passage, that you
may either pass the bill or kill it at once.
M>. COBB. Tt may be due to the House to state
that this road is estimated to cost about £,2,800,000,
of which we have subscribed twenty-three hun-
dred and odd thousand dollars. There will be
ninety-two miles of this road in complete con-
struction in the course of the year—I understand
about the last of the year. So you can see we are
in earnest about building it. This is all I think
necessary to state in relation to this matter. The
question of the propriety of granting the public
lands for these purposes is one that has been tho-
roughly discussed in this House: and I am satis-
fied that to continue that discussion further, would
only result in a useless consumption of time, and
a waste of the people's money. I shall, there-
fore, not enter to any length upon the wisdom or
justice of the action of this House in relation to
this bill.
Mr, MEACHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would be
glad to accommodate my friend, but 
Mr. MEACHAM. I #ij?h to Itnow whether
this bill has been printed? If not, how can we
know anything about it, by only hearing it read
by the Clerk?
Mr. COBB. I will state that this bill is a pre-
cise copy of the Missouri Hill.
Mr. MEACHAM. That is not the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to ask another
question. How is it with, the alternate sections ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The alternate sections are
allowed in this bill.
Mr. MEACHAM. How far on each side of
the road ?
Mr. JOHNSON. As I understand* they are
allowed for fifteen miles.
Mr. MEACHAM. For six miles, certain?
Mr. JOHNSON. Only for six miles certain,
so far as the actual grant is concerned, bat where
a section happens to have been taken up, the ap-
propriation thus lost may be secured within the
limits of fifteen miles.
Mr. MEACHAM. Do you raise the price of
the alternate sections after you have passed be-
yond six miles J
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; we do not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for the reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Johnson] has the floor. Will the gen-
tleman yield to have the bill read?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will yield for the reading
of the bill, but I do not yield my right to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, unless
U is objected to.
A Voice. I object.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Speaker, can I ask a
question about this bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. STANLY. I merely desire to say that
I do not wish any vote that I may give upon this
bill, in this state of it, to be taken as a test of my
purpose to vote for or against it, as I have had no
time to examine it, and wish not to vote against
it. I have been generally in favor of these bills;
but if I vote now to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole, I do not want it understood that I am
against the bill. I think, however, that t would
vote for it, after T see whether we have an oppor-
tunity of doing justice to other sections of the
country and with generous and liberal hands. I do
not wish to confine myself to a particular bill, and
would not be understood as being opposed to it—
for I want an opportunity to examine it. That is
all.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] that if he moves
to put this bill upon its passage, I will vote against
it. I do not think it is right to make it a test
question. I might hereafter vote for it, or I might
not, according to my judgment of its value in a
national point of view; but I will not consent to
take it unexamined.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman if this
bill is not now put upon its passage, whether he
will vote for it?
Mr. EVANS. I do not know. It is not suffi-
cient to say that the bill is precisely like another
bill. To judge of its full character, we must, for
instance, know whether the road is located upon
a proper route. There are divers circumstances
to be looked into, besides the frame of the bill. I
am not going to have this made a test question
with me.
Mr. JOHNSON. May I ask the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] if he ever voted for
one of these bills?
Mr. EVANS. I voted against referring the
Missouri bill to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am gratified to know if,
and T should be exceedingly gratified to accommo-
date the gentleman still further, but I never saw
the time when we could accommodate everybody
in this House. We must have some fixed deter-
mination, and the friends of these measures now
ask to know of this House something definite, as
to what its temper is in regard to passing bills
granting lands for the construction of railroads.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man will allow me 
