mi.
THE CONGRESSIONAL fOLO$f.
menting or condemning Kossuth or O'Brien.
If you can compliment, can you not condemn?
Where is the difference in point of principle? If
you compliment, which you now propose to do,
does it not equally imply the power to condemn?
Surely it does. And if we go into the condemna-
tion of individuals, we can take the bear by the ear
and shake him a little, and take the. lion by the
mane and shake him until we arfe tired; we can
travel $11 over the Continent of Europe and do the
same thing, and, not satisfied there, we can.travel
into Africa and Asia and condemn them all, one
after another. Is that the legitimate business of
the American Congress? Is that the thing for
which we are sent here? Sir, when the American
people begin to look at this thing, they will not
tolerate it. There are a great many who think in
regard to progress as I do. They are the farmers,
the mechanice, the working professional men—
men who have no office. It is the principle of the
Government to protect them in all their rights, so
that they can educate their children and live com-
fortably at home, and give them intellectual and
moral improvement. These people, when they
come to look at your complimenting Mr. Kossuth,
or censuring the Emperor of Austria or the Czar
of Russia, or anybody else, will be ysry apt to
say, You are meddling with affairs which we did
not send you to Congress to take up.
I did not intend to detain the Senate as long as
I have in this desultory way, but I could not
allow this resolution to pass without thus putting
down the reasons for my opposition to it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this matteruntil to-morrow
at one o'clock, for the purpose of going into the
election of Chaplain, which was the special order
for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. BERRIEN. 'I beg to make one sugges-
tion. The hour of' one o'clock to-day was fixed
for the election of Chaplain, in order that Sen-
ators might have notice of it and be present. An-
other subject has engaged their attention. I per-
ceive that many seats in the Chamber are vacant.
I submit to the honorable Senator from Missouri,
whether it is proper to press the execution of that
resolution under such circumstances? I hope that
an earlier hour to-morrow will be indicated, so as
to enable us to go into it before we get into a dis-
cussion on another subject.
Mr. ATCHISON. I look upon the election of
a Chaplain as a matter of but very slight import-
ance. 1 presume all the gentlemen whose names
will be presented, will be good and pious men—
such men as will answer the purpose. I presume
the Senate is about as full now as it will be to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BERRTF/N. If the election of a Chaplain
be in the consideration of the Senate a matter of
as small importance as it is in that of the honor-
able Senator's from Missouri, it surely need not
interrupt the discussion of this very interesting
question. I believe we shall best discharge our
duty by determining-upon an hour to-morrow
when we shall proceed to the election, making it
our rule that it shall not be interrupted by any
other subject—say twelve and a half o'clock.
Justice to Senators who attach more importance
to the election than the honorable Senator from
Missouri, requires that they- have an opportunity
to vote. „ , .. ,
Mr. ATCHISON. It is a matter of but little
importance to me. I care not whether we postpone
it or not. But the Senator from Georgia is very
much mistaken if he supposes that I attribute to
the resolution under discussion any great import-
ance. , ,
Mr. BERRIEN. I have not ascribed that opln-
ion to the Senator. I have not supposed that he
considers it of great importance; but it has been
so pronounced by other Senators.
Mr. ATCHISON withdrew the motion to post-
pone.
Mr HALE obtained the floor, but gave way to
Mr. CASS, who said: I rise to make an ex-
anxious recollections, iny sympathetic feeling, and my best
wishes, are irresistibly excited whenever, in any country,
I spc an oppressed nation unfurl the banners of freedom."
What words can be stronger than General
Washington's sympathy for the oppressed and
struggling nations of the Old Worla. He never
dreamed of marching armies there. His sympathy
was excited, and he expressed it; ana here I
would beg the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] to discriminate between interference
and non-intercourse. If he does not discriminate
between them, I beg he will turn to the dictionary.
If I choose to have no intercourse with a man, it is
not interfering with him. The ground assumed
by the honorable Senator was taken two years
ago, but I thought it had been given up by this
time. If we cut off all intercourse with Austria,
no man has a right to say we interfere with that
Power.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] seems
to be very much surprised that this resolution was
brought forward at all. He seems to be inclined
to impose on some of us a heavy responsibility.
I am going to put the honorable Senator right on
this matter, and let him see why action on this
subject is recommended, and why the Executive
Chief of this Government, even before any action
on the part of Congress, expressed sympathy, the
expression of which the honorable Senator so
strongly condemns. Here is an extract from the
President's message received yesterday :
" The Turkish Government has expressed its thanks for
the kind reception jjiveu to the Sultan's agent, Amm Bev,
on the occasion of his recent visit to the United States.
On the 28th of February last, a dispatch was addressed by
the Secretary of State to Mr. Marsh, the American Minis-
ter at Constantinople^ mstructuig lum to ask of the Tuikish
Government permission for the Hungarians, then impris- ;
oned within the dominions of the Sublime Porte, to remove
to this country. On the 3d of March last, both Houses nf
Congress pa«sed a resolution rpfjunsting the President to
authorize the emplovment of a public vessel to convey to
this country Louis Kossuth and his associates in captivity.
" The instruction above refeired to was complied with,
and the Turkish Government havme released Governor
Kossuth and his companions from ptison, on the 10th of
September last they embaikcd on board of the United
States steam-frigate Mississippi, which wn«s selected to
carry into effect the resolution of Congress. Governor Kos-
suth left the Mississippi at Gibialtar for the purpose of
making a visit to England, and may shortly be expected m
New York. By communications to the Department of
State, he has expressed his grateful acknowledgments for
the interposition of this Government in behalf of himself
and his associates. This country has been iustly regarded i
as a safe asylum for those whom political events have
exiled from their own homes in Europe; and it is recom-
mended to Congress to consider in what manner Governor
Kossuth and ht« companions, brought hither by its authori-
ty, shall be received and treated."
The gentleman may inquire of the President
why he recommended action on the subject. I
. honor the President for having had the manliness
! and true republican independence to express his
I sympathy for Governor Kossuth, the champion
I of freedom in another hemisphere. I have very
, little respect, and I speak of no person here, for
| any American who calls himself a republican,
whose coward heart does not allow him to express
such sentiments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that nothing has
fallen from me in the course of the remarks which
I made which indicates to anybody that I am
averse to expressing sympathy for efforts in be-
half of human freedom. If I said anything which
could authorize an inference of that sort, I have
certainly been most unfortunate in my expres-
sions.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman stated expressly
that he did not know enough of the merits of that
resolution, or of the personal merits of Governor
Kossuth, to justify us in any declaration of sym-
pathy. That is what the gentleman said, and if
he is properly reported he will find himself so re-
ported. I excuse the language, because he has
spoken in great haste. While up, the gentleman will
allow me to say that I did not intend to apply the
language which I used a moment ago to any mem-
ber of the Senate. I repeat, that I have no respect
for any man who calls himself a republican who
j | , i is not manly enough everywhere to express his
planation. It is simply this: In regard to the sub- h preference for republican over monarchical institu-
ject of interference, I wish to read General VV asn- : ( t-ong an(j hjg sympathy for those who are engaged
ington's declaration in his memorable address to jj . , o-reat struggle for civil and religious free-
Mr. Genet, no less memorable for its sentiments |- &
than for the beauty of its diction: jj ^ UNDERWOOD. I go further than that,
« Born, sir, in a land of liberty; havmjr early learned its |, and ' that I have no respect for any man who
value; having engaged in a perilous couflict to defend it; , j t manliness and firmness enough to declare
II his opinions on all question,, on all occasions.
If I hare been understood by arfy'member of
this body as( saying-that11 was apposed to. tjifc ex-
pression of sympathy for the Hungarian strag-
glers, I have been much misunderstood*. If;the
reporters have got me down in that way let them
report it. - '.
I could not have used such language e'xeept in
the heat of debate. On the contrary, I repeatedly
said that, the reforms which were introduced by,
Kossuth and his associates deserved the highest'
commendation of everybody; *
Mr. FOOTE. I beg to remind the gentleman
of a remark which he made which wourfded my
sensibilities very much. He said expressly thai
we ought to be on our guard as to expressing
commendation or approval of the acts of tne Hun-
garian chiefs, because, in approving them, we must
necessarily condemn others—alluding to certain
tyrannical Governments, whose conduct I hope
all Americans condemn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I endeavored, as well as
I could, to show that this was an improper sub-
ject to be introduced into Congress. But I hold to
the principle that, as an AmericanfreMnah, I have
the right to express my opinions wherever and
whenever I please, in regard to the institutions of
the world. I hold that the whole American peo-
ple have that right, and that all ought to sympa-
thize with the Hungarian stragglers in favor of
those reforms which I understood myself as com-
mending. The gentleman must have misunder-
stood me, for I could not certainly have both
commended and condemned the expression of
sympathy for these people.
On the motion of Mr. HALE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 3, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, explanatory of an act approved Sep-
tember 28,1850, entitled " An act granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States."
Mr. H. said: I simply desire to state to the
House that it is the same resolution, with 'the
amendment of the Senate, passed by the House of
Representatives and the Senate last Congress, and
which failed for want of time on the part of the
House to concur with the Senate amendment. I
think it is a resolution in which the constituents of
every member are interested, and that it will re-
ceive the vote of every individual in the House.
The resolution having been read the first and
second time,
The SPEAKER inquired to know what dispo-
sition the gentleman [Mr. Harris] desired to
make of the resolution ?
Mr. HARRIS. My object is to put the reso-
lution upon its passage.
[Cries of "Read it!" " Read it!"]
The resolution was read.
Mr. MEADE said: I wish to have the resolu-
tion altered so as to include warrants that were
issued during the war of 1812, under an act passed,
I think, that year. I have several of those old
warrants, which are not assignable, having been
heretofore issued. Under the new law no claim-
ant can apply for a warrant who has heretofore
received one. That class of warrants would be
left unassignable under this resolution. As the
policy of this resolution is to make all assignable,
in order to effect that end I wish to introduce a
few words in amendment. Those words are to
the effect that " all other warrants issued in pursu-
ance of laws heretofore enacted." Under the late
law, the claimants under the old law of 1811 or
1812, who have not already received their war-
rants, can apply and receive them now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order. This is a bill for the appropri-
ation of money, and all such bills must be first
discussed in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. I do not understand whether
the gentleman objects to the discussion of the res-
olution itself, or of the amendment proposed.
Mr. STEPHENS. My objection is tt> any
discussion of the subject at this stage of the reso-
