1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
Indians were hesitating in relation to making the
treaty, Colonel Medill, armed with the powers of
the Government as one of its high officers, and
the only channel through which these Indians
could reach the Government, threatened these In-
dians that unless they made the treaty upon "the
basis laid down by him, the strong arm of the
Government would be used against them, the chiefs
would be overthrown, and they would be removed
by the military power of the country. Will this
charge be proved by the records of the country?
I interrupted the honorable gentleman, and de-
manded to know upon what authority, or even
evidence, he made the charge. He replied, upon
record evidence now on file in the Indian Bureau.
I now say, if that charge be true, the country is
disgraced, and I stand here, as one of the people's i
Representatives, to say, when that case is made*1
out, that I am prepared to go as far as any man to
set aside all these treaties predicated upon grounds
that outrage the feelings of every man, not only
of the House of Representatives, but the whole
country. This charge should not be made unless
predicated upon proof about which there can be
no cavil. This charge ought not to be made
against the Government in which we live, and go
abroad to the nations of the earth, that this Gov-
ernment, in the nineteenth century, with all its
power, has so abused and outraged an inoffensive
people, who have never shed the blood of a white
man, as has been stated to their credit. If this
charge can be substantiated, there is no penalty
known to any criminal code upon the face of the i
earth that ought not to be inflicted upon the com- j
missioner who negotiated the treaty. I
I interrogated the honorable gentleman upon one j
part of his argument, whether there was any con-
ceivable motive for the perpetration of this out-
rage upon the Indians. He did not assign any.
As this discussion proceeded—and it seemed that
none of these gentlemen who had investigated the j
matter were disposed to assign any motive upon \
the part of Mr. Medill—my colleague from the |
Butler district [Mr. Campbell] arose, and in or- (
der to make a political point here, asked my col- ;
league from the ninth dishict [Mr. Olds] whether '
he was willing to let this charge go m connection
with "the charge which he had made against a high
officer of Government. The only distinction be-
tween the two cases is, that Colonel Medill was
charged with cheating the Government not for his
own benefit, while the other officer was charged
with cheating the Government for his own benefit.
The cases aie not parallel. As we proceeded with
this matter, the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] whose attention has been
called to this matter in consequence of being a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs, pre-
sents a different phase of the case, and before I sit
down I will call the gentlemaif from Indiana [Mr.
Fitcii] to either explain his statement, or take
back the charge which he has made against Colo-
nel Medill. It appears that when Colonel Medill
went to Wisconsin to treat with the Menomonee
Indians, that his data was mere conjecture. The
estimate of quantity was not the result of any j
actual survey or reconnoissance of the country, '
that had even the pretense of accuracy.
It was known to the Attorney General and to
Colonel Medill, that these Indians possessed a con-
siderable territory, but the precise amount was to
all uncertain. His instructions were to purchase
all for a gross sum. Supposing that the quantity
would be about three millions of acres, he pur-
chased the whole of their possessions in Wiscon-
sin. The treaty was ratified by the Senate with-
out objection from the Indians.
At this point allow me to repeat that there is no
evidence here that Colonel Medill used any threats
for the purpose of inducing these Indians to sell
their possessions.
Mr. FITCH. I simply rise to say that the gen-
tleman is mistaken.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope the gentleman will ■
publish the evidence, if any exists, in his speech. ,
If the charge be true, I desire that the severest ,
penalties should- be inflicted upon an American ;
citizen who dared, in the face of the American j
people, to perpetrate such an outrage. I care not;
who he is. I do not rise here for the purpose of j
pettifogging or shielding this man at all; but I rise
for the purpose of making a point that will bring
out the truth. I will not trespass upon the atten-
tion of my friend from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley]
but a moment longer. Here is a plain case in re-
lation to the public lands. Colonel Medill was in
error in relation to the extent of the possessions
of the Indians, as has been developed by subse-
quent examinations and survey. The Attorney
General was not well advised, and the Indians
were in error themselves. The Government de-
sired to buy all their possessions in Wisconsin,and
they intended to sell all. It is now ascertained
that the amount, as stated by the commissioner,
was too low. That is the true state of the case.
We are not called upon to vote so as to disgrace
any Department of the Government, or any man
connected with the treaties. Instead of predicating
the case upon the statement of the gentleman, it
seems to me that he has presented a false issue,
and one that will not command the vote of this
committee favorably. It may be that the gentle-
man's judgment was clouded by prejudice.
If you predicate your vote upon the fact that
this charge was true, there is no man here that
would give such a vote until after a full and fair
investigation of this matter, and until the accused
party had been heard in his defense, and the facts
had been placed before the country. If there has
been an honest mistake, which is the reasonable
view of the case upon the admitted testimony on
file, if we have driven the Indians into a hard bar-
gain through a mistake in relation to the quantity
of land they possessed, we should how come for-
ward and make up to these Indians what is hon-
estly their due. In my judgment that is the ground
upon which this case should rest. There is no
reason, from the disclosures made here, to make
the charge which has been made here against
Colonel Medill, the commissioner who negotiated
this treaty. Thanking gentlemen for their atten-
tion, I yield the floor to the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Sibley.]
Mr. SIBLEY. I have not risen with any design
of making a set speech or of consuming much of the
time of the committee. I deemed it fcut right and
proper in me, however, in view of the fact that an
attack had been made upon a gentleman who
formerly occupied a distinguished position under
this Government, to yield a portion of my time to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] to
enable him to reply to the very serious charges
which had been made against Colonel Medill, by
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs of
this House. It was but justice to the absent, that
the reply should go foith to the country simul-
taneously with the accusations against him, and
to effect this object, I very cheerfully permitted
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Swkf.tser] to oc-
cupy as much of my time as he might deem neces-
sary to devote to the defense of the former Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. Being myself ignorant
of all the facts connected with the transactions
between the Government and the Menomonee In-
dians, I have nothing to say on that subject. I
propose to detain the committee for a short time
in the discussion of another matter of very general
interest to the country at large, and particularly
to the Indians themselves. Sir, the aboriginal
tribes upon this continent, and especially those
inhabiting the northern portions of it, are sub-
jected to a great amount of suffering, because of
the want of food and proper clothing. This is a
subject which I had the honor of bringing before
•this House during the last Congress, in a speech
which I made upon the general topic of our In-
dian relations, when I took occasion, among other
things, to state, that the miserable condition of the
wild tribes of the West was far from being real-
ized by Congress and by the country.
Sir, hut two short years have passed since that
speech was delivered, and my observation and the
information 1 have gathered since that time, have
entirely corroborated the statements therein con-
tained. I have seen whole bands of Indians,
comprising men, women, and children, reduced
to a state of emaciation fiom hunger, shocking to
behold m this fair land, which God has blessed
with an abundance of all the elements necessary
for the support of human life. I have witnessed
the voracity with which these poor creatures have
seized upon and devoured garbage the most dis-
gusting, from which the very pampered dogs of
your cities would turn away with loathing. It
would be some consolation to be able to assert
with truth, that reduced to these extremities, there
was still no reason to believe that any had actually
perished from the want of some kind of food capa-
ble of sustaining life. Unfortunately even that
solace is denied us.
1 have reason to know, from statements which
have been made to me by respectable men in the
Indian country, that during the Jast year, in the
Territory which I have the honor to • represent
upon this floor, there have,been from-sixty to one
hundred deaths among- the Indians, from actual
starvation. I may be met here With the state-
ment that these calamities befall them because of
their improvidence. I have no disposition to deny
that such is the case to some extent. Everybody
who knows anything about the character of an
Indian is aware that he acts up Xo the scriptural
maxim of letting " the morrow take thought for
the things of itself." If he has but sufficient'to
feed himself and his family for one day, he does
not trouble himself much about what- he is to have
of fare for the next. That is especially the case
with the Indians who. depend exclusively upon
the game for subsistence. Now, I have reason to
know, that many of the large western prairies
which formerly abounded in* wild animals are
now entirely denuded of them. The consequence
is, that within two orthree years bands of Indians
who relied entirely upon the buffalo, elk, and an-
telope for their daily supply of food, have'been
reduced to the last stages of "destitution.
I propose in an amendment I shall offer to the
bill under consideration, before I Jake my seat, to
appropriate the sum of $100,000, lo be applied by
the Secretary of the Interior to relieve such cases
of suffering as I have described among the In-
dians in any part of the United States. I have
taken particular care likewise to provide „that no
part of this money shall be paid out by the Sec-
retary unless statements from - entirely reliable
sources shall be brought to his notice, shoeing
the absolute necessity of the expenditure.
In immediate connection with this subject I
propose to reply to a charge made by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] against a
class of persons in the West called Indian traders.
Mr. PHELPS. Thegentleman will permitme
to say, that in the allusion' which I made to the
Indian traders as being unworthy of credit, I did
not mean to refer to the owners of trading estab-
lishments, but to the class of men employed by
them to trade with the Indians. Those persons do
not stand very well on the frontier where I live.
Mr. SIBLEY. Sir, I accept the explanation of
the gentleman, so far as it goes, but \ will not remain
silent in this House and hear a whole class of cit-
izens, with many of whom I am intimately ac-
quainted, denounced, as I have sometimes heard
them, by gentlemen who knew nothing about those
they so bitterly inveighed against. I am aware
that there are individuals m the West who are very
improperly denominated Indian traders, who de-
serve all the denunciation that can be poured upon
them, here or anywhere else. I mean those men
who are engaged in selling liquor to the Indians,
and taking from them in exchange therefor, blan-
kets, guns, or anything else they may chance to
possess. I hold these individuals in just as much
detestation as the gentleman from Missouri can
probably do. Thank God t we have very few of
them in our Territory, and when they come there
they are not suffered to remain long, before they
are made to feel the weight of the public indigna-
tion.
But when that gentleman, or any other, under-
takes to pour forth denunciations upon the regu-
larly-licensed traders, as destitute of integrity and
honor, I shall take issue with him at once.
We have in our Territory many citizens who
have been engaged for years in the Indian trade,
and who are as high-minded, as honorable, and
as little obnoxious to the charge of defrauding the
Indians, as any gentleman in this House. I will
do them the justice to say, that they, in conjunc-
tion with the missionaries of the Cross, have gone
further to benefit the Indians, to feed them when
they were hungry, to clothe them when they were
naked, to prevent the introduction of liquor among
them, and to alleviate their sufferings generally,
than any other class in the community.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask the gentleman if it
is not within his knowledge that, during the times
of scarcity and starvation with these Indians, the
traders have reduced themselves almost to pov-
erty, in order to relieve the Indians in their exi-
gencies ?
Mr. SIBLEY. I will state to, the gentleman
