1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
that such is very frequently the case. The men
who receive licenses as Udders must first show
that they are of good character, otherwise, by the
terms of the hiw, they should not be permitted to
go mto the Indian country at all. They are withal
compelled to give bonds to the Government in a
large amount to observe all existing regulations,
and to refrain from any violation of the laws reg-
ulating- trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes. Such men are the real friends of the poor
Indian, and will share the last crust or the last
blanket with the starving,, shivering savage. For
the most part, so far fiorn defrauding the Indians,
they are defrauded by them; for I assure the gen-
tleman that he very much underrates the charac-
ter of these western Indians for shrewdness and
intelligence, if he thinks they can be very easily
imposed upon. They know the value of the arti-
cles of merchandise used by them about as well
as the whites themselves, and are quite as apt to
look after their own interests.
But I wish to present another fact in relation to
this much-abused class of men. I have been an
Indian trader myself for fifteen or more years,
and I cannot consent to be placed in the category
mentioned by the gentleman from Mis&ouii.
Mr. PHELPS. I exonerated you.
Mr. SIBLEY. I know the gentleman did not
intend to apply his remarks to me personally, but
I choose to defend the class to which I myself
have so long appertained against all such imputa-
tions.
Mr. PHELPS. I have already said that I did
not intend to embrace in my remarks the prin-
cipal traders, the proprietors of the trading estab-
lishments; 1 only intend to embrace their em-
ployees, the men whom they employ to tiade
with these Indians.
Mr. SIBLEY. I am perfectly willing _to admit
that there are traders and half-breeds among the j
Indians, as there aie peisons in ali communities,
who aie no better than they should be. It would
be strange indeed if there were not exceptions to
the geiferal rule.
Mr. PHELPS. That is the class to whom I
allude.
Mr. SIBLEY. They form a portion of those
who spend their lives among the Indians; but
they are men whose characters are just «s well
knovvnand appreciated anion? the Indians, and
held in as just estimation by them as they are by I
the whites. I wish, as an act of justice to tins [
class of the community, to state one fact which |
no man who knows anything about jtwill contio-1
veit. Of all the Indian tiaders of my acquaint- ;
ance, (and they are many m number,) 1 know ofj
none who have enriched themselves, hut I am j
awaie that by far the largest number have be- ;
c.^mo utterly impoverished in the prosecution of,
tins branch of commerce. Do these facts go to ■
k'iow that the Indians are defrauded by these
people1 or rather, do theynot afford incontestable i
evdence that such wholesale charges are utterly :
wiShout foundation ? I have no knowledge of the t
kind of men thev may have upon the frontiers of !
Missouri, to whom the gentleman particularly!
ftNudeh. I am speaking of men some of whom j
Imld high social positions in our Teriitory, and
whose representations may be regarded as en- j
tircJy reliable. It is from them that I have derived \
in part the information of the miseiable condition ,
of the Indians; and it is upon the statements of j
weh individuals, together with my own general [
knowledge of the necessity of the case, that I j
have based my action in the introdnction of the :
amendment referred to.
Now, sir, I desire to advert to another fact con- ;
necfed with Indian treaties which have been made, ,
and are constantly being made with the Indians. !
There is a great mistake m the public mind about i
the amount of compensation which the Indians :
receive under these treaties. It is generally sup- ;
pnyed that they are paid a price for their lands 1
somewhat approximating to that at which the
Government holds irs public domain. Why, sir,
so far from that, the average rates paid to the In-
dians for land, since the foundation of the Gov- ;
eminent, have been about eight cents an acre; and
yet we constantly hear complaints made of the ''
large appropriations that are required to fulfill 1
these treaty stipulations. Gentlemen seem to for- ||
get that we have taken away the homes of these 'j
poor wretches, dliven them west of the Missis- J
gippi, amongst wild and hostile bands of Indians, j|
who fall upon them with scalping-knife and with
tomahawk, and that their principal dependence for
subsistence is on the small annuities which they
receive from this Government.
Mr. MURPHY. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. He appears to be well acquainted
with the Indian character, and I understand his
proposition to be to make provision for those that
are suffering among them. I desire to ask the
gentleman if the tendency of this provision will
not be to-mcrease the suffering?
Mr. SIBLEY. I will answer the gentleman
from Georgia very cheerfully. If I had any idea
that such would be the effect of this provision, I
should certainly not offer the amendment. 1 will
state-to the gentleman, that as to the matter of fact,
there can be no difference of opinion among men
who are at all acquainted with the situation of
matters in the West, that this state of things does
exist. Not a year passes by, that scores arid
scores of these Indians do not perish from actual
starvation, and 1 ask the gentleman whether he
thinks that in yiew of that state of things, this
Government should fold its arms and refuse to
make a small appropriation to meet such exigen-
cies as these?
Mr. SWEETSER. With the permission of
the gentleman, I will state that I have a near rela-
tive living in his neighborhood, fiom whom 1 re-
ceived a letter a few days since, concerning the
Indians in that locality. Pie writes me, that in
consequence of the treaty made last fall, the In-
dians ha\e not made so much provision for their
subsistence as they have done hitherto, and that
consequently, large numbers of them are Hot only
sutieung from hunger, but arc actually dying. I
believe that the Indians need the aid of the Gov- '
ernment, and I shall vote for the amendment of 1
the gentleman from Minnesota. i
Mr. SIBLEY. I have no doubt thegentleman's 1
information is correct. 3 will state to the com- 1
nuttee, that I was present at the time the Upper J
Sioux treaty was made, winch has just received '
the sanction of the .Senate. I know that when the j
Indians arrived at the grounds, a great m'any of
them were scarce!)' able to walk, from pure ex- I
haustion. Many women and children were re- -
duced almost to skeletons. There were present, '
when the treaty was made, from two thousand to i
three thousand Indians, and the commissioners j
were obliged, as a matter of absolute necessity, to i
send out teams to meet them laden with supplies 10 ;
save them from death by actual starvation on their j
way to the treaty ground, i mention this as a single j
instance of the desperate straits to which the wild !
tribes of the prairies are reduced. If the facts could !
be obtained in an authentic torm from all parts of ,
our extended country, it would be found thatother i
tribes are suffering in like manner.
Sir, this Government has assumed to itself the
guardianship of these poor Indians, and should |
take immediate measures to meliorate their condi- i
tion. With an overflowing Tieasury—with your j
teeming granaries, and all the elements of pros-!
perity abounding m your midst, for very shame j
let not the American Congress refuse to contribute ;
something to alleviate the awful sufferings which, j
unreheved, bid fair soon to destroy utterly the I
remnants of that noble race whose homes you are 1
daily invading and appropriating to your own ]
benefit. The sum proposed in the amendment is,
as I have before stated, $100,000. If by the ex-
penditure of a part, or the whole of this amount,
the lives of hundreds can be saved, who will re- 1
gret the outlay ? If no such exigency arises as to
require the money to be devoted to that sacred !
purpose, it will remain in the Treasury, and Con-
gress will at least have the satisfaction of knowing '
that its duty has been performed.
1 now send up the amendment, and ask that it
may be read: j
For the nuI^iftPiice of thtf Indians of am tribe residing •
within the limits of the T'nited .States who muy hereafter
be sutlering lor want of food asid p toper clothing, to bo ex-
pended under the ducction of the Seeietaiy or the Interior,
.$100,000. Provided, That m no cd*e shall any portion of'
>aid .-uui be paid out unless a reliable statement shall be
made to the Seerofarj' of the lutetior of the existence of
?neh a ftate ot sulfmrig amongst the Indians as is contem- ,
plated m this clause.
Mr. Gf DOINGS. I rise for a different purpose 1
than that of expressing my approbation of the
amendment which has just been read. But I will 1
say, that my heart responds to the proposition of (
the gentleman from Minnesota. I would that the i
Committee on Indian Affairs should report a gen-
eral change in our policy towards that much-abused
people, and, instead of sending armies to slay them,
we should send them food to sustain them. That
would operate as the most efficient protection to
our frontiers that could be provided. If this sys-
tem were adopted, we should have no more trouble
with them—no more Indian depredations. But I
rise to make a statement, to which 1 ask the par-
ticular attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, and the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury DiciciNs,its Secretary,
announcing that it had agreed to some, disagreed
to other amendments made by the House, and had
made one new amendment to the bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1852.]
Mr. G. proceeded. I repeat, I ask the especial
attention of those gentlemen to some interrogato-
ries which I desire to propound to them, for the
purpose of obtaining information, and that the in-
formation may go to the country. I will observe,
that I desire to have the experience of the able
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr.
Johnson, of Arkansas] to obtain this intelligence.
According to reliable information, which I received
in the summer of 1850, these Creek Indians, to
whom attention has been turned, and for whose
benefit I shall most heartily concur with the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, by voting
for the compensation he proposes to give them,
with force and violence seized from seventy to one
hundred free persons of color in the Indian terri-
tory, or, at least, those claiming to be free, and
enslaved, sold them, and transported them to the
State of Louisiana, where they are now in servi-
tude as slaves, 1 will state that this was done in
violation of their treaty entered into in 1845, and
m subversion of our solemn faith entered into with
these negroes during the Seminole war, in 1837.
The official information upon this subject is in the
Indian Department, where it has been received,
and from which we have not been able to obtain
any intelligence by resolution, although a resolu-
tion for that purpose has been in my desk since
the first day of the session.
The questions I desire to propound to those gen-
tlemen are, first, Is it a fact that those persons of
color were seized and sold into slavery ? and, sec-
ond, by what claim of right, or pretended title,
did these Cieek Indians enslave and sell those
people? If gentlemen are not prepared to an-
swer these interrogatories now, I hope they will
be to-morrow. I hope I shall have a plain and
distinct answer to these two questions. In order
that I may not be misunderstood, I will repeat,
is it a fact, shown by the official records of this
nation, or within the knowledge of these gentle-
men, that from seventy to one hundred persons,
claiming to be free, were seized by these Indians
and sold into slavery? Secondly, by what author-
ity was that outragecommitted ? In order to give
time to answer these two questions, I will now
consent that the committee rise.
Mr. JOHNSON. I never fail to answer agen-
tleman's question if I am able; and I will answer
the questions put by the gentleman from Ohio so
far as I can.
The subject-matter of which the gentleman
speaks has never been before the Committee on
Indian Affairs during my connection with that
committee, in this or any other session of Con-
gress; and, therefore, 1 have no official knowledge
in regard to the matter at all. Then as to the
knowledge I have obtained incidentally,! do know
that there has been a great contest in relation to a
portion of these Creek Indian negroes. I do know
that the matter has been looked into here in the Ex-
ecutive Departments; I do know that the matter has
never been before the House at all, unless it has
strangely escaped my notice. I know it has not
been before my committee. I know the Attorney
General of the United States has declared hi's
opinion as to the title of these negroes. I think
there were seventy of them, though it might have
been more or less. So, then, I have no official
information on the subjectto which the gentleman
alludes.
Some two or three years ago, I knew of a contest
going on about the title to these negroes, and that
it was decided that they belonged to those In-
dians. They had established themselves in a free
