1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bowie, J. ff. Boyd, Bragg, Briggs,
Buell, Busby, Caldwell, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cott-
man, Dawson, Disney, Dockery, Duncan, Eastman, Edger-
ton, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, 1\ J. 0. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry,
Goodenow, Hall, Haramond, Harper, Isham G. Harris, S.
W. Harris, Hart, Hascall, Henn, Houston, Hunter, Jack-
son, Robert W. Johnson, J. Giancy Jones, Preston King,
McMullen, Meacham, Miller, Molony, Morehead, Nabers,
Penn, Phelps, Porter, Robbins, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Sweetser, George W. Thompson, Walsh, Weils, Wil-
cox, and Yates—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, John Appleton, Babcock, Bartlett, D. J. Bailey, Ben*-
nett, Boeock, Bowne, Breckenridge, Brenton, Brooks, G.
H. Brown, Burrows, Burt, E. C. Cabell, J. Cable, Lewis O.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chap-
man, Chastain, Churchwell, Cleveland, Cobb, Conger,
Curtis, Daniel, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Evans,
Ewmg, Faulkner, Fickhn, Florence, Freeman, Henry M.
Fuller, Gamble,Goodrich,Gorman, Grey,Grow, Hamilton,
Haws. Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Hibbard, Htllyer, Holla-
day, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Thomas
M. Howe, Ingersoll, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T- Jone«!, George W. Jones,
George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace,
Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mai tin,
McCorkle, McDonald, McLanahan, McNair, Meade, Mili-
son, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Murray,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Penniman, Polk, Price, Rantoul, Riddle, Robie,
Robinson, Ross, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Scbermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, 6rigen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith,
Snow, Frederick P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, A. H. Ste-
phens, Stratton, Scrother, Stuart, Sutherland, Benjamin
Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Tuck, Vena-
ble, Ward, Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Addison White,
Wildrick, William*, and Woodward—139.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL SATURDAY.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is impossible to pro-
ceed with the business of" this House to any ad-
vantage until the committees are appointed by the
Presiding Officer. I intend, therefore, to move
that the House do now adjourn until to-morrow,
and then we can adjourn over until Monday, so
as to give the Speaker an opportunity to appoint
the standing committees of the House. 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
.tleman from Illinois withdraw that motion for a
few moments, to allow me to offer a resolution for
the consideration of the House?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I^m appealed to by
several gentlemen to withdraw my motion, so as
to allow them to present resolutions; and in order
to give them an opportunity of so doing, I will
change my motion, and now move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Saturday next.
The motion was agreed to.
SEATS FOR THE OFFICIAL REPORTERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the
Chair, to ascertain whetbei it be practicable to piovide two
or three seats within the bar of the House foi the Reporters
of the Congressional Globe, without incommoding the
House, and that the committee report upon the subject.
The resolution was agreed to.
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. HEBARD offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk furnish to each member and
delegate of this House, such newspapers as they may
designate, the cost not exceeding $30 in the whole, to each
member.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the resolution by striking out the words "thirty
dollars,"and substituting therefor 4'fiftydollars."
Mr. TUCK moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which main question was
on the adoption of Mr. Stanton's amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution and amendment upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment; but they were
not orderea.
Mr. FICKLIN demanded tellers on ordering
the veas and nays; but tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the resolution and
amendment upon the table.
The SPEAKER stated that that motion, having
just been voted down by the House, was not now
in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was decided in the affirmative
—ayes 94, noes 64.
So the amendment wag agreed to.
Mr HAMILTON moved to lay the resolution
as amend.ed upon the table, and called for the yeas
and .nays oh that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, it was decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to lay the resolution, as
amended, upon the table.
The (Question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution as amended.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Andrews, John Apple-
ton, William Appleton, Bartiett, Breckenridge, Briggs,
George H. Rrown, Burrows, Burt, Cabell, Thompson
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Chngman, Con-
ger, Cottman, George T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Duncan,
Edgerton, Ewing, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Good-
rich, Hammond, Haws, Hebard, Horslord, John W. Howe,
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Darnel T. Jones, George €*. King,
Preston King, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Edward C. Marshall,
Maitin, McCorkle, McDonald, McNair, Miner, Henry D.
Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins,
Porter, Price, Riddle, Robie, Itoss, Russell, Sackett, Sav-
age, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymo.ui, Smfyt, Snow,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Sutherland,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Walsh,
Waid, and Washburn—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, Ashe,
Averett, Habcock, Barrere, Thomas H. Bayly, Bell, Bibig-
haus, Bocock, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, Brooks,Buell, Bus-
by, Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Caskie,
Churchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Coleock, Daniel,
John G. Davis, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Dunham,
Durkee, Eastman, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Fickhn,
Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Green, Giey, Grow, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Halt,
Hascall, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holla-
day, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ives,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
George W. Jones, J, Glanc> Jones,Kuhns, Kuitz, Letcher,
Humhrey Marshall, McLanalian, McMullin, Meacham,
Million, MoJouy, Murphy, Nabers, Orr, Peaslee, Perm,
Phelps, Rantoul, Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson, Skelton,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stone, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Sweetser, George W.
Thompson, T-onibs, Town&hend, Venable, WaJbridge,
Watkms, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Wilcox, Wild-
rick, Williams, and Woodward—109.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CARTTER, the House then
adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILts.
By Mr. HENN : A bill creating three new land districts
in the State ol Iowa.
Also, a bill piovidmg for the correction of errors in the
location of military bounty land warrants and the entry of
land .
By Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee : A bill to encourage
agriculture and manufactures, and lor other purposes.
By Mr. CLARK: A bill piovidmg foi a grant of public
lands to the State of Iowa, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Du Buque to Keokusk, and fiom Davenport
to Council Bluffs, m said State.
By Mr. LETCHER: A bill to change the tunes of hold-
ing the courts for the western distnct of Virginia, and to
increase the salary of the judge theieof.
By Mr. CABELL of Florida: A bill granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the States ot Florida
and Alabama, in aid of the construction of a railroad from
the waters of the Pensacola Bay, in Floiida, to Montgom-
ery, in the State of Alabama, and for other purposes.
Also, a bill making a similar giant to the State of Floii-
da, in aid of the construction of the " Florida, Atlantic, and
Gulf Central Rail toad."
By Mr. MACE: A bill granting a portion of the public
lands to actual settlers.
By Mr. DOTY : A bill to select the balance of the lands
to which the State of Wisconsin is entitled und<u the act
making a grant of land to aid in ihe unpiovemem of the
navigation of Fo\ and Wisconsin livery and the construc-
tion of Portage canal.
Also, a bill making a grant of land to aid m the construc-
tion ot a railroad from the Copper Mines, on the shore of
Lake Superior, to Chicago.
Also, a bill making a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the most eligible point on Lake
Michigan, to the Foils of St. Anthony, in Minnesota Tern-
tory.
By Mr. JOHNSON of Arkansas: A bill granting the
right of way through, and making a grant of public lands to,
the State of Arkansas, m aid of the construction of a rail-
road from St. Louis, in Missouri, via Little Rock, to Ful-
ton, on the Red nver, and from some point on the Missis-
sippi livei, in Tennessee, via Little Rock, to Foit Smith.
By Mr GORMAN: A bill to supply a deficiency m the
grant of lands to the State of Indiana for the benefit ot a
State Univemtv, under the ordinance of 1787.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : A bill entitled an Act to repeal the
ninth and tenth sections of the " Act to prohibit the im-
portation of slaves into any port or place witmn the juhs-
diction of the United States from and after the 1st day of
January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and eight."
tinder the rule, andre'ferred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. HENN: The petition of Thomas McrKhigbt,
Geoige H. McHenry, Warner Lewis, and Mordecai Mobley,
registers and receivers of the land office at X>ubuque£
asking additional compensation for locating military boufitc
land warrants. " V
"Also, the memorial of a convention of 204 delegates from
the States of Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, and Missouri, and
the Territory of Minnesota, assembled at Burlington, in the
State of Iowa, on the 23d and 24th days of- October, 1851,
asking tlie removal of the obstructions in the Mississippi
river, at the Des Moines and Rock river Rapids.
Also, the petition of H. D. Downey and jSastin -Morris,
register and receiver, and Jesse Bowen, late register of the
land office at Iowa City, asking additional compensation
for the location of mihtaiy bounty land warrants.
Also, the petition of R. W. Steele and 29 others, citizens
of Wan en county, Iowa, asking for the establishment of a
mail route, Sec., from Oskaloosa, via Knoxville and Indian-*
ola, to Winterset.
By Mr. CLARK: The petition of Thomas McKinght,
M. Mobley, Warner Lewis, and George McHenry, asking
additional compensation as land officers.
By Mr. CABELL of Florida: The memorial of the
Board of Internal Improvements of the State of Florida for
the right of way and grant of public land in said State, in
aid of the construction of the Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf
Central Railroad.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
in senate.
Thursday, December 4, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. Douglas of Illinois, and Mr. Badger of
North Carolina, appeared in their seats this morn-
^The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretory of the Interior, made
agreeably to law, communicating lists of the '
names of the invalids, widows, and orphans now
on the Navy pension rolls of the United Suites;
which was read, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, communicating copies of his accounts for
the third and fourth quarters of the year 1850, and
the first and second quarters of 1851, as adjusted
by the accounting officers of the Treasury; which
was read, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, agreeably to law, a report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, showing the
progress of that work during the year ending No-
vember, 1851; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from John P. Gaines, Governor
of Oregon Territory, communicating, agreeably
to law, information respecting the application of
moneys appropriated for public uses in thai Terri-
tory; which was read.
RECESS.
i Mr. BADGER. I desire this morning to seize
| the first vacant moment in the business of the
• Senate, to attend to a highly-important matter,
I fearing that it might be overlooked if not now at-
: tended to. I hope that my friend from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Walker] will give me his attention, and
that on this occasion I shall be happy enough to
obtain his concurrence. If I do obtain it, I have
no doubt of the unanimous consent of the Senate.
I move that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WALKER. The honorable Senator who
has just taken his seat has had such a very ar-
duous and laborious duty to discharge during that
portion of the session which has already elapsed,
that I shall give him my concurrence in his mo-
tion to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. BADGER. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, and also, surviving officers and sol-
diers, and widows and children of those deceased
who served in the war of 3812, for a modification
of the bounty land act of September 20, 1850, so
as to give to each of the persons intended to be
benefited not less than one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
Also, of John A. Ragan, of Louisiana, for aid
to enable him to execute a plan which he has dis-
covered to prevent the overflow of the Mississippi
river, and to drain and reclaim the inundated lands
of the valleys of the Mississippi and its tributa-
ries.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of the pres-
ent register and receiver, and the late incumbents
of the land office at Defiance, in the State of Ohio,
