1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
town, which tiiey maintained with force and arms.
There were heavy disturbances existing there in
the Indian nation, amounting at times almost to
civil war. I believe before it was done with, it
was quite civil war. I know they were taken, but
what was done with them I do not know. They
were taken and carried out of the nation, with the
design of holding them as property, when they
couid not hold them in the nation, on account of
the disturbance which they created. 1 know the
decision of the Attorney General Qf the United
States, as to the title to these negroes, ahd that is
the whole statement in regard to the'matter, as far
as I can give it. I know nothing at all officially,
but as far as 1 know anything in relation to the
matter from any source, the gentleman is wel-
come to it. There is nothing disguised, so far as
I am concerned.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I have not the least doubt
there is rot. 1 have served with that gentleman,
and I know his feelings, the humanity which he
always exhibits. But there is one thing which I
want to s.iy heie, and Llien I will give way.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is one thing more
which I wiil give. I have it from a gentleman
from the State of Aik&nsas, who is generally cor-
rect in the statements he m^kes." I can only give
the gentleman's understandings, for I have no of-
ficial information. I can, however, give some in-
formation from this gentleman, who is well ac-
quainted with the progress of this contest, and the
condition of things there at the time, in relation
to the action of these very same parties who were
slaves to the Creeks. The representation is, that
the most shameful outrages upon the face of the
earth have been perpetrated upon females, the
daughters of the Indians themselves, which just-
ified civil war upon their part.
Mr. GIDDiNGS. Before I give way for the
committee to rise, I must protest against this off-
setting of crimes. If those negroes were guilty of
rape, it was no reason why this Administration
should sell them, or suffer them to be sold, into
slavery. But 1 know what gentlemen would an-
swer 
Mr. JOHNSON. Then why ask for an an-
swer ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Because I intended to ex-
pose the mnnner in which these crimes have been
treated, and to-xnotrow I will explain the matter
further.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
does not acknowledge either of the Baltimore plat-
forms, so I suppose he may agitate. [Laughter.]
A motion was then made that the committee
rise, which was put, and carried in the affirm-
ative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chaiiman
(Mr. Disnf.y) reported that the committee had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 44, it being the Indian appro-
priation bill, and had come to no conclusion there-
on.
Mr. HOUSTON. The deficiency bill has
been returned to the House. 1 understand the
Senate lus concurred in most of the amendments
of the House. I had hoped it would be in such
a condition that the House could concur in the
amendments to which the Senate have disagreed.
I will state what they are.
Several Members. There.is no quorum, and
you cannot pass them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to have any
trouble about it, and I will move that the bill be
committed to the Committee on Ways and Means.
There are but thiee amendments which the Senate
have not concurred m, and I think there will be
no objection to those. They have non-concurred
in the amendment of the House in reference to the
appropriation for the Louisville custom-house.
They have reduced the appropriation to $16,000.
They have insisted upon the amendment which
we rejected, providing that money should not be
expended in the Territories without being pre-
viously sanctioned by law. They have also non-
concurred in the amendment of this liouse to that
paragraph of the bill which proposes to allow
ยง25,000 to negotiate foi the removal of the Indians
from Texas. They non-concur in our amend-
ment by which we propose to give it to all the
Indians. They propose to confine it, as originally,
to the Indians who have gone from the territory
was recognized by the
of the United States into Texas. Those are the j
amendments now pending between the two <
Houses. The Senate have added an amendment !
to the amendment of this House by which they i
propose to appropriate $50,000 for the pay and j
mileage of members of the Senate. I would like
a concurrence in these Senate amendments. I
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust this !
House, although there are very few of us here j
now, will be very far from concurring in that por- ,
tion which relates to the Louisville custom-house. !
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken- j
tucky [Mr. Marshall] resists it as a matter of i
course.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of priv- j
lege. I move that the House do now adjourn. '
The SPEAKER. T 'he motion is not now in :
order. j
Mr. MARSHALL. I have only this to say, j
that I trust the House will not concur in that por- j
tion of the Senate report which relates to the j
Louisville custom-houwe. As a Representative of j
that district, 1 do not know by what instrument- ;
tility the Senate has been affected, or who it is ;
that has operated upon it; but I would rather have .
no amendment than to have $1G,000, because there j
is no sense or propriety in it.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. MARSHALL. But whether this House
concurs or not in the other amendments, 1 trust it
will not concur in that, and that they will either
drop it entirely, or give me the benefit of a com-
mittee of conference. I have said all I desire to
say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desiie the
gentleman to yield me the floor a moment.
Mr. SKELTON. I use to a question of order.
It is, that there is no business hefore the House,
and consequently debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Phelps m the chair.)
The Chair will say to the gentleman 
Mr. FOWLER. I was recognized
Chair.
Air. HOUSTON. I was going to move to
commit this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I was recognized by the Chair,
and I claim the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to refer this bill to
the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. FOWLER. I have the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. How can gentlemen take
the floor m this way? I yielded tiie floor to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Skelton] rose to a question of order.
Mr. SKELTON. My question of order is,
that there is no question properly before the
House, and consequently that debate is out of
order.
The SPEAKER,. By genera! consent the de-
ficiency bill was taken up.
Mr. COBB. General consent was not asked,
Mr. HOUSTON. I asked that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
We will have a report in the morning.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it the order of this
House that the floor can be taken from me in this
manner?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Vh\ Skelton] rose to a question of or-
der.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am willing to yield to
a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] moved informally to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency bill. No
objection being made to the motion the Chair then
entertained it, as he understood, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is right;
that is correct.
Mr. COBB. No appeal to the House for con-
sent was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman has yielded
to me to make, a single remark by way of expla-
nation. It is this, sir; I do not wish to make a
motion myself to have this bill referred to a com-
mittee of conference between the two Houses,
upon those two or three amendments. 1 do not
wish to make the motion myself, because it in-
volves upon any one who makes the motion the
necessity of taking the position of chairman of
the committee, and I do not want it, because I
should have no time to attend to it. I suggest that
such course be taken with it; and -I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.
Marshall] will be coneuired in.
Mr. FOWLER. T rise to a question of oedpr.
There is no quorum present, andj make the point
of order, that we cannot transact business without
quorum. " . "
"Mr. MARSHALL. That-question c&-nnot'be
ascertained while I am uponcthe floor.-
Mr. FO WLER. My question of order is, that
we can do no business, because there is not a
quorum here.
The SPEAKER. There has" been no division
by which the Chair could determine whether a
quorum is present or not.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that a committee
of conference be appointed upon the points of dif-
ference between the Senate and ourselves.
Mr. COBB. I want a division upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state,to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. * Marshall,]
that he is- informed that there is a new amendment
proposed by the Senate to this bill, which will r.e-
qmresomeother action upon the part of the House
than a committee of conference.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I change my mo-
tion, and move that this House -disagree to the
Seuate amendments, and appoint a committee of
conference, and inform the Senate of the fact. .
Mr.'FOWLJSR. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Tiie House was being divided on the motion,
when 
Mr. HART took the floor. Where will this
bill go should the House now adjourn ? To the
Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is now,pending
to disagree to the Senate amendments.
Mr. HART. Will it be the first business in
order to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is a new appropria-
tion, it will be necessary to send it to the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. That bill as it
comes from the Senate, proposes a new appropri-
ation of $50,000. That, as a matter of course,
under the rules, if required, must go to the 'Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. AVERETT. I understand that a motion
to adjourn has been made, and the House ik divi-
ded upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. A motion was made to ad-
journ, and while the question was being put, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hart] rose to a
question of oider.
Mr. HART. *1 beg pardon. I rose to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a question of order.
The rules of this House.require each member to
keep his seat, and that but one member shall speak
at a time. [Laughter;]
The SPEAKER. The .question is upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I would like to inquire if the
chairtpan of the Committee of Ways and Means
did not make a motion to recommit this bill?
, The SPEAKEIR. The floor was not assigned
to him for that purposp.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand thattobethefact.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to be cap-
tions about this thing at all. I know the bill has
to take that course, and therefore I move to com-
mit the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question of order.
I wis h to know what question is now pending?
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not a question of ad-
journment ?
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. MACE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was again being taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn, when
Mr. FOWLER said: I withdraw the motion
to adjourn, as there is some doubt about the po-
sition of the bill.
Mr. COBB. 1 wnew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to commit the bill
tothe Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COBB. I ask for a division upon that
motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I undersfand my motion
