1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
let if lie over a few days, that we may have a lit-
tle further opportunity to consider it, for really I
have no very fixed and decisive views upon the
subject. In the suggestion which 1 have thus made
somewhat hastily, I have been influenced exclu-
sively by a regard to the commercial interests of
the country.
Again, suppose the answer to this resolution
should be, that it is not incompatible with thepubnc
service to give the information? will that not put
upon the qui vive the whole of the commercial
nafons of Europe who are our competitors over
the globe? Will they not be ready to thwart any
attempt on our part, if we give such an emphasis
to this project? The embroilments which may
result from it will be very dangerous in many
aspects, besides the thwarting of our commercial
views.
However, we, the men of America, care not for
danger. That is the national spirit, and I fear
that spirit will become so strong, ultimately, that
it will seek danger in that duixotic spirit which
controlled the illustrious Spaniard m seeking it—
for the purpose of setting all mankind right, ac-
cording to our notions.
I hope the honorable Senator will consent to let
it go over till a future day. I should like to know ;
more about it. I doubt extremely the policy of .
the measure. All matters connected with the pol-
icy of the country cannot be touched with too
much caution and too much care. Even words,
sounds, mere air that vanishes, and is not remem-
bered even for a day, may very often produce a '
sufficient impression upon the world to lead to
results of the most disastrous character. This
majr do it much more. It seems to me that it is
obvious to every child, even from the first-form ;
up to any one at the head of a college, that our !
destiny, if we guard properly our resources at j
home, our own power, our own institutions, are
at last to ascend to the very apex of human gran-
deur. And as surely as we shall dissipate our
forces upon every wild, outlandish, and distant
country, and distant interest, so surely we shall
at last be regarded as having failed to rise to that
height.
I regard this expedition as purely commercial
in its character. It may, by possibility, involve
something beyond that. Suppose our naval force
should be assailed in those eastern seas ?—which I
think is no improbable supposition—it is not the
character of the American sailor to i^eceive a blow !
without returning it. And if we had fifty ships-
of-the-line there, and one of them should be treated
inhospitably, it would give more emphasis to our
power to send a few American remonstrances, as
an exhibition of American power, than all the
diplomacy of a Talleyrand could effect, or even
that which has been said to control the affairs of '
the United States. However, I am pretty indif- j
ferent about the matter; but I would prefer that it
should he over for the present. ■;
Mr. BORLAND. 1 certainly did not expect \
any opposition to this resolution when I offered it;
and I do not think, that since I have served in this '!
body, I have heard opposition to such a resolu- ij
tion. I doubt whether, in the history of the pro- :!
ceedings of tne Senate, a resolution asking of the
Executive Department of the Government informa- i;
tion on a matter of importance to the public ser- j
vice, has ever been rejected or opposed. I confess j
my great surprise at the opposition which has now J
been made. No one, it seems to me, could have '
inferred from the terms of the resolution itself, that ;
any reflection was intended to be cast upon the :
conduct of the President of the United States, or j
to raise even the suggestion that he was doing '
anything wrong in sending out this expedition.
Mr. MANG&M. I did not allege anything of ||
the kind. "
Mr. BORLAND. Such certainly was not my ;!
intention in oifering the resolution. I did not 1
charge, nor intimate, nor believe, that injury was ' j
intended, or likely to result to the country from
this expedition. If any such impression goes j
out in connection with it, it will surely be solely il
nttributoble to the complexion that the Senator
from North Carolina, as a friend of the Adminis- ,
tration, has jjiven to it. He has gone on to sun-
pose that such and such might be the state of '
affairs. Sir, I have supposed no such thing. I 1
saw announced in the public newspapers, and find
it stated in the House of Representatives by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval A flairs, that
943
j a large and important naval expedition was about
| to sail for the Indian Ocean ; that it was to sail
| yesterday. If I had heard of this expedition ear-
lier, I should have otiered my lesolution 111 time
i to obtain the information before the time of sail-
these intimations are well founded, and the prob-
able results are to be as important as we may
expect from the responses of the oracles, surely,
we ought to have more certain and definite inform-
ation, in order to make preparation for them,
j r-} | I I tttiUJl j ill UI UCl LU
ing arrived .but 1 saw tins announcement by the j and for their consequences—one of which last will
chairman ottne Committee of JNaval Affairs of |l be beyond all doubt, a heavy bill of expenses
the House of Representatives the day before yes-
terday; and I came here immediately, and offered
my resolution.
.Now, Mr. President, I may be wrong in the
views which have governed me in this; but I
have always held this, even before I had a seat on
this floor, and that opinion has been confirmed
.! Since I have been here, that it is not only not
necessary, but that it is highly improper that any
act of this Government, or of any branch of it,
either legislative or executive, should be done in
secrecy or concealment from the public eye. I do
not care what the purpose may be; 1 do not care
whether the act relate to our commercial, or dip-
lomatic, or any other interest, or whether it be our
action here on the nominations of the Presidentfor
office; I have always believed that it was proper
that all these things should take place in open day-
light. It might have done very well at a certain
period of the world's history, or may now do upon I
the European continent, for all diplomacy to be
carried on secretly. The history of the several j
countries of Europe shows that it matters but very !
little to the people, who have 110 voice in the Gov- i
ernment, whether they serve one master or an-
other. Nor are their real interests or condition
affected by arrangements which those who govern
them may enter into. It might have done very
well, and it may do now, foi the monarchs of
which will come upon us to pay. And for thrs,
however large it may make the appropriations, we
are told, already, by the organ of the President,
and by his friends on this floor, that we shall be
held responsible before the country. Now, sir, if
we are to be lesponsible for the consequences of
an act, have we not a right—is it not our duty—
to know what it is ? If it be a proper act, in our
estimation, to give it the proper ''material aid;"
or, if to us it seems to be wrong, in order that we
may exercise our legitimate authority to arrest and
forbid it. These are my reasons for offering this
resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely opposed to this
resolution until I obtain some information as to
the bearing it is intended to have upon the coun-
try. I think that if the Senator from Arkansas
[Sir. Borland] will take into consideration the
importance of the trade now going to the Pacific,
he certainly will justify ihe Administration m
sending an expedition to explore those seas. I
will suppose a case, and then I think the Senator
will see that it is important that these seas should
be explored. Suppose that part of the instruc-
tions given to the commander of the fleet was to
explore these seas for the purpose of finding an
island m which coal might be obtained, m order
| that we might have a depot to supply vessels: is
| it proper to make it known to alt the world, that
. - '  , j v. vv lA.WibW I* il bV Ull VllUU
those countries to operate in secret, and carry out t| some other power may go and take possession of it?
their own objects^ without the knowledge, and li But I will go further. Suppose that this expedi-
without regard to tne interests of the people; lest ;j tion is intended to commence commercial relations
some of their brethren who wear crowns upon
their heads should take occasion to inteivene and
defeat them. But, sir, here we have nothing of
that kind. The people of the United States are i
the governors and the government. We are but'
their agents and representatives here, whether in J
the White House, at the other end of the avenue, [j
or in either House of Congress; and 1 hold that 1
we have no right to take any step whatever m
any important respect affecting their interests,
which, from the beginning to the end, and in all
with a people with whom we have no intercourse
at present—for instance, such a people as the
Japanese: is it proper that we should make such
a design public, and especially to a certain nation
m Europe, to enable them to interfere against us,
and to keep up that monopoly which they now
hold? I think it eminently proper that every
movement of this kind which is peaceful in its
character, and especially any movement, the ob-
' ject of which is to establish a depot in the Pacific—
if that is part of the object of the expedition, and
; its parts, is not fnirly before the people. 1 do not ^ I do not know that it is—should be kept secret.
, V10I1OVA H-iHt cimr ininn? voonit t/i tlia wiil-.li/. ! T C    n: a.i.l. a .3 * *  -.1 u
believe that any injury can result to the public
interest, by a free and full exposition of all that
we do, and of the motives with which it is done.
I have no design to assail the Administration,
or to charge it with anything wrong; certainly not
to intimate that i believe it is about to commit an
act to the injury of the country, either purposely,
or as the natural consequences of the act now in
question. But we are responsible, to a certain
extent, for the conduct of every department of this
Government. We are told every day—and were
told here only a few days since by the Senator
from North Carolina himself—that whatever of
extravagance and impropriety had been practiced
by this Government, even m its Executive branch,
was justly chargeable to the majority in the two
Houses of Congress, and not to the President.
Ay, sir, that we hold the purse-strings—the real
means of control over all Government action,
whether legislative or executive; and that if we
failed in the duty of exercising this control, we,
alone, were responsible. Sir, 1 agree with the Sen-
ator fully in this. I take his own position, and
now ask him to stand upon it with me. He was
right, sir; the responsibility of every act of this
Government, whether done by Congress or by the
Executive, rests on the shoulders of the majorities
of the two Houses of Congress. As one of the
majority, in this Senate, I am not only willing to
take that responsibility, "which is a fair and legiti-
mate one, but \ court it. The Senator from North
Carolina, as a friend of the Administration, need
not so anxiously seek to shift it from the President
upon Congress. We are very willing—we are
desirous to take it; and for that very reason, I
offer the resolution: for, along with the responsi-
bility for the President's acts, I want also inform-
ation as to what those acts are. One is necessary
to the other.
flints have been thrown out by the friends of
the Administration, as to the probable results of
this expedition. Not only commerce and di-
plomacy, but war has been shadowed forth. If
I for one am willing that the Administration should
send out such an expedition, the object of which
is undoubtedly m relation to the commerce of the
country; and I take it for granted that the Execu-
tive will not involve the country in those enormous
expenses, fears of which are sometimes expressed
by Senators upon this floor.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have recently received a
letter from California which satisfies me that some
expedition of this kind should go out forthwith:
and 1 take this occasion to state that the writer,
who is an officer in our service, states that some
time ago they picked up about fifty Japanese who
were wrecked on the coast of the Pacific, and that
they are m California now, and are pining to return
to their own country. I have this letter, and I am
glad that I can bring this matter to the notice of
the Administration. The people of California have
no means of sending these men home, and there
is something of apprehension on the part of mer-
chant vessels to approach theircoast. This officer
begged that I would lay the matter, as quickly as
possible, before the Department, hoping that if
this expedition goes to Japan these men may ac-
company the expedition as an introduction. In
my opinion this would be an excellent piece of
policy, by which some advantage might be gained.
But whether or not, it would certainly be an act of
humanity to convey these men to their native land,
provided we have any public vessels going there.
The Senator from California stated the truth
when he said that the trade of Japan might be-
come a matter of great importance to this country;
and if we can open a peaceful intercourse with that
country, I think it may be greatly to our advan-
tage. I am, therefore, inclined to think that the
resolution of the Senator from Arkansas, at this
time, would have an injurious effect.
Mr. HALE. I am not in favor of passing this
resolution, Mr. President, for I think it would
imply a decree of verdencv in the Senate to pass
it, of which I should not like to see it guilty,
I think that if the President of the United States
