1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must inter- ]
fere to prevent discussion. Does the Senator from \
Delaware make any motion.? i
Mr. BAYARD. I would rather like to look j
into the facts, anil examine the law of 1817.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Friday next.
LIEUTENANT W. D. PORTER.
Senate bill No. 254 was then taken up, and
read a second time, and considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, being " A bill for j
the relief of Lieutenant YV. 1>. Porter." . " |
The bill provides that the Secretary of the j
Treasury be directed to pay to Lieutenant W. D. :
Porter, of the Navy of the United-§5tates,.the sum
of §1,848 61, being for so much money expended
by him for expenses incurred in bringing Am in.
Bey, of the Turkish navy, and his attendants, to
the United States, in the year 1850, at the request
. of the Minister Resident of the United States at
Constantinople.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. It
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
BANCROFT WOODCOCK.
The Senate took up Senate bill No. 259, for the
relief of Bancroft Woodcock. It was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It enacts that the several patents granted to
Bancroft Woodcock, on the 26th day of January,
in the year 1832. and on the 23d day of November,
in the year 1836, and on the 14th day of June in
the year 1837, and on the 31st day of January, in
the year 1845, for his improvements m the self-
sharpening plow, be renewed and extended for the
term of ten years, from and after the passage of
the act; provided, the said Bancroft Woodcock
shall, within three months after the passage of the
act, make and file in the Patent Office amended
specifications of his inventions, for the purpose
of correcting defects therein; and shall pay the
legal fees and charges thereof. And the Commis-
sioner of Patents is directed to receive the surren-
der of the said patents; and on payment of the
fees and charges provided by law for the extension
of patents, to issue to Bancroft Woodcock new
patents, with amended specifications; provided,
however, that said patents, issued under the act,
shall have no more force or effect as evidence, or
otherwise, than if the renewal and extension had
been nvde by the Board of Extensions or the
Commissioner of Patents, before the expiration of
the original patents; and provided fmthei,that all
persons now enjoying the lawful use of machines
constructed under the patents, aforesaid may con-
tinue to use the same, notwithstanding the act.
Mr. SHIELDS. That bill, as I understand it,
is intended to revive a great many old expired
patents.
Mr. JAMES. If the Senator from Illinois will
permit me, I will explain the bill in a few words.
Mr. Bancioft Woodcock had taken out four pat-
ents for his inventions, the last of which expires
in 1859. The object of the renewal is simply to
confirm to hmi the rights and piivileges which
heretofore beiongedto him, and without which the
last improvement would be of no value. Mr.
Woodcock is a hard-working mechanic, and the
committee have examined his claim, and are sat-
isfied of its justice and propriety. The exten-
sion, nominally for ten years, is, in reality only
for three years, because the patent which he at
presentholds. expires in 1859. The benefit which
will be really conferred on Mr. Woodcock, will be
the extension of the other patents, of which the
last is an improvement, during that time.
Air. SHIELDS. I believe I understand the bill
now. The last patent which Mr. Woodcock ob-
tained expires in 1859, and he asks for an exten-
sion of it—being an improvement on many previ-
ous patents—for a term of three years, and he de-
sires to have the previous patents superadded, as
it were, to the last patent?
I really do not know whether this is a matter
upon which we can legislate properly. I am not
acquainted with the subject? but it appears to me
to be a question for the consideration of the Com-
missioner of Patents, rather than for the action of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
be under the necessity of passing the bill over, if
any discussion should arise on it. !
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not offer any further I
objection to the bill. !
Mr. WALKER. I object to it. . I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed Over.
CYRUS H. McCORMICK.
The next bill m order was a bill for the relief of
Cyrus R. McCormick.
Mr. NORRIS. I propose to discuss that bill
when it comes up. It is, therefore, unnecessary
to read it now.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The next bill in order was a hill for the relief of j
the captors of the frigate Philadelphia.
! Mr. HALE.' I shall discuss that bill. I wish j
| it to be passed over.
| The bill was accordingly passed over.
i FREDERICK VINCENT.
| The next bill in order was a bill for the relief of
.j Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le j
jl Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze and Mallett.
ii Mr. BAYARD. That bill, I believe, reserves
;! inteiest on the claim. I shall wish to discuss that
i! question, if it js intended to give interest. From
' j so much of the report as I have glanced at, I am i
j: inclined to think the Government never can be
liable to interest in such a case, either on prioei-
! pies ofjusnceor equity,or on any other principle.
' The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
Mr. BAY ARD. I would rather discuss it from
the phase of the report.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
ANN ROBINSON.
The Senate took up C£ A hill for the relief of i
Ann Robinson;" which was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of State to
pay to Ann Robinson, of Virginia, the sum of
$380, it being the assessed value of a slave, car-
ried off from Virginia by the British forces, in
June, 1813, during the war declared bytheUnited
States against Great Britain, if there be so much
remaining of the fund of $1,204,960, provided by
the first article of the treaty of Ghent, and paid
by Gieat Britain, and accepted by the United
States in full satisfaction for slaves and other prop- !
erty carried off.
The bill wax reported to the Senate without ;
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a[
third reading. It was subsequently read a third j
time and passed. j
GUSTAVUS A. DE RUSSY. • j
The Senate then took up House bill No. 96, ;
being " A bill for the relief of Gustavus A. De I
Russy, kite an acting purser in the United States j
Navy," which had been read a second time, and 1
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, j
it proposes-to authorize the Secretary of the .
Treasury to pay to Gustavus A. De Ilussy, late j
ji an acting purser in the Navy, the sum of $514, j
'j m full of the balance of compensation to which ;
hhe is entitled for his services as an acting purser.
! Mr. FELCII. If theie is a report in that case ■
; I desire to hear it rcod. 1
.j The report made by the committee of the House ■
of Representatives was read, in which the com- j
j I mittee state, that the ship Concord, belong-in^- then '
to the Brazilian squadron, was some time in the .
year 1842, by order of Commodore Morris, com- ;
mander of said squadron, sent to the coast of1
[1 Africa. William Bcerum was then captain of ■
!! said ship, and the said Gustavus A. De Russy
,] was captain's clerk, the latter officer receiving the j
<1 pay of ^500 per annum. In the month of Octo- j
j bei, in the said year 1842, the ship Concord, being '
: engaged in the pursuit of slaves, was wrecked at
.j the mouth of 1'Orange river, and the captain and
:j purser were lost in an attempt to cross the bar in
:I a boat. On the 7th of November, 1842, to fill the
office of purser thus made vacant, Mr. De Russy
' j received an acting appointment, under the hand of
Lieutenant Gardner, then the senior officerbelong-
'! ing to the wrecked Concord, and was duly placed
in charge of ihe stores, moneys, accounts, and ef-
;j fects of the former purser. Pie assumed this
• i charge under all the disadvantages consequent
.1 upon a shipwreck on a desolate coast, and fulfilled
in all their details the duties of a purser to the
officers and crew until they were received on board
the United States ship Pennsylvania, after their
arrival in the United States. His services as
.purser extended to the 31st of March, 1843. The
pay of pursers in the Navy, as previously regu-
lated by law, was $40 per month and two rations
per day, of the value of twenty cents each. In
addition to this, however, certain perquisites at-
tached to the office, in the shape of commissions
on purchases, or profits, on supplies; but on the
barren coast of Africa, where few supplies could
be obtained, and they only from a considerable
distance and at great cost, Mr. De Russy was de-
prived of the benefit of any such perquisites or
emoluments, because he furnished the supplies at
the cost of procuring them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, read a third time, and passed.
PROTECTION TO THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. SHIELDS. A bill passed this body this
morning—House bill No. 259, being '* An act to
provide for the protection of the Territories of
New Mexico and Oregon, and the States of Texas
and California,"—when I happened to be absent.
Yesterday, by an amendment ma,de to the body
of the bill, "Utah " was inserted as one of the
Territories to be protected, and it was omitted in
the title; I wish now to amend the title so as to
assimilate it to the body of the bill, and ask per-
mission of the Senate to do so.
Mr. RUSK. - You' have a right to make the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The bill can be amended
as the Senator from Illinois desires, by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate. If there be no ob-
jection made, the title will be so amended.
No objection being made,the title was amended,
accordingly.
HEIRS OF THOMAS FLETCHER, DECEASED.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives, entitled " An act for the relief of
the executors and heirs of Thomas Fletcher, de-
ceased," which was reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, without amendment. It en-
acts that William M. Seddith, and Henry Daniel,
the surviving executors, and Felix F. Fletcher,
D. W. Fletcher, and Margaret Washington, late
Margaret Fletcher, heirs of Thomas Fletcher,
shall be released and discharged from a certain
penal bond, in the sum of $.20,000, payable to the
United States, executed by said Thomas Fletcher,
as one of the sureties of Carey Nichols, May 28,
1817.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and
being read a third time, was passed.
SYLVESTER CHURCHILL.
The bill for the relief of Sylvester Churchill was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to require the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Sylvester Churchill, Inspector General of
the United States Army, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,020 14,
being the pay and emoluments of his office from
July 8, 1845, to January 21, 1846, to which he is
justly entitled, but which he cannot obtain as the
law now stands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
At the request of Mr. Davis, the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs was read, from
which it appears that Sylvester Churchill, of the
United States Army, was appointed inspectorgen-
eral on the_15th of September, 1841, to rank from
the 25th of June of that year; and that on the 23d of
August, 1842, a law was passed which, among
other things, abolished the office of one of the two
inspectors general of the Army. The President
and Secretary of War, however, found it neces-
sary, for reasons which they assign at length, to
continue both until the 29th of April, 1845, during
which time the memorialist discharged the duties
of the office with acknowledged zeal and ability.
On the 29th of April, 1845, the President deemed
it necessary under the law alluded to, to abolish
the office. The memorialist, being the junior,
was honorably discharged. The necessity of the
service, however, and the injustice done a merit-
orious officer, induced Congress to restore the
