82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
Dec.
passed requiring that motions to print extra num-
bers of any document shall go to the Committee
on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, un-
der the rule of the House, the motion must lie
over.
The motion can be entered, but not acted upon.
Mr. EVANS. Then I shall not press the matter
further. I submit the motion that ten thousand
extra copies be printed; and, acccordingto the de-
cision of the Chair, the" motion will lie over.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, before this matter
has passed from before the House, to suggest to
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
whether it would not be better to order the usual
number of copies to be printed now, and let the
extra numbers lie over? I think it is better to
take that course, and by.the time the usual num-
ber are printed we can dispose of the extras.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama make a motion?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir. I move that the
report do lie upon the tahle and be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. The Chair does not com-
prehend the point I suggested. "A proposition
* requesting information from the President of the
' United States, or directing it to be furnished by
'the head of either of the executive departments,
' or by the Postmaster Genera],'' &c. That was
the old rule. The amended rule then goes on to
say: " or to print an extra number of any docu-
' ment, or other matter, excepting messages of the
1 President to both Houses, at the commencement
' of each session of Congress, and the reports and
'documents connected with, or referred to in it,"
&c. The joint rule passed in 1846, requires that
these documents shall be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. This is the rule that is to apply
in this case; because this document, having been
refeired to in the President's message, forms one
of the exceptions, and hence does not go over.
Mr. EVANS. I would suggest, that by gen-
eral consent, this motion to print ten thousand
e-vrtra capies be referred to the Committee on
Printing when that committee shall have been
appointed. J am perfectly willing that disposi-
tion should be made of it.
[Cries of "No objection!" "No objection!"]
Mr. EYANS continued. I will say just one
word to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] in relation to his suggestion, that the House
first order the usual number of copies to be print-
ed, and leave the extras to be disposed of after-
wards. That gentleman will see that if we adopt
his suggestion, and the House at some subsequent
time order the extra number of copies to be
printed, tite type will have to be reset. Suppose
we order the usual number of copies to be printed
now, and the committee delay to report for some
days: the type will have to be set up again, and
we shall be put to double liie expense.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is supposing the com-
mitteo will not do its duty, i am perfectly will-
ing, however, that the motion shall go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The question was then taken, and the report
was ordered to be laid upon the table.
It was then, by general consent, referred to the
Committee on Printing, when appointed.
^ Mr. COBB. I now ask that the bill I sent to
the Clerk's desk be read, and that it be put upon
its passage. The necessity of its immediate pas-
sage will appear upon its face, and I trust there will
not be a man upon this floor to oppose it.
The SPEAKER said it required the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. COBB asked if it would be in order to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative, it not
being m order to suspend the rules except on
Alonda>fe.
Mr. COBB. I see the Ilouse is not in a state
for action to-day, I withdraw my motion.
[Laughter.]
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next, to afford time to the Speaker to arrange
the committees.
[Cries of c< No, no! let's meet on Monday."]
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was then put, and carried in the
affirmative—ayes 117, noes not counted.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER asked that the motion be with-
drawn, in order to allow him to present an appli-
cation to withdraw certain papers.
Mr. STEPHENS refused to withdraw.
The question was then taken, and
The House adjourned till Tuesday next.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. WALSH: A supplement to the act of Septem-
ber 28th, 1850, entitled "An act granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," empowering the
heirs at law of deceased officers and soldiers who held in
then lifetin^ certificates not located, to locate the same m
their own names.
Also, a bill making the counterfeiting of bounty land
certificates and other instruments of value, a criminal
offence.
By Mr. STROTHER: A bill for the relief of the Orange
and Alexandria Rsulroad Company.
By Mr. COBB : A bill for the relief of W. J. Price, of
the county of Jackson, in the State of Alabama.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A bill further to extend the time for
locating Virginia military land wan ants, and returning sur-
veys thereon to the General Land Office.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to tiie appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOWNE : The petition of Thomas B. Cottrill,
for compensation for damages sustained by seizure of the
schooner Essex by the Mexican Government; and the pe-
tition of Edward Clmnn, for increase of pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of II. J. D. Bruin and
43 others, citizens of Adams county, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to rphrve Fiindsay Gossett, as one of the securities of
Isaac Grutzman,late postmaster at Scott, in Adams coun-
ty, Ohio.
By Mr. CABELL of Florida: The petition of Antonio
Alvarez, for arrears of pay as keeper of the archives at St.
Augustine.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 8, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The following Senators, in addition to those
who appeared last week, took their seats this
morning:
Mr. Rusk, from Texas; Mr. Bell, from Ten-
nessee; Mr. Butler and Mr. Rhett, from South
: Carolina; Mr. Downs, from Louisiana; Mr. Bor-
; land, from Arkansas.
COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, X believe the
business of the Senate will be promoted by the
appointment of our standing committees, which
will supersede the necessity of laying business on
the table, and hereafter again taking it up for
1 reference. I therefore move that the 35th rule of
1 the Senate be suspended, and that the gentlemen
| whose names will be found in the list which I
i send to the Chair, constitute the committees of the
j Senate for the present Congress. The 35th rule
i provides that the election of chairmen and rnem-
! bers of the committees shall be by ballot. I un-
j derstand, however, that time can be saved and
! much tiouble obviated. By the unanimous con-
' sent of the Senate the rule can be waived, and I
j hope, by general concurrence, the list which I
send up will be adopted.
There being no objection, the rule was sus-
pended, and the following were agreed to as the
committees of the Senate for the present Con-
gress:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, Douglas,
Norris, Mangum, Underwood.
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, Bright, Gwin,
Pearce, Miller.
On Commerce—Messrs. Hamlin, Soule, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Davis, Seward.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sebastian, Bayard,
Stockton, Upham, James.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Soule, Walker, Atchi-
son, Spruance, Wade.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Shields, Clemens,
Borland, Dawson, Jones of Tennessee.
On the Militia—Messrs. Houston, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Borland, Morton, Spruance.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Gwin, Stockton,
Mallory, Badger, Fish.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Felch, Shields, Dodge
of Iowa, Underwood, Pratt.
0-n Private Land Claims—Messrs. Downs, Whit-
comb, Clemens, Davis, Hale.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Atchison, Sebastian,
Rusk, Bell, Cooper.
Of Claims—Messrs. Brodhead, Whitcomb,
Bayard, Pra:tt, Wade.
On Revohitionary Claims—Messrs. Walker,
Chase, James, Foot of Vermont, Sumner.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Butler, Downs, Brad-
bury, Berrienj Geyer.
On Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk, Soule, Hamlin,
Upham, Morton.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Bright, Rhett,
Douglas, Spruance, Sumner.
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones of Tennessee, Bor-
land, Stockton, Foot of Vermont, Geyer.
For the District of Columbia—Messrs. Shields,
Bradbury, Norris, Berrien, Clarke.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Norris,
James, Whitcomb, Dawson, Smith.
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Bradbury* Bright,
Felch, Mangum, Fish.
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, Houston,
Gwin, Cooper, Jones of Tennessee.
On Public Buildings—Messrs. Whitcomb, Hun-
ter, Clarke.
On Printing—Messrs. Borland,Hamlin, Smith.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Bayard, Mallory,
Hale.
Onthe Library—Messrs. Pearce, Clemens, Dodge
of Iowa.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones of Iowa,
Badger.
To Audit and Control the contingent Expmses of the
Senate—Messrs. Dodge of Iowa, Walker, Bell.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented numerous pe-
titions from the States of Missouri, Indiana, Ver-
mont, Illinois, Alabama, Delaware, New Jersey
and Pennsylvania. All the memorialists, he said,
represent that they are grieved by the election of
Chaplains to serve in the Congress of the United
States; and they are further grieved, they say, by
the appointment of Chaplains in the land and na-
Vcd forces of the United States; they therefore beg
that the subject may be taken into consideration
by the Senate, and steps adopted to get clear of
these obnoxious appointments to them. I move
that they be received, and for the present laid upon
the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Sarah
Bennet, widow of Asahel Bennet, asking com-'
pensation for his services during the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, of Gen. Hugh W. Dobbin, asking com-
pensation for his services as an officer in the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, of Hugh W. Page and other officers of
the Navy, asking compensation in consideration
of peculiar hardships and increased expenses to
which they were subject while m California; and of
the petty officers, seamen, and marines who served
in the frigate Savannah during her cruise in the
Pacific in 1849, askingadditional pay; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of the
President and Directors of the Raleigh and Gas-
ton Railroad Company, asking a remission of
the duties on certain railroad iron; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GWIN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of California in relation
to the Peon fund; which was referred to the Co'm-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, in favor of an act of Congress refunding
to the State the duties collected in her ports pre-
vious to her admission into the Union; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives to use their best efforts to
procure the establishment of forts and the placing
of troops along the borders of this State for the
protection of the citizens against Indian incur-
sions; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, presented the
memorial of E. D. Reynolds, a Purser in the
Navy, asking compensation for his services as a
naval storekeeper at San Francisco, and to be
allowed the pay of a Purser to a sloop-of-war for
the time he performed the duties; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, from W. Henderlite, asking compensa-
tion for services in carrying the mail; referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and PostRoada.
