944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
or the Secretary of the Navy, were to answer us
with candor and truth, without any diplomacy,
preface, or apology, he would say this: "If you
look at the Naval Register, gentlemen of the Sen-
ate, you will find it filled up with the names of six-
ty-eight captains, a majority of whom are waiting
orders. Nearly one hundred commanders are
in the" same condition, 'waiting orders;' so are
lieutenants, midshipmen, and passed-midshipmen
innumerable. And you would find that you ap-
propriate for the naval expenses about nine mil-
lions a year, which is about twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars a day, or about eight hundred
thousand a month. It requires a great deal of in-
genuity to devise ways and means to employ those
officers and spend that money."
We cannot, Mr. President, keep these officers
unemployed; and if you look to the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, made this very session, it
will be seen that he recommends the building of
an additional number of small vessels for that most
excellent, worthy, praiseworthy, and patriotic
reason, that it will bring into employment a num-
ber of worthy lieutenants, who have now nothing
to do. Now, when that is the situation of the
Navy Department, to ask the President what is
the object of sending this expedition to Japan,
would be worse than idle. We have got these
ships, and we have got these men, but we have
nothing on earth for them to do. They are " wait-
ing orders." We are paying them a higher com-
pensation for their services than is paid by any
other nation on earth to officers of the samegrade;
- and it appears by the Register, furnished to you,
that more than half of the two highest grades of
officers are unemployed, and have been so for
years. ^ If we look about us, then, it is apparent
that this is simply a means of employing some of
the ships and some of the men, and of expending
some of the millions that are appropriated daily
for the Navy.
Jt is a worthy, a praiseworthy object. But "the
objection that I have to the resolution, if I have
any at all, is, that I apprehend the President, if he
\yere to answer as I should suppose he will be
likely to answer, will give such an answer as he
did when, having sent a portion of our troops
down South, (perhaps, however, it would not be
delicate to-mention the circumstance, as it occurred
when the Union was in danger,) application was
made to know what the object was in sending the
troops to a certain port 
Mr. CASS. Was the application made by
Congress ?
Mr. HALE. I do not recollect whether it was
or not; but the President answered that he was
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and
that he did not see fit to subject the reasons that
influenced him to calls of this character. Now, I
suppose it would be peculiarly decorous if the
President were to say, in answer to this applica-
tion, that " He did not see fit to subject the rea-
sons that influenced him to calls oftliis kind" 
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire inform me when the President returned
such an answer ? or when such a resolution of the
Senate was sent to him ?
Mr. HALE. 1 did not say that there ever was
any such resolution of the Senate. I only go upon
the newspaper reports. I believe such was the
fact; that was the answer the President gave to a
very respectable application: that he was the Com-
mander-in-Chief, and that he did not see proper
to answer the question. And. sir, I think he was
very right; and should not be surprised if he were
to say to the Senate, "You are a very wise set of
gentlemen, and if you would confine youselves
to the discharge of your constitutional duties, and
allow me to attend to mine, we would get on a
great deal better."
There is no doubt that he might send such an
answer; it would be perfectly constitutional. For
that reason, I am not disposed to acquiesce in this
resolution, and because it is a matter within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the President, over whom
we have no control, and to whom it would be im-
proper and indecorous to send such a resolution
I think it is well that the expedition has been got
up. I think that while we appropriate nine or ten
millions a year for the naval establishment, and
while we insist on keeping it filled up with twice
as many officers as are wanted, and have to build
ships to keep them in employ, it is a piece of
querulousness we ought not to indulge in, to ask
the President why he has made arrangements to
keep some of them in employment. Perhaps this
may be of apiece with one of the most gigantic
humbugs for which an appropriation was ever
made by any nation on earth; I refer to the " Ex-
ploring Expedition," the results of which we have
not got at yet, and the accounts for which are not
yet settled. It may have been a very good thing
for the book-makers, and picture makers, and
printers; but for the country, it was certainly the
most gigantic humbug ever undertaken.
Whether this is, or is not so, it is within the
jurisdiction and sole control of the President, and
we ought not to interfere.
Mr. BORLAND. My purpose seems to be
very strangely and very greatly misapprehended.
I am not opposed to this expedition, and I have
not uttered a word against it. I admit that all that
the Senators from California and from Illinois have
suggested in regard to its probable value and im-
portance may be true. I know nothing to the
contrary. I am not denying that value or that
importance, for 1 do not know anything about
them. And it is because I do not know that I
propose this resolution of inquiry to enable me to
know. If, as has been suggested, the object of
the expedition be to establish new commercial re-
lations for our country in the far East, or if, as
has been hinted here, it is likely to involve us in
warlike collision with another nation, surely it is
not only our right, but our duty, to know all about
it. Our connection with it, and our duties in con-
sequence of it, must be as close and as important
ana as necessary as those of the President can be.
Why, then, conceal its character and its objects
from us? Sir, I am always suspicious of secrecy
and concealment. If a thing be good, it need not
fear the light. If it be bad, the welfare of the
country demands that it should be exposed to
view. I have deemed it proper to call for this in-
formation, because 1 consider it necessary to en-
able us faithfully and efficiently to discharge our
duties.
As to the remarks of the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] if I could regard him, in
giving utterance to them, as the representative of
the Presidentof the United States, I might be dis-
posed to give them a serious response. But as no
such call as he has spoken of has ever been made
by either House of Congress 
Mr. HALE. I did not say that such a call was
made by either House of Congress.
Mr. BORLAND. Nor if any such call had
been made would the President have returned such
an answer as the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has suggested. Our position would,
indeed, be a strange one—would require, indeed,
something more from us than a "resolution of
inquiry," if to our call the President should ever
undertake to say to us, "I am Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy, and exercise my
authority independent of Congress." But, sir,
no President ever has assumed, or ever will as-
sume, any such position. We have not come to
that yet, and we never will come to it. Such an
answer, were it possible, which it is not, would
find us in doubt how to act. We have the power,
and we would exercise it, too, to compel an an-
swer in conformity to the imperative and recipro-
cal obligations of every department of this Gov-
ernment. But, sir, on this occasion, at least, I
cannot recognize the Senator from New Hamp-
shire as the representative of the President. No,
sir, the President, whatever else he may think or
do, neither has assumed, nor will assume, any such
position as that; and no such answer either can or
will come from him to any call of the Senate. I
would ask of him nothing which our right and
duty did not warrant, and doubt not his answer
would be in accordance alike with duty and pro-
priety.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Arkansas
says that there ought to be nothing secret in the
Government; that the people of the United States
are the sovereigns and governors of the country;
that the affairs and transactions of the Govern-
ment are theirs; that the interests and effects are
theirs; and that we are but their agents in man-
aging and carrying on this Government by them
and for their benefit; and that, therefore, all the
transactions of this Government, whether in the
executive or legislative branches of it, shoul'd be
always open to the public inspection, that the peo-
ple may have an opportunity of seeing and under-
standing all measures in their initiation and in their
progress, as well as in their conclusion; because
the measures are the measures of their Govern-
ment, for their interest, and intended to subserve
their advantage. Now, Mr. President, let us ex-
amine this subject a little further.
Supposing it to be true that we are to consider
ourselves a large family, and all of us to be en-
gaged in endeavoring to ascertain what is best to
he done to promote the benefit of that family, the
Senator from Arkansas must at once perceive that
there is this difference between this fanciful and
vast family of twenty millions of people, and an
ordinary family, consisting of a dozen members.
It may be quite proper that family affairs should
be discussed in the family.
It might be desired by some that the affairs of
the whole people of the United States should be
discussed before the whole people of the United
States; but here is the difficulty: if everything is
to be published that is initiatory to the people of
the United States, it must also be published to the
whole world. The Senator says he has no objec-
tion to that. Perhaps not; but I think a great
many people in this nation would object to intro-
ducing the whole world into our family. A man
may be perfectly willing to talk over a subject,
and discuss it at his breakfast table, but there are
very few persons who would wish to speak of
their family affairs before the whole neighborhood.
And although it is true that everything is to be
done here for the interest of the whole people, and
that we are their agents, their interest requires
that we should not promulgate to the world the
measures we have taken with this object in view.
We have secret sessions in regard to our treaties,
and we also have secret sessions in regard to nom-
inations by the President. As to the treaties, it
must be manifest to every one that if they were to
be published to the woild in consequence of being
sent here for our deliberation, that that branch of
the public business could not be transacted with-
out great detriment to the public interest.
Now, if it be true, when the President is about to
send an expedition to Japan, and to give instruc-
tions to the men who are to command it, in regard
to the object of the expedition; and if that object
is to be exposed, and all these things are to be
published to the world simultaneously, I think it
is manifest that, however beautiful such a scheme
might be in theory, it would be vastly inconvenient
in practice, and would render government imprac-
ticable.
The Senator also says, that since he has been a
Senator upon this floor, he lias never known a
resolution of this sort objected to. But, sir, I
ask him if he ever knew a resolution of this kind
to be? offered? I have been here longer than he,
and although my memory may not be perfect,
and though I may not be a very attentive ob-
server of what takes place, yet I must say that I
never knew a resolution of this kind to be offered
in the Senate. If ever such a one was offtered, it
must have escaped my notice, or have strangely
gilded from my memory since. Sir, the Presi-
dent has been in the habit, for years and years, of
sending squadrons of ships to the East Indies,
to the Mediterranean, to the Pacific, and the Bra-
zilian coast, and to such portions of the world as
he deemed necessary and advisable, so as to make
our Navy answer its great purpose of affording
adequate protection to our commerce; and I ask
if any instance has ever been known before, of a
call being made by either house of Congress upon
the President of the United States, to advise them
in regard to the instructions which he may have
given to the commanding officer of such expe-
dition.'' No, sir; and no argument, therefore, can
be adduced in favor of the proposition before the
Senate, on the ground that other propositions have
not been objected to, unless propositions of a simi-
lar nature have been brought before the Senate.
I remember no such instance. It seems to me
that no injury can arise by allowing this proposi-
tion, which is of an entirely novel character, and
which, as far as I can perceive, can do no good,
and in various contingencies may be productive of
evil, should be allowed to rest a few days, until
we can have an opportunity of sufficiently con-
sidering its consequences.
Mr. CASS. One of the most important naval
expeditions that ever went out from this country,
the papers say, is about to go out for some pur-
pose unknown to Congress. Now, I ask, what
