THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 19, 1852.
New Series No. 114.
office; and on the 21st of January, 1846, the mem-
orialist was restored to his former rank and emol-
uments. During the interval from July, 8,1845,
to 21st January, 1846, he continued in the public
employment, but by an oversight in the act which
restored his office, he is unable to draw pay for
that period without a special act. The amount
was $1,020 14, to which he is justly entitled; and
the committee concur with the War Department
in recommending that justice be done in this case
to a gallant and meritorious officer by the passage
of a special law for his relief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
"W. K. AND APHIA JENNINGS.
The bill for the relief of W. K. and Aphia Jen-
nings was read a second time, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider it, as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of State to pay
to W. K. Jennings and Aphia Jennings, in the
State of Virginia, the sum of $1,120, being the
assessed value of four slaves carried off by the
British forces in the month of June, 1814,—being
the legal representatives of William Bean, de-
ceased, who was the representative of Sarah Ull-
mer, his sister, who died in his lifetime, and who
had lost three slaves, Esther, and two children,
the said Bean having lost a negro man named
Sam,—if there be so much remaining of the sum
of $1,200,409 60, paid by Great Britain to indem-
nify the United States for slaves and other pro-
perty carried off by Great Britain during the war,
and which the United States accepted in full sat-
isfaction of the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
ANDREW SMITH.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider House bill entitled "An act
for the relief of Andrew Smith," which was re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads without amendment.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Andrew Smith, of Campbellton, in
Georgia, $100, in satisfaction for two Treasury
notes, specially indorsed to his order, and alleged
to have been abstracted from the mail between
Hamburg, Mississippi, and Campbellton, Geor-
gia, each for $50, on his producing satisfactory
evidence to the Secretary that they were so in-
dorsed and mailed to him, and abstracted as afore-
said, and paid under a forged order of the said
Smith.
Mr. BAYARD. I perceive that the report
made by the committee in that case is adverse,
and I therefore move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed. I take it for granted that the Senator
from Texas [Mr. Rusk] would not have made an
adverse report, unless it was absolutely neces-
sary.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was in-
definitely postponed.
JOHN A. BRYAN.
The joint resolution for the relief of John A.
Bryan, was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to require the Secretary of
War to receive proof of the number of days that
John A. Bryan was engaged in the discharge of the
duties of a commissioner, to make and carry into
effect the treaty with the Wyandot Indians, he be-
ing appointed commissioner for the purpose afore-
said, by the Secretary of War, on the 19 th of April,
1836, and pay said Bryan at the rate of eight dol-
lars per day, for the time so engaged, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, deducting therefrom any amount which he
may have heretofore received for said service.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and, being read a third time,
was passed.
114
ELISHA W. B. MOODY.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill to reimburse to Elisha
W. B. Moody moneys paid by him as owner of
the British bark Sarah in the rescue of the passen-
gers and crew of the American ship Caleb Grim-
shaw. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and pay to Elisha W. B. Moody,
on having satisfactory proof that he was the owner
of the British bark Sarah, such sums of money
as he paid for disbursements in or about the rescue
of the passengers and crew of the American ship
Caleb Grimshaw, which took fire at sea in 1848,
and in carrying them to New York, together with
damages which he actually sustained as owner by
reason of his performing that humane act, to be
shown to the satisfaction of the said Secretary,
and not to exceed $5,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of the
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to said railroad company, assignees of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, $120,000 in full of
money advanced by the said Commonwealth to
the Government of the United States in erecting
public buildings in the District of Columbia, in
pursuance of an act of the General Assembly of
the said Commonwealth, approved 27th Decem-
ber, 1790.
The following amendment was formerly sub-
mitted by Mr. BRODHEAD. To add two ad-
ditional sections to the bill:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said Secre-
tary be further directed to pay to the State ofMaryland,out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
$72,000, in lull for money advanced by the said State to the
United States for the same purpose mentioned in the fore-
going section, m pursuance of an act of said State, entitled
" An act concerning the District of Columbia and the city
of Washington," approved December 19,1791, and the res-
olutions of their Assembly of the previous session.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasurynot otherwise appropriated, to the treasurer of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, for the use of the said
Commonwealth, the sum of $100,000, in full compensation
for fitting up, for the use and occupation by Congress and
the public officers, of the public buildings in the city of
Philadelphia,, then belonging to the said Commonwealth.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this will be passed
over. I shall have something to say upon it when
it comes up.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
MARIA TAYLOR.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of Maria Taylor, reported from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims. It proposes to enact
that Mrs. Maria Taylor, wife of William R. Tay-
lor, of the parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana,
claiming in her own light a certain tract of land
in that parish, near its upper limits, on the left
bank of the river Mississippi, containing eleven
and a half arpents by forty in depth, bounded
above by the land of the late Jean Louis Parent,
and below by that of the late Pierre Prospere,
together with the land immediately adjacent to and
back of the said tract, containing twelve arpents
front by forty additional in depth, with such di-
verging of the lateral lines as to embrace an area
of five hundred acres, be confirmed in the title
thereto: Provided, That this act shall only be con-
strued as a relinquishment of the Government of
all claim to the said tract of land: Jlnd provided,
also, That it shall not operate against the claim of
any other person to the said tract of land.
The report of the Committee on Private Land
Claims was read, from which it appears that the
petitioner states that she is the lawful owner and
proprietor of a certain plantation situated in the
parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana, near its
upper limits, on the left bank of the Mississippi
river, composed of two tracts mentioned in the
bill; that she derived the title to one tract, as de-
scribed, through sundry main conveyances from
the original 'proprietors, whose possession com-
menced long anterior to the treaty of cession of
Louisiana, and which have been continued unin-
terrupted by any subsequent owners to the present
time; that the possession and occupancy of the
rear tract has also been continued nearly the same
length of time; but a confirmation of the title
thereto could not be obtained in consequence of its
being included within the limits of the survey of
the Houma grant, made by one of the claimants
under that grant, and that in order to remove this
objection Carlos de Armas, under whom she claims,
on the 26th of December, 1816, purchased from
General Wade Hampton, who had acquired that
grant by purchase, all his right and title to said
tract. The committee are satisfied that all the
material facts stated by the petitioner are estab-
lished by documents on file, accompanying the
petition; and, considering the long uninterrupted
possession and cultivation of the land, are of opin-
ion that the petitioner is entitled to relief, and ac-
cordingly report a bill.
Mr. FELCH. I ask that this may be laid over
until next week.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
JAMES HIGGINBOTHAM.
The bill for the relief of James Higginbotham
was read a second time, and consideied as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that Jumes
Higginbotham be authorized to relinquish to the
United States, in such form as the Commissioner
of the General Land Office shall prescribe, the
south half of section No. 29, township No. 81,
north of range 23 west, in the district of land of-
fered for sale at Iowa City, in the State of Iowa;
and, upon the relinquishment being made, he shall
be authorized to enter, in lieu thereof, the south
half of section 27, in the same township, or, if the
same be sold, any other half section of land sub-
ject to private entry at the land office at Iowa
City.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the proper accounting officers of tne Treasury to
allow to Thomas Marston Taylor, a purser in the
United States Navy, m the settlement of his ac-
counts, such deficiency as shall be shown to ex-
ist by reason of his making deposits of Treasury
notes in the Pho&nix bank, Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, subsequently to the month of April,
1842; and shall also allow to him such reasonable
and proper expenses as he has actually incurred
and paid in prosecuting any suit brought to en-
force the supposed priority of the claim of the
United States over other creditors, upon the just
assets of the bank in the hands of the trustees;
evidence thereof being furnished by the said Tay-
lor to the accounting officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossrd for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
JOHN J. SYKES.
The bill for the relief of John J. Sykes was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Posimaster
General to cause to be paid to John J. S} kes, or
his legal representatives, such sum of money as
may appear to be due to him for services jendered
and disbursement4! made by him, as assistant mail
agent in California, from October 19th, 2850, to
December 25th of the same year, on the produc-
tion of satisfactory vouchers, showing that such
services were actually rendered and disbursements
made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
