916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April I,
I  peak. If the Constitution of the United States
means anything at all, it means that the power of
issuing orders to the officers of the Army and the
Navy is a matter which is exclusively intrusted to
the discretion of the President of the United States;
and when you make a call upon him for those or-
ders, he may, with perfect propriety, and with
perfect decorum, say to the Senate: " Gentlemen,
you are traveling out of your record." If I am
not exceedingly mistaken, when a resolution was
introduced by an honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Bradbury,] calling upon President Taylor
to give the reasons for the removals which he had
made from certain offices, which were exclusive-
ly within his control, some of the soundest law-
yers in the Senate—I do not now refer to the
Senator from Michigan, for I believe he did
not coincide in the opinion—expressed their con-
viction that if the Senate should pass the resolu-
tion and send it to the President of the Uni-
ted States, he could tell them that they were at
perfect liberty to pass the resolution, but that he
was at liberty to answer it or not as he saw fit.
It was said that he would not probably answer
it—that he would not give his reasons—that the
Senate had no right to ask him—that it wasajuris-
diction exclusively conferred on him by the Con-
stitution, for the exercise of which he was respon-
sible to the people. That was the ground taken
by the whole body of the friends of the late Pres-
ident Taylor, upon the discussion which took place
here upon that resolution. This resolution not
only inquires the object of sending an expedition
to Japan, but also calls for copies of the instruc-
tions which have been given to its commander.
The Senator from Michigan, if I understand him,
contends that this is a fair and legitimate matter of
legislative inquiry, and that we have a right to
%ave these instructions submitted to us. I do not
want to argue the question at all. At present it is
rather an abstraction than anything practical, and
I do not want to deal in abstractions. I simply
wish to say that such are not my convictions, and
with all the respect I have for the honorable Sen-
ator—and nobody has a more kind i egard for him
—I must repel the idea, so far as my own action
is concerned, of being governed by any such the-
ory of the Constitution as that which he has laid
down.
Mr. CASS. One word more, and I shall have
done with the subject. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire says, that on a call being
proposed to the President to state his reasons for
certain removals, they were not required. Now,
let me ask the honorable Senator from N e w Hamp-
shire what parity of condition there is between
such a question and the one now before the Sen-
ate? The President makes a removal and ap-
pointment. That is his constitutional prerogative,
and all we have to do is to confirm or reject that
appointment. But how different is the case here.
We expend some fifteen or twenty millions a year
for the support of the land and naval forces of the
United States. We want to know what is done
with the money. The President directs the move-
ment of these forces, of course, but he cannot get
along without money. Who is to supply the
money ? It will not do for him to shelter himself
from his proper responsibility, and say, I will do
as I please with these troops. We want a reason
for levying this tax 011 the American people. We
may disband the Army and Navy to-morrow, if
we think the President does not send them where
the interests of the American people require them;
hence, as £ have said before, we have a right to
know what is to be done with them. There are
two questions here; one strictly military, and the
other, if I may use the term, politico-military,
embracing other considerations besides mere mili-
tary ones. It is not only a question of how much
force, but why that force should be sent to a par-
ticular port, and why it should be kept there ? I
repeat, we have to act. Congress has, in the first
place, to make the appropriations; in the next
place to continue them; and, in the third place, it
has the power to disband the Army and Navy
altogether, if the troops are not properly applied
by the Executive. We shall never fulfill our duty
as the great supervisors of the Administration,
unless we look to this. I am not positive, but I
have a strong conviction that this question was
fully argued over thirty years ago, during Mr.
Monroes administration, on some question in
relation to the removal of troops to Council Bluffs;
and! believe it was conceded on all hands that
Congress had a right to enter into the question. I
think it was discussed for some time, but from
my present indistinct recollection of the circum-
stance, 1 cannot say whether the power was con-
tested. At any rate, it was determined then that
Congress had the power.
Mr. DAWSON. The whole of this controversy
seems to have arisen from a newspaper publica-
tion; and an alarm is attempted to be created
throughout the country that an expedition is being,
or has been, fitted out for some vastly-important
purpose. Why, have we not invariably kept our
squadrons afloat on these seas ? Have not squad-
rons started from our ports and found their way
into foreign seas for the protection of our com-
merce? When has there been a time since they
have been afloat that our squadrons have not been
in some of the Eastern oceans ? And why is it
that there is so much fuss made because a snuad-
ron is fitting out for a particular section of the
world, not under estimates called for, but under
appropriations made to keep our vessels afloat?
This is a peculiar period,as has been hinted by
several gentlemen; we are on the eve of a presi-
dential election; the common routine of our Gov-
ernment, and the manner in which our commerce
is to be protected, is to be thrown broadcast upon
the country, and the insinuation is raised, that
the Government is about to involve us 111 for-
eign controversy. When the question is asked,
wherefore all this? the answer is, that somebody
has seen something published in a newspaper.
I Seen what? That a military expedition was about
to be fitted out? No, sir. That a squadron was
to be sent abroad for the purpose of chastising
some savages? No, sir.
Mr. BORLAND. Surely the Senator did not
hear me, or he would not say that ti.ere was no
information beyond a mere rumor in the newspa-
pers, that this expedition was to be fitted out. I
stated distinctly that I based my resolution upon
a declaration made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Na.al Affairs, in his position as chair-
man of tlmt committee, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, two days ago.
Mr. DAWSON. I understood the Senator per-
fectly.
Mr. BORLAND. That statement thus officially
made, I conceived was information to be relied upon
as a proper basis of action.
Mr. DAWSON. But how do you know that
the expedition is being fitted out for war purposes?
That is the question. Have not squadrons been
fitted out before this? Therefore, I ask, why is
[t presumed that this expedition is fitted out for a
'warlike purpose ?
The design of this resolution can be but one of
two things—either to ascertain the precise object
intended 011 the part of the Government, or to ar-
rest, by the power of the Congress of the United
States, this expedition. Suppose, now, that the
expedition shall be fitted out for a military pur-
pose; is there any gentleman on this floor who
believes that the President would communicate the
object of a military expedition to such a distant
place? Would it not be inconsistent with the
policy and the interests of the Government to do
! so ? Certainly, it would. Suppose it is fitted out
for the advancement of our commerce and the
extension of our mercantile interests, would it be
politic, would it be wise, to lay before the world
the very instructions which are intended to con-
summate the object of the Government, and let
foreign nations see our object, and thereby inter-
cept the very purpose we have in view ? Looking
! upon it as a question of expediency, as a question
of policy, I can clearly see the impropriety of this
resolution. Suppose it is designed to check the
progress of this squadron. The Senator who
moved this resolution has already told us that the
squadron sailed yesterday.
Mr. BORLAND. I said that the chairman of
the Naval Committee of the House stated that it
was to sail on Wednesday, (yesterday.) What
time it will sail I do not know. I have heard that
it will not sail so soon; and I will add now what I
ought to have said before, that not only did the
chairman of the Naval Committee make this
statement in the House, but he gave it as a reason
for the passage of a bill pending. He connected
it with pending legislation in the other House.
; stated it positively as a fact (which, of course,
1 he obtained from the Administration) necessary
to be known in order to secure the passage of a
bill there pending.
Mr. DAWSON. That is a very strong reasofi
why the Senator from Arkansas should entertain
no alarm. The chairman of the Naval Committee
in the other branch of Congress is probably nearer
the Naval Department than the chairman of our
committee, because the appropriations originate in
that House. We all know who is at the head of
that committee—a gentleman who is not a friend
to the present Administration. When he asks
j before the country that a bill shall be hastily
j passed, because of this expenditure, is it to be
i presumed that that expedition is fitted out for the
1 purpose of doing any injury to this country in any
point of view ? This is a reason why the Senator
1 from Arkansas should have no alarm, and should
not ask for a publication, the result of which he
cannot himself anticipate.
The great objection that I have to this proceed-
ing is, that it is founded in a want of confidence in
the various depaitments of the Government. It is
unkind and ungenerous to indulge a belief that
any one of the departments of this Government
would act improperly. It is admitted by every-
body that the President is the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy; and if a squadron
is set afloat by his order, the presumption is, that
it is for the good of the country, and for the in-
terests of the nation. We should never call for
the instructions given to an expedition of this
character unless we have some foundation upon
which to raise a presumption that there is an im-
propriety in its being sent out. Until that is the
case we ought not to infer that it is so. My own
opinion is, that Congress has the power at any
time to demand of the Executive the objects he
has in view in a particular action, but that demand
should always he exercised with prndence and
with caution. I believe further, that it is always
detrimental to the public interests to announce to
the world what we are about to do. As was
suggested by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] what is fit to be spoken around
the fireside in the family circle, around the family
table in relation to domestic affairs, would not be
suitable in a court or in a Parliamentary Halh
Domestic objects which the Administration has
in view are intended for the good of the country,
and should not be made the subject of general
observation here. We should never raise an im-
putation and send it out to the country unfavora-
ble to any head of a department unless there be
some ground, some reason to sustain it. In this
case there is none. The Government, I believe,
is acting wisely and for the good of the country.
I have no doubt that if any Senator here would
go to the head of the Department and ask for this
information, he would receive it all, and even be
allowed, as a member of the Government, to look
at the instructions. Then after doing that, if any
gentleman thought the objects of the expedition
were inconsistent with the public interests, he
could come here and make this call and put it
upon that ground.
Mr. RUSK. 1 do not know that there is much
in this matter, and I care very little about it; but
if we are to judge from the character of the debate,
it would seem that there was some great, stupen-
dous secret matter going on here for the benefit of
the country. I can see no sort of objection to
calling on the President to inform us why he-
sends an important expedition to a country which
we have not been in the habit of visiting. One
gentleman rises, and says that our seamen, who
have been shipwrecked upon that coast, have been
badly treated, and that we ought, to have somebody
out there to punish the inhabitants of that coun-
try for it. Well, the protection of our seamen is
as much devolved upon Congress as it is upon the
President, and 1 do not know that there is any
necessity for any very great secret operations,
when the question of protecting our citizens in a
foreign country is concerned.
Another gentleman says that the object of the
expedition is the establishment of commercial
relations of high importance with another nation.
Now, just as much responsibility devolves upon
Congress as upon the President, in this respect;
and I should apprehend that Congress could judge
just as well about it as the President. I can see
no mischief in adopting this resolution. I do not
know but that we may be called upon to foot a
very large bill for the expenses of this expedition.
