1852.
The congressional globe.
947
I know that we have been called upon to pay large
bills for some expeditions of this description; for
we have had some of them. We recently had an
expedition to survey the boundary line between
this country and the Republic of Mexico; and the
last I have seen of their movements was, that they
were sending an immense amount of bugs and liz-
zards, and animals of that sort, to be transported
here at theexpense of the Government, for which we
have already been asked to pay $80,000. Here is
an expedition, the precise object of which nobody
knows, except the President; and why should not
we, a coordinate branch of the Government, have
this information ? I think it is perfectly proper to
call for the information. It is respectful to the
President. I do not think it contemplates any-
thing injurious to the country, and 1 think the
President will have no difficulty in answering the
resolution.
Mr. BORLAND. The discussion on this reso-
lution has, I repeat, been very unexpected to me;
for, really, I could not have anticipated any se-
rious objection to its immediate adoption. If I
were disposed to suspect the Administration of
anything wrong, to attribute bad motives, to cast
censure, or draw unkind, ill-natured, or disre-
spectful inferences, from the course pursued by
its friends upon this floor, (all of which 1 disavow
and have disavowed from the beginning,) I might
remind the Senate, in the language of Scripture,
that "the guilty flee when no man pursueth."
Now, I have charged no impropriety upon the
Administration. I have said repeatedly that I
introduced the resolution in good faith, and upon
the giound that we should know what is the ob-
ject of an expedition involving the public interests,
I do not say whether injuriously or advanta-
geously; for 1 do not know. I think what I have
said will bear that construction, throughout the
discussion, and that the resolution itself will sus-
tain it. Why, then, should the friends of this
Administration make such opposition to it? If
the objects of the expedition be good, why should
it be Icept concealed from the country? If it be
bad, surely it will not be said that we should not
know it, m order to arrest it before it has time to
do mischief.
1 have no disposition to be inquisitive—certainly
not inquisitorial—in the affairs of this Adminis-
tration; but 1 do insist that I have a right here—
not beyond the walls of this Capitol—not in my
individual capacity, but as the representative of
one of the States of this Union, whose interests
are involved—to ask for this information, and to
receive it. If I were to go to the Department, as
suggested by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son\] and make inquiry—as it seems was made m
regard to sending of troops into a Southern State,
to which the Senator from New Hampshire allud-
ed—it might very well be said to me by the head
of the Department, "As an individual, you have
nothing to do with it."' I do not choose to put
myself in that position—one that I would have no
right to occupy; but I am exercising here my
legitimate functions m my legitimate place. I but
exercise my right, and,as I conceive, perform my
duty. I am sorry that the friends of the Admin-
istration are unwilling for it to be interrogated. I
feel that I need this information. I believe other
Senators here also need and desire it. It is a
question that can be easily settled. If the friends
of the Administration are unwilling that we should
know what the Administration is doing,and desire
to keep its acts in the dark, and concealed from
the people and the people's representatives—I care
not for what reason—they will, of course, vote
against the resolution. If a majority of the Sen-
ate as;ree with them, of course the resolution will
be rejected, and we shall not get the information.
That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. BADGER. A' to the purpose and ob-
jects of this expedition, as it is called, 1 know
nothing.
Mr. BORLAND. Nor do I.
Mr. BADGER. In relation to the subject-
matter of it, I never exchanged a word with any
member of the Administration, and 1 knew noth-
ing about the resolution offered by the Senator
from Arkansas, until after the adjournment of the
Senate yesterday, when some one mentioned to
me that such a resolution was laid upon the table.
I have opposed the resolution, because I tlunk the
proceeding unbecoming; because it is without pre-
cedent; because it can do no good, and may do
harm. The honorable Senator seems to suppose, 1
that because some of us have opposed this resolu- 1
tion, itmay raise an implication of ill-design some- j
where, of which he had no knowledge, and which, .
before, he did not intend to attribute. He quotes i
the expression that 44 the guilty flee when no man
pursueth." Now, none of us have fled yet; and
[ must be permitted to say that we have been very !
hotly pursued, and that the honorable Senator
from Arkansas, who has been pursuing us, is very 1
much of a "man," to say nothing about the
friends who have supported him on the present oc-
casion. So that, in every point of view, I do not !
see that the proverb exactly applies to the case in
hand.
Mr. MANGUM. I had very little expecta- 1
tion, when 1 presented an objection to this resolu-
tion, that it would open a running debate to the
extent which we have witnessed. The honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has
remarked that our naval officers need employment;
and so, to keep ourselves employed, we are carp-
ing at any—even the smallest—subject which ;
comes up; and if our time is consumed, it is very ;
well done; but as to the public interest being pro-
moted thereby, thatis entirely another matter. I,
too, know nothing about the objects of the Ad- ■
ministration in fitting out this expedition, except,
as I think, it is apparent to everybody who has
reflected upon the subject, that it is commercial,
purely, and is designed, in certain contingencies,
perhaps, to be something more. I should judge ;
so; I think it ought to be so. I know nothing !
about it, however. I have had no communication
whatever with any member of the Administration
upon the subject.
I mean not to detain the Senate any longer; but
I wish to move, that for the present, the resolution
lie on the table. I have no disposition to oppose
its being taken up at a future period, if gentlemen
shall desire it. I want a little more time to con-
sider it. I have indicated no decided hostility to
it; but it is an unusual and unprecedented thing,
as far as I know. I think doctrines have been ■
advanced here wholly incompatible with the gen- ;
ume and true spirit of our system. Instructions,
it may be, of a military character have been
issued; and it is said that the Senate has a right, i
in its official capacity, to have them unfolded to it
by the Executive. Sir, suppose it had been
known that we were to strike a blow at Cerro
Gordo, at Vera Cruz, or elsewhere, during the
Mexican war, and the rebellious and factious
Whigs of this body hod called upon Mr. Polk to
inform us what were the objects of the expedition,
where he meant to strike next, and what were the
orders from the War Department to the General:
is it imaginable that there is a single intelligent
Democrat in the body who would not have scoffed
at and scorned it? 1 think not; mid any mail who
would have made such a requisition upon the
Administration would have shown that he was
acting, not only against all precedent, but against
all the principles, m my humble apprehension, of
good common sense. 1 move that, tor the present,
the resolution lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the gentleman permit
me to say one word ?
Mr. MANGUM. If you will renew the motion.
Mr! SHIELDS. 1 will renew it. My only
objection to the resolution is because it culls for the ,
instructions. I think the honorable Senator from ;
Michigan laid down the principle very correctly, :
that the general force and general object of the ,
expedition is a legitimate inquiry; but the instruc- .
tions ought to be confidential and secret in a case
of this kmd. I shall, therefore, vote against lay- j
ing the resolution on the table, for the purpose of
amending it, as suggested by the Senator from
Delaware, by striking out the instructions, ami ;
cailino- only for the general force and general
objects of the expedition. I now, aecmuing to i
my promise, renew the motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table. jr.
Mr BORLAND. So far as I am concerned, i ,
will agree to striking out that portion of tlxe reso-
lution. . . , ■ ]
The PRESIDENT. The question is on laving
the resolution on the table.
Mr. BORLAND asked for the yeas and nays,
and thev were ordered. . .
Mr. CASS. Do 1 understand that the provision ,
respecting the instructions has been stricken out: (
The PRESIDENT. It has not. I
Mr. CASS. I understood that the honorable
Senator from Arkansas agreed to an amendment
to that effect.
The PRESIDENT. He could not do so.
The question on laying the resolution on the ta-
ble, being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Brooke, Clarke, Cooper, Daw-
son, Fish, Toot, Gwin, Hale. Mailgum, Miifer, Morton,
Seward, Smith, Underwood, Qpliam, and Weiler—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, liayaid, Borland, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Dodge ot' Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fetch, Hamlin, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee. King. Mallmy, Nonis, Ktisk, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Sprunnee, Sumner, and Walker—24.
So the motion was not agieed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to apologize, under the
rebuke administered by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Maxgum,] forentering
into this debate. I am soriy that I followed his
example; but if the Senate and the Senator will
excuse me, I will not follow it again. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment to strike out that portion of the
resolution relating to the instructions, was agreed
to; there being, on adivision—yeas 22, nays II.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now propose an amendment,
to insert the words " force and general," so that
it will read " communicate to the Senate the force
and general objects of the expedition."
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest to leave out
the word "general."
; Mr. SHIELDS. Very well. I merely want to
; get at the size and character of the expedition. I
: am willing to leave out '•general."
The amendment was agreed to.
\ Mr. HALE. I saw recently an order passed
\ by a legislative body, in one of the States of the
Union, asking one of their offieeis why he had
' done a certain thing. The answer he made was,
j that he had never done anything of the sort. It
j seems to me that we are putting ourselves in that
| position. We ask the President why he has
ordered a naval expedition to the coast of Japan?
Does anybody know that he has done it? Has
any order, any communication, to that effect been
I published r Are not the Senate undertaking to go
; entirely in the dark r and would it not be as well
' to find out first whether any such expedition has
1 been ordered, before we ask the President why he
' has ordered it' If we do not, we may be sub-
jected to the mortifying response from the Presi-
dent, " I have not done any such thing." I should
not like to put myself in such a position.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
; the passage of the resolution as amended.
: air. BORLAND. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I regret very
much that the condition of my throat, to-day, has
precluded the possibility of my expressing ray
opinions on this question. It was the more im-
portant from the fact that I have found it neces-
sary to differ from those with whom I am politi-
cally associated, and that I have found myself
thrown among those with whom I have not ordi-
narily been politically associated.
If any Senator will rise in his place, and say
that he has any good reason for believing that this
expedition has been fitted out under the orders of
the President of the United States, for an improper
purpose, or that that expedition is calculated to
operate against the public interests, I will vote for
this resolution. For my own part, 1 cannot see
what good can result from this information, even
if it be transmitted to us by the President. It is
true, that by the terms of the resolution, you have
left it discretionary with the President. He is to
communicate the information, " if compatible with
the public interests;" hut the very moment the
President of the United States announces to the
Senate that he cannot give that information, com-
patibly with the public interest, that moment you
have advertised to the whole world that you have
a secret expedition, and that you dare not disclose
the motives and intentions by which you are act-
uated in sending it out. In that way, you operate
seriously against the publicinterests. I have long
thought that there was too much publicity given to
our public negotiations. At this ageof the world,
when theie is a rivalry between the nations of the
earth for the commerce of the world, it is oftentimes
