948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
important that your adversaries, or those who ai e
contending with you for the supremacy, should
not be enabled to comprehend your movements
until they shall have been made. I am satisfied
that serious inconveniences have resulted from
giving too much publicity to negotiations; and if
I were an older member of the Senate, I would
propose that your rules should be so amended that
propositions calling upon Departments of the Gov-
ernment for information in regard to negotiations,
should be considered in secret session, when we
could speak our sentiments freely, and-as one
•family, and when we could disclose the objects of
these missions so far as they were understood.
Now, f know nothing of this, as I have before re-
marked, excepting that I suppose one of the ob-
jects of the expedition is to obtain, if possible,
access to Japan; to open commercial negotiations
-with that country, and to transport the unfortunate
Chinese who have been confined now for neaily a
year in a revenue cutter in the bay of San Fran-
cisco, one of whom, I doubt not, has long since
paid the debt of nature, having considered him-
self, for twelve months, as being in the custody of
an officer under the law; in other words, that he
was imprisoned. If it is well understood by Sen-
ators here, that this is the general object of the
expedition, I ask what advantage can result from
obtaining the particular instructions which may
have been given to the officer'm charge of it? Do
you propose to found any legislation on that in-
formation ? Does any Senator suppose there is
anything wrong in the instructions? Let him say
so, and I will vote for the resolution. But you
are compelled, from the very necessity of the case,
to place some confidence and reliance upon those
who have been selected by the people of the Uni-
ted States to occupy the Executive chair. You
are compelled to rely upon the judgment and upon
the integrity of an Executhe officer while lie is
acting in strict conformity with the law. Sir, 1
have, perhaps, no more confidence m this Admin-
istration than the gentlemen with whom 1 have
been politically associated; but they have been
placed there by the people; and so long as 1 am
satisfied that they are pursuing the course which
their duties require them to pursue, I shall not
complain. If any Senator will say that he has
any reason whatever—whether founded upon pub-
lic rumor, or upon newspaper allegations, or upon
the declarations of some chairman of a military
or naval committee elsewhere—to believe in his
conscience that there is anything wrong going on,
or that this expedition is fitted out for any other
than a purpose which is right,proper, and lawful,
I will vote fur the inquiry, and not till then. i
Mr. BORLAND. In response to the remarks
of the Senator from California, I can only say,
that I have not charged, nor have I supposed that
the President was engaged in any expedition,
intended or calculated to inflict injury upon the
interests of this country; but have we not, as much
right, and is it not as necessary and proper for us,
to have information with regard to proper and
legitimate expeditions and operations of the Gov-
ernment as improper ones>
Mr. WELLER. We cannot get it without the
whole world having it; and I do not choose that
other nations shall have it.
Mr. BORLAND. But the Senator is also mis-
taken as to the instructions. That part of the reso-
lution has been stricken out. We do not now ask
for the instructions, but merely for the force en-
gaged, and the objects of the expedition; and then
we leave it to the President to say how much of
the information, even in respect to this, shall be
communicated. There is no charge or intimation
of impropriety; but I would ask for the inform-
ation as soon, and I desire it as much, if the expe-
dition were for a purpose that I knew to be proper
and beneficial to the country, as I would if I knew
it to be an injurious one.
Mr. GWIN. This question may have an im-
Eortant bearing upon the State which I have the
onor to represent in part; and I think it would be
better to let it go over, so that we may proceed to
the consideration of Executive business. We have
important Executive business to transact, and I
hope the Senate will agree to go into Executive
session. I therefore move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of tins resolution until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to by a vote—on a divis-
ion—of 23 yeas to 16 nays.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Spril 1, 1852.
The Houae met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev.C. M. Butler.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
' The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, House bill No.
229, granting land to the State of Alabama, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Memphis,
in Tennessee, to intersect the Charleston, Chatta-
nooga, and Nash ville railroads m Alabama, which
was reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Arkansas
made the motion to refer; I do 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular j
order of business. i
Mr. SIBLEY asked the gentleman from North
Carolina to withdraw the motion, to enable him
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instiucted to inquire into tlie expediency of providing for
the establishment of a military post at some eligible point
on the wateis of the Upper Minnesota nvcr; and that said
committee report by bill, or otheiwise.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
demanded.
Mr. COBB. I think it was afterwards with-
drawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
the motion that the rules of the House be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KING, of New York. Let us refer the
land bill first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Aiter
bama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. The suggestion I was about to
throw out was this: I wish to be fair in reference
to this matter; and had I the control of the ques-
tion, I would, according to the dictates of my own
judgment, while there was a member of the House
dissatisfied in relation to the matteis connected
with this bill, and desirous of discussing it upon
its merits, protest against the calling of the pre-
vious question. The general principle involved
has already been fully discussed, and I presume
that further debate with regard to the principle is
not now desired. If there is a solitaiy member of
the House anxious to discuss the merits of the
bill, I will not call the previous question. Is there
one? [No response.]
Well, there is none. Yesterday it was sug-
gested by some of my friends, that, before the
bill was passed, it should be printed. Through
the kindness of Mr. Rives, the publisher of our de-
bates, the bill has been printed, and may be found
in the Supplement to this morning's Globe, which
is upon every member's desk. 1 had it printed to
obviate the objection to which 1 have alluded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Alabama seems anxious that this bill should
be discussed and understood. In order to effect
that object, I suggest to the gentleman that he
should submit the motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
before he calls for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now pend-
ing.
Mr. COBB. If there are gentlemen desirous of
discussing the merits of this bill, I should like to
hear from them.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman asks a ques-
tion, and I suppose he wants an answer. I have
heard more than half a dozen gentlemen express a
desire to discuss the merits of this bill, and the
principle involved.
Mr. COBB. Then I will not call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the
gentleman from North Carolina as intimating that
gentlemen wanted to discuss the bill during the
morning hour.
Mr. STANLY. No at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the previous question
only secures against discussion during the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. STANLY. I want it referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. KING. I hope we will take the question
upon the reference. N o one wants to discuss this
bill, and there is no need of calling for the previous
question. I call for the question.
The question was then put, and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. COBB. The bill has been referred.
The SPEAKER. Almost unanimously.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports from the Committee
on Public Lands are still in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As there is notli-
111°- before the House, I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resohe itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB. I am before the House. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to speak to a point of fact. My colleague
[Mr. Cobb] is now upon the floor, for the purpose
of reporting from the Committee on Public Lands,
as the Chairman announced reports from that
committee were in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so announced,
but no member rose and addressed the Chair.
Under the circumstances, the Chair thinks the
gentleman from Alabama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My understanding
is this: The Chair put the question upon the ref-
erence of the bill. It was referred. The gentle-
man from Alabamamadeaninquiry,and the Chair
responded that the question had been put and the
House had referred the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, almost unan-
imously-
The'SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Alabama
then appeared to be examining in his drawer for
papers, or something else, when I addressed the
Chair, he not having done so.
The SPEAKER. There is no question as to
the reference of the bill from the Committee on
Public Lands to .the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The gentleman from Ala-
bama said that he was upon the floor, and, while
in the act ofgetting papers to present a leport from
the Committee on Public Lands, the gentleman
from Tennessee addressed the Chair.
Mr. JONES. I first addressed the Chair, and
was recognized after the reference of the railroad
bill.
Mr. KING. Unless there is an appeal taken,
I call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DANIEL. A single remark with regard
to a fact. I think after the reference, the Chair
remarked that reports were still in order from the
Committee on Public Lands. The gentleman from
Alabama immediately opened his diawerand was
getting out the balance of his reports, when the
gentleman from Tennessee rose, and was recog-
nized by the Chair,-and submitted his motion. I
think the gentleman from Alabama is clearly en-
titled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chairthinks, under the
circumstances, that the gentleman from Alabama
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to say that there
are several members from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands desirous of submitting reports when the
gentleman from Alabama shall have finished those
under his charge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say that a
strict and rigid construction of the rule would be
to allow the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] the floor. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Alabama did not address
the Chair m that connection to entitle him under
the rules, strictly speaking, to the floor; but, under
the circumstances, the Chair decides that the gen-
tleman from Alabama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was refeired the petition of Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, reported "A bill granting the
' right of way to the State of Alabama and a por-
1 turn of the public, lands to aid in the construction
'of a railroad from Winchester, Tennessee, to
