36
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
jeets embraced in the lesoltttions, deems it a duty alike in-
cumbers on na and equally important to the rights of the
people to declare that, in our deliberate judgment arid in
their deliberate judgment, as we believe, the call of this
Convention hv the Legislature a£ its late extraoidinaiy ses-
sion by the act of the 30th of November, 1851), was unauthor-
ized and unnecessary, and that said actrn peremptorily order-
ing a Convention of the people of the State to be held, without
submitting to them to be settled by the popular vote of the
State, tho question whether there should be a Convention
or no Convention, was an unwarranted assumption of power
by the Legislature, at war with the spirit of republican in-
stitutions!, and an encroachment on the sovereign power of
the people."
These resolutions, Mr. President, as all present
know, were adopted by an overwhelming majority
of the body in which they originated—there being
in fact only three voices raised in the Conven-
tion in opposition to them. Now, sir, you
discover that the sovereign people of Mississippi
have formally and deliberately declared, that whilst
they "do not entirely approve" the acts referred
to m the first of the resolutions just read, yet tliey
will abide by the whole series of these acts as a
permanent adjustment of the sectional controver-
sy'*' which has been so long pending-. You will
observe, sir. also, that our Convention has declared
further in the sixth resolution, that the people
of Mississippi, " in the recent elections, have been
•governed by an abiding confidence that the said
' adjustment measures of Congress would be en-
* forced in good faith in every section of the land. *'
Such, sir, is the attitude of the people of Missis-
sippi, and they have thought proper thus to make
a public avowal of their opinions and expecta-
tions. They have adjudged the measures of com-
promise worthy of their approval, and they have
determined to stand by them firmly and faithfully.
They have notattempted to mystify their position,
or to conceal their views and wishes in any respect
whatsoever. They have a right to expect equal
frankness and fidelity to be exercised by their fel-
low-citizens in other portions of the Confederacy.
Through me they request at this moment, from
the Senatorial representatives of the co-states of
the Union here assembled, a declaration of the
willingness of those under whose authority they
act, firmly and faithfully to stand by and maintain
the plan of adjustment in all its parts. W>11 hon-
orable Senators speak out boldly and explicitly on
this importnut subject5 or will they, by remaining
silent, permit themselves and their constituents to
be misunderstood among those whose earnest wish
il is to reciprocate friendly sentiments with them,
and to be allowed to approve them, and to confide
fully in them as just men and as patriots?
Let no member of the Senate, Mr. President,
from the youth say that our northern brethren
need no additional assurance fiom us of our deter-
mination to acquiesce in and support the compro-
mise. Event* have occurred, as all truthful men
will confess, calculated to awaken more or les* of
doubt as to the position likely to be assumed ulti-
mately by the Southern States of the Union. Let
no Senator from the North, either, declare that the
people of the South have no right to demand from
their icllow-citizensof that section of the Confeder-
acy such an assurance as that imbodied in the
re-joIprion under consideration. Every intelligent
m.Mi >n A meric,a knows the fact, that the number of
nchve p-'bticinns in the Northern States is by no
that the circumstance of their being absent when
the yeas and nays were taken on the final passage
of the bill has been seized upon by certain per*
sons in the South, hostile to the public repose, and
wielded with great effect against the supporters of
the plan of compromise, and to the serious endan-
germent of the Union itself. Besides, honorable
Senators need not to be reminded that declarations
are constantly made by the enemies of the Union,
in different States of the South, that great danger
exifcts of attempts being successfully made,at some
future period, by our fellow-citizens of the North,
to apply the Wilmot proviso to our vacant Terri-
tories, and to overthrow, by Congressional legis-
lation, the system of slavery in the District of
Columbia. I have no such apprehension myself,
and i know very well that the time has forever
passed when either of the measures referred to
could receive the sanction either of this body or of
the House of Representatives. But until a formal
declaration shall be made, in some such mode as
that now proposed, of a determination to refrain
from these acts of aggression, formerly so seriously
menaced, it is unreasonable to expect all uneasiness
on these points entirely to cease.
I have now, Mr. President, stated a few cf the
most prominent reasons which induced me to offer
this resolution, and I will conclude what I have to
say for the present, by declaring the high gratifi-
cation which I shall feel at its obtaining the general
support of the members of this body. I shall say
nothing more, unless the resolution should be
attacked in such a manner as to make some special
dcfence of it necessary.
Mr. BUTLER. -Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to say much upon this subject at this time;
but I will say that when 1 heard of this resolution,
1 heard of it with surprise. It is a mode-of pro-
ceeding scarcely known, I believe, in any delib-
erative body that I ever heard of. To introduce
| at a subsequent session of the Legislature resolu-
| tions confirming what I suppose must be regarded
j as statutes upon the statute-book, is an ex post
I facto mode of ieuewm^ the past. And for what
| purpose? If the legislation referred to by the
! honorable Senator from Mississippi be wicked,
I can he restore purity to it by a resolution of this
I kind ? If that legislation be wise, is it not superer-
i oratory and unnecessary to introduce stichareso-
! lution ? For what purpose, then, is the resolution
introduced ? I have no right to arraign the gentle-
man's motives, nor do 1. What may have been
his object, I have no right to dispute, for he has
avowed it; but as to what will be the effect of this
resolution, t have a right to speak. If the gentle-
man had been selecting motions to introduce, he
could not have been more successful in introducing
one to open former discussions, and to let loose
upon this land the waters of agitation. I protest
against this mode of proceeding as unusual, as
unnecessary, and as—I will not say intended,
because I shall not use any word of the kind—
but the tendency of which will be to widen breaches
which already exist, and to reach feelings that
might perhaps have subsided under the influence
of time or a better understanding among ourselves.
I understand the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi to introduce the resolution with a view to
<:on«res>5—men who are sometimes, as rumor j
assort*, permitted to come into party caucuses j
too—who are not only committed to future agita- j
Tton m opposition to this Jaw, but who are known j
to havp solemnly declared their opinion to be that |
> w hoik unconstitutional in all its material pro- •
AT.. T> * 1  i. V , 1 il
VK'CillS,
reeolleciof,
^des, Mr. President, it is a fat t v. ell
oy us all, and one which has been the
source of much complaint and apprehension m the
Xoo.h, that only a small number of the members
of this body representing the free States of the
\orth were actually present at the pass,age of this
law, that their votes could be recorded in its
favor.
1 am perfectly aware that several of the gentle-
men referred to were only accidentally absent,
mid perhaps all of them had some reason for not
being present, other than an unwillingness to be
recognized by their constituents as being friendly
to thi« great and essential measure. Indeed, I be-
lieve most of them had previously declared their
determination, either in converse or otherwise, to
support the bill. But it is, notwithstanding,true,
tion requires. Can he expect to do so? Can he
give them any other authority—any other influ-
ence by a vote nf this Senate than they would
have had without it? Can he reconcile me to
these measures by his vote or the vote of his
friends? Sir, he knows the opinion I entertain of
these measures, and the manner in which they
were introduced and passed in this body. I then
denounced them. I now denounce them; because I
believe that they have made a precedent in the
political history of this country, under the influ-
ence of which this Union, wielded by a despotic
majority, will survive the Constitution. I believe
now, as I believed then, that they were passed in
violation of the spirit of the guarantees calculated
to protect one section of this Union. Does the
gentleman suppose that the South is to have secu-
rity by an assurance such as he proposes? Does '
he expect that I, who have heretofore denounced
these measures, shall now consent to put upon
them the seal of approbation, and to kiss the rod
of oppression, as I have regarded it? Sir, I cannot,
with Druidieal devotion, worship at the foot of a
tree whose fruits are to be bitterness and destruc-
tion to my posterity.
If there is any one thing in the political history
of this country that will be developed by time, it
will be this: that the Constitution of the United
States neve? can be amended. I think it raay be
proclaimed as a settled fact, that the Constitution,
which has been in-operation for more than sixty
years, never will be amended. And why? Be-
cause as soon as we meet with any difficulty from
the administration of the Government—as soon as<
any trying juncture of affairs is presented—what
.is the expedient? Bo we apply that great princi-
ple provided for in the Constitution of the United
States, by which it can be amended? No, sir-
The resort is to compromise, or to enlarging, by
construction, some of the- provisions of the Con-
stitution. Who is it that will dictate compromises'
of this kind, and give to the Constitution its char-
acter under their operation? Will it be the mi-
nority ? Will it be those whose interests .have
suffered and whose interests are m danger? No.,
sir. Whenever constitutions have to be patched
up by compromises, or to bechanged by construc-
tion, depend upon it, such propositions will never
come from a minority. All expedients of that
kind will proceed from a majority—the majority
who have the temptation of interest to consult irr
giving character to the institutions of the country.
I am unwilling to go further into this debate at
this time, except to protest against this mode of
attempting to influence the deliberations of another
assembly in my own State. I was in hopes that
they would be allowed to deliberate the great ques-
tion which they are called upon to consider fairly,,
and under auspices favorable to the protection of
those whose rights have been violated, in my opin-
ion, and whose political existence will be doomed*
if expedients of this kind are to be submitted to*
by those who represent that section of the coun-
try. Will the honorable gentleman tell me that
our institutions are not in danger, when he tells
us that the billows of the free-soil agitation are
already beating \tpon the base of the Constitution?
When he tells me that our instituti-ony are in dan-
ger from agitation of this kind, does .he expect to
give me security by having a vote in favor of
measures which I have heretofore denounced and
made war upon, and shall continue to denounce-
and make war upon, as our fathers made war on
the alien and sedition laws, as long as 1 believed
they had been framed in a spirit unfavorable and
unfriendly to the rights and institutions of those
whom I represent?
If this discussion had not been commenced, I
do not think I should have opened my mouth upon
this subject during this session of Congress, and I
have uttered these few sentences to let the gentle-
man know my position, and to let him know the
opinions entertained by more than myself. It may
be that by singing his peans to the Union he may
hush for a moment the tumult and opposition of
those who would never have made war upon it if
it had not been patched up and patched up by
compromise, and compromise, and compromise?
Prom whom do these compromises come? Never
from the weaker portion.
Sir, I believe that the Southern people are a
doomed people if proceedings of this kind are al-
lowed to go forth. God knows there is no man
upon earth who would go further than myself to
prevent anarchy, and hostility, and blood, and
violence in this age of reason, intelligence, and
wisdom, to effect any reforms. It is alien to the
genius of our institutions and the spirit of the
common law of England, to effect any reform by
violence and civil war. But if the Southern peo-
ple and the Southern Representatives are not more
united, I cannot answer for consequences. If
these measures, which are intended, I suppose, to
be somewhat improved by this indorsement, are
intrinsically good, I cannot perceive any advan-
tage to be derived from this resolution. It does-
look to me very much as if the gentleman was
following the example of Lycurgus, who, after
making laws, imposed on those who were to obey
them the injunction that they were never to be
changed 
Mr. FOOTE, ofMississippi. Until hereturned.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps the Senator is going
away, wishing to leave injunctions like those
which Lycurgus left.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I shall certainly
come back. Lycurgus did not return.
