1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1818
deceased, late a lieutenant in Colonel Hazen's
regiment of the revolutionary army, was announced
as the next bill in order.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice that he should dis-
cuh the bill, and it was accordingly passed over.
MATTHEWS, WOOD, AND HALL.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Charles S. Matthews, Charles Wood,
and James Hall, was announced to be the next
bill in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD intimated a desire to discuss
it, and it was laid over.
JOHN DEVLIN.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of John
Devlin. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be audited and settled, by
tne proper accounting officers, the account of John
Devlin for services rendered as temporary clerk
in the office of the Fifth Auditor, m the years
1837 and 1838, and to pay him such sum as may
be found equitably due for such service, not ex-
ceeding $1,366.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Whitcomb,] who introduced the bill is not
present, I wish to state that it has passed the
Senate already three times, I believe, but failed
in the House. Mr. Devlin was employed asclerk
under Mr. Pleasonton, in the Fifth Auditor's
Bureau, under the promise that when the usual
appropriation for that Bureau should be made, he
would receive a salary at the rate of §1,000 per
year. He was employed for sixteen months, but
by misapprehension, when the appropriation was
made,it was notsufficient to cover his case. The
service was performed at the request of the head
of the Bureau. The committee in their report
refer to former cases, and conclude with the re-
commendation that the petitioner, having rendered
valuable and faithful services for which he has
not received compensation, ought to be paid.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 perceive that the Senator
from Delaware reported the bill this year.
Mr. BAYARD. I did report the bill at this
session; I examined the facts of the case,and think
they are very clear. I did not think it necessary
to make any written report, because there were
previous reports made in favor of the claim.
Mr. HALE. I do not object to this bill, but I
do not know but that it will be obnoxious to some
of the arguments which the Senator from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Borland] made against the deficiency
bill. [Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
JOHN McAVOY.
The bill for the relief of John McAvoy was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of War to cause to be paid to John Mc-
Avoy, Jate a private' in company H, of the 8th
regiment of United States infantry, the sum of
§20, which sum was paid by McAvoy for trans-
portation from Brazos de Santiago, to New Or-
leans, while in the service of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
NATHAN WESTON.
The bill for the relief of Nathan Weston, jr.,
late additional paymaster in the Army of the
United States, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the accounting officers to pay to
Nathan Weston, jr., the full amount of three
months' extra pay, in conformity with the fifth
section of the act of July 19,1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
BOUTON, WRIGHT, AND FISHER.
The bill for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Rich-
ard M. Bouton, George Wright, and Harriet F.
Fisher, widow of Marvin W. Fisher, the sum of
$5,000 each, as a full compensation for the past
use of their machines for making and charging
percussion caps in the arsenals of the United
States; and also for the future free and undis-
turbed use by the Government of those machines,
together with the patent rights thereof.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise to oppose the bill,
but to call attention to the fact that another bill
has been reported, which partly covers this case;
that there are conflicting claims here.
Mr. BORLAND. A single word will, I think,
satisfy the Senator from New Hampshire. The
other bill to which he alludes was laid on the table,
this having been subsequently reported in order to
cover the whole ground, and make an equitable
arrangement of the whole matter. The other bill
was laid on the table to make way for this.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
JAMES W. CAMPBELL.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of James W. Camp-
bell, of Pike county, Missouri. It provides that
James W. Campbell, of Pike county, Missouri,
be authorized to enter, free of charge, any of the
public lands subject to private entry, at $1 25 per
acre, subject to sale at the land office for the dis-
trict of Palmyra, in the State of Missouri, not
exceeding one hundred and twenty acres, upon
making proof to the satisfaction of the register and
receiver of that land office, subject to the approval
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that he is the legal assignee of John J. Jackson;
and thattworeceipts,numbered 19,513 and 19,514,
dated June 26, 1838, purporting to be issued by
A. Byrd, receiver at Palmyra, in favor of Jack-
son, one for $50, and one for $100, surrendering
the said receipts to the United States, and execut-
ing a relinquishment of all his right, title, and in-
terest to the land therein described.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
GIDEON HOTCHKISS.
The bill for the relief of Gideon Hotchkiss was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to enact that the
letters-patent granted to Gideon Hotchkiss, a cit-
izen of the United States, on the 9th of January,
1837, for a new and useful improvement in the
construction of reacting water-wheels and other
appendages, for the term of fourteen years from
November 30, 1836, be renewed, revived, and
extended, from and after the date of the passage
of the act, for and during the term of seven years:
Provided, however, That such renewed and ex-
tended patent shall be open to legal inquiry, as if
issued under the general law: dnd provided, also,
That all persons now enjoying the lawful use of
any water-wheel or improvement prior to the pat-
ent of Gideon Hotchkiss, and purchasers of any
such water-wheel, or improvement lawfully con-
structed, may continue to use the same, notwith-
standing the provisions of this act.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not propose to offer
any amendment to this bill, but I think it ought
to be discussed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If my friend from Arkan-
sas will allow the report to be read, I think hecan
have no objection to the bill. This man would
have the right to have his patent extended at the
Patent Office, but there was a misunderstanding,
which prevented him from doing so.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WILLIAM R. NEV1NS.
The bill for the relief of William R. Nevins was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to enact, that so
much of the eighteenth section of an act entitled
" An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts, and to repeal all acts and parts of acts made
for that purpose," passed on the 4th of July, 1836,
as prevents the extension of a patent after the ex-
piration of the term for which it was originally
issued, be suspended so far as shall be necessary
to authorize the renewal of the patent of William
R. Nevins,ofthe city of New York, for his inven-
tion of what is denominated in his letters-patent,
" A certain machine for rolling and cutting crack-
ers and biscuit," dated March 2d, 1866, and re-
issued May 9th, 1848, subject, however, to all
other restrictions and conditions in that act con-
tained.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 16, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The husiness first in order
is House bill No. 271, "granting the right of way
and a portion of the public lands to the States of
Florida and Alabama for the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said States."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that the bill
which came from the Senate, entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes,'" be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It is a very, long bill, containing
forty-seven sections. I ask its reference now,
that that committee may have time to examine it.
[Ciies of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
The bill was then read a first and second time
by Us title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution, which, in my opinion, is of the nature of
a privileged question:
Resolved, That on Monday next, and thereafter daring
the present session of Congress, tins House will meet at
ten o'clock in the iriOining, and that there shall be a recess
ftom three to five p. m., each day.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
admitted.
FURNITURE FOR THE HALL.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution. I think it is one that should be offered
as a privileged question, but whether it be so or
not, I am confident it will meet with the approba-
tion of the Housei
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House is hereby author-
ized to purchase new sofas, or settees, and chairs for the
n*:I of the House, and such other necessary furniture as,
in his judgment, may be wanted for the convenience of
members, with as little delay as possible.
Mr. DUNCAN. Wherearethey to be placed?
Mr. SWEETSER. Instead of the old ones.
I hope the old sofas may be removed, for they are
a disgrace to the House. *
Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. SWEETSER. I insist that as this reso-
lution provides for the convenience of members
of this House, it is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks differently
from the gentleman from Ohio, and so decides.
COMPENSATION OF THE CLERKS.
Mr. WELCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution,
which I am instructed to report to the House by
the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That John A. Parker, John Hunnicut, and M.
Martin, be allowed the same compensation as assistant
clerks of the House of Representatives—say $1,500 per an-
num—for the present session of Congress.
Mr. BRIOrGS. 1 am in favor of the resolution,
but would suggest to the gentleman to modify his
resolution to make it extend to this Congress in-
stead of this session.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
troduction of the resolution.'
At the request of Mr. FOWLER, the Clerk
again read the resolution.
Mr. NABERS. If the resolution be not ob-
jected to, I move the resolution I send to the
Clerk's doslc
Mr. HOUSTON. If amendments are to be
offered, and there is to be discussion on the reso-
lution, I object.
