38
the congressional globe.
Dec. 8,
Mexico, without the Wilmot proviso. Again, each
of these acts provides, in the most emphatic arid
distinct manner, for the extension of the Consti-
tution and laws of the Union to said Territories:
thus securing, as £ supppse all jurists worthy of
the name would decide, the effectual abrogation of
the Mexican laws abolishing slavery. These acts
provide, as the Senator well knows, in addition,
that the Territories to which they apply, when
they shall become States, shall come into the Union
with or without-slavery, as the people thereof may,
in their constitution, decide; and this provision is
equally effectual in regard to all the States into
which these Territories may be hereafter subdi-
vided. Surely the Senator from South Carolina
will rejoice with me that such are the terms on
which territorial governments havebeen established
in Utah and New Mexico, instead of extending to
them what is known as the Missouri compromise
line, as some ultraists in the South have contended
should have been done. W e all know that the
Missouri compromise provides, in express terms,
for the prohibition of slavery in all the territories
of the Union north of 36° 30' north latitude. Now
the principle of this boasted compromise applied
to Utah would have at once driven all the slave-
holders and their slaves now resident there, and
enjoying the protection of law therein, beyond the
eonfines of that Territory, and have closed the
same forever to the reception of slavery; since all of
Utah is known to be situated north of the line of
36° 30'. How this could at all benefit, the South,
remains yet for the learned doctors of the Secession
scht>ol to show. To my simple apprehension it
would be nothing more nor less than applying
the hated Wilmot proviso to Utah. Sir, let me
remind the Senator from South Carolina of the
fact, that every Southern Senator, save two, voted
for the Utah bill. Especially do I wish to re-
mind him that his close and intimate ally, the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. HrNTr.it,]
voted for the Utah bill, as he did also, according
to his own declaration to nie this morning, for
the New Mexican territorial bill—which is in all
materia] respects con espondent therewith. Surely
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina will
not think of seriously reprehending this portion of
the measures of adjustment, since, in order to do
so with elfect, he will have to unite in censuring
those with whom I know it has long been his j
highest pride to act here. ;
Is it the Texas and New Mexican boundary I
act that the honorable gentleman supposes should
awaken so much dissatisfaction to the South? As
to this point 1 shall ask leave to turn him over to
the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
eikst,] under whose monitions, and at the instiga-
tion ot' whose eloquent persuasions, the Senate is
known to have given its sanction to this measure.
By this act the disputed boundary lint' between
Texas and New Mexico was definitively settled,
and civil war, then seriously menaced, most iiappi-
lyprevented. Thetcrritorypurclmsed from Texas
now placed under the authority of the Government
of New Mexico, became part of the Union under
the resolution of Texan annexation: which reso-
lution provided expressly that all new States into
which Texas might be subdivided ot any future
period, lying north of 36° 30' north latitude, should
be free States. It has been seen that the act estab-
lishing a territorial government for New Mexico,
brought into operation a principle far more favor-
able than this rule oi'3(>°,'!0' to our Southern insti-
tutions. Does the Senator from South Carolina
object to this important emendation of the Texan
resolution of annexation, when, as he must, per-
ceive, by means of it, slave States are allowed to '•
spring up hereafter, where before this plan of set- :
tlement was adopted it was imuossible that any
but free States could exist ? * *
Perhaps the gentleman mainly objects to the
District of Columbia bill, as it is called. Wei!
sir, if lie does, I have to say to him that he objects i
to what has been the law of this District during
the whole of the present century. The act of
Congress of 180], to which the signature of Thom- !
as Jefferson was attached, which adopted the 1
old Maryland law on this subject and gave full i
validity and binding effect to the same in the ■
part of the District not retroceded at the period of
this enactment to the State of Virginia, having
been far more stringent in its terms than the act o&f
1850; the former having provided, under the pre-
cise penalties of the present law, too, not only
against the bringing of slaves into the District for
sale here, or for deposit here and sale elsewhere,
bu-t having denounced the penalty of forfeiture,
&c., of all slaves brought hither, for any purpose
whatsoever.
I can scarcely believe that the honorable gentle-
man can have intended to be understood on this
occasion as murmuring over the passage of the
fugitive slave law; though I believe! do not err in
supposing the Senator from South Carolina not to
have attached as much importance to this partic-
ular enactment as some other gentlemen are known
to have done, who represented in Congress the
border States of the Union. I recollect, too, quite
vividly, various declarations, in this Chamber and
el^ewheie, at diil'erent times, made by certain
Southern gentlemen of extreme opinions, that no
great appreciation was due to this particular enact-
ment, since it only carried out a plain provision of
the Constitution. It is also not forgotten by me,
and I hope that it is not forgotten by the Senate
either, that this particular act would have been
passed by the two Houses of Congress at a much
earlier period of the session before the last than it
was, but for the fact that it was not deemed politic
by certain Southern Senators, who had special
charge of the subject, to report a bill for the recap-
tion and restoration of fugitives from seivice unul
it should be ascertained that all the other ques-
tions connected with the subject of domestic sla-
very were likely to be satisfactorily disposed of in
Congress. The Senate will remember my former
exposition of this matter here, and cannot have
forgotten my statement of an important matter
of fact connected with this delicate point, when I
declared, in hearing of honorable Senators from
the South, who could not deny the truth of what
I said, that the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] and other Senators from the States of
the North, now present, and whom I could easily
name, requested me to see the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] and the Senator from South
Carolina, to whom 1 am now replying, at a very
early day of the session then in progress, and to
urge upon them both the importance of their re-
porting a bill without delay which, when it
should become a law, would secure full justice
to the South in regard to fugitives from ser-
vice, pledging themselves to vote for any bill
which should be thus reported, which should
be free from constitutional objections. The mo-
tives of honorable Senators in not reporting this
bill earlier I have never arraigned, nor do 1 on the
present occasion. They were doubtless conscien-
tious in their action, though 1 thought them at the
time injudicious in the course adopted by them,
as 1 still do: the reason given me for delaying
the reporting of tins bill, that if the question in-
volved therein should be satisfactorily adjusted at
that time, it might prove impossible thereafter to
rouse the border States to energetic action in co-
operation with the other Southern Slates, for the
vindication of their essential rights, never lui\in°
been considered by mo to be of a character suflP
ciently solid to entitle it to operate potentially
upon the deliberations of Congress. I repeat, Mr.
President, that I cannot suppose that the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina could have seen
anything in this particular law to demand that ex-
hibition of his powers of parliamentary objurga-
tion which we have witnessed this morning. To
be sure, I was aware that when the President of
the United States, in the course of the last winter,
called our attention to the riotous proceedings in
Eeston, in opposition to this law—a painful re-
membrance ot which I suppose all now present to
bear in mind—there were Southern Senators pres-
ent, yea, sir, Southern Senators, too, who assume
to be the peculiar and exclusive guardians of the
South—who did not hesitate to avow the opinion
that any attempt on the part of the Executive to
put down, by military force, such an armed oppo-
sition to the law as was known to have been set
on foot, would be a most outrageous usurpation of
authority, and a serious violation of the rights of
the sovereign State of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, this doctrine was at the time most justly
denounced in this body, and its upholders most de-
servedly chastised; and the same doctrine has been
regularly adjudged, by all intelligent men in the
South, to have been in its inception little better
than sheer nonsense.
Now, sir, I shall state a proposition to the lioh-
lionorable Senator from South Carolina, to which
I invoke his special attention. There is no part
of the plan of compromise that is repealable in its.
character except the fugitive slave bill and the
District of Columbia bill. The latter I have showu
to be unworthy of a moment's consideration.
California is already in the Union, and there is no
remedy kno vvn to the Constitution by means of
which she can be expelled therefrom and restored
to .the territorial state. The territorial govern-
ments are established, and on such principles aa
Southern men have always advocated; and 1 sup'
pose that the honorable Senator would hardly con-
tend that Congress could, otherwise than by a
palpable usurpation of power, and a most shame-
less violation of vested rights, deprive the people
of Utah and New Mexico, so long cut off from
the blessings of regular government, of the pro-
tection now afforded to them by the Governments-
under which they live. Texas has received her
ten millions of dollars, or a large portion thereof,
and all sensible men know that there are no
constitutional means of getting it back without,
her consent; whilst no one possessed of a par-
ticle of sanity would conjecture that" she would
ever willingly restore the benefits of a contract
so manifestly advantageous to her. The great
practical question at last upon my resolution isr
Shall the fugitive slave law be faithfully enforced T
In other words, Will our brethien of the North,
through their representatives in the two Houses
of Congress, now declare, ill some formal legisla-
tive mode, that they will hereafter exert them-
selves faithfully and energetically to give full effect
to this law, and thus evince their determination to
see perfect justice done to their fellow-citizens of
the South ? I repeat, this is the only important
question now before the Senate; and I must be
permitted to declare my profound regret at finding
that every Senator from the South is not found"
willing to cooperate in a movement upon the suc-
cess of which the security and repose of that sec-
tion of the.Union are undeniably staked.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina
has been pleased to complain.specially, and with
an emphasis not a little imposing, that the time
seems to have gone by for amendments of the
Constitution of the United States, without which,
I suppose, the honorable gentleman would have
us to undeistand the Southern States of the Union
cannot remain safely in the Confederacy. This is
not the first time that I have heard this proposition
stated in this Chamber. When I heard it first, I
was not a little startled by its enunciation. I pro-
tested against it the next day as of a character
highly dangerous to the peace of the countiy. I
meet it again now in the same spirit, for I con-
sider the honorable Senator from South Carolina
as clearly intimating that some constitutional
amendment is at, this moment indispensable, to the
pcace and happiness ol the Union. Sir, the only
constitutional amendment that I have heard of
lately, is that extraordinary one recommended ire
ascertain posthumous political volume with which
I hope every man in America will shortly make
himself acquainted. The amendment suggested
m this volume proposes, that instead of choosin°-
one President of the United States, we should here-
after have two elected—one from the North, by
Northern votes—one from the South, by Southern
votes. Each of these Presidents is, I believe, to have
the command of the Army and Navy of the Union,
and a double veto power is to be exercised by them.
Such an amendment would, as every man of prac-
tical good sense in the world will readily decide,
break up the Union in about four or five weeks.
Now, if it is such a fantastical amendment as this,
or anything like it, that the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina wishes incorporated into that
sacred instrument, 1 would counsel him most seri-
ously to let the Constitution of our fathers alone
for the present, or at least to be certain thathe has
some scheme of emendation already matured more
worthy of approval than the one just specified,
before he ventures either to obtrude it oil the atten-
tion of his countrymen, or to complain that this
noblest production of the human understanding
has lost all those high capacities which the wise
men of the land once supposed it to possess, of
securing the freedom and happiness of the mil-
lions living under its protection, as long as civili-
zation and social virtue should continue to dwell
in this favored hemisphere.
The honorable gentleman complains somewhat
vehemently of the want of union m the South, and
