950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
The amendment is put in, in order that the
rights of private individuals may not be interfered
with. 1 ask that the bill may now be put upon its
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of. the Union; and, on that motion, he demanded
theprevious question.
The question being put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, on a division
there were—ayes 43, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; and they were
ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the House
will agree to pass all the bills that come from the
hands of the Committee on Public Lands in a
lump, it will save time. I will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, and also the mo-
tion to refer the bill.
Mr. VENABLE renewed the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. ORR. The bill now before the House
ought to be passed; it is right and proper. The
subject has been investigated by the Committee on
Public Lands, and I will make a brief statement,
whieh, T think, will satisfy the House.
By previous legislation of Congress, the use of
certain salt springs was reserved to the State of
Iowa throughout all time to come, without any
reversionary interest being reserved to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The object of this
bill is, to give the fee simple in these lands to the
State, and let them be disposed of by being sold
or rented, as the Legislature of the State may
choose. This Government can lose nothing at
all by the operation, for all its rights to the land
passed from it under theprevious act of Congress.
I hope the bill will pass, and I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. MEACH AM. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, if there is any pressing necessity
for taking up this bill and passing it, out of its
ordinary course?
Mr. ORR. I cannot say that there is, but it
may as well be passed now as at any time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered to be now put; and
being put, the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
agreed to, on a division—ayes 69, noes 52.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred House bill No. 12,
granting a certain quantity of land to the State of
Iowa for the purpose of aiding saidStatem thecon-
etruction of railroads from Dubuque to Keokuck,
and from Davenport to the Missouri river, in said
State, reported the following bill as a substitute
therefor, viz:
A BILL to a ant a certain quantity of land to the State of
Iowa, fur the |>uipcwc of aiding said State in the coustruc
lion of railroads from Dubuque to Keokuck, and from
Davenport to the Missouri river, in said State.
*3nd be it enactcd, 3 c., That the 1 lgtlt of way through the
public lands be, and the ^anieia hereby granted to theState
of Iowa for the construction of railroads fiom the eitv of
Duhuque to Keokuck, and from Davenport 011 tlie Missis-
sippi river in said State to such point on the Missouu river
as may be designated on the autlionty of said State winch
authority shall also fi\ mid determine the rights of each of
said railroads ; and shall have rlic nifiit, also, to take neccs
eary matciials of eaitli, stones, timber, etc., for the con-
struction thereof from the public lands of the United States
adjacent to said railioad.--: Provided, That the nidit of way
shall not exceed one hundred lt.et on each side of the line
otsaid roads; and a copy of the  uivey of said road- made
under the direction of the Legislature, shall be forwarded to
the proper local land offices lespectivcly, and to the Gen
eral Land Office at Washington city, within ninety days
after the completion of the same.
Sec. 2. And be it Jurther enacted, That there be, and is
hereby granted to the State of Iowa, for the purpose of aid-
ing in making the raihoads at'oiesmd, every alternate sec-
tion of land designated by even numbers, for six sectionsin
width 011 each side of said loads ; but incase it shall apnear
that the lJmtnd States have, when the lines or loutes o?S
roads are definitely fixed by the autlionty aforesaid sold
any section or any part thereof g, anted as afoi esaid, 01' that
the right of preemption has attached to the same, then it
Ehst bp lawful fnr 911V I.. _ '
States most contiguous to the tier "ol"sections aVove'spoci^
fied so much land m alternate sections or part, of sections
as shall be equal to such lands as the United States have
sold, or to which the right of preemption has attached -is
aiore-aid, which lands alms set, eted in lieu of those sold
and to which preemption have attached as aforesaid to eth'
ei with the actions and pints 01 sections desiguated'bv"cE«i
numbers as aloresaul and appiopimted as afbiesaid, shall be
held by the State of Iowa) tor the use and purpose afore-
said : Provided, That the lands to be so located, shall in 110
case be further than fifteen miles from the line of the road
in each case and selected for and on account of each of said
roads: Provided further, That the lands heieby granted
shall he exclusively applied in the construction of that road
for which it was granted and selected, and shall be dis-
posed of only as the work progresses, and the same shall be
applied to no other purpose whatsoever: And provided fur-
ther, That any and all lands heretofore reserved to the
United States by any act of Congress, or in any other man-
ner by competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or tor any other purpose
whatsoever, be and the same are hereby reserved to the
United States from the opeiation of this act, except so far
as> it may be found necessary to locate the routes of the said
railroads through such reserved lands, in which case the
right of way only shall be granted.
Sec. 3. l/lnd be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States, within six miles on each side of each
of said 1 oads shall not be sold tor less than double the mini-
mum price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the said State shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof, for the purposes aforesaid
and no other; and the said railroads shall be and remain a
public highway, for the use of the Government ot the United
States, free from toll or other charge, upon the transporta-
tion ol any property or troops of the llmted States.
Snc. 5. Jind be it further enacted, Thatthe lands hereby
granted to said State, shall be disposed of by said State only
in mannei following, that is to say: that a'quantity of land
not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections tor each of
said roads*, and included within a continuous length of
twenty miles of said loads may be told; and when the Gov-
ernor of s.ud State shall certify to the Secietary of the Inte-
rior that said twenty continuous miles of either of said roads
is completed, then another bke quantity of land hereby
granted may be sold, and so fiom time to time, until said
roads are completed, and if said roads are not completed
within ten jeais, no further sales shall be made, and the
lands unsold shall levert to the United States.
Sec. 6. *dnd be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall, at all times, be tiansportedon said railroads un-
der the direction of tlie Po*t Office Department, at such
price as the Congress may by law direct.
Mr. HENN said: As the disposition of the
House lias evidently been against putting these
hills upon their passage, notwithstanding a bill,
making an appropriation of $500,000 for building
an addition to this Capitol, is put upon its passage
and rushed through this House 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. That bill was !
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the !
state of the Union, and I tried for two months, be-
fore I could get it up.
Mr. HENN. It was taken up out of its order
though.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. It was made a
special order.
Mr. HENN. It was taken up, and the appro-
priation was increased from $10,000 to §500,000.
Mr. Chairman, I think the time has come when
the members of the House from the West should
stand up and vote with each other, upon all these
propositions. The time has arrived when we are
to determine whether we are to have justice done
us or not; and for one, I am willing to test the i
question upon this bill. It is a thing that has been !
asked for many years by the people of my coun- I
try; and I hope the members of this House from ■
the West, if they intend to do justicc to the West, \
will vote with me for the immediate passage of this j
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand my friend '
from Iowa to say that he does not want anybody
but Western men to vote for his bill ?
Mr. HENN. No, sir; I do not say that. But
I do say that there is a disposition upon the part
of this House to rush through everything that is j
for the benefit of the Eastern people, while it is 1
their object to defeat or delay everything that is !
for the benefit of the West. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to add j
a word. It is apparent that the business in refer- |
ence to these railroads has got a vast deal ahead >
of the other business of this House, and there i
seem to be pretty strong indications that it is the i
determination of the members from.the old States i
to throw back all these bills granting alternate |
sections of land for railroad purposes, till they |
have either secured or lost their own measures !
and to do this in order that they may determine '
what course to pursue in relation to these grants, j
Now, as I remarked, by the industry of those to I
whom these railroad matters were committed, this <
business is in advance of much of the other busi- '
ness of the House. All we ask is, that you will |
take up this business in its regular order We :
ask that you will permit the vote to be taken upon !
these measures, in which we are interested, when I
we bring them forward, and that you will not put j
them back until all those matters in which others
] t are interested shall have been disposed of. We
1 ask nothing more.
If the measures which gentlemen from the East
have at heart were in advance of the other busi-
ness sof the House, as ours now is, it would be
deemed outrageous—it would be considered the
highest order of impudence, if the members from
the new States—from the States which now ask
these grants—were to come forward and to set
aside their measures, in order that we might first
have the House tested upon those in which we are
interested—measures that are for the benefit of the
Western and Southwestern States? That is the
position in which the matter stands. Now I ap-
peal to the sense of justice of the House, and ask
if it is right, in consideration of the fact that the
gentlemen from the West and Southwest have,
by their industry, brought up these measures, that
they shall be staved off until other measures be got
through? And I ask if tlie House ought not' to
give us a just and fair test, or trial, and either pass
these bills or reject them ? In either event, I pre-
sume we will be satisfied.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Henn] to allow me to put a question
to thegentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
I wish him to tell me what particular eastern bill
has been taken up and rushed through this House?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not charge that there
has been any concerted action upon the part of
gentlemen from the East; but I say the evident
tendency is to throw back the measures in which
we, from the West and Southwest, are interested,
and to bring forward those which are for the
benefit of the East.
Mr. VENABLE. I dislike very much to con-
sume the time of thegentleman from Iowa. But
that gentleman has appealed to gentlemen from
the West to stand up and claim their rights. Now,
I want to know—for I have voted for a good many
bills brought forward by our Western friends—
where is the necessity for this battle-cry? When
have the rights of the West not been respected by
gentlemen from other portions of the Union5 I
ask the gentleman to answer my question, for I
should loathe myself, if I supposed myself ca-
pable of voting for or against a bill because it was
to benefit any particular section of the country.
1 want to put the history of the country right. I
want to be rebuked, if I am wrong. Let the
country know the facts of the case. If there has
been any spirit manifested by the representatives of
the older or Eastern States to get up any scheme
for their interest, to the disadvantage of the West-
ern States—if there has been any railroad scheme,
or any scheme for special or local legislation, upon
the part of the old States, I should like to know
it, for 1 am not advised of it.
Mr. COBB. Perhaps I can answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. VENABLE. I should be glad if anybody
would answer it.
Mr. COBB. Perhaps the gentleman has for-
gotten a bill which was introduced into the House
not long since, granting the privilege of the sus-
pension of the duties on railroad iron, for a certain
railroad in North Carolina. If I mistake not, the
bill came from the Senate, and was laid upon the
Speaker's table. It was taken up, and the House
refused to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, but put it on its pas-
sage.
Mr. VENABLE. And then you refused to
pass it.
Mr. COBB. I voted for it,
Mr. VENABLE. But the House refused to
pass it.
Mr. COBB. I voted for it, and thought then
the bill should be passed; but the action of the
House has since convinced me of the necessity of
restraining my liberality, in voting for bills coming
from that quarter.
Mr. HENN. I believe it is in order to answer
one question by asking another. I desire to know
of the gentleman from North Carolina whether
he hails from an Eastern or Southern State?
Mr. VENABLE. I hail from an Atlantic State,
and one of the old States. I will take occasion,
however, to say, that the bill to which the gentle-
man has alluded did not propose to make any apr
propriation for any railroad in North Carolina,
nor did it propose to remit the duty on iron. It
only extended the time for its payment. But that
privilege was not granted. It was not voted for
