1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
included the very slaves that we ourselves had
murdered upon the Appalachicola river. And
here let me say, by way of episode, to gentlemen
who are so fond of acting in this Hall upon mat-
ters with which they are ignorant, that the slaves
said to have escaped from the father of Mrs. Irwin,
to whom, during the present session, we have
granted some $25,000, because her father lost
slave?, that these slaves of her father were in-
cluded in this negotiation, and paid for, as I un-
derstand the record; for all who were gone, and
all who were proven to have left their masters,
were regarded as having taken refuge with the
Indians, and were paid for accordingly; and yet
theie was $141,000 Jeft which the Indians supposed
was theirs.
And now I come to an important point in this
history. While this claim for the §141,000 was
pending, which the Indians hoped toget, there was
no hostility, no very apparent uneasiness among
them. Yet, strange to "say, while this money lay
in our hands, and the Indians were calling for it,
having paid for the slaves, and claiming that it
belonged to them, the slaveholders of Georgia also
claimed it as theirs. They insisted that it should
be paid over to them, and th'S contest went on
from, perhaps, 182S to 1834. In the latter year
this House and the Senate passed a law to pay
over thitf balance of $141,000 to the owners of the
slaves.
Mr. DURKEE. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. GIDDirsrGS, Certainly,ifforanyinform-
ation.
Mr. DURKEE. 1 should like to know why
that money was paid over to the slaveholders of
Georgia ? Upon what authority, and for what
object was it paid over?
'Mr. GiDDlNGS. My friend inquires as to
the claim which Georgia made to tins money. 1
can answer in no other language than what they
themseb es have given through their official agents
in this Hall. The claims of the slaveholders of
Geotgia were referred to a select committee, and
the chairman of that committee, if I mistake nor,
was agemleman of the name of Gillmore, who was
from Geor m. lie had the whole subject under
consideration; he examined it minutely and care-
fully, and m;>de a long detailed report, and he
came to the conclusion that they had no title
whatever to this money, save one, and that was
by way of indemnifying the owner of the slave
for the offspring winch they would have borne to
their masteis had they remained in bondage. This
can be found in the report on the subject made to
this House by the select committee m 1832 or 1333.
Tins was the claim,and one upon winch I have no
disposition to comment.
But J will proceed. The §141,000 was paid
over to the owners of the slaves, in addition to
the former sum, stated by Mr. Wirt to be at least
twice the real value of the slaves, and then the
Indians be<-;ime clamorous at one, The whole
am <unt of $950,000 had been taken from them, and
a dflecatton f>->m the Upper Creek towns started,
in 1335, to seize rhese people residing with the
Sea.; joles in Florida. With the negroes >md the
Semuioles the Lower Creeks symoaduVed. And
here, sir, eaily in 1335, commenced the hostilities
to wh;ch so much attention has been dnected m
another end of the Capitol during the present ses-
sion of Conines-?. Mr. Chairman, if I may be
allowed, I will say, ihatm 1S37 the gentleman who
was then Scrotal y ^f War, (Genera1 Cass,) now
a member of the ^eoue, when cubed on by this
House, by way or' .-esohuion, to renor' the- Causes
of these Creek ho^itht/^s in -\jabama and Georgia,
(for you will recollect theu'scussion in the S:-nate
arose upon a claim of A! Jj urn for losses sustained
by these hostilities,) reported to this Huuse and
the Seriate, that this negro transaction and this
paying over the money, was one of the causes
which Jed to those hostilities. But the learned
Senator appears to have forgotten that fact, and
now,sixteen years subsequently, there were three
days spent in ihe other end of the Capitol dis-
cussing the causeas of this Creek difficulty in Geor-
gia and Alabama, and i* was principally carried
on by tbiee distinguished Senators, a'l of -whom
had been members of the Executive Cabinet.
The whole object of the discussion appeared to
be the ascertainment of the cause of these hos-
tilities with the Creaks of the Lower Towns.
One honorable Senator ascribed it to the starving
condition of the Indians, who were said not to have
food to subsist upon; another thought it arose
from defrauding them in their lands; and another
to bad management of the Executive in hurrying
the Indians off to their western country. The dis-
putants exhibited more ingenious tact and ability
in avoiding this subject of the negroes than I ever
saw by any other statesmen. 1 presume this was
in compliance with the injunctions of the two par-
ties, not to agitate the subject of slavery. But
they spoke, I think, of everything else than the
real cause of those hostilities.
As I have already stated, immediately after this
last money was paid over to the slaveholders, the
Creeks from the Upper Towns went in pursuit of
the slaves, and the negroes being connected with
the Seminoles, the Semtnoles and negroes together
resisted the Creeks. They resisted the outrages
sought to be perpetrated upon them, and imme-
diately hostilities were commenced both by the
lower Creeks and Seminoles. Those hostilities
were nearly simultaneous, and the battles were
fought by the same Indians and the same negroes.
And the Seminole or Florida war and the Creek
war in Georgia were, in fact, one war, as appears
from the documents in our library. The Indians
in the upper Creek towns were in favor of seizing
the slaves, but the lower Creeks sympathized with
the Seminoles and negroes who were m Florida,
and they aided and assisted in the early part of
the Florida war, and in some instances were the
only persons engaged in perpetrating the outrages
upon the white settlements.
And in this connection I may say that these
facts were officially reported in 1837, by the then
Secretary of War. The treaty of Payne's Land-
ing was declared valid. By it the Seminoles had
stipulated to emigrate to the Indian country west
of the Mississippi. They refused to go there, be-
cause the Creeks had possession of the country,
and the Seminoles knew the moment they were
placed within the power of the Creeks, that mo-
ment the Creeks would seize these negroes as
their slaves. The negroes had obtained a con-
trolling influence over the Indians and fought with
them. They controlled their councils and com-
manded them in the field. If gentlemen will look
at Executive Document 225, first session, Twen-
ty-fifth Congress, they will find the whole history
of this transaction. As I have already hinted,
many of these people had as it were been born
upon the battle-field; educated under the sound of
the war whoop; and their whole lives spent m
defending and piotecting their God-given right to
freedom. In this manner generations had risen,
fought, and passed from the stage of life, and
were succeeded by men able in council and valiant
m battle. In this way, during the years 1835,
1836,and 1837, they were fighting continually for
the liberties which their fathers had maintained;
followed through swamp and everglade; pursued
and hunted by our troops; persecuted, tormented,
yet they remained firm m their love of liberty,
and m their patriotic devotion to their families
and friends, determined to die rather than sur-
render themselves to slaveiy. Sir, I do not mean
any personal detraction, but the distinguished
general who now bears aloft the banner of the
Whig party went there with his army. He had
fought upon the Niagara frontier, and he had
conquered the proud hosts of Britain. He had
met. the enemy in many pitched battles, but when
he came in contact with these negroes and In-
dians his military fame was of no repute. His
laurels drooped, his plumes fell, and his colors
traded m the dust; he could not conquer them.
With all the energy and all the power, all the in-
fluence and all the skill and tact which he pos-
sessed, he was quite unable to subdue them. He
gave up the contest and left the field.
Sir, it was only by stratagem and by the viola-
tion of our most solemnly pledged fauh that these
persons finally fell victims to the inexorable spirit
of siavery. When it was found that no army
could conquer them, recourse was had to decep-
tion, fraud, and corruption. I do not say it was
intended by tfte officers then in command. Agents
were sent to tell them to come in, and that if they
would surrender by capitulation they should be
secured in their persons and property. I call the
serious attention of the House and the country to
the fact that General Jesup, acting as our com-
mander in Florida, on the 6th of March, 1837,
entered into a solemn compact and article of capit-
ulation with these very identical negroes and their
allies, the Florida Indians, securing them in their
persons and property, and the faith of the nation
was pledged to them in that compact. It is in the
fifth article of the capitulation, and is as follows:
"General Jesup, in behalf of the United States, agrees
that the Seminoles and their allies (distinctly recognizing
these negroes as the allies of the Seminole Indians, and they
were recognized as such throughout) who come in and emi-
grate to the West shall be secure in their lives and prop-
erty."
That was the pledge of this Government, and
the negroes came in and surrendered; they were
transported west, and when they arrived at the
further boundary of Arkansas, they found that
they were not to be protected upon the lands of
the Creeks, and they stopped upon the Cherokee
territoiy. They had no territory of their own,
and they dared not go within the Creek jurisdic-
tion, because they would be enslaved. The Cher-
okees were dissatisfied with it, and complained to
this Government. The Creeks were dissatisfied
because the negroes did not come into the Creek
country, in order that they might get their slaves,
and hostilities were threatened in that country for
four years. In 1845, a treaty was entered into
between the Cherokees, the Creeks, the Semi-
noles, and this Government, and in that treaty it
was stipulated that the Seminoles should be per-
mitted to go into the territory, and conduct their
own affairs. The Creeks bound themselves not
to molest them or their negroes, and this Govern-
ment agreed to pay a certain sum to each, and to
the Cherokees, as compensation for the stipula-
tions mentioned. All questions of property, in-
cluding the question of the freedom of these ne-
groes, were, by mutual consent, to be referred to
the President of the United States. This question
of the freedom of the negroes was in issue there,
and it was settled by the solemn stipulation of the
Creek Indians, that they would submit it to the
Executive of the United States. In obedience to
that stipulation, the Seminoles and these negroes
went into and settled m the Creek territory.
As was stated yesterday by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the colored people had
their settlements there by themselves, and contin-
ued in the enjoyment of all the comforts of civil-
ized life for five or six years. In 3847— '48, the
Creeks sent forward their claim against this Gov-
erment for the $141,000. You will recollect, Mr.
Chairman, that that monev had been paid over to
the slaveholders of Georgia, in 1834. Well, sir,
the Creeks renewed their claim. In 1847, I re-
fused to vote for a Whig Speaker, and in conse-
quence of that I was removed from the post of
chairman of the Committee on Claims, which I
had held under prior Whig rule, and was trans-
ferred to the seventh or eighth member on the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, where, I believe, I had
the pleasure of serving with the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. John-son*, j This identical claim
of the Creek Indians was referred to myself, and
therefore 1 know something about it. I found that
the Indians had a clear and indisputable right to
the ^141,000, and I therefore made a repoi t in favor
of the chum: this House and the Senate passed it,
and the Indians received their money. After they
had received that money, in 1852, m violation of
their compact, in violation of all the solemnities of
their treaty, and of all the dictates of humanity,
they, with armed force and violence, seized from
seventy to one hundred of these negroes, enslaved
them, sold them into bondage, and there they now
remain. They attempted to sei?e upon the others,
and there was fighting, and bloodshed, and civil
war, in order that they might obtain possession
of these persons and send them to eternol servi-
tude. And there, sir, was the Executive of this
natiun looking on with folded arms and seeing
these outrages perpetrated, and the pledged faith
of this Go\emment to secure these people in their
lives and property violated and trampled under
foot. Sir, had we thus violated our solemn com-
pacts with any other people or nation on e&rlb, as
■ we have that which we entered into wiTh these
negroes, we would have cast upon our history a
stain which no nme could erase. A portion of
these negroes attempted to fiee to Mexico under the
celebrated chief Wild Cat, but they were pursued,
a battle was fought, and many were slain on both
sides, but the gallantry of these heroic negroes
! was too powerful for negro-catchers. They es-
caped, and aie now safe in Mexico, and we shall
hear from them and their children to the third and
