9o4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
from day to day, and never have noticed the fact
by petition to Congress until years after, when the
Navy Department had taken no notice of the
claim. I therefore suppose it to i e true, that even
if there was an intention to make such a claim,
and a paper prepared, it never was sent. Cer-
tainly it was never received.
Then how stands the case? The Government
have'given orders to an officer to occupy a certain
portion of this island, simply as a place of deposit
for military stores. And the report shows that he
did so. Matters went on from the year 1823 down
to 1828, or subsequently, and we find no claim
made—no complaint made to the Government,
but squabbles ensue between the officers and the
owners of land; and then, after the lapse of fifteen
or twenty, or even thirty years, the parties come
forward and petition Congress to redress the
wrongs which they, or an officer of the Govern-
ment, have inflicted on them—the officer being in
his grave—and he having been liable to suit for
every act he had done—liable to damages for act-
ing beyond the scope of his authority and violating
their rights, if the allegations were capable of proof.
Yet they left him unsued during his lifetime, and
took no means to establish their claim judicially.
Now, I submit to the Senate, that under these
circumstances, it is going much too far to pass
this bill, that it will casta stain on the memory of
Commodore Porter; because, if the bill is passed,
" you assume that the acts complained of are grossly
outrageous. But these plaintiffs dared not, in the
lifetime of Commodore Porter, to arraign him in
a court of justice, and meet him with witness
against witness as to the propriety of his conduct
and the extent of the exercise of his authority, but
come here now to you, to ask you, on this gen-
eral petition, to disburse the funds of the nation on
an unproved claim, and at the same time reflecting
on the character of one of the most distinguished
officers ever in your service, when he is no longer
here to defend himself, and has left nothing but
his memory to his children and his country. I
can vote for no such bill.
As I said before, I am perfectly willing, if these
parties will show, by petition and competent
proof, that the land occupied by Commodere Por-
ter for storehouses and for a naval depot, was not
the same land which was subsequently purchased
and paid for by the Government, to pay for the
rental value of it during the time it was so occupied
by the Government. But I am not willing to pay
for the occupation of this island beyond the orders
of Commodore Porter, and in violation of his du-
ties; and I am not willing to investigate this case,
nor to cast a censure on his memory, when he is
in his grave, founded on testimony so loose as this
is. 1 shall, therefore, feel myself compelled to
renew the motion which I made when this bill
was last up, but withdrew that the amendment of
the Senator from New York might be offered, that
the consideration of this bill be postponed indefi-
nitely.
I will make one further remark. As regards
this, or any other claim, it is, I am certain, far
more agreeable to a man's feelings to advocate
than to oppose it; certainly it would be so to mine.
But, standing here in this body, I can know no
private feelings whatever. 1 shall endeavor to
view every claim that comes before the Senate as
a claim between A and £>, and to decide upon it
judicially to the best of my knowledge and ability,
without favor or affection to any party.
Mr. BADGER. _ i do not propose to enter into
the discussion of this case at large; but I desire to
make a few observations, which have been sug-
gested to me by what has been said by the Sena-
tor from Delaware. I do not understand the con-
struction which he has given to the orders under
which Commodore Porter took possession of the
Island of Key West, to be exactly of that narrow
kind which he does. Commodore Porter was
directed to establish a naval station and depot on
the island. 11 is a small island, consisting of some
two hundred acres of land.
Mr. BAYARD. The report states seven hun-
dred acres, and the Senator from Florida says it
is much larger.
Mr. BADGER. Very well. When we con-
sider the condition of things at Key West; that it
was not a thickly-settled or inhabited island; and
when we remember the purpose which the Gov-
ernment had in view m establishing this naval de-
pdt and station there, I think it must be under-
stood that the officer had not only authority to
take possession of so much of the land on the
island as might be necessary merely to place his
naval station and depot there, but that his orders
fairly included what was necessary to make the
station and depot effectual for the purposes of the
Government. It is very easy to conceive that it
might be highly important to the ends which the
Government had in view in making that estab-
lishment, to prevent the use of the residue of the
island as being in itself calculated to interfere wi th
those ends; and, therefore, if Commodore Porter,
acting under the impression that his duty to the
Government required him to do what he did, in
regard to the occupation of the residue of the
island, I think he was acting fairly under a just
exposition of the order which he received; and
secondly, that it by no means implies any re-
proach upon his memory that this bill is brought
forward to obtain from the Government compen-
sation for losses sustained, by individuals, in con-
sequence of the acts which he felt himself bound
to commit. With regard to some things, it is
manifest that it would not have done for Commo-
dore Porter to permit that island to be occupied;
certain classes of occupation upon it would have
been of a most injurious character. In the neigh-
borhood of the naval station and depot were per-
sons engaged in certain transactions which would
tend to demoralize his naval force, to put it beyond
his effectual control and direction, and prevent
him accomplishing the ends the Government had
in view. Now, I mean not to say, whether in
point of fact what Commodore Porter did was
necessary and proper to those ends or not. That
is a difficult question; but what I do mean to say
is, first, that the order to him to establish a naval
station and depot there necessarily implied that
he should adopt such measures as would make
the establishment effectual to the purposes de-
signed by the Government; and, secondly, that
what lie did, though resulting in loss to an individ-
ual, may not imply any imputation upon his
memo ry, as having arbitrarily, willfully, at) d kno w-
ingly exceeded his orders in doing acts which
were necessary for the purpose which he was
charged to accomplish.
The next thing which I have to say is; If I un-
derstand the honorable Senatorfrom Delaware, he
concedes that, in cases where there is a claim upon
the Government—a claim stiictijuns—if there was
any tribunal capable of enforcing it against the
Government, and not appeal to its mere benevo-
lence, it is not the usage or custom of the Govern-
ment ever to refer an inquiry into the damages or
amount of damages to the head of a Department.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the Senator misun-
derstood me. I said that while Congress refuses
to establish, by a general law, a tribunal to adju-
dicate upon these claims, it must be on the prin-
ciple that this body must remain the adjudicating
body, if they refuse, by a general law to estab-
lish a forum or tribunal to decide upon claims pre-
ferred against the Government, it must be on the
principle that they mean to retain m their own
hands the right to determine the propriety, the jus-
tice, or equity of any claim agamst the Govern-
ment. If that is the principle—and I cannot con-
ceive that it could be any other—on which a
general law would not be passed, then I said I
would be unwilling to vote, in a particular case,
to refer it to any other tribunal for the adjudica-
tion of facts which they are no more competent to
decide than we are, and who have no greater power
of examination than we have; and therefore I
should require the party to produce his testimony
here.
Mr. BADGER. I did not exactly understand
the honorable Senator; but I would make a remark
which may be necessary to enable us to under-
stand the propriety of considering this claim, with-
out determining now whether it should be granted
or not. Congress has always reserved in its own
hands th® powerof determining upon such claims;
but its practice shows that while it retains the
power in general, and has constantly refused to
establish a tribunal with general powers upon
this subject, it has always been in the habit of
referring particular cases, from time to time, as
it thought to be necessary, to the Executive offi-
cers of the Government for investigation, and that
in cases of claims, strictly speaking. One occurs
to me at this instant, the claim of the late Colonel
Richard M. Johnson against the Government for
the value of some school-houses on Indian lands,
which he claimed, under a contract, the Govern-
ment was bound to pay. He made his applica-
tion to Congress, it was considered by a commit-
tee; and Congress refused to pass upon or adjudi-
cate the claim itself, but made an appropriation for
the purpose of paying such amount as should be
ascertained by the proper Executive officers to be
due to him on account of the claim; and it was
adjudicated at the Department and paid. Without
entering further into the matter, I give up the floor
to the Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. I concur, Mr. President, in
much that has been said by-the honorable Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and particularly
in his closing remarks as to the feelings that should
actuate Senators upon this floor, in voting upon
private claims. And I acquiesce entirely ir, the
assumption that every honorable Senator feels
much more gratification when he can conscien-
tiously vote in favor of a private claim than when
he feels compelled to vote against it. I require no
illustration for this beyond the course of the hon-
orable Senator himself, while opposing private
claims upon this floor; but I am happy that this
discussion has arisen, and happy that it has fallen
to the honorable Senator from Delaware to probe
this claim to its very foundation, because I am
unwilling to stand here, as a new member of this
body, as the advocate of any private claim which
is not founded in strict equity, and of the equity
ofwhich I am not myself fully convinced. Having,
however, examined this claim, and having been
familiar with it for years, I feel exceedingly happy
in having it in my power to answer much of what
has been urged by the Senator from Delaware in
opposition to it. I readily a gree with the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] because, in the
main, all that I desire is that the Government
should examine this claim, and, if anything is
found to be due to this party, then that it should
be paid.
In regard to the doctrine that the Government
is not responsible for the illegal acts of their agents,
I entirely concur with what has fallen from the
Senator from Delaware; and I believe that that is
a doctrine in which we shall all coincide at once.
If Commodore Porter committed any acts which
he was not authorized to commit, and which were
illegal in themselves, he and not the Government
is responsible for those acts. But the extent of
his authority is to be judged of in part—first, by
the acquiescence of the Government in the acts
complained of; and secondly, by the orders which
were given to lum. This authority is not to be
looked for alone in the orders which were given to
him, but also in the acquiescence of the Govern-
ment in the acts which he did. I hold that to be
sound doctrine; and if I do not show that this
island was occupied by the Government of the
United States, or at least by their orders, for a
series of years, that the then owners were dispos-
sessed of it, and that its occupation by the Gov-
ernment was instrumental in obtaining important
ends, as also that its occupation conferred upon
the Government important benefits, then I am
willing that the bill should fail. But if I show
that it was occupied by authority of the Govern-
ment, and also that at the time it was taken it was
private property, then I suppose there is not an
honorable Senator here who will raise his voice
against paying what is reasonable and just.
The Senator from Delaware appears to think
that because the country has failed to establish a
Board of Commissioners to adjudicate upon claims,
he will not vote for this claim, however just it may
be. It may be the duty of the country to provide
such a board; but while the Government has not
done so, and probably never will, in the face of
the fact that there are claims to the amount of
$50,000,000 to be adjudicated upon on which such
board would have to enter at once, shall we, when
a party has been a sufferer for more than twenty
years, refuse to examine his claim and allow him
the benefit of all such prima fitcie proof as would
lead to the allowance of the claim before any court
of the country ?
In relation to this claim, it has been truly said,
that this is not the first time it has been before
Congress. I will call attention to the fact, that in
1847 this case was thoroughly investigated in the
House of Representatives, and the Committee on
Naval Affairs, through their chairman, the honor-
able Mr. Butler King, made a report upon it, from
