1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
be lost, it would be put in some other bill. The
constructive mileage has already been taken by
Senators who intend to take it, and it is gone.
This appropriation is for the pay of mileage and
per diem for this session.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If this is
allowed, cannot they claim a credit this year, upon
what they have abstracted, as the gentleman calls
it, the last?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that is a
proper expression.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it is a proper word.
I think it was abstracted, subtracted, and extracted
wrongly. I do not think it ought to be allowed.
I thinK the House ought to insist upon disagree-
ing to it.
Mr. HOUSTON". It is for the House to do as
it sees fit upon the subject. 1 wish to lay the
statement as fairly as 1 can before the House; but
it is proper for me to say that it is impossible for
us to defeat that appropriation.
The next amendment upon which the Senate
insist, is the amendment which you. remember
was discussed in committee, and is this:
" Prodded, That hereafter no expenses incurred by a
Ten itonal Legislature, shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States, unless previously sanctioned by law."
The House defeated that proviso upon the
ground that the law of 3842 covered it. It is true,
that law does remedy the difficulty which existed
before that day, and, as was well remarked by the
Delegate from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] whom I
do not now see in his seat, we have allowed a de-
parture from that law, we have allowed a miscon-
struction of that law, and we are ourselves respon-
sible for the loose course of proceeding in regard
to those Territories. It was well argued, in the
Senate yesterday, that something else must be
done besides notifying them we intend to adhere
to the provisions of the law of 1842. The amend-
ment can do no harm, if it does no good. I have
now stated the disagreements.
Mr. STUART. I want to call the gentleman's
attention to the fact, as I understand it, that each
House takes mileage for itself. The Committee
on Mileage reports, and each House for itself de-
termines this question, and determines it conclu-
sively. Now, sir, whatever opinion may be en-
tertained here in regard to paying constructive
mileage of Senators, it is amatfer this House has
no control over, and a matter for which this House
is in nowise responsible—not in the least degree.
And I should be very sorry to have this House
act upon a suggestion which has fallen from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to
refuse to concur in this amendment of the Senate
for any such reason as he asvsigns.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will inquireofthe chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
we did not insert a clause in some bill last year
making it a law to prevent constructive mileage?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This does not
come into conflict with it.
Mr. STUART. No doubt we may with the
concurrence of the other House and the President
—covering the whole legislative department of the
country—change a law; but, sir, when that law is
changed, each House again determines for itself
what the law is.
Mr. JOHNSON. My recollection of the pas-
sage of that law is this: The Senate itself intro-
duced the clause which cut off the constructive
milpage last Congress. This case is not affected
by that law at all—it is for constructive mileage
anterior to the time of the passage of the law.
Mr. STEVENS. It is for constructive mileage
of last March.
Mr. JOHNSON. After the law has passed?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well; I am unable to say
anything: in regard to that.
Mr. PITCH. Happening last Congress to be
on the Mileage Committee, this matter fell under
my observation, and I now rise merely for the
pupose of giving information correctly with re-
gard to this subject. A provision was introduced
by the Senate into some bill cutting off construc-
tive mileage for the sessions of the Senate that
may be called on the 4th of March, 1853, and on
the 4th dhy of March in every fourth year there-
after. The design was to prevent Senators from
drawing constructive mileage for that usual Exec-
utive session called after the inauguration of a new
President. Last year's session of the Senate was
not one of that character, and therefore does not
come under this provision of law. Senators chose
to avail themselves of the old law and drew their
constructive mileage.
Mr. STUART. I did not rise for the purpose
of discussing the propriety of any law, but simply
to state the fact, which I believe is, that this
House cannot control this question, and that this
House is not responsible for the pay of mileage to
members of the Senate. Each House determines
that question for itself.
Mr. GENTRY. This House can determine
the principle.
Mr. FITCH. So far as the existing law will
permit them, they can. But there is another thing
m relation to this question of mileage which it
may be as well to state. It is perfectly immate-
terial whether we admit or cut off the constructive
mileage of the Senators for their last session; for
even if we had it within our power to prevent
them receiving the money now, their karnes are
upon the record, and if they choose to, they may
at any time hereafter draw the amount to which
they are entitled should the regular appropriation
for mileage cover the amount. Instances have
occurred where it has been drawn years subse-
quently, and they will occur.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied the positions
assumed by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] and the explanation of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] of the law of 1851, are
correct. The law of the 3d of March, 1851, reads
as follows:
"Bert enacted fry the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America m Congress assembled,
That from and after the passage of this act, no member of
the Senate shall be entitled to receive compensation for his
attendance at the Senate, in the recess of Oongiess, during
such meeting of the Senate a* may be called on the 4th day
of March, 1853, and on the 4th day of March in every fourth
year thereafter, other than the eight dollars per diem for at-
tendance, now allowed by law: Provided, That tins act
shall not apply to a Senator, not a member of either House
of Congress at the expiration of the Congress preceding
such called session of the Senate."
The law makes the question plain.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
If I understand the chairman, the Senate have
added an appropriation of $50,000 to the bill. My
question of order is this: Whether the House,
there being a new appropriation added by the
Senate, can proceed to discuss and act upon it
until it shall have been first referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
I make the question with great deference, but it
seems to be one worthy of consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the rule of the
House very clearly, but unanimous consent was
given to consider the proposition.
Mr. FOWLER. I understood the consent of the
House waS) that we might hear from the chairman
the propositions that have been submitted by the
Senate, and not that we should proceed to con-
sider and act upon them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair's recollection of
the proceedings is, that the House gave its unani-
mous consent to the consideration of the amend-
ments proposed by the Senate. The House and
Chair have been acting upon that understanding.
Mr. FOWLER. If that is the understanding,
I waive my question of order. I did not so under-
stand; certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will again call the attention
of the House to a line in the law of March 3d,
3851:
"No member of the Senate shall be entitled to reccive
compensation for his attendance at the Senate, in theiecess
of Congress, during s>uch meeting of the Senate a<? may be
called on the 4th day of March, 1853, and on the 4th day
of March in every fourth year thereafter."
This session of 1851 was a called session, and
held before the law took effect according to its con-
ditions; so there can be no doubt about the law
authorizing Senators to take the mileage provided
for by the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This ques-
tion of constructive mileage is a mere construction.
The law allows them actual mileage, and is it not
competent for us at any time to refuse to make an
appropriation to any branch of this Legislature
for a demand for services never rendered ?
Mr. HOUSTON. This House has power to
do a great many things which I think it improper
for them to exercise. Now, the Committee of
Ways and Means this morning, although the bill
was not referred to them in terms, sent for and
acted upon these amendments. Their action, to
be sure, was informal; but that committee unani-
mously agreed to recommend a concurrence in the
action of the Senate, and therefore the passage of
the bill.
Mr. JONES. The Senate's amendment, with
reference to the constructive mileage, was not unan-
imously agreed to in the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I may be mistaken about
that. Probably the gentleman voted against that,
but the other recommendations were unanimous.
Under the inatructious of the committee, I shall
move to agree in the three instances, and to recede
in two instances.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw that motion,
and propose concurrence in the Senate's action,
and upon that motion demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
er 
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield to the gentle-
man to make an explanation, still holding my
right to the floor, however.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not accept the lib-
erty the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to extend to me, as a mem-
ber of this House, and I throw myself upon the
pleasure of the House, that he shall not call the
previous question upon me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is still upon the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understood the gentle-
man to tender to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question, for the purpose of allowing me to
make an explanation. I desire to reply that I
want to make some remarks with regard to the
appropriation for the Louisville custom-house. I
want to be heard upon that; and 1 want the House
to disagree to the amendment of the Senate in
that particular.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what thegen-
tleman means. I do not want, of course, to pre-
clude him from making his explanation. I want,
however, to retain the floor for the purpose of
getting this bill through.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Senate has become
suddenly economical, and, for the first time since
I have been in the public service, has reduced an
appropriation made by the House of Representa-
tives. We are told by the honorable chairman of
the Ways and Means, that in effecting this reduc-
tion in the c&se of the Louisville custom-house,
the Senate has merely cut down the appropriation
to the point recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and to the original intent of the law—
that the amount remaining for the erection of the
building at Louisville reimburses all that was ex-
pended from the original appropriation for the lot,
and that the amount cut off was an extravagance
into which I have led the House.
Mr. Speaker, the law ordered custom-houses,
&c., to be built at Louisville, St. Louis, Cincin-
nati, Pittsburg, Mobile in Alabama, and Norfolk
in Virginia. To each of the five points first named,
the sum of $75,000 were appropriated. I under-
stood at the time, it was designed that the ground
should be purchased, and the building erected
with the sum appropriated. But m the case of
Cincinnati, the Secretary so construed the law as
to allow $75,000 to be appropriated/or building
alone, regardless of the cost of the ground, while
at the other points the law was construed that
$75,000 was to cover the total expenditure, both
for the ground and building. The appropriation
for Mobile was $100,000, for Norfolk $50,000,
with a clear and explicit declaration that in each
case the appropriation should purchase the site
and erect the building. If the idea which guided
the committees of Congress was to restore merely
the expenditure which has been made for a site,!
should like to know from the honorable chairman
of the Ways and Means, who is a member from
Alabama, why the rule was not applied in the case
of Mobile? The expenditure for a site in that
town was only $12,500, but the appropriation this
year is $100,000 for the custom-house in addition
to $100,000 last year I should like to know why
the rule was not applied by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance in the Senate to the case
of Norfolk in Virginia, where nothing of the
