1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
appropriation of last year (§50,000) was spent and
no Rite has been purchased—no plan of ouilding
adopted, and for which $50,000 are now appro-
priated additionally without starting a question in
the committee of either House ?
Mr. Speaker, to this suggestion it will be replied
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
that the Secretary of the Treasury recommended
both the appropriations in the cases of Mobile and
Norfolk which have been voted. Yes, he did,
and I rejoice that he did so, expressly in the case
of Louisville, as will appear by the letter which I
now send to the Clerk'a table to be read to this
House, which letter was before the Senate com-
mittee when the reduction of the appropriation to
$16,000 was voted, and which letter had been ex-
hibited to the gentleman from Alabama and other
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
before they agreed to the reduction as made in the
Senate. The following is the letter:
Treasury Department, Jane 1, 1852.
Sib : In reply to your verbal inquiries-, with reference to
the progress that has been made towards the erection of a
building, in me city ot Louisville, for a custom-house, a
po-t ofhee, and oilier public olficot', I have to state :
j&t That commissioners were promptly appointed, to
bttleet a site for the budding, m order that the munitions of
th>5 Government might be ca.ned out without unnecessary
ck-Jay.
2d. That these commissioners selected a Jot, foi which
the Government has paid the sum ot $16,000.
3d. That architect*- wore publicly invited to submit plans
foi the building; and that two plan*- were received, one of
which I was willing to adopt, if the building could be elected
3ii accordance with it, dur.ibleand fire-proof, tor the balance
oi the appropriation, (viz* .^jI^UOU;) and,
4th. That specifications and estimates were called for,
from the aichitect by whom tins plan was submitted, which
specification^ nnd estmmtes have just been received.
According to tho>e, the bmldinjj can be erected of brick
mui wood lor the residue oi the appropriation on hand; but
lor a structure of stone and iron, substantial and tire proof
from bottom to top, an expenditure of $103,700 iv shown to
be neee^ary. A« a safe and duiable building is desired, I
would respectfully recommend an additional appropriation
by Con^iea* of the sum of .543,700, (or the puipoMj of con-
Btiuctunj the same according to the plans and specifications
above referred to.
i am, verv n^pcctfully, vour obedient servant,
T11(>S, COIUVLV, Scci clary of the Treasury.
Hon. Humphrey Marshall, llouscof Representatives.
I came to tins Iloase with that letter in my
possession, and asked for an appropriation of
$43,700 for the custom-house at Louisville, as the
Secretary recommended, and then the chairman of
the Wn ys and Means opposed me, but this House,
acting upon the recommendation of the Depart-
ment, unhesit >tmg!y voted the sum demanded, and
the>eup<>n Cincinnati, Pittsburg, St. Louis, and
N.nfoik ''itnie forwaiu through their Represent-
atives on this floor, and asked tlie appropriations
which weregranted them. Do you not know that
had this House refused the appropriation to the
Louisville custom-house which was asked by me,
it would also have refused the rest? Could Mobile
have received $100,000, or Norfolk $50,000, had
the appropriation to Louisvilie of $43,700 been
voted down in this House? Why, then, has the
Louiswl!e appropriation alone been selected as a
mailt !iv tl'e.ie committees? Why has the i ecom-
mendnt'oa of Mr. Corwin been followed in every
other case than that of my district5
Thei^entlemm from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
nttempt.s an explanation by referring to the re-
marks of t ,ie Secretary of the Treasury, in sub-
nutting his "amiu i! estima tes," ui which he says:
" The Depaitnir-nt ha-: plans for the cu^tom-hou>es at
I'ltt-hmx oii'i Louisville, which can probably be completed
!i>i the ab'u v -urn ot iiity thou-aiul dollar* each ; but it is a
matter ot yreaf doubt whethei it is either economy, or in
other re-pect- gond policy, to erect siu-h building as can
be con-tr!ii"cd u imin th.-.t limit It i* to bo recollected,
(hat in the- e building. U is intended to accommodate not
onlv the bu-tnes.< ot the <'ii--tom house, but also the post
office, United States courts, the land offices, independent
treasury, and an> oilier of the Federal ofIieei  who may he
located in tln?-e places res-per-nvciy
'' These citie- are increasing ^o rapidlv. that what might
bo consideieu Mitfiuent accommodations for the above pur-
pOb"d at thi-j tmi «v ill probablv be entnoiy inadequate m
the oon^e of o comp train e!y verv tew year-, and will then
requiro t<> b« extended or entirely rebuilt. It should also
be an indi.-ix-t^able r Mjuis>ue m all public bmldsnss to be
herealter pn.cted, that they should be perfectly hte-proot,
both from the interior and exterior; and it is but right
and proper mat -uen fctiucrure? .-hould not only well and
MiO-tanUri'iy built, but ^nouid, within le^oiicibh* limits, be
fin1'-hed ii> a hand- >:ne and ornamental manner, both inside
and out. That all the-,e lequisitcs cannot be obtained in a
buiidi'i^ oi t!«e n<'ce=?aiy c-jze, the cost of whicn i- limited
to tv ino.i-irtl dollar, i^v^ry apparent. Thathmitv oald
oblige the Dej'irtment to the use oi brick as a mammal. and
to aaopt plan-: wmcu, though called fhc-proof, are riot so
complexly *u>:h as should be the rase with all public
structure-. Building for the above purpose, m every way
suitable and proper, and with accommodations not only
sufficient for the present, but for the probable future wants
of the Government for a long period, can be erected and
furnished for seventy-five thousand dollars j and it is earn-
estly recommended that such increased appropriations
should be made. Another reason for granting this sum is,
that it would prevent what might be considered as an invid-
ious distinction between these two cities and those of Cin-
cinnati and St. Louis, where a larger amount has been ap-
propriated.
•k ff Congress, however, should not think it advisable to
grant that sum for Pittsburg and Louisville, contracts can
be made tor the buildings to cost not more than $50,U00
each, but for less than that amount the Department is con-
vinced that it would be inexpedient and injudicious, to at-
tempt the erection of them. On this footing an additional
appropriation of $16,000 would onlj be required for Pitts-
burg, as the balance remaining of the appropriation tor Lou-
isville exceeds §50,01)0."
Mr. Speaker, you will perceive, by reading this
communication from the Secretary, that only
$16,000 is asked for Pittsburg, and nothing for
Louisville—if it is the intention to erect houses
costing only $50,000; but it is advised that the ap-
propriations shall be expended in each case to
$75,000, because the Department then supposed
this sum would be sufficient to complete the plan
which the Secretary had in view, and which was
adopted for the Louisville custom-house. Subse-
quently, however, theSecretary received the work-
ing estimates from the architect whose design was
approved, and that person informed him that
$102,700 would be necessary to finish the house
upon the plan proposed. The Secretary then ad-
dressed the letter to me which has been read by
the Clerk, and recommended the appropriation
necessary to build the house upon the plan prop-
erly.
1 believe no plan for the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati or St. Louis has been adopted, and I ven-
ture the assertion that no plan will be executed in
either city for $75,000. The gentleman from Ala-
bama pursues the suggestion of the Secretary, that
$75,000 for the building will make all of our west-
ern cities exactly equal in the favors received from
Government, and therefore the additional appro-
priation asked for the Louisville custom-house
should be reduced from $43,700 to $1G,000. He
goes on the principle that "equality is equity,"
and proposes, 1 presume, to divide fairly among us.
.Now, sir, I eschew that principle and repudiate it
as a test of proper legislation. There is no reason
why the custom-houses in the several cities named
should be built upon the same plan, or should cost
exactly the same amount of money. We should
look at the wants of Government, at the probable
future of your business at these several localities;
and in arranging the buildings to be erected, we
should act with enlightened forecast to meet the
public wants, without regard to the particular
amount spent here or there. But, if the idea of
preserving equality, which the Secietary of the
Treasury suggested, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means repeated, is to be our
guide, it imports, necessarily, that the buildings
shall be on the same plan in each locality.
There remains a more difficult condition to be
met with m tins view. We must equalize the
w.u^es of labor and the prices of materials in each,
in order that an equal sum of money moy accom-
plish the same amount of work m each. The mere
suggestion of the idea exhibits the absurdity of
pursuing any such rule. But, sir, if it is to be
pursued, then be pleased to remember that £1:25,000
have already been appropriated for the custom-
house in Cincinnati, §100,000 for that at St. Louis,
$105,000 for that at Pittsburg; and if the appro-
priation I ask shall be granted, only $118,000 will
have been appropriated at Louisville. If the
commissioners at Cincinnati paid $50,000 for the
site, and those at Louisville only $16,000, surely
our economy of the fund which was placed at
oar disposal should not operate ng.iinst us. If
Cincinnatians have paid a high price for ground,
m order to erect their custom-house and post office
in the most conspicuous place, and the Louisville
people have taken an obscurer site, m order to erect
the finer house with the fund at their disposal,
each have exhibited the peculiarity of their taste,
and both should be indulged. If you mean to
treat them alike, when you now appropriate
$50,000 for Cincinnati, you should bestow upon
Louisville the same amount. Tnat is essential
upon the idea of equality, in order to avoid in-
vidious distinctions." But, sir, as I before re-
marked, there is nothing worthy of the American
Congress in that idea of equality, as applied to
these appropriations, and if there be, the commit-
tees have violated it by making an invidious dis-
tinction against the commercial city in my district.
They have disregarded, also, the recommendation
of the Secretary, as exhibited in the letter read at
the Clerk's table. Can it be that gentlemen will
apply to these buildings, which are intended for
post offices and court-rooms, as well as custom-
houses, their old rule that, because Cincinnati and
Louisville are in the interior, the appropriations
there should not be more than half as great to
accomplish the purpose as they would be if the
cities were situated on the sea-board ? I have
shown you the facility with which the committees
appropriate for Mobile and Norfolk, and how
they justify under the Secretary's recommenda-
tion. I show you how stringent they suddenly
become when the appropriation is m the interior,
and how they trample on the recommendation from
the Treasury in the case. Upon what principle do
these committees act ?
Mr. XIUNTER. What is the difference in the
whole amount proposed to be appropriated be-
tween Mobile and Louisville?
Mr. MARSHALL. The whole amount ap-
propriated to Mobile is $200,000. The whole
amount appropriated to Louisville will be §118,000.
I imagine that my district collects three or four
times as much revenue as the port of Mobile. We
collect $78,000 a year in duties at the portof Louis-
ville, and yet we are here higgling upon the ques-
tion whether you shall expend an additional
$27,000 upon the public buildings in Louisville.
1 am as much in favor of economy as any man,
but I desire to see it dispensed with a proper
hand, and m a proper manner. I trust that this
House, under the circumstances, will not com-
mence in their economy upon my city, but will
disagree to this amendment at least, and give me
the benefit of a committee of conference with the
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Lou-
isville [Mr. Marshall] ha.s argued his case as if
it were the Committee of Way^ and Means who
had made the discrimination of which he com-
plains. In that he mistakes. This amendment
originated in the Senate, and was intended not only
to destroy a discrimination in lus favor, but also
to reduce the appropriation to the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury. The gentleman very
well knows that I have been endeavoring to get for
him the §16,000 which he and the Secretary both
said wou'd be ample to build a suitable custom-
house in Louisville. I was in favor of giving it
to him, because, from the attention and investiga-
tion I had given the subject, I thought it necessary
and pioper. The Secretary of the Treasury pays
it iss necessary to appropriate this additional
$16,000, in order to buiid and properly furnish a
custom-house that shall be perfectly fire-proof,
both from the interior and exterior. 1 believe the
appropriation ought to be rr.a'Je, and endeav-
ored to get the Committee of Ways and Means to
come to the same conclusion. But while this mat-
ter (of these custom-houses) was under examina-
tion by the Committee of Ways and Means, the
Senate saw fit to act upon it, by providing for
three, and leaving out the others. I have a right
to speak of my own action in committee. My
course has been equally fair towards all the cut.-
tom-houses proposed at the various points; and if
the gentleman from Kentucky thinks otherwise,
he can confer with any member of that committee
on the subject. I stated, m the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, a few days since,
that these custom-houses should be completed;
and, while I believed it was improper to put any
of them in this bill, yet, if any of the appropria-
tions for custom-houses were to be retained, that
they all stood substantially upon the same footing,
and should all be rejected or retained. 1 do not
say they are all equally necessary as custom-
houses, for 1 do not so regard them; but, as they
have all had partial appropriations, they should
now have enough to finish them. I remain of that
opinion, but it seems the gentleman has changed
his mind. The Senate, as well as the Committee
of Ways and Aleaiu, in this instance, have kept
within the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and the document which hae been read
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] was never seen in the committee room. If
is a recommendation sent to the ge:i*!enkin him-
self, and, I presume, at his own instance. It is
true, it has been shown to me. within the last few
