44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
those ports, and in that way to destroy their eom-
merce.
I refer to these details not for the purpose of
commenting upon them; not of expressing an
opinion as to their efficiency, still less to intimate
any opinion of the correctness of their avowal;
but simply to show that it is not your sympathy
which Mr. Kossuth asks. It is not public honors
to himself which he seeks. No, sir, he comes here
to obtain from you a pledge to enforce the principle,
that no foreign Power shall be permitted to interfere
between the Hungarian people and the Austrian
Government in the event of a renewal of the con-
test. Are we prepared to give that pledge?
Whence do we derive our authority ? we have
ill these two Chambers the right to exercise all
legislative power which is conferred by the Con-
stitution: and among these powers is that of de-
claring war. Have we the power, under circum-
stances like the present, to pledge this Government
irredeemably, to a course of action which may lead
to war, and which must, in all human probability,
have that result?
I do not know what estimate is formed of the
character of the Emperor of Russia: it has not
been a subject of my study. But I can imagine
that if anything could arouse the feelings of an
individual to resistance against such interference
as is proposed, it would be the annunciation of the
principles that we, to them a trans-Atlantic Power
—a free people who have hitherto declared that,
while maintaining the principles of freedom within
our own limits, we abstain absolutely and entirely
from all interference with any other Government
—nay more, that we will allow (as some are dis-
posed to assert) no interference of any European
Power in the affairs of this Continent,—if any cir-
cumstance, I say, could arouse the feelings of the
individual who is at the head of the Russian Empire
to a degree which must inevitably result in war, it
would be the course which it is now proposed to
pursue. That this course is contrary to the set-
tled policy of the Government from its foundation,
X think no one will be disposed to deny. Our
Presidents and our Congresses have not hesitated
to express, m times past, their devotion to the
principle of civil liberty. They will not hesitate
now. But from the time of General Washington's
Farewell Address to the American people, down to
tne present moment, the principle of avoiding en-
tangling alliances with other nations—such as that
which I think must be the inevitable result of the
progress of these proceedings, if they should be
adopted—the principle of avoiding all interference
with the disturbances or convulsions of Europe,
has been uniformly and emphatically avowed.
I desire to ascertain fi om the American Senate—
according to the individual whom it is intended to
honor, on this occasion, all the merit which his
most enthusiastic admirers may be disposed to
claim for him—whether they are disposed to depart
from that principle of policy by adopting a meas-
ure which, in my judgment, necessarily involves
that departure ?
We are told of the interpretation which the civ-
ilized world has given to the mere act of invitation
which has been extended to this individual and
his associates, by sending for them a national ves-
sel; and if,after the avowals he has made in Eng-
land; if, after the declarations of the distinguished
American citizen to whom I have referred, and
which Mr. Kossuth says expresses all his feelings
and all his desires; if he after the declarations
which Kossuth has made after landing on our
shores; the distinction which he has drawn be-
tween the Government and the people; his avowal
of a determination to appeal to the people for the
active sympathy which he invokes in behalf of
his country; if after all this, which is perfectly
known to us, the Congress of the United States,
representing the thirty-one sovereign States of this
Union, and the twenty-five millions of people
which compose it, shall welcome him to the
shores of the United States in this formal man-
ner, do they not thereby impliedy acquiesce in
the object which he thus publicly and in advance
announces that he came here to accomplish ? Is
not that the very interpretation which the civilized
world will give it? He says to the American peo-
ple—and the declaration is before us while we are
agitating the question:
-< I do not come here to ask your sympathy. That is
gratifying, but valueless. I come here to invoke the aid of
the great American Republic to protect my people, peace-
ably, if they may, by the moral influence of their declara-
tions, hut forcibly if they must, by the physcial power
of their arm—to prevent any foreign interference in the
struggle about to be renewed for the liberties of my coun-
try. I atn a plain man. I am in a land ol freedom. I am
permitted to speak freely my sentiments. This is what I
ask. If this is accorded to me, I go home, and tlie liberties
not merely of Hungary but of Europe, are secured. If not,
I go with my countrymen alone to renew that struggle for
the achievement of our liberties."
This language is too distinct to be mistaken. If
this resolution passes, extending to him alone—
(departing from your invitation, for that included
his associates)—the welcome which it proposes,
after these declarations of the object for which he
comes here, the civilized world will be much more
authorized than they were by the invitation which
has been referred to by the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] to conclude that the welcome
to Governor Kossuth implies a pledge that we will
interpose, if necessary, and in the manner he de-
sires, for the protection of the Hungarian nation.
In my judgment this inference is irresistible; and
if it be not, yet if it occasion doubt; if it result in
producing opposition to this resolution in its pres-
ent form; if gentlemen do believe (and 1 doubt
not that, they are sincere in the declaration) that
this is a mere testimonial of the respect and good
will of the people of the United States toward a
distinguished advocate of the cause of civil liberty,
they will not hesitate to accept the amendment
which 1 shall submit, and which is simply calcula-
ted to exclude this conclusion. I desire, in the first
place, by the amendment which I shall propose, to
fulfill the expectations which were reasonably cre-
ated by the invitation, by extending this resolution
to the associates of Governor Ivossuth. The inter-
position of the American Government in behalf of
these captives was not confined to that individual
alone: it extended to all his associates in captivity.
The invitation to our shores equally embraced
them all. If, therefore, we are acting in fulfill-
ment of the obligations created by that invitation,
we must not confine the resolution to Governor
Kossuth, but must extend it to his associates. To
him and to them, to the full extent of my consti-
tutional powers, I am willing to afford an asylum
within the limits of the United States, and to pro-
vide all the means of making that asylum com-
fortable. But I should be unfaithful to my duty
as ail American Senator, according to the convic-
tions of my judgment, if I suffered any zeal for
the advancement of the principle of civil liberty
on the other side of the Atlantic to induce me to
jeopard the safety and the vital interests of the
country which is my own; to which I owe my
first, entire, and absolute allegiance. I am unwil-
ling, therefore, to leave it to implication, that by
this reception, under these circumstances, we
have entered into a pledge that by the exertion of
moral, and, if necessary, of physical force, we
will protect the people of Hungary from all for-
eign interference upon the renewal of their strug-
gle. Such a pledge once given would be irrevoca-
ble. It could not be violated without dishonor.
It could not be redeemed without putting in jeop-
ardy the best and most vital interests of our coun-
try.
These are the views which I entertain on this
subject, and, in accordance with them, I propose
to amend the resolution by adding to it the fol-
lowing:
" Jlnd be it further resolved, That tlie welcome tlius af-
forded to Louis Kossuth be extended to his associates who
have landed on our shores; but while welcoming these
Hungarian patriots to an asylum in our country, and to tlie
protection which our laws do, and always will aff'ord to
them, it is due to candor to declare that it is not the purpose
of Congress to depart from the settled policy of this Gov-
ernment which forbids all interference with the domestic
concerns of other nations."
Mr. HALE. I am desirous that the resolution
shall pass, but I am not so desirous that this reso-
lution shall pass that I am willing, in order to ob-
tain that, to resign what I believe to be any of the
privileges of a Senator. With great deference to
the Chair, I look upon its decision as being in
contravention of that right; and before I sit down
I intend to take an appeal, and quote author-
ity from the Manual, -which I think sustains me.
I refer to the decision that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] to the
resolution of the Senator from New York [Mr.
SewIrd] is out of order. But before I proceed to
do this, 1 wish to say a word or two upon that
question in the aspect in which it is now presented;
and 1 beg leave to assure the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] that I use words
with no sectional, no hidden, no sinister meaning.
I will endeavor to use as pure English as I call
collect, and use English in the acceptation which
it has as far South as civilization extends, and
without any qualifications at all.
I am desirous that the resolution shall pass, and
I am so desirous that it shall pass that I shall in-
terpose no amendment, because the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] thinks that,
on a former occasion, an amendment which I had
the honor to propose operated very fatally upon
the resolution which he introduced. My own
opinion is, that the amendment lost strength by
being tiicked on to his resolution; and if 1 had in-
troduced it as an original measure it would have
passed. But to come to tins resolution. I want
to speak to what seems to me to be a great objec-
tion to it, and that is, that it wants precedent.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator gave notice
that he was about to appeal from the decision of
the Chair. If the debate goes on, he will be to.o
late to take an appeal. The decision of the Chair
is considered as acquiesced in, unless an appeal is
immediately taken. When the Senator from Geor-
gia rose, the Chair requested him to give way in
order that an appeal might be taken. But the
Chair will still receive the appeal; though, if the
discussion goes on, it will be too late to take an
appeal.
Mr. HALE. Yielding to the wishes of the
friends of the resolution around me, I will not take
an appeal, but I hope this decision will not be taken
as a precedent. I deem it wrong; but I shall sub-
mit to the wrong for the present, for the purpose of
getting to a greater good, and that is, the consid-
eration of this resolution. I want to address my-
self to the objection that this resolution wants
precedent. It is said that the only precedent which
can be found was the case of the reception given
to the Marquis de Lafayette. A very eloquent
eulogy was passed on the sacrifices and services
which that distinguished individual made in the
attainment of the liberties of this country, which
entitled him to the reception which he received
when he visited our shores, something more than
a quarter of a century since. Now, I want^o take
this very case of Lafayette, and see if it is not a
case in point. I ask you, sir, if, when the idea
was first suggested to the mind of Lafayette that
here was to him a trans-Atlantic people—an ocean
wider, for all practical purposes, by thousands of
miles, then than now, was between him and this
trans-Atlantic people, who had risen up with the
energy of freemen and were asserting their rights,
and struggling to maintain the declaration which
they had made—if Lafayette, instead of acting
with that noble and disinterested chivalry with
which he threw himself into the contest without
waiting to see whether fortunate or adverse cir-
cumstances attended those who were struggling
here—if, instead of obeying the generous impulses
of his own nature, he had begun to study the
musty records of the monarchy of France to find
a precedent, how long would it have been before
he would have thrown his fortunes and his life
into the scale in which he ventured his all? Sir,
many, many centuries would have elapsed before
he would have found a precedent for the course
which he then took. He found that precedent by
the occasion, and the occasion made the precedent.
Another word as to precedents, as applicable to
us. What has been the history of the United
States? Why, instead of following precedents,
they have been making precedents.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Presidents.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi says we have been making Presidents. I
suppose the word precedents sounds so much like
presidents, that the Senator from Mississippi can-
not hear it without its calling up some other asso-
ciations than those, as the only ones which belong
to the occasion.
Mr. FOOTE. I would simply say, that know-
ing that the gentleman himself had at one time
aspirations for the Presidency, I thought it pos-
sible that that was in his mind when he made use
of the word; particularly as I understood him dis-
tinctly to pronounce the word presidents.
Mr. HALE. In dictionaries, and precedents,
and pronunciation, I yield to the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] but in nothing
else. I think it is a little ungenerous in the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, who comes here from fields
in which he has so successfully combatted those
