THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
numerous stores and a magazine upon the south
side; one mile from the location of his barracks;
and thus he occupied both sides of the island, and
in pursuance of his orders of course. It was
utterly impossible for him to permit the citizens to
remain "on the island under civil law, and to allow
Magistrates to hold courts within his" own barracks,
carrying out the laws of Florida within those bar-
racks. JHe found it necessary, in the'execution of
his orders, to prohibit this.
The testimony of one of the naval officers, Cap-
tain Mix, who was at that time present, when
Key West was taken possession of, is this:
Unite® States Frigate Hudson, }
New York, March 3, 1834. £
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 10th of February, 1 can
only jnake the following brief remarks:
I was in command of tlie store-ship Decoy, in the year
1824, and landed n large quantity of public storp« and pro-
visions? at Key Wen, or Thompson's Island. That island
was at the abov«?-stated period under the command of a
naval officer, who had the entire control of it, and cxcrciscd
entire authority over it, aud all the property on it, directing
what part should be built upon, &c.
Wood and water were at all times supplied by the island,
'■during this tune I was theie—say two months. The wood
was cuf*by the men belonging to the squadron. Of your
question respecting the sheep and liogs, I know nothing.
Undoubtedly salt might have been made in large quantities;
hut of the profit it would have afforded, or of the value of
the island, \ am unable to speak.
I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,
M. D. MIX,
Master Commandant United States Navy.
J. Whitehead, Esq.
This is the testimony of a commander in the
Navy, who participated in the duties of that naval
station. He was one of the officers of Commo-
dore Porter; and he tells you that in obedience to
his orders, Commodore Porter occupied the whole
island, and the owner of the island was allowed to
use only so much as Commodore Porter permitted.
Whose testimony could be better than that of an
officer of the Government, who, if he had any
sympathy with either party, would not certainly
have it for the inhabitants of the island ? Another
of these officers, Mr. Morehead, who was left on
the island in command, when Commodore Perry
first took possession, and left the island, says:
u Commodore Porter's authority was exercised as posi-
tively on the island as on any of his vessels. He unhesi-
tatingly used such portions of it as in his opinion the public
service requires."
That is the testimony of an officer who was left
in command of the island, and who, of all wit-
nesses on the face of the earth, is most competent
to testify; for he was left in command under Com-
modore Porter, and he tells you that Commodore
Porter exercised authority over the island pre-
cisely as over his own vessel; that he unhesitat-
ingly used such discipline as the public service
required.
bomethin^ has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, calculated to beget the idea
that there was a quiet acquiescence in the acts of
Commodore Porter on the part of the inhabitants
of the island. The inhabitants of the island knew
very well that Commodore Porter was acting in
conformity with his authority; because he had
proclaimed his authority, and told them that he
took possession in the name of the United States,
and he erected a standard there which remained
three years. They required no further proof of
his authority; and they entered several personal
protests in consequence of quarrels, which were
daily occurring between the inhabitants and the
officers. One among their numerous protests was
formally entered by P. C. Green & Co., addressed
to the officers at Key West, as follows:
"You have this day, at the head of a guard of marines i
taken a mason, a free citizon of the United States, who is 1
employed by us, and confined him in the guard-hous^, for 1
obeying our orders in laying the foundation of a warehouse j
upon our own soil or property. You have also placed a !
sentinel on the spotto prevent the continuance of our object. ;
"We hereby demand the immediate release of the'said '
mason, John Cobourne, and the removal of the sentinel
fiom our premises, which, if refused, will result in serious
damage to us. You are also notified by this letter, that fur
the two acts complained of, besides others equally ilh^al
committed by you, we shall make you amenable to the laws
of our country. We regret that you should have preferred
the imprisonment of a helpless, innocent man, acting undei
our orders, to the execution ol your threats towards us per-
sonally.
" You have exhibited us no order from Commodore Por-
ter to justify your proceedings this day towards us. On a
rcfereuee to his order, dated Auiru^t 18111,1834, we perceive
that-he there 'considers our right to improve dependent
entirely on Jus ideas of the good onniurv which may result
theretiom to the United State*;5 ami, a? he informed us,
we were to be depnved of the Jot in question Joi other pm-
poses than the Navy required. We have reason to believe
that you have acted without his orders, merely foi the grati-
fication of your malice against us. Whether or not you
act from superior orders, we admit no person's right to
issue or execute them, when we are thereby to be deprived
of,our property.
" It is well known that we are the owners of this island,
the titles to which are undisputed except by Commodore
Porter; and we can see no consistency or propriety in
driving us by force from the enjoyment of our property, to
give it to favorite individuals."
This, sir, is only one of the numerous ^protests,
one of the exhibitions of the quarrels going on
day after day, resulting from the occupation of the
island against the right of the proprietors. As to
the ownership of the island, we all know that it
was a private Spanish grant, long before its occu-
pation by Commander Perry; a grant with which
our Government could not interfere, except for the
purposes of eminent domain. That was the only
right which our Government had to the land, under
the treaty with Spain. In pursuance of this pro-
test, when Commodore Porter returned to the
island, the same parties addressed to him another
protest, dated January 25,1825. It is as follows:
" Sir, during your absence, Lieutenant Varnum has, by
military torce, caused us to suspend the building of a ware-
house on the lot adjoining our counting-house. We were
necessarily obliged to encroach upon the lot south of us by
five or six feet, which we conceived we were authorized
to do by you, in the conversation our Mi. Gieene had with
yoti on the subject, previous to yoin departure.
" The gentleman to whom the said lot is given by you is
willing we should take the few feet lequired; and as they
aie about laying the foundation of their warehouse, you
will oblige us by giving such orders as will enable us to
receive them.
" With great respeet, your obedient servant,
"P. C GUERNE&CO.
" Commodore Porter, Commander-in chief."
This letter bears evidence on its fare that the
proprietors were obliged to consult the officers of
the Government, before they could dare to occupy
their own soil. Commodore Porter's reply was
in these terms:
United States Ship John Adams, )
Thompson's Ist.an , January 28, 1825. )
(tENti.fmpv: T hnve reeeived yours of thw date. Tn
conversation with Mr. Greene, I gave him permission to
build a store within the limits of the niclosure occupied by
jou. and of the same length as the one adjoining the navy-
yaid; the ground outside, and to the south of your mclo-
sure, I reserved lor the use of the United States, whenever
it might be thought proper to build a custom house store:
it was not given to any individual, nor had any individual
a right to relinquish it to you. I should not have felt my-
selt justifiable in allowing any one to occupy a piece of
ground for private puiposes, so necessary for the public use.
The permitfsion I gave to Mr. Greene is still continued, be-
cause it wa& given; but, without entering into any discus-
sion as to your claims to the island, or without making any
remark'! on the nature of your letter toLioutenant Varnum,
I take this occasion to observe, that by a correct and decorous
deportment, and a disposition to accommodate j ourselves
to eircumstanccs that you cannot control, you will find it
moj-t to your interests, duimg the existence of a military
foiee on the island, to pursue a hue of conduct very differ-
ent from that which jou have thought pioper to adopt.
Lieutenant Varnum's conduct bus met with my appro-
bation; and if he does his duty, as I believe he will, he
will always u<«e a military foice when the public interests
cannot be piotected by other means.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. PORTER.
Messrs, P. U. Greene, & Co., Merchants, Thompson's
Island.
Now, there wag a proprietor of the soil, who, in
the occupation of his own property and in erecting
a warehouse, had his own workmen arrested and
put in prison by military officers, and he wag in-
formed by those acting under the Government,
that military force would be used when the rights
of the Government could not be protected without
it.
Now, in the course of proof as to the occupation
of the land and as to its value, I will state that the
documents are full and distinct as to the time it
was occupied, as well as the purposes for which
it was occupied. The testimony of John Patrick,
who was a member of the mercantile house of
Jenners &. Patrick, says:
"That he was a member of the commercial houseof Jen-
ners & Patrick, which was established at Key West in
December, 1824, anil which continued to do business there
until the hitter part of 18-26, or the beginning ot 18'27.
<• To the second he saith that it was military; the island
being under the charge of the United States naval com-
mander of the West India station, who claimed it as the
property of the United States."
Now, we have here a number of interrogatories
put to a Mr. W. H. Hall, the third of which is
very important, as to whether the progress of the
town was checked in consequence of its occupation
by the United States; and to this he answers "that
' the improvement of the island was checked, inas-
« much as the citizens were permitted to build only
4 on such spots as the United States officer in com-
1 mand pleased to designate."
1 will not occupy the time of the Senate by read-
ing further from these documents. I am satisfied
that this matter is generally very uninteresting to
the Senate; but I felt, constrained to read these so
far, because I consider that they embrace all the
proof necessary to establish the allegation of the
claimant, and that the whole of this island was
taken possession of by the United States. The
whole island is only four and a half miles long,
and there was but one portion of it which was
susceptible of occupancy at all, and that was the
portion on which the town was built. No other
portion of the island has ever been occupied for
any purpose whatever. It was that identical spot
of which Commodore Porter took possession. But
he took possession of the whole island, and so did
Commander Perry, and he did not go beyond his
authority in doing so.
The next question to be considered is, whether
they ever received any pay for this occupancy?
If the honorable Senator from Delaware can show
that a single dollar has been paid for the occu-
pancy of this island, I will not say another word
in support of this claim. But I allege that the Gov-
ernment has never paid one cent for it, nor for any
property taken, except for the wood, which is
stated in the memorial. All they ask is that Con-
gress—which has had this claim before it for
years and years, and after being for years before
the Navy Department—will investigate the claim,
and pay whatever is found to be due. It is
true, that since 1825 Government has purchased
the real estate; but they came in as other private
purchasers. The island was divided among nu-
merous proprietors, and among others, a Mr.
Fleming, of Boston, P. C. Greene, of Rhode Island,
and John Whitehead, and others, came in and
purchased, under these sub-proprietors, various
lots on the island. One was beyond the town upon
which was the military station—a lot that never
had been occupied before; and another lot was
purchased for a marine ^hospital. But they pur-
chased from the sub-proprietors, who were pro-
prietors under Simonton. Butfor the occupancy
of three years, upon which this memorial is based,
not a single dollar has been paid.
Now, here is a case of private property taken
for public use. And what was that use? Why,
the occupation of the island, which resulted in the
complete suppression of piracy in the Gulf of
Mexico. When Commodore Porter left those
seas, there was not a pirate m the gulf, because
from the geographical position of this island, and
its furnishing a harbor which the fleet could leave,
and reach Cuba in a single night, every facility was
had for preventing the escape of any piratical ves-
sel.
Besides, there were other advantages connected
with its occupancy which made it an object of
great national importance. Such being the fact,
it being conceded that this was private property
taken for public use, and it being so held for three
years, that the proprietors of the soil were pre-
vented from occupying a single foot but by the
permission of the officers of the United States,
and all this being done under orders issued from
the Government of the United States, by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, with the cognizance of the
President of the United States, I ask what objec-
tion can there be to paying for it? If the Senate
cannot come to a conclusion as to the precise sum
which ought to be paid, what objection can there
be to sending it to the proper officers of the Treas-
ury Department, and permitting them to examine
the claim and ascertain what ought to be paid ?
Why, sir, a doubt upon the propriety of doing
so can only be based upon a doubt of the proper
conduct of the accounting officers, particularly
when,as the Senatorfrom Delaware has observed,
Congress has refused to establish aboard of claims.
Now, as to the new point raised by the Senator
from Delaware, that a stain will rest on the char-
acter of Commodore Porter if this bill is passed,
I see nothing in it. Commodore Porter did not
perform a single unauthorized act, not an act
which the orders of the Navy Department did not
justify him la doing—not one which was not
known at the Navy "Department at the time, or
shortly after. And for the three years during
which the island was occupied by the officers of
the Government, the Department was cognizant of
the fact; and that fact of the cognizance and re-
