1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9.' 7
cognition of the act by the Department and the
President of the United States, would be alone jn
law, a sufficient justification. If he were replying
to the charge of having violated legitimate author-
ity, all he would need would be to show that
Government stood by and encouraged him, and
that he was their agent, and what they did by
their agent they did by themselves.
Now, all that is required by these claimants,
after twenty years' delay on the part of Congress
with regard to a claim, than which I have never
seen one more fully entitled to consideration, and
all I ask is, that these parties may go before the
proper accounting officers, and show what is due
them from the Government, and take what is con-
sidered just and right.
Mr. ADAMS. At the time that the Govern-
ment took possession of this island, was it done
by the consent of the owners? Again: I would
like to know how long it was before the matter
came before Congress, and what amount of money
they received, and of what value was the land at
the time it was taken possession of by the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. MALLORY. Some of these questions I
have it not 111 my power to answer. The honor-
able Senator from Mississippi will see, fioni the
evidence of the documents to which I have re-
ferred, that the proprietors of the island were not
consulted, because their proprietorship was not
allowed. The orders were peremptory. They
were issued from the Navy Departmental Wash-
ington, while the proprietors of the island were at
Key West. It was an island which was totally
beyond our commercial relations until about that
period. A largeharbor is there, with about twen-
ty-six feet of water, weil calculated for a large
naval depot, and this fact was noticed before the
order was issued to take possession of it. Gov-
ernment never admitted tiie right of the Spanish
grant. They claimed it as a part of the public land;
and with this idea Commodore Porter occupied the
island, contending that it was part of iheterritory
ceded to the United States by Spain, and with that
view he took it as the property of the United
States, and took possession of it in the name and
on behalf of the Government. That very act ex-
cluded the proprietors from setting up any title to
the soil. I have no doubt that the people there
were glad of the presence of a naval force of the
United States there: but they had no desire to see
it extended to the entire occupation of the island
to the exclusion of the manufacture of salt and the
progress of all other business.
As to the value of the land, when the United
States took possession of it, that would depend
upon the object to which it could be applied. In
the minds of some Senators, it might have had
no value at all. I understand that it cost the pro-
prietors about &52,0U0; but I have no proof of that.
I suppose, however, that the proof may be ob-
tained. It is now of immense value, being the
site of one of the largest towns in the State of
Florida. It is more favorably situated for a naval
depot than any other place in the Southern coun-
try, and it will amply prove itself so before many
years pass away. As Commodore Porter ob-
served, the first naval contest in which we were
engaged, must necessarily be in the neighborhood
of tins island; and hence its vast importance and
value. As an illustration of its value, and as an
inducement to the Government to take possession
of it, I will mention that he stated that the Gulf j
of Mexico might be compared to a demijohn ,
unon its side, with New Orleans at the base of it
and Cuba and Key West at the opposite sides of j
its neck, and all the commerce, which in 1852 i
will amount to $300,000,000, embracing sixteen !
to eighteen hundred thousand bales of cotton, must j
come through this narrow strait between this island !
and the Florida shore, which six steamships may ,
bridge across and speak each other every fifteen j
minutes. Key West commands this narrow strait, ,
through which the whole commerce of the South- j
wesiand the Valley of the Alississipp nmstneces- :
su-ily pass. This was, no doubt, o e of the coil- j
siderations which induced these ; lopiietors to j
possess themselves of it. In thai point of view, '
the island is of immense value and importance, ,
as a naval depot, and if the Government took
possession of it on the ground of eminent do- ;
mam, it certainly ought to be paid for. When
the proprietors took it. it might, perhaps, be said
to have had little value; but now its value is such
that i t is impossible to ascertain it; and what course
the Department will adopt for the purpose of as-
certaining that value, I cannot say, for I have no
means of knowing. All that I desire is, that some
show of an investigation should be made. As to
hog3 and sheep, &c., I am willing to strike them
out of the consideration. The wood was paid for;
but the Government took possession of the soil.
It was private property, taken for public purposes,
and certainly ought to be paid for.
Mr. ADAMS. Myobjectin making theinquiry
was this: I was not sufficiently informed of the
facts connected with this transaction as to justify
me in supporting the bill; but it occurred to me
from the debate that this property was valueless
to the proprietors until the act, now alleged to be
an outrage and a tiespass, gave it value. If this
very occupation gave it value, and if it was occu-
pied by the Government of the United States with
the consent of the owners, it seems to me that
they have been fully compensated. I came to that
conclusion from the suggestion in one of the reports
which was read, that the very name of the island
was given at the suggestion of one of the propri-
etors. 1 also understood that the attention of the
Department was first called to the island by one
of the proprietors, and therefore I inferred, that
the occupation was by the consent of the propri-
etors. It seems to me that the occupation itself
must have given value to the island. The pro-
prietors have also received compensation for the
wood which was used. I would ask the Senator
what amount of compensation they received for
their wood ? I suppose it must have been a pretty
large sum, perhaps as much as the island would
ever have been worth, but for its occupation by
the Government.
Mr. MALLORY. They received only §3,000
or §4,000 for the wood which was used.
Mr. ADAMS. I am opposed to referring such
questions—a question of unliquidated damages—
damages for insult offered to the proprietors by
the confinement of their laborers—to the decision
of the head of a Department. If the damage al-
leged has been sustained, we ourselves should fix
the amount of it. There is one thing to which I
would call the attention of the Senate, and that is
the delay in this case. The transaction took place
twenty-four years before there ever was a favor-
able report upon it. The Government, of course,
cannot be controlled by the statute of limitations;
but as time passes away, the evidence against a
claim dies, while the evidence in favor of a claim
is continually increasing ill strength, as a thousand
other claims before this body will justify. It seems
to me that it is the duty of the Senate to retrieve
its character in regard to these claims. It is a
common saying outside of these walls, that if a
claim can be got through the House of Represent-
atives, there will be no difficulty m the Senate. It
is time, I think, that we should insist upon having
good evidence to support these claims before we
pass them.
Mr. MALLORY. I think my friend from
Mississippi will see, at a glance, that one position
which he has taken is untenable. He assumes
the fact that the land was valueless before its oc-
cupation by the United States. I have not said
one word that justifies that idea; and if he had read
the reports made by the Naval Committee, he
would have seen, at once, that it was by no means
valueless; that it had a rapidly increasing popula-
tion; that it had large mercantile houses; that
those houses had established themselves to do a
large business with Cuba, and the other West In-
dia Islands: that large warehouses and wharves
were being rapidly built; that extenshe prepara-
tions were being made for the manufacture of salt
011 a large scale; and, if I recollect aright, the duty
on salt at that time was ten cents a bushel. There
is a large natural salt pond upoti the island, which
has been worked, to some extent, almost ever
since Commodore Porter left there. All these
operations were interfered with.
The Senator has adverted to the change of the
name of the island oi Key West. Why, the
name was changed accouimg to that proclivity
which the officers of the Government have when-
ever they take possession of private property for
public use. They have a great pioc3i\ity to
change well-estkblished names of prhate suivey-
ors, and give them mimes of absolutely no mean-
in0* at all. The whole Florida coast is illustrative
ofthis. The name of the island was originally
Cayo Hueso.. The British changed the name into
Key West. Not satisfied with that, when the
American officers took possession, they changed
the name to Thompson's Island, without regard
to its geographical position. Now, if that be any
illustration of the valuelessnessof the island, I am
at a loss to perceive it.
Mr ADAMS. I understood, from the report,
that the name of the island was changed at the in-
stance of the proprietors, or with their consent.
Mr. MALLORY. It may have been changed
with their consent. The truth is, they were in a
position in which their consent or non-consent
could not have had the slightest influence; because
they were told by the rearing of the standard of
the United States, and the proclamation of Com-
modore Porter, that the island belonged to the
| United States, and that they had no right to it.
: But we are asked here, whether these parties have
not been compensated by the consequent advan-
tages derived from the occupation of the island.
If the Government will not pay for private prop-
I erty on account of the consequent advantages
t which they derive from the occupation of it—if
consequent advantages are to be discussed here at
| all—we might show that millions upon millions of
j dollars have been saved to the Umted^States by
| the occupation of that very island; because it en-
j abled them to suppress piracy, and it was the only
station from which they could radiate to effect that
; purpose. The consequent advantages were enor-
| mous. But we have stricken out the clause of the
j bill allowing these parties to be paid for the con-'
| sequent advantage to the Government; and it
( stands now disclaiming anything like a claim for
| consequential damages. Then, we are not to be
i told that we must be charged consequent damages
] arising from the occupation of the island. That
; is a position which, I think, is untenable.
j Air. BAYARD. Mr. President, I had sup-
' posed that it would have been unnecessary forme
! again to go into the facts of the case. I did not
suppose that it would again be necessary for me
to advert to the circumstances of the case; but I
differ so widely from the honorable Senator from
Florida, as to many of the facts, that I should
think it a falsification of duty to both myself and
i the Senate, if I permitted many of the statements
I made by him to go uncontradicted. I believe that
j many of these statements are not supported by
! the evidence. I understand that the principle of
! law laid down by Mr. Legare is not denied on the
j other side, that if Commodore Porteracted beyond
i the scope of his authority, (and the damages
1 claimed are for acts of that kind,) the Govern-
. ment clearly is not responsible. But the Senator
I tells us, that though the terms of the order of
i the Secretary of the Navy may not have justified
; the acts done by Commodore Porter, according to
| the literal language of the order; yet, the Govern-
ment acquiesced m his acts, and acquiescing with
! a knowledge of them, was equivalent to aprevious
| order, and that, therefore, the Government must
be considered as having sanctioned these acts.
Conceding that principle, my answer to it is plaifi
—the Government never knew of any of those acts
at all.
The Senator from Florida, (on what ground, to
me is utterly inscrutable,) at the very close of
his remarks, made a broad statement of facts—J
believe I took the words correctly—that no act of
Commodore Porter was unauthorized—that all
his acts were known to the Secretary of the Navy
at the time, or shortly afterwards. In this case,
though a report is stated to have been made favor-
able to the claim in the House of Representatives,
in 1847, and again in 18<18, and now by the pres-
ent committee of the Senate in 1852, yet the fact
| is entirely kept out of view, that in 1834 this case
!! was rejected on precisely the same evidence as
II regards all the causes of complaint that we now
!! have. The fact cannot be denied, that the only
!' additional evidence which has now been brought
j, forward is simply affidavits as to the value ofthis
|; island. All the evidence in regard to alleged
>' grievances—the ground of the complaint—was be-
j fore Congress m 1834. It was then referred to
!: the Secretary of the Navy, and reported upon by
him on the same testimony that the claim was
afterwards reported upon by the Committee of the
Senate, and rejected. I shall presently read the
report of the Secretary of the Navy on this ques-
tion of fact, between the Senator from Florida and
myself. I can find nothing in the documents to
