1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
days, by the gentleman from Kentucky; but it
never has been before the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I showed it to you as
chairman of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am unable to say in what
capacity the gentlemen intended me to see it. I
do not, however, regard it as a recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury to this House, or
to the Committee of Ways and Means. But my
friend from Kentucky says they collect more rev-
enue at Louisville than at the port of Mobile.
Mr. Speaker, 1 fear he has not looked into the
matter. Why did he not state how, and under
what circumstances, the revenue is collected at
Louisville and Mobile respectively, and the differ-
ence in the duties of the collectors at each point?
Where are the duties performed—I mean to ask,
where are the services rendered upon which the
revenue is collected at Louisville? Is it at Louis-
ville? Not at all; all that is done by the collector
at Louisville is to receive the money. Louisville
is a port of delivery, and not a port of entry; and
every box or package of goods that goes to Louis-
ville, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, St. Louis, or any
other port above New Orleans, is entered at New
Orleans, inspected there, and every particle of the
work necessary to clear them through the custom-
house is performed in New Orleans, except the
mere collection of the money; and the money is
received by the surveyor at Louisville on a state-
ment or certificate from the collector at New Or-
leans. The surveyor of the customs at Louisville
then takes the certificate of the collector at New
Orleans and examines whether the packages and
certificates correspond, receives the money, and
issues his permit for the delivery of the goods.
Mr. MARSHALL. Suppose a thousand bags
of coffee are imported direct to Louisville, or any
other interior port, I ask the gentleman what sort
of handling and what sort of inspection they un-
dergo at New Orleans, or any other exterior port
at which they may be introduced into the country?
and whether they cannot be warehoused, under
the law, after they reach the city of Louisville?
Mr. HOUSTON. Just precisely the same sort
of handling, inspection, and labor they would un-
dergo if there were no port at Louisville, or such
interior point; the only thing from which the col-
lector at the exterior port would be relieved would
be the handling of the money. The gentleman
says that the goods may be stored at Louisville;
but does he maintain that that would devolve labor
to any amount upon the surveyor there? Besides,
this provision does not provide at al) for a ware-
house at Louisville.
Mr. MARSHALL. I state to the gentleman
from Alabama, that nothing is more needed at
Louisville than a warehouse.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be; but I say, and
the fact is beyond controversy, that this amend-
ment does not propose to erect a warehouse for
Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to state, that the very buildings now pro-
posed to be erected by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury at each of these ports, are all to have pro-
vision made for the storage of goods. It is the
practice now at each of them, to receive and store
goods.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken;
the very reverse of what he says is correct. The
plans and estimates which are before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means show no such thing.
Mr. MARSHALL. I state to the House, with
the gentleman's permission, that the plan and es-
timate for the building at the city of Louisville,
do provide for rooms in that building for the pur-
pose of storing goods under the public warehousing
system.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not seen the plan and
estimate for the custom-house at Louisville, be-
cause it was passed at the last Congress, and there-
fore the plans were not called for by us. But the
Committee of Ways and Means Have called for
plans of several that were before them this ses-
sion, and I have seen others at the Treasury De-
partment, and not oneof those plans containsany
provision for the storage of goods, and I feel very
confident that the gentleman is mistaken. As I
said before, the whole of this labor is performed at
New Orleans, with the exception of the mere re-
ceiving of the money and retaining it or paying it
over, according to orders.
Now, sir, in Norfolk and Mobile it is very dif-
ferent; they arepoi'ts of entry as well as delivery,
and goods are brought to those ports from foreign
countries direct, are entered, inspected, and all the
labor is performed there just as it is at New York,
Boston, or New Orleans. There is th erefore some
reason why the buildings should be larger, and
necessarily more costly at those ports. You have
at Mobile a collector, a deputy collector, several
clerks, weighers, gaugers, measurers, thirteen in-
spectors, and all the other officers necessary to
execute the revenue laws of the country.
But, sir, X must hasten on. 1 will show you
that the Secretary of the Treasury says he can
build a house at Louisville that will answer the
purpose very well, for $59,000. Here is his re-
i commendation, and it is the only one that is before
I Congress, except the letter which the gentleman
! from Kentucky has read, and which he drew out
of his pocket—I will not say his breeches pocket,
for I believe letters come from coat pockets now-
adays. [A laugh.] I will read what the Secre-
tary of the Treasury says in regard to the custom-
houses at Louisville and Pittsburg:
is convinced that it would be inexpedient and injudicious
to attempt the erection of tfaem. On this footing an addi-
tional appropriation of $10,000 would only be required for
Pittsburg, as the balance remaining of the appropriation for
Louisville exceeds $50,000."
" The Department has plans for the customhouses at
Pittsburg and Louisville, which can probably bo completed
for the above s-um of .§50,0 JO each; but it is a matter otgi eat
doubt whether u is either economy, or in other respects
good policy, to erect such buildings as can he constructed
within that limit. It is to be recollected that, in these build-
ings, it is intended to accommodate not only the business of
the custom-house, but also the post office, United States
courts, the laud offices, independent treasury, and any
other of the Ferieial officers who may be located in these
places lespeetivnly.
" These cities are increasing so rapidly, that what might
be considered sufficient accommodation* lor the above pur-
poses at this time, will probably be entiiely inadequate in
the courseofacompaiatively very few years, and will then
require either to be extended or entirely rebuilt."
He is arguing now against the $50,000:
" It should also be an indispensable requisite in all public
buildings to be hereafter erected, that they should be per-
fccily hre-proof, both from the interior and exterior; and it
is but right and proper that such structures should be not
only well and substantially built, but should, within reason-
able limits, be finished in a handsome and ornamental man-
ner, both inside and out. That all these requisites cannot
be obtained m a building of the necessary size, the cost of
which is limited to §50,000, is very apparent. That limit
would oblige the Department to the use ul brick as a material,
and to adopt plans which, though called liie-proof, are not
so completely such as should be the case with ail public
structuies."
Now listen to what follows:
" Buildings for the above purpose, m every way suitable
and proper, and with accommodations not only s-ufiicient
for the present, but lor the probable future wanfcs of the
Government for a long penod, can be erected and furnished
for $75,000; and it is earnestly recommended that such in-
crea.^ed appropriations should be made. Another reason
for granting this sum is, that it would prevent what might
.be considered as an mvulious distinction between these two
cities and those of Cincinnati and St. Louis, where a larger
amount has been appropriated."
It seems that the Secretary of the Treasury does
not want to make an invidious distinction between
Cincinnati, St. Louis, Pittsburg, and Louisville,
which are allm the interior, and some of them, as it
were, in the same neighborhood, and he gives that
I as a reason for granting $75,000 to Louisville.
He thinks that as $75,000 was to be expended on
the building at Cincinnati and St. Louis, it would
be an invidious and improper distinction to say
that the buildings at Pittsburg and Louisville
should not have $75,000 also. Weil, sir, I am
willing to give them ^75,000 each, and this §16,000
to Louisville will make it up to $£75,000. I think
the Government should make all its buildings
hereafter erected fully and perfectly fire-proof,
both from the interior and exterior. He says he
cannot erect a complete fire-proof building for
$59,000, but he can for $75,000, and he therefore
asks the appropriation of that sum. I am willing
to s;ive no more.
Mr. MARSHALL here made a remark which
the Reporters could not hear.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am treating the subject
fairly, and when I have discharged my duty I
shall have nothing further to say upon it. But I
want to bring the facts before the House. I should
not have gone into this so extensively if the gen-
tleman had read the whole of the Secretary's re-
commendation on this point.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did read it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not what I now propose to
read. I will add a little to what the gentleman
read. The Secretary of the Treasury, says;
" If Congress, however, should not think it advisable to
grant that sum (§75,000) for Pittsburg and Louisville, con-
tracts can be made for the buildings to cost not more than ,
$50,000 each, but for less than that amount the Department
That is to say, he can malce a contract for the
building of a custom-house at Louisville for $50,000
or $59,000, which will answer all the purposes of
the Government at present, but he thinks we ought
to have a building fire-proof, both interior and ex-
terior, and well and handsomely finished, to suit
the fashionable notions of the people of Louisville.
He seems to be struggling hard to .convince Con-
gress that Louisville is entitled to £75,000, and I
agree with him.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, made a re-
mark, which was not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have read what the Sec-
retary says, and I am satisfied he is right. There
is no necessity of giving this large amount to
Louisville, and only $75,000 to Cincinnati and
Pittsburg. _ The house can be built for about the
same cost in either of these cities, and every man
here will concur with me in that opinion. It re-
quires substantially the same character of build-
ing, and about the same amount of cost, to build
' a custom-house in either of those cities. Why
should you build a finer house in Louisville than
anywhere else? Why should you make the in-
vidious distinction between Lou Neville and other
cities in the same region of country ?
I am now going to speak of the gentleman's es-
timates. We all'know how estimates sometimes
get in here.
Mr. MARSHALL. These are the estimates
of the architect.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say, that when I
was struggling to obtain this §16,000 to Louisville,
the Secretary of the Treasury told me that he had
plans and estimates in his hands for building a fire-
proof building for $75,006. That is what'he told
me, and that is what is written down here. These
estimates were made without any solicitation or
; interference on my part. He gave these estimates
without consultation with me, or any one else, so
far as I know. And it is now for us' to determine
whether we shall send this bill back again to the
. Senate, or whether we shall terminate the matter
now. It seems to me, that the amount involved
is not enough to make it worth while to send the
bill back to the Senate. I will say to gentlemen,
that if we disagree to this amendment, and appoint
a committee of conference, it may even endanger
the passage of the bill itself. It stands, at le st,
a chance to be defeated entirely. The superin-
tendent is now ready to start for Oregon, if he
had the money to pay expenses. It is" very im-
portant that he should be there. I call the pro-
vious question.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to know what will be
the effect of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. Each amendment will be
; acted upon separately, as distinct propositions.
1 The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask for a separate vote
upon the Louisville custom-house amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask for a
| separate vote upon the amendment relative to con-
! structive mileage.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So do I, and the
yeas and nays upon that.
i The SPEAKER. Itis competent for the House
to take the question upon receding from its amend-
ments, or upon insisting: upon them, whichever it
be the pleasure of the House to do. if the ques-
tion is taken upon receding from its amendments
it will save one vote, which would otherwise have
to be taken upon concurring.
The first amendment was to strike out or dis-
agree to the following amendment, proposed by
the Senate to the original bill:
" Por presents and provisions to the Indians, and for avi=it
: ofthe superintendent, upon official business. $1,000. For
■ traveling expenses of the superintendent, and other neces-
1 sary expenses, $2,500.
| Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is to recede from
1 the disagreement of the House to that amendment.
! The question was put, and the motion was
j agreed to; and the House receded.
i The next amendment was the following, %vhieh
! was made by the Senate to the original bill:
i " For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate, under
j instructions trom the Secretary of the Interior, with the
I Indians in Texas, who have intruded themselves into that
