46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
desire to get rid of oppression at home or to warm
their patriotism to return to renewed efforts abroad.
Let them come; but let us not take away that altar
from our own temple and carry it off into the wil-
derness of European Revolution, thereto be taken
by the Philistines, or its fires to be quenched for-
ever beneath an ocean of blood. No, sir*, it is
here that our duty is to be performed.
I have felt it my duty to make these remarks,
because I intend to carry out the resolution of
Congress which was passed at the last session,
and to give to Louis Kossuth and his companions
in exile, a hearty, a noble', and a generous wel-
come to this country. I care not as to the form of
this welcome. While I am willing to do that, I
wish it at the same time to be understood that I
acknowledge none of these new doctrines which
have been'started, that we are to implicate our-
selves in the affairs of Europe. I wish it also to
be distinctly understood, that I do not agree with
the doctrine of cutting, off this nation from all
social and international intercourse with Europe.
I am not, in the language of the Senator from
Michigan, for cutting the string. We have a duty
to perform in this respect. I am for keeping up
legal and international intercourse through diplo-
macy with all the nations of the eartli, and main-
taining friendly and social relations with them. I
would not forsake Austria because of Austrian
despotism. 1 would not forsake Russia because
she is denounced to be a despotic power. Among
the proudest nations of Europe, alongside of the
highest and oldest flag, should our flag be sus-
tained; not by war, but this great nation should
be represented there by some of her patriotic and
intelligent citizens. In the darkest days of the
struggle for human liberty there I would maintain
the influence of this Government; not for the pur-
pose of interfering by armed force, but to hold out
to the unfortunate and oppressed of those nations,
if they cannot after all their exertions maintain
liberty there, our flag and* our influence will afford
theiu a home here.
A word more, and I have done. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia does not at all,
as I *=ee, change the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from New York. It merely avoids a ronelu-
sion which might be drawn from the passage by
the Congress of the United States of a resolution
in such general terms. The resolution with the
amendment shall have my hearty concurrence. I,
too, have not been an inattentive observer of the
history and,conduct of this distinguished indi-
vidual. I admire his talents and patriotism. I
believe him to be a man who has devoted himself
not to any wild scheme of liberty in Hungary,
but to the establishment of constitutional govern-
ment and liberty for the benefit of his people. As
such 1 shall personally greet Louis Kossuth cor-
dially, and also as a representative of one of the
States of this Union.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I do not rise for
the purpose of continuing this debate, and if any
gentleman wishes to discuss the resolution, I shall
give way to him. I intend simply to put myself
right befoie the country m regard to this matter.
I introduced the original resolution, as I have
already stated, at the instance of the Secretary
of State, and, as declared to me by him, and
doubtless trulv, with the sanction of the Admin-
istration itself, it being the opinion of the Pres-
ident and his Cabinet, as clearly intimated in the
last annual message, that it was the duty of Con-
gress, under all the circumstances existing, to pro-
vide a suitable reception for the distinguished per-
sonage whose character and actings have been the
subject, of such extended remjikson this occasion.
I acted, I say again, at the instance of gentlemen
of high official standing in W ashington, with whom
after full consultation, I had the good fortune to
asrep. I am willing to acknowledge, that in none
of the conversations which I held on tins subject,
preliminary to introducing the original resolution,
did any person undertake to intimate the pro-
priety of so demeaning ourselves in the discussion
of the question designed to be presented to the
Senate, as to avoid enkindling the resentment of
the Emperor of Russia. Had any such consider-
ation been suggested to me, I should have felt not
a little dissatisfaction with the personage in whose
brain an idea so ignoble had arisen. I understood
the resolution before us to be simply a proposition
to afford to Governor Kossuth, on account of the
Jjigh respect which we entertain for his public
character, and the ardent sympathy which the
freemen of thiscountry must naturally feel for him,
and the noble cause with which he stands identified,
a reception cordial and respectful on the part of
the two Houses of Congress in the first instance,
to be followed, as has been generally anticipated,
by an additional reception on the part of the Ex-
ecutive of the Republic. I now regret exceedingly
having withdrawn the original resolution, Because
it might, perhaps, have been acted upon before the
present time. I withdrew it for i-easons satisfac-
tory to me, and which I stated in the hearing of
the Senate. I supposed that it would be impossi-
ble for us, in consequence of the unexpected op-
position presented in various quarters of this Hall,
to act on the resolution brought forward by me in
time to accord to Governor Kossuth that reception
which 1 had hoped all the members of this body
would have supposed to be due to him. Since
that period, some delay having occurred in New
York with regard to his public reception there,
other gentlemen here, friendly to the original ob-
ject which I had in view, have thought proper to
introduce propositions to provide for him a re-
spectful and affectionate reception in the capital
of the nation.
Was there anything in the original resolution—
is there anything in either of the resolutions which
have been presented to the Senate since the with-
drawal of the original one, which indicates an in-
tention, on the part of those who have agreed that
this illustrious personage is entitled to some re-
spectful notice at our hands, of a nature to commit
the Government to all the uncertainties and perils
of a European war ? No calmly-tlnnking and dis-
passionate man can examine any of the propo-
sitions presented, and come to such a conclusion.
1 do not understand the language of Governor
Kossuth in New York as the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] and some others, seem to
understand it. 1 do not understand him at all as
intimating an expectation that this Government,
as such, should enter into a war at once without
delay, for the maintenance of the independence of
Hungary. I understand him—and thegentleman
from Georgia, in one part of his speech seemed
so to understand him—as clearly asserting a dis-
tinction between the people of the United States
and their Government. That distinction was in-
timated by him, not in any spirit of hostility
towaid our institutions—not for the purpose of
exhibiting any disrespect on his part towards the
Government, or intimating any doubt in his mind
as to the sincere sympathy which the Government
of the United States entertains for him and his
fortunes. The contrary idea is most emphatically
stated by him. i understand him to appeal, as
he has a right to do, to this nation of sovereigns,
every man of whom is equally and completely in-
dependent, for the calm and dispassionate consid-
; eration of that claim to respect and sympathy
which he has come here to present to them. Has
he not a right to address public meetings of our
; citizens in behalf of the cause of Hungarian free-
! dom and independence ? Have not our people a
; right to listen to htm respectfully—to avow their
I respect and affectionate sympathy for him, and
1 to supply him with such pecuniary aid as he
I may be willing to receive? Have they not a right
I to fto any thing for the furtherance of the cause
which he has at heart, which is not of' a nature
calculated to compromit our international rela-
tions, or involve us in foreign wars ?
I maintain that he has said nothing at all in any
of his speeches that I have seen which goes beyond
this. 1 know that certain slanderous prints have
asserted that he has employed language of a very
: different character. I know that in advance of his
] coming the most unmanly and illiberal efforts were
| made to poison the public mind in regard to him
j and his claims to our admiration and kindness.
I have looked into this matter pretty closely, and
' I feel justified in asserting that great and cruel in-
[ justice has been done to this distinguished individual
; in regard to what he said in the city of New York.
I What is it that is now proposed ? One gentleman
\ simply urges substantially that we shail give to
\ Governor Kossuth a hearty national welcome. Is
there any harm in that ? feut it is said there is no
precedent for this; and again it is answered that a
precedent has been discovered. Then it is said
that the precedent found does not apply, because
Lafayette was a greater man than Kossuth, or had
greater claims upon our regard. Both of them
were men, I believe. Both were illustrious men.
Both were champions of freedom. Both had suf-
fered in maintaining this cause. It is true, Lafay-
ette was not Kossuth, and Kossuth is not Lafay-
ette; but no one can deny that the character of
each is such as naturally to command the respect
of a nation of freemen.
We have said already, by a resolution adopted
nearly a year ago, that Kossuth was entitled to
our special sympathy. I undertake to assert,
therefore, that the precedent established in the
case of Lafayette is applicable in all its material
bearings to this case. 1 do not care very much,
though, about precedent in such a case. This is.
in some degree a question of common sense, and
still more a question of manly feeling—a question
to some extent also involving our character as sup-
porters of Republican institutions. I was not pre-
pared to hear it said, or even insinuated here, that
we should shudder with alarm in the performance
of what we may consider a high moral duty to the
cause of fiecdom, on account of the danger which
is supposed to exist of our offending his High
Mightiness, the Czar of Russia. I am resolved to
perform what I deem my duty as an American Sen-
ator, and to risk all consequences; and I shall respect
the government of this Republic far less than I now
do when it shall fail to perform its clear public duty *
from dread of the censure or condemnation of any
of the despotic powers of Christendom. I fear that
there has been too much of this feeling in our na-
tional councils m times past; and I am sure that
we have arrived at a period when it becomes us to
express our opinions of public men and of Gov-
ernments with more freedom and boldness than
has heretofore been usually practised by men in
power.
We owe, as I believe, to the illustrious Gover-
nor of Hungary, a cordial national reception. Can
any one pretend that such reception would violate
the laws of nations? No one has pretended that
it would. What right, then, would the Emperor
of Russia have to complain of it? Is it disrespect-
ful to him to treat a man, who is, in the judgment
of the civilized world, possessed of higher moral
attributes than any leigningmonaich, with special
respect and even with reverential homage ? If this
potentate could feel insulted at an act on our part
so becoming, so natural, and should be silly enough
to complain of it, he would expose himself to the
laughter and contempt of the civilized world, and
I should rejoice that his proud and callous heart
had been made to feci the softening influence of
chagrin and mortification for once in his life.
I must confess that I greatly prefer the propo-
sition of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,]
and but for the extraordinary desire felt by the
honorable Senator from Georgia to gratify the
American public with his views in extenso on this
subject, the resolution of the Senator from Illinois '
might have been accepted by the Senator from
New York as a substitute for his, and there would
have been an end of the matter. The perform-
ance of such an act as that indicated by the reso-
lution of the Senator from Illinois, would not have
affected our peaceful relations with the Govern-
ments of Europe. How is it possible that any
mischief can possibly arise from our being intro-
duced to Governor Kossuth in ou-r own Hall, and
the other members and the Government perform-
ing the rites of hospitably in such manner as they
deem appropriate and becoming5 Sir, I deeply
deplore this whole debate. I must say that I
think it is calculated to detract somewhat from the
dignity of the Government itself. Comparisons
have Keen indulged, and parallels attempted to be
run which, whilst they testified some ingenuity of
a rather trivial and worthless character, are not
at all in unison, as I must think, either with the
rules ofgood breeding or the laws of sound taste.
Mr. SUMNER next obtained the floor, but
gave way to—
Mr. RUSK, on whose motion the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 9, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following gentlemen appeared to-day, were
qualified, and took their seats, viz: Mr. McQ,ueen
and Mr. Wallace of South Carolina, and Mr.
Moore of Louisiana.
