958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
show that Commodore Porter did any of the acts
that are complained of here, as a violation of the
rights of. property, or that the illegal occupation
alleged was made under the orders of the Gov-
ernment. That is the allegation. The ground of
damage is broadly, that the Government had oc-
cupied this island in effect, and that, by its occupa-
tion in 1823, 1824, and 1825, to the exclusion of
rights of the owners, it became responsible in
damages. Now, if you take the order given by
the Secretary of the Navy, you will find that it
does'not sanction such occupation. It is impliedly
admitted in the argument that that order does not
sanction the occupation of the whole island; and
there can be no question about it. The order
given to,Commodore Porter, in February, 1823,
was m these words:
, "You will "establish, at Thompson's Island, usually
called Key West, a depOt, and land the ordnance and ma-
Tines to protect tlie stores and provisions. If, however,
you shall find any important objection to this place, and a
more suitable and convenient one can be found, you are at
liberty to select it as a depot."
Is it necessary to contend before the Senate, that
this order did not authorize Commodore Porter to
take possession of an island four and a half miles
long, containing seven hundred or eight hundred
acres; or that it authorized him to establish mar-
tial law on the island ? The order authorizes him
to do nothing more than to establish a naval depot
there, to land stores, and .build store-houses in
which to put them. Commodore Porter, in his
report of April 16th, 1823, to'the Secretary of the
Navy, states that he had done nothing more. He
says:
We have built our store-houses on Thompson's Island,
landed all our stores, collccted together all the schooners!
of the squadron, and stationed them at different points on
the coast of Cuba."
Again, in a letter dated November, 1823, he
gives the character of the island, lie states all
that he did, but there was no allusion whatever to
his doing more than establishing a depot. He says:
"The fixing an establishment nt Thompson\s Island for
rendezvous and supplies, as iny mstiucrions lequired, has
had the most happy effect in attaining the object in view."
There is nothing to show to the Government
hitherto, that there was any pretense that Com-
modore Porter had transcended his authority under
the order to establish a depot, by taking posses-
sion of the whole island, and excluding its rightful
owners. There was no claim up to this time that
he had established martial law over the island, or
interfered with the rights of property; and the sup-
position that he did so, is the only foundation of
this bill. There is nothing in his reports to the
Department to show that anything of the kind was
done; and yet the distinguished Senator says that
these circumstances were known to the Govern-
ment. In 1834, the committee of the Senate had
been discharged from theconsideration of theclaim,
and it had been refeired to the Secietary of the
Navy. On the 16th of December, he made the
following report:
"The Secretary of the Navy, in compliance with The
dhections contained in the resolutions of the Senate ot the
United States, of the 16th June last, referring the meinonal
and documents of John Whitehead, and others, owners of
Key West, for examination into the fact" therein stated, to
collect the necessary evidence, and report the same, together
with copies of such letters and papeis hi this Department
as relate theieto, to the Senate at us next session, lias the
honor to make the following report:
"The parties interested in this case state, that, in conse-
quence of a communication made by them on the 17th
December, 1831, representing the peculiar importance of
Key Wc^t, as a naval -station to protect our commerce from
pirates, and suppress the slave tiade.Lieutenant l'eriy was
ordered, on the 7th February, 18&J, to examine said inland
and its harbors, &c., and, if deemed nece^smy by him, to
take possession in the name of the United States ; and that
on the 28th March following, he made a report of his pio-
ccednigs.
" That instructions were subsequently issued to Captain
Patterson, on the 15th November, 182*3, who reported the
ie*ult of ins examinations on the 11th March and 10th July,
" That Commodore Porter, on the 1st of February 1823
received his geuetai instiuetions, as commandant of the
West Fndia station, and was directed to otablish a depot
at Thompson's Island, usually culled Key West, and land
ordnance and marines to protect the stores and provisions.
•'That the said commander assumed entire control and
jurisdiction of said island; forcibly appropriating wood
already cut, and causing more to be cut down and uspJ
seizing and using, for his officers and men, hogs and sheep"
running at large, the property of the memorialists; prohibit-
ing fh«> owners and their agents from building or improving
without his permission; and enforced mihtaiy law upon
the said island ; of which grievances, thev state that they
informed the Navy Department by a communication dated
the Ut of February, 1825.
"In support of these allegations, the memorialists offer
the deposition of Griffith W. Roberts; the copy of a letter
from Commodore Porter to Lieutenant James M. Mcintosh,
sworn to by John Whitehead; a letter of Master Com-
mandant M. P.Mix, to said Whitehead; certified copies of
two letters from P. C.Greene & Co. to Commodore Porter,
and the original of Commodore Porter's reply; a certificate
of Lieutenant James M. Mcintosh, with copy of Commo-
dore Porter's letter to him above jeferred to, and an imper-
fect copy of the communication of 1st February, 1 25,
which are all hereto annexed, letteied from A to G, inclu-
sive.
" The records and files of the Navy Department have been
carefully examined, but afford no information nor evidence
ot the seizures and damages which the memorialists com-
plain that they sustained, nor can any communication be
found to have been received from them on the subject,
dated the 1st of February, 1825.
" The communication of the 7th of December, 1821; the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, of the 29th of Decem-
ber, 1822, to the President; and the instructions to Lieu- |
tenant Perry, Commodoie Patterson, and Commodore Por-
ter, and the reports by these officers, to which the memo-
rialists allude, are appended hereto, and numbered trom 1
to 8, inclusive. All which is respectfully submitted.
"MAHLON DICKEKSON."
The answer, then, of the Government is, through
the officer who gave the instructions, that no com-
plaint of that kind was made to them. No such
communication was received in December, 1825,
as was alleged. They know nothing of all those
acts. This answer was made in 1834. After
that, and based upon that, there was an investiga-
tion by a committee of the Senate, and an adverse
report, which was adopted. The parties after-
wards had leave to withdraw their papers; and
they presented them in the House of Representa-
tives m 1847; the leading name being then Simon-
ton, instead of Whitehead. A favorable report
was then made. They then come back to the
Senate in 1852, and, based on that report, which
is attached to the report of the Senator from
Florida, they get another favorable report, directly
contrary to what, eighteen years ago, the Secretary
of the Navy stated in his report, and what the
Senate, two years following, decided not to grant.
Then I submit to the Senate that 1 am right when
I say that there was no acquiescence on the part
of the Government, because the Government had
no knowledge of the facts. These parties have
not shown, nor can they show, that they made
any complaint to the Government. If they were
aggrieved, what would have been the simple course
which they would have pursued? Why, they
would have pursued the same course that the
Harmonys did in relation to the case which was
before us the other day for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Mitchell. This claim was rejected by the
Government, as a claim against them, in 1834.
Commodore Porter was then alive; why did not
the parties sue him and recover damages, and drive
him to come to the Government, in order to show
that, in the exercise of his authority, he had been
obliged to trespass on the rights of individuals,
and that, in the performance of his regular duties,
he did it for the benefit of the country. The
parties could have established, then, by legal adju-
dication against him, on a fair hearing, the extent
of the damage suffered. Did they pursue that
. course? No, sir; but they come here now, long
! after the death of Commodore Porter, when the
• claim was rejected eighteen years ago, on a full and
1 fair hearing, with the same evidence which is now
| before us, and ask us, not to decide the claim—
, because the committee themselves admit that there
! is not sufficient evidence to do it—but to consign
j the settlement of unliquidated damages to an ac-
, counting officer to allow whatever the parties may
| claim. Is this equity ? Is this justice? Is this a
! course of procedure which the Senate of the United
. States ought to take when a claim comes before it?
I can hardly conceive a more baseless claim
than the one now before the Senate. I consider
that there is not a particle of evidence to sustain
it. If I chose to go on with this matter, and go
\ through all the facts, I am satisfied that I could
S convince the Senate that what I said on a former
; occasion is true, that the claim is speculative, and
■ fraudulent m its character as against the Govern-
ment, from its first origin to the present hour.
Simonton was not the owner of this island on the
7th of December, 1821; but on that day he wrote
a letter from Havana to the Government of the
United Slates, informing them of the advantages
of this island, then an uninhabited place, and
which was, according to the report of Commodore
Perry, the resort of smugglers and pirates. He
wrote a letter, calling the attention of the Govern-
ment to this island, and the propriety and necessity
of occupying it as a naval station. That was his
own suggestion, when he was not the owner of
the island, made on the 7th of December, 1821.
His communication of that date will be found on
pages 12 and 13 of the documents accompanying
the House report made in 1848. On the 27th of
December, of the same year, before the Govern-
ment had time to act upon his suggestion, he be-
came the purchaser from Salas of the island. He
bought it from him for some two thousand dollars.
The Government have since paid, for land on the
island, fourteen thousand and odd dollars; and they
have paid for wood cut for the Navy during the
years 1824 and 1825, three thousand six hundred
and odd dollars; yet now, he and the other claim-
ants come here and ask, on this loose evidence,
that we shall give them an amount of $120,000 or
$125,000, or whatever sum the accounting officer
may choose to allow, on the mere testimony of
the individuals themselves, based on the ground
of the occupation of the whole island, which was
not authorized, and, in point of fact, never took
place. I ask if it is a case entitled to the favorable
consideration of the Senate ?
I submit, then, that the very premises upon
which the distinguished Senator from Florida rests
that this bill should pass, fall; that he has not
shown the acquiescence that he proposed to show,
of the Government of the United States in these
acts. Now, there is a wide distinction between
what he seeks to mingle up here, as showing a
taking of possession by the Government, and that
the acts of Commodore Porter were complained of
to the Government of the United States. You are
to understand that this was a desolate island; that
it was inhabited by nobody, the resort of pirates
and smugglers. In consequence of the suggestion
of Simonton at Havana, the Secretary of the Navy
directed Commodore Perry, then a master com-
mander, on the 7th of February, 1822, to goto
this island, and a copy of the letter of Simonton
was inclosed to him.
The orders to Commodore Perry, were:
" Navy Department, February 7, 1822.
" Sir : I enclose to you the copy of a description of4 Key
West,' a small island on the edge of the Florida stream,
seventy-five miles north bv west from Havana, about mid-
way between the DiyTortugas and Cape Florida; and I
wish you to proceed in the nearest route from New York
to that place, for the purpose of making an examination of
the island, its harbors, its extent, and the dangers of navi-
gation, and report to me, as early as practicable, every in-
foimation you shall acquire, with a view to further measures
for its occupation, and fortlie establishment of a port of ren-
dezvous, and for commerce, should the desci iption be veri-
fied by you. In this first visit to the island, it will not be
necessary to take actual survey?, but merely report to the
Department the real situation of the island, as above-men-
tioned.
"Should you find the island situated as it is described,
and it shall, in your judgment, he necessary, you are author-
ized to take possession of it in the name of the United
States, and, it you think proper, leave a midshipman, or
other suitable officer, with one man. to retain possession
until further orders; provided they can be sheltered, and
made comfortable and safe lor the tune, until aid can be
furnished to them."
What sort of possession was this? This is not
what is complained of This was a mere asser-
tion of jurisdiction on the part of the United States
by taking formal possession of an island which
was supposed, under the treaty with Spain, ced-
ing Florida, to be clearly belonging to the United
States. The island was then uninhabited and
desolate. TheGovernmentsent Commodore Perry
thereat the suggestion of the very man who now
brings forward the claim for damages. This pos-
jj session of the island by Commodore Perry, under
j; the orders of the Government, was not injurious
j to the claimants. It did not interfere with their
,j rights. It was intended to protect their rights by
;] asserting the sovereignty of the Union, and giving
; them the benefit of the forces of the United States
■ to sustain their possession. The island was at
>, that time the resort of smugglers and pirates.
' Commodore Perry reported in accordance with
these orders given to him. His report is dated
;! March 28th, 3822. He states that he had gone
i; there, and adds:
ii " In regard to the advantages of Thompson's Island as a
■ j place of tiade, I feel at a loss in forming an opinion. Its
location is most certainly in its favor, being situated about
midway between Florida and Cuba, the Southern State*
!j and Louisiana, which circumstance lias induced many to
j believe that, in the course of time, the bland must become a
!< place of considerable commerce.
"Heretofore the Florida Keys have been the resort of
! smugglers. New Providence wreckers, and, in fact, of a set
; j ol desperadoes, who have paid hut little regard either to law
jj or honesty. The present establishment, though on a small
ii scale, will, I conjecttue, (with the assistance of the set-
