1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
State from the territories of the United States, for thpir
removal from that State, $25,000,"
And the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to strike out the following words:
Cl Who have intiuded themselves into that St.ite from the
territories of the United States."
The question was on receding from the House
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the House will not
recede from its amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will
permit me to say five words, I think I can make
that matter clear.
Mr. FITCH. I object, unless some one can
have an opportunity to speak upon the opposite
side.
Mr JONES. I have no objection to that.
Several Members objected.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only four
members rising.
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Johnson of Arkansas, and
Houston were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. May I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs one
question ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. I desire to ask that gentleman if
the gentlemen from Texas in the House did not
favor this amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Texas men are opposed
to it.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment defeats the
whole object.
Mr. JONES. 1 think it carries out the precise
object.
Mr. HOWARD. It is exactly the reverse.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 34.
So the House agreed to recede from its amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have made an
amendment to the amendment made by the House
to the original amendment of the Senate, which
will be reported to the House.
The amendment of the Senate was to <{ strike
out $.43,700 and insert $1G,000."
The section thus amended would read as fol-
lows :
u For the completion of the custom-house at Louisville,
Kentucky, the additional sum of $16,000."
Mr. MARSHALL. I want the House to in-
sist upon the amendment of the House to the
Senate amendment. I make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion, I suppose, will
be to recede. That is the motion 1 made when 1
was up.
The SPEAKER. It is neither the one nor the
other. The question is upon agreeing to the amend-
ments of the Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understood the Speaker,
upon a former occasion, to sny to the House that
we might take either form of the question.
The SPEAKER. This is an amendment by
the Senate to our amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope we shall disagree
to the amendment of the Senate. I demand tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Marshall
of Kentucky, and Houston were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, and, before the noes were taken,
the tellers disagreed as to the number, and
Mr. HOUSTON reported that there had been a
miscount.
The SPEAKER. The tellers report that they
cannot count. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I was about nine ahead,
When he closed the game upon me. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The last half dozen that
passed through, he counted m one way and I an-
other.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will again resume
their places, and a recount will be had.
The tellers accordingly resumed their places, and
-a count was had, when
Mr. HOUSTON reported: Another miscount,
Air. Speaker. It is impossible for the gentleman
{Mr. Marshall] and myself to take the count.
fLaughter.J
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that the yeas and nays were demanded but re-
fused.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was about
to say there was a quorum voting, for 1 recollect
that there were sixty odd in the affirmative, and
forty-six in the negative, and ten or a dozen went
through afterwards.
The SPEAKER. There is no question about
a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know about as much as
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] on
the subject. I say there was no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope, by general consent,
there will be a recount.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Phelps and
Chandler to act as tellers, (Messrs. Marshall
and Houston having been excused,) when the
question was again taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 62.
So the House concurred in the amendment of
the Senate.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
<£ For per diem compensation and mileage of Senators,
Members of the House of Representatives, and Delegates,
$-30,000."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Did the
Senate propose that as an amendment to the cus-
tom-house appropnation ?
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
Senate amendment, and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 42, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrere, Bnggs, George H. Brown,
Buit, Chandler, Conner,Dawson, mockery, Duncan, Fitch,
Florence, Freeman, Gamble, Goodrich, G<uman, Samp-on
W. Karris, Ilait, Ilendneks, IJoiladay, Houston, Jackson,
Robert VV. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Loekhart,
Miller, Henry D. Mooie, Nabers, Orr,Phelp?, Poiter.Price,
Sehermerhorn, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
aid H. Stanton, Stuart, Tavlor, Thuiston, Walsh, and
Welch—4-2.
NAYH—Messrs. Abcrcrombio, Aiken, Averett, David J.
Bailey, Bell, Boeock, J. H. Boyd, Biagg, Brenton. AlbertG.
Biown, Buell, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph
Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Canter, Cae-kie,
Chapman, Churehwell, Chngman, Cobb, Curtis, Daniel,
Geoige T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dimmick, Disney, East-
man, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklin, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, G.iylord, Gidding-*, Grey, Grow, Hamilton,
Hammond, llaipei, Ila<call, Henn, Horsford. John W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, In-
geisoil, Ives, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Geoige VV.
Jones, Preston King, Landry, Maee, Humphrey Mm-Jiall,
Martin, MeLanahan, MeMulhn, McNair, Mc-Uueen,
Meade, Milton, Miner, Molonv, J. Moore, Murphy, Mur-
raj, Newton, Amhew l\u ker, Samuel W. Parkci, Pens-lee,
Pennun.m, Perkins, Powell, ltantoul, Reed, Robbins,
Rohie, Sehooloiatt, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
moui, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Ahiaham P. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Vonable, Walbndge, Wallace, Ward,
Wa<hbnrn, Watkins, Wilcox, Wilduek, and Wood-
wai d—97.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is one further amend-
ment, to which I suppose there will be no objec-
tion, and I move that the House recede from its
amendment.
The amendment referred to was then read, as
follows:
Provided, That hereafter no expense incurred by a
Territoi ial Legislature shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States, unless previously sanctioned by law."
The SPEAKER. This was an original amend-
ment of the Senate, to which the House dis-
agreed. The Senate insists upon its amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House re-
cede from its disagreement.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House receded from its disagreement.
The amendments were all disposed of.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up a bill
upon the Speaker's table, for furnishing arms to
the juveniles. Every one knows what that means,
I suppose. It is a bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to furnish arms for a company of boys.
A Voice. I object, I object.
Mr. DANIEL. I have made several efforts
to s;et the House to dispose of several bills lying
upon the Speaker's table for months. It is
very necessary that they should be disposed of,
and I do hope they will be disposed of now. It
will consume but very little time. It is a reproach
to the House to permit bills, involving so large
interests as they do in regard to private individ-
uals, to remain so long undisposed of. They
ought to be disposed of at once.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
before this body, is the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House adjourned until eleven o'clock to-
morrow morning.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memouals, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referied to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BOYD, of New York: The petitions of citizens
of Now York, in favor of extending Uu Emmons's patent
foj a pJamng machine, dated 25th of April, 3829.
By Mr. JVBS: The petition of Captain John IJoovci,of
Leroy, JefFeison county, New York, for an invalid pen-
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 17, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is a motion to lay upon the table a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the Florida railroad
bill was rejected.
LAND DISTRICTS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 438, entitled "An act to create addi-
tional land districts in Iowa," with a view of
having it put upon its passage. I hope my re-
quest may be granted. It is the same bill that
the House committee reported.
Mr. COBB. That isa large State, and it should
have additional land offices. There ought not to
be any objection to the bill being taken up.
Mi\ HUNTER. If it is proposed to put the
bill upon its passage, I object.
RAILROAD IRON FREE OF DUTY.
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill of which I have
given previous notice, with a view of having it
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, as follows:
" A bill to admit railroad iron free of duty."
Mr. ROBBINS. I object to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. MACE. I demand the yeas and naysupon
that motion.
Mr. ORR. I hope my friend from Tennessee
will withdraw his motion, and let the bill be re-
ferred .
Mr. JONES. I decline to do so.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I question
whether the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee be in order at this stage of the proceedings.
The only motion that could be made upon the first
reading of a bill would be to reject it.
The SPEAKER. It has passed its second
reading, and is now open for engrossment, amend-
ments, commitment, or to be laid upon the table.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
through Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
notifying the House of the passage by that body
of certain bills.]
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and there were—yeas
51, nays 64; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. There is not a quorum
voting. As the Chair is satisfied there is one
present he trusts those who have not will cast their
votes.
Messrs. Johnson" of Georgia, Bayly of Vir-
ginia, Hamilton, Beale, and Freeman asked
the unanimous consent of the House to be allowed
to vote, they having been outside of the bar when
their names were called.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the unanimous
