1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
consent of the House may be accorded, so that we
may have a quorum.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. There are 51 in the affirma-
tive and 64 in the negative—no quorum.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. There is un-
doubtedly a quorum in the House, several mem-
bers having; come in since the vote has been taken;
and I will inquire of the Chair whether it be not
in order, by unanimous consent, to move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in
order.
Mr. STUART. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move, by unanimous
consent, that the vote be retaken on the motion to
lay on the table the bill introduced by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Michigan would seem to be an objection
to all propositions except that for the regular
order of proceeding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether a quorum voted on the motion to lay the
bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. A quorum did not vote.
Mr. JONES. Then I submit this question:
That there being no quorum upon that vote, it is
clear, beyond all sort of question, there was no
quorum present when this bill was introduced and
read the first and second time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That does not follow.
Mr. JONES. I ask if the admission of the bill
can be taken as the action of the House?
The SPEAKER. To the question raised by
the gentleman from Tennessee the Chair has to
reply, that, although the House did not divide, it
is to be presumed there was a quorum present.
The Chair overrules the point of order, for the
reason that we are a quorum for all legislative pur-
poses until the contrary has been shown. The
question is now upon a motion for a call of the
House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. My point of order is this: That when
the House is found without a quorum upon any
vote, members coming in have a right to vote, not-
withstanding the rule that is usually appealed to;
and such must be the case if you are ever to have
a quorum. If members who are brought in by a
call of the House are not permitted to vote you
never will have a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia. One of the plainest rules of this body
is, that no gentleman can vote without unanimous
consent, who was outside of the bar when his
name was called.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to an-
other question of order. If the question whether
there be a quorum or not, or whether there has
been a quorum or not, is involved, I maintain the
point that it is apparent to the Speaker, from facts
which he is obliged to notice, there is a quorum;
for the vote shows there was within one of a
quorum, and before that vote was announced vari-
ous gentlemen asked to be permitted to vote.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair. Whatever might be the power of the
Chair upon the point presented, the question is
not now before the body, it being superseded by
a motion which is clearly in order, that there be
a call of the House. That is the only business
now in order, except a motion for an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers upon the
motion for a call of the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and
Clingman were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to order a call—the tellers having reported
—ayes 38, noes 89.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum pres-
ent the Clerk will again call the roll. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to lay the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace.] en-
titled " A bill to admit railroad iron free of duty,"
upon the table. The bill was introduced by unan-
imous consent this morning, underwent its first
and second reading, and a motion was made to
refer it to the Committee of Ways and Means,
when a motion was submitted that the bill be laid
upon the table, upon which motion the question
is now to be taken.
The question was again put, and the motion to
lay upon the table was disagreed to—yeas 74,
nays 79.
So the motion to lay the bill upon the table was
disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. MACE. Inasmuch as several members of
the Committee of Ways and Means do not like
the reference to that committee, I withdraw that
motion, and move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed; and upon which motion
I call for the previous question.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask that the gen-
tleman will withdraw his call for the previous
question until I shall offer an amendment.
Mr. MACE. The bill is perfect in itself.
Mr. KING. As the gentleman objects, I trust
the call for the previous question will not be sec-
onded. 1 ask that my amendment be read for in-
formation.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. That proposition has just
been voted upon,and the Chair thinks the motion
cannot be repeated at this time.
Mr. DEAN. Action has been had since. The
gentleman has withdrawn his motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
he now proposes to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. As there may be a reason,
from the change of the proposition, to induce the
House to lay the bill upon the table now, that did
notoperatebefore, the Chair entertainsthe motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope thp gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dean] will withdraw thatmotion,
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] will let
this bill go to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I think it is better for those who are opposed to
the bill to let it go to that committee, so that we
can go on with other work. It is useless to spend
time caviling about this matter. If there is a ma-
jority in favor of the passage of this bill, in God's
name let them carry it. If it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, 1 can only say,
that so far as I am concerned, it shall be promptly
acted upon, and reported back to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By unanimous consent I
wish to ask a question of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
[Cries of " I object!" "I object!"]
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and debate
is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If he desires to reconsider
it, why did he vote to reject the bill in the first in-
stance'1
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it competent for the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] to withdraw his
motion, if any gentleman objects to it?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Indiana to withdraw his motion. The
motion made by him is, to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill be printed. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Dean] moves, again,
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. YENABLE. If this motion prevails, it
takes the bill with it upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me ask the House if
they will not 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] should be heard ?
[Cries of " T object!" " I object!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that discussion
is out of order, but I wished to ask the House to
refer the bill.
The question being upon the motion to lay the
bill upon the table,
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I would most
respectfully ask the Chair, if this motion to lay
upon the table is in order? We have had that
motion already, and the House have refused to lay
the bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, in-
asmuch as action has taken place since, by the
withdrawal of the motion to commit the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and a substi-
tution of the motion to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union and print,
it is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. When the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Mace] asked leave to introduce this bill, he
was permitted to do so with the understanding
that he would refer it to the Committee of Ways
and Means. After he was permitted to do so
without objection, he makes the motion to refer it
to another committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Mace] indicated bis purpose to refer the bill.
The House gave its unanimous consent to the in-
troduction of the bill, but after the bill was intro-
duced it is competent for the House to dispose of
it as it may see fit under the rules. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
motion, and there were—yeas 88, nays 69; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averelt, Bab-
cook, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bibighaua, John H. Bojd,
Briggs, George H. Brown, BueH, Burrows, E. Carrington
Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Curus,
Daw&on, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Duncan, Florence,
Floyd, Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Hamilton,
Harper, Isham G. Harris, Hascall, Haven, Ilolladay, Hors-
ford, Houston, John W. IJowe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
y. How, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins. Andrew Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G.
King, Preston King,Kuhnp, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Mann,
Martin, Mason, McLanahan, McNnir, Meade, Milkon,
John Moore, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker,
Peaslee, Ponn, Penmman, Perkins, Price, Reed, Riddle,
Robbing, Robie, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhorn,
Scudder, David L. Sejmour, Richaid H. Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, Taylor, Thuiston, Tuek, Walbndge, Washburn,
and Wildrick— 88.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, David J. Bailey,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bissell, Bocock, Bowie, Bragg, Bren-
ton, Albert G Brown, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson
Campbell, Chastain, Church well, Climrman, Cobb, Conger,
Daniel, J G. Davis, Doiy, Eastman, Edmundson, Etving,
Ficklin, Fitch, Freeman, Gentry, Gorman, Green, Grey,
Hendricks, Henn, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Lockliart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, McMuUin, Mc-
Queen, Miller, Molonv, Morehead, Nabers, Orr, Samuel
W. Parker, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Robinson, Scurry,
Sinatt, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Ahr'm P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother,
Stuart, Townshend, Venable, Wallace, Ward, Waikins,
Alexander White, Williams, and Yates—69.
So the House agreed to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BUELL. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table, and to
lay that motion upon the table.
Mr. BISSELL. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If there is controversy about
it, the question of reconsidering the vote goes over
for the present.
Mr. DANIEL. If it is in order, I move to
proceed to the consideration of private bills upon
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask if the morn-
ing hour has yet commenced?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired by some twenty minutes.
Mr. OLDS. I would like to know when it
commenced. The morning hour is devoted to re-
ports from committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state how
the morning hour commenced, if gentlemen will
allow him to do so. The morning hour com-
menced by the presentation of business within the
morning hour to the consideration of the House.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] rose
and asked the unanimous consent of the House to
allow him to report a bill. The Chair decides that
as the morning hour was not reserved, it had ex-
pired.
