m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dees 10,
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs of
William Beattv, on the flies of the benate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of Martha Gray, widow of
Captain Robert Gray,im the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it waa
Ordered, That the petition of J. Williamson, on the fitea
ofthe Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers, on the files of the
Senate, relating' to the claim of the widow of the late (Gen-
eral John McNiol, be referred to tin* Committee onPensions.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Older ed, That the petition of the admirtisUator of Gerard
Wood, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Xievoluiioitaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Ordered, That "the memorial on the files of the Senate
relating to the *1103001 of amending patent laws, bs reterred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Ofiice.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the petitions presented at the last session
of Congicss trom assistant marshals, prating additional
compensation for services m taking the seventh census, bo
inferred to the Committee on the Judiciary*
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MASON" gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the pay-
ment of invalid pensions in certain cases.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Daly.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention t-o
ask leave to introduce a bill to revive a portion of
an act for the relief of the widows of deceased
soldiers.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill increasing the salary of
the United States district judge of the district of
New Hampshire.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Richardson and others.
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State
ef Wisconsin the Military Reservation at Port
Winnebago, in th.it State, to aid in improving the
navigation of the Fox and "Wisconsin rivers.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill granting
to the State of Wisconsin a donation of public
lands, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the city of Mihvaukie to the Mississippi river.
Mr. DODGE, oflowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce the follov.-iug bills:
A bill to relinquish to the State of Iowa the
lands reserved for salt springs therein;
A bill to establish aduitional land offices in the
Slate of Iowa: and
A hill to grant to the city of Burlington, in
Iowa, the land heretofore reserved between that
citv and the Mississippi river.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of preemption claimants for the land upon whi<*h
the towns of Fo*t Madison and Burlington, in
Iowa, aic situated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce the following hil's:
A bill sranUng a pension to Sally T. Floyd,
widow of L." jutcian!. (icorge C. Floyd, late of the
United States Army;
A hill for the rcMof of Theodore OfTut: am]
A hill to provide for the unnaid claims of the
officers and soldiers in the Virginia State and
Continental line of the Army of the Revolution.
Mr. PEAROE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill in addition to and
amendatory of 44 An act to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of public officers and others
who may have received moneys arising from mil-
itary contributions or otherwise in Mexico,55 ap-
proved 3d March, 1840.
Mr. 1><M>GER pave notice of his intention to
n^k leave to introduce a bill for th* relief of M.
K. Warrington.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLEMENS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a donation of
land to the State of Alabama, in aid of the con-
struction of the Mobil© and Girard Railroad;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the State of Wisconsin to select the resi-
due of the lands, to which that State is entitled
under the act of August 8,1846, to aid in the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin^ rivers;
which was read, a first and second time by its. title,
and refened to the Committee, on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following-reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous, con-
sent and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canala be
instructed to inquire into the'expediency of employing one
or moie competent civil engmreis to make the necessary
explorations and surveys, and to ascertain the cosl of sup-
plying the Ohio river and ite navigable tributaries with
water, during periods of drought, from artificial reservoirs,
according to the plan submitted to Congress by Cliarle3
Ella, jr., civil engineer, so as to make the same perma-
nr-'Hly navigable for vessels and boats drawing four feet of
water.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Davis, on the 8th instant, was taken up for con-
sideration and adopted:
Rewired, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to complete tho sets of statutes of the United States in use
in che Senate, its offices, and committee rooms, by adding
thereto tho ninth volume.
REPORT OF A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the joint
resolution explanatory of the act approved Sep-
tember 28th, 1850, entitled " An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States," reported back the same with an
amendment; which was ordered to be printed.
RECEPTION OF KOSSUTH.
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being his resolution of welcome to Kossuth.
Mi. SUMNER. Mr. President, words are
sometimes things; and 1 cannotdisguise from my-
self that the resolution in honor of Louis Kossuth,
now pending before the Senate, when finally passed,
will be an act of no small significance in the history
of our country. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Berrien'] was right when he said that it was no un-
meaning compliment. JBeyond its immediate wel-
come to" an illustrious stranger, U will help to com-
bine and direct the sentiments of our own people
everywhere; it will, inspire all in other lands who
are engaged in the contest for freedom; it will
challenge the disturbed attention of despots; and
it will become a precedent, whose importance will
grow, m the thick-coming events of the future,
with the growing might of the Republic. In this
view, it becomes us to consider well what we do,
and to understand the grounds of our conduct.
For myself, I am prepared to vote for it, without
amendment or condition of any kind, and on rea-
;j sons which seem to meat once obvious and conclu-
,j sive. In assigning these, I shall be brief; and, let
l me say, that novice as I can in tins Hall, and, m-
; deed, m all legislative halis, nothing but my strong
j interest, in the question, as now presented, and a
,< hope to say something directly upon it, could
' prompt me thus early to mingle in these debates,
i! The case seems to require a statement* rather
[1 than an argument. As I understand, the last Con-
[! qress requested the President to authorize the em-
;j ployment of one of our public vessels to receive
and convey Louis Kossuth to the United States.
!| This honorable service was performed, under the
h express direction of the President, and in pnrsu-
|{ ance of the vote of Congress, by one of the best-
■ j appointed ships of our Navy—the steam-frigate
1 Mirsissippi. Far away fiom our country, in for-
I eign waters, in the currents of the Bosphorus, the
I Hungarian chief, nassing from his Turkish exile,
! first pressed the deck of this gallant vessel; first
| came under the protection of our national nag, and,
| forthefirsttimein hishfe, rested beneath the ensign
| of an unquestioned Republic. From that moment
; hebecameonr guest. The Republic, which thus far
he had seen only in delighted dream or vision, was
now his host. And though this relation was in-
terrupted for a few weeks by his wise and brilliant
visit to England, yet its duties and its pleasures,
as X confidently submit, are not yet ended. The
liberated exile is now at our gates. Sir,we can-
not do things by halves; and the hospitality thus,
under the auspices of Congress, begun, must, un-
der the auspices of Congress* be continued. The
hearts of the people are already open to receive
him; Congress cannot turn its back upon him.
But I would join in this welcome, not merely
because it is essential to complete and crown the
work of the last Congress; but because our guest
deserves it at our hands. The distinction is great,
I know; but it is not so great as his deserts. He
deserves it as the early, constant, and incorruptible
champion of the Liberal Cause in Hungary—who,
while yet young, with unconscious power girded
himself for the contest—and by a series of mas-
terly labors, with voice and pen, in parliamentary
debates and in the discussions of the press, breathed
into his country the breath of life. He deserves
it, by the great principles of true democracy which
he caused to be recognized—representation of the
people without distinction of rank or birth, and
equality before the law. He deserves it, by the trials
he has undergone, in prison and in exile. He
deserves-it, by the precious truth, which he now so
eloquently proclaims-, of the Fraternity of Nations.
As I regard his course, I am filled with reverence
and awe. I see. in him, more than in any other
living man, the power which may be exerted by
a single, earnest, honest soul, in a noble cause.
In himself he is more than a whole cabinet, more
than a whole army. I watch him in Hungary,
while, like Carnot in France, he " organizes vie*
tory;" I follow him in exile to distant Asi-
atic Turkey, and there find him> with only a
scanty band of attendants, in weakness and con-
finement, still the dread of despots; I sympathize
with him in his happy release; and now, as he
comes more within the sphere of our immediate
observation, amazement fills us all in the contem-
plation of his career, while he proceeds from land
to land, from city to ciiy, and with words of
matchless eloquepce, seems at times the fiery
sword of freedom, and then the trumpet of resur-
rection to the nations—rPuha,rtumm sftargens so num.
I know not how others have been impressed,
but I can call to mind no incident in history—no
event of peace or war—certainly none of war
—more strongly calculated—better adapted—to
touch and exalt the imagination and the heart than
his recent visit to. England. He landed on the
southern coast, not far from where William of
Normandy, nearly eight centuries ago,had landed;
not far from where, nineteen centuries ago, Julius
Caesar had landed also; but William, on the field
of Hastings, and Ca^ar, in his adventurous expe-
dition, made no conquest comparable in grandeur
to that achieved by the unarmed and unattended
Hungarian. A multitudinous people, outnumber-
ing far the armies of those earlier times, was sub-
dued by his wisdom and eloquence; and this exile,
proceeding from place to place, traversing the coun-
try , at last in the very heart of the kingdom, threw
down the gauntlet of the Republic. Without
equivocation, amidst the supporters of monarchy,
in the shadow of a lofty throne, he proclaimed
himself a republican, and proclaimed the republic!
as his cherished aspiration for Hungary. And
yet, amidst the excitement of this unparalleled
scene, with that discretion which I pray may
ever attend him, as a good angel—the ancient poet
aptly tells us that no Divinity is absent where
Prudence is present—he forbore all suggestion
of interference with the existing institutions of the
country whose guest he was, recognizing that vital
principle of self-government, by virtue of which
every State chooses for itself the institutions and
rulers which it prefers.
Such a character, thus grandly historic—a
living Wallace—a living Tell—I had almost &aid
a living Washington—deserves our homage; nor
am I tempted to ask if there be any precedent
for the resolution now under consideration.
There is a time for all things; and the time has
come for us to make a precedent in harmony
with this unprecedented career. The occasion
is fit; the hero is near; let us speak our wel-
come. It is true that, unlike Lafayette, he has
never directly served our country; but I cannot
admit that, on this account, he "is less worthy.
Like Lafayette, he periled life and all; like Lafay-
ette, he has done penance in an Austrian dungeon;
like Lafayette, he has served the cause of free-
dom; and whosoever serves this cause, whereso-
ever he may be, in whatever land, is entitled, ac-
cording to his works, to the gratitude of every true.
American bosom, of every true lover of mankind.
