1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
The bill was read.
This bill directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to adjust the accounts of said Skin-
ner, and allow him his back pay, pay for clothing,
three months' extra pay and bounty land, for his
services in the war with Mexico.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 160, for the relief of the heirs of
Jeremiah Wingate, came up as the next m order.
The bill and report were read.
The bill provides that the heirs of said Wingate
shall be confirmed in their title to a certain tract of
land lying on the north side of Nassau river, in
the State of Florida, and that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, upon the presentation
of the certificate of the surveys of said tract, shall
issue a patent for the same.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 164, for the relief of James A.
Pawns, came up as the next in order.
The bill and report were read.
This bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to adjust and settle the account of said
Pawns, late acting purser of the United States brig
Bainbridge, during the time that he acted as said
purser.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 166, " for the relief of Mon-
mouth B. Hart, Joel Kelly, and William Close,
securities for the late Benjamin F. Hart, a purser '
in the United States Navy," came up as next in I
order.
This bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of the late
Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the United States
Navy, shall credit him the amount of losses of
private stores, occasioned by the wreck of the
United States ship " Concord," to which he was
attached, as nearly as the same can be ascer-
tained.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. j
House bill No. 167, "for the relief of Isaac J
Cobb," came up as next in order. !
This bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to j
place the name of Isaac Cobb, of the State of |
Maine, on the pension list of the United States, 1
at the rate of twenty-four dollars per annum, com-
mencing the 4th of March, 1841, and to continue
during his natural life.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 169, " for the relief of Cather-
ine Clark," came up as next in order.
This bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Catherine Clark, of Virginia,
widow of William Clark, upon the half-pay pen-
sion roll of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing May 5. 1851, and
to continue for five years from that time.
There being no objection to this bill, it was laid !
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom- j
mendation that it do pass. 1
House bill No. 170, "for the relief of Jacob j
Shade," came up as next in order. j
This bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Jacob Shade upon the invalid !
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing on the 1st of January, 1853, and to
continue during his natural life.
Mr. AVERETT objected.
House bill No. 171, for the relief of Thomas P.
Dudley, came up as next tn order.
This bill provides that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall place the name of Thomas P. Dudley
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eleven dollars and twenty-five cents per month,
commencing with the 8th January, 1849, to con-
tinue during his natural life, as a reward for his
services in the battles of the 18th and 23d Jan-
uary, 1813, in the latter of which he was wounded
in his right shoulder, and in consequence of which
he has been unable to procure a subsistence by
manual labor.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to bereported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 172, for the relief of George Cas-
sady, came up as next in order.
This bill provides that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall place the name of George Cassady upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing with the 1st Jan-
uary, 3848, to continue during his natural life, as
a reward for an internal injury or wound occa-
sioned by a fall from his horse when on duty at
Fort Jesup, Louisiana.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill No. 173, for the relief of John Hazen,
came up as next in order.
Tins bill provides that the Secretaiy of the Inte-
rior shall place the name of John Hazen upon
the roll of invalid pensioneis, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 8th Jan-
uary, 1852, to continue during his natural life, as
a reward for the wounds he received in the right
ankle and foot by the falling of the timber of a
bridge which he was assisting to erect by order of
his commanding officer.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside, to bereported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order for the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Av-
erett,] who objected to the bill No. 170, to with-
draw his objection, and to lay the bill aside?
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
general consent.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to the withdrawal
of the objection.
House bill No. 174, for the relief of William
Dwelly, came up as next m order.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
tenor shall place the name of William Dwelly
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing with the 1st
January, 1851, during his natural life, as a reward
for injuries caused by falling from a rock, when
posted as a sentinel on the parapet of Fort Scammel.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise for explanation.
When 1 made objection to the withdrawal by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Averett] of his
objection to bill No. 170, pressed forward by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] he
[Mr. Averett] understood my objection as made
to the bill itself. I do not wish to have it so un-
derstood. I gave notice, that after an objection
had been made to a bill, and that bill was passed
by and another taken up, I should object to the
objection being withdrawn. And if the Chair is
of opinion that I have no right to control that
matter, and rules the point against me, then I shall
take my objection directly to the bill. But I wish
the committee to understand that the point I make
is this: that if a bill is read through, and objection
is made, I will not permit the objection to be with-
drawn after the next number on the calendar is
called.
Mr. AVERETT. I objected to that bill ori-
ginally, but, after further investigation, I became
satisfied that the report was correct, and that the
bill ought to pass. I ask leave to withdraw the
objection, and I claim the right.
The CHAIRMAN. The right hasalways been
exercised, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] has a cfear right to object to the bill.
Mr. AVERETT. Have 1 the right to with-
draw my objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has that
right, according to the custom of the committee
heretofore. .
Mr. SWEETSER. Then I make my objection
to the bill. ■ , i -
Mr. KING, of New York. Another rule is,
you shall not go back upon the calendar, except
by unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not ill order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Does the Chair decide that
my objection is not debatable.'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must so decide,
as he understands the practice of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Senate bill
No. 67, was heretofore stopped upon my objection,
and I desire to -withdraw it.
upon my objection. Having since examined the
papers, I am satisfied that my objections were not
well founded, and I now withdraw the objection.
It was unanimously reported by the Committee on
Commerce, and I hope it will now be passed.
Mr. SACKETT. I understand that the practice
of the House, so far as the last Congress is con-
cerned, was this: that you could not go back during
the same day, to withdraw an objection interposed
to the passage of a bill in committee. The very
object of this objection is, to allow members time
to examine the case; but you can go back,-in case
objection was made upon a previous day. There-
fore, I think the gentleman has a right to with-
I draw it.
I Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. In relation to
bill No. 170, upon which this whole discussion has
j sprung up, there is now no objection, and the bill
i will be laid aside.
I The CHAIRMAN. There is no objection,
except to discussion. [Laughter.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I objected.
Mr. HARRIS. You objected to the gentle-
! man's withdrawing his objection, and the Chair
| decides that you have no right to make that ob-
jection.
| Mr. SWEETSER. Do I understand the Chair
i to decide that, where an objection is made to" a
1 bill, and it is laid aside, and the committee pass
j to the next case, if the objection is subsequently
! withdrawn, we can go back '
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair determines
that such was the practice of the last Congress,
I and that, where there is no positive rule, theprac-
! tice of the committee, or the House, obtains, of
course, as a rule.
Mr. SWEETSER. If the Chair makes that
decision, I appeal from it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
: question of order. I understand that the subject
' upon which thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. SwisET-
! see] proposes to take an appeal, had passed from
I before the committee when I made a motion to
[ have an objection to another bill withdrawn. I
I object to the gentleman's overslaughing my mo-
! tion in that sort of style.
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sweetser] appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
' Mr. KING, of New York. As this is a sub-
ject of some importance, 1 desire to understand
I clearly what the decision is.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided,
'■ upon the practice of the last Congress, that if a
i gentleman withdraws his objection to a bill, that
! then that bill may proceed, if there is no other
person objecting to it.
; Mr. KING. But where there is an objection
I to going back, then it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the Chair
i is confined to the objection of the day.
! Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order to say any-
1 thing upon the appeal ?
' The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to dis-
i cusw any question before the commiuee.
i The question was then taken, Shall the decision
i of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
! miltee? and there were, upon a division—ayes 77,
I noes not counted. .
So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
i Mr. MARSHALL. Do I understand that the
I Chair has decided that I cannot withdraw my ob-
! jection now to the bill? _ .
| The CHAIRMAN. If there is any objection
I to it, the Chair decides that the gentleman cannot
I withdraw it.
! Mr SWEETSER. I do not understand how
' the Chair decides that. That is what I have been
' at'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It must be within
' the recollection of the gentleman from Kentucky,
! [Mr Marshall,] and of the members of this
i committee, who were here during the last Con-
i o-ress, that a bill having been objected to, and
! passed over, a gentleman could «ot go back to it
i and withdraw an objection, for the very reason, as
! it was ur^ed upon one or two occasions, that the
! friends of the bill might make an objection to it,
I and then, when those who were really opposed to
! lt were absent, might withdraw their objection to
■ the bill and pass it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand that case to
Mr "SRYMOUR. of New York. I merely wish ji ml. — - - - .
to  ii fhe attention of the. Chair to the fact, that |j be^totally different from Aeon^^ed. ^
Senate bill No. 67, was laid aside some time since ;
The CHAIRMAN.
