1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOS&
$1 .
The resolution before us commends itself by its
simplicity and completeness. In this respect, it
seems tome preferable to that of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Shielbs;]  or is it obnoxious to
objections urged against that of the Senator from
Mississippi; [Mr. Foote,] nor do I see that it can-
give any just umbrage, in our<iipiom tic relations,
even to the sensitive representative of the house of
Austria. Though we have the high authority of
the President i-nliis message for styling our guest
''Governor"—a title which seems to imply the tfe
facto independence of Hungary at the very time
When our Government declined' to acknowledge
jt—the resolution avoids this diffteulty, and speaks
of him without title of any kind—simply as a pri-
vate citizen. As such, it offers him a welcome
to the capital and' to the country.
The comity of nations I respect. To thebehests
of the law of nations I profoundly bow. As in
our domestic affairs, all acts are brought to the
Constitution, as to a touchstone; so, in our
foreign affairs, all acts are brought to the touch-
stone of the law of nations—that supreme law—•
the world*s collected will—which overarches the
grand Commonwealth of Christian States. What
that forbids 1 forbear to do. But no text of this
voluminous code, no commentary, no gloss, can
be found which forbids us to welcome any exile
of freedom.
Looking at this resolution in its various lights;
as a carrying out of the act of the last Congress;
as justly due to the exalted character of our guest;
ana as proper in form, and consistent with the law i
of nations, it seems impossible to avoid the con-
clusion in its favor. On its merits it would natu-
rally be adopted. And here I might stop.
But an appeal has been made against the resolu-
tion on grounds which seem to me extraneous and
irrelevant. It has been attempted to involve it with
the critical question of intervention by our country
in European affairs; and recent speeches in Eng-
land and New York have been adduced to show
that such intervention is sought by our guest. It
is sufficient to say, in reply to this suggestion, in-
troduced by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Bf.k-
rien] with a skill which all might envy—and also
by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr Miller]—
ihat no such interwrveaiion is promised or implied
by the resolution. It does not appear on the face of
the resolution; it cannot, in any way, be inferred
from the resolution. It can be found only in the
imagination, in the anxieties, or m the fears of
Senators. It is a mere ghost, and not a reality.
As such we may dismiss it. But I feel strongly
on this point, and desire to go further.
While thus warmly joining-ill this tribute, let me
be understood as in norespectencoxiraging any idea
of armed intervention in European affairs. Such a
system would open phials of perplexities and ills,
which I trust our country will never be called to
affront. In the wisdom of Washington we may
find perpetual .counsel. Like Washington, in
his eloquent word's to the Minister of the French
Directory, I would offer sympathy and God speed
to all, m every land, who struggle for Human
Ris-hts; but, sternly as Yfashington, on another
occasion, against every pressure, against all popu-
lar appeals', against all solicitations, against all
blandishments, I would uphold with steady hand
thepeaceful neutrality of the country. Could I now
approach our mighty guest, I would say to him with
the respectful frankness of a friend; " Be content
with the outgushing sympathy which you now so
marvelously inspire everywhere throughout this
wide-spread land', and may it strengthen your soul!
Trust in God, m the inspiration of your cause,
and in the Great Future, pregnant with freedom
for all mankind. But respect our ideas, as we re-
spect yours. Do not seek to reverse our tradi-
tional, established policy of Peace. Do not, under
the too plausible sophism of upholding non-interven-
tion, provoke American intervention on distant Euro-
peal soil. Leave us to tread where Washington
points the way." . .
And yet with these convictions, Mr. President,
which I now most sincerely express, 1 trust the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Berriex] will pardon me
when I say that I cannotjoin in his proposed amend-
ment; and for this specific reason. It attaches to
an act of courtesy and welcome a condition, which,
however just as an independent proposition, is most
ungracious in such connection. It is out of place,
and everything out of place is, to a certain extent,
offensive. If adopted, it would impair, if not de-
stroy, the value of our act. A generous Hospitality
will not make terras or condition's with a guest;
| and such hospitality, I trust-, Congress will tender
to Louis Kossuth.
Mr. STOCKTON". Mr. President, surrounded
by Senators of so great ability—so experienced by
many years in council—it is with profound defer-
ence to their superior wisdom, that I mingle my
voice in this debate. I would much prefer being
an auditor, but the extraordinary nature of thesub-
ject now under consideration, as well as of some
of the doctrines insisted upon by those who oppose
the resolution, compel me, however ril'uctant, to
trespass for a few moments on your attention.
What is the subject of your deliberations? sim-
ply, whether or not you shall carry out the initia-
tive hospitality of a preceding Congress. The
adoption of the resolution " has this extent, no
more." It is the natural sequel- of the resolution
of the last Congress, inviting the Hungarian exile
to these shores. It contemplates nothing further.
| It involves no question of foreign policy—it looks
! neither to intervention nor to non-intervention.
I Sir, 1 regard the honor of Congress more than
I do Mr. Kossuth. The truth is, sir—and I might
as well frankly avow it—some of tlie sentiments
and opinions of this distinguished stranger and
illustrious exile are not my sentiments or opinions
in regard to the workings and the fesults of th£
British monarchy. But let that pass. I am glad
that he has been received with so much cordiality
by the people "of New York, and that the Tam-
many Hall men and the Whigs have united to ;
make his reception most honorable and gratifying
to him. I commend this fact to the remembrance
of the Senator from Kentucky, who, if he had
known as much of the honor and virtue and
patriotism of Old Tammany as he does of those
old and time-honored principles of international law
which would prevent an American citizen from
expressing the honest feelings of a republican free-
man without rebuke, lie would have saved the
fling he made at the old Democratic'Wigwam-in
New Yoik. But let that pass too. Sir, in view
of the peaceful struggle now going on ill the world
between the friends of free government and des-
potism, it seems to me to be proper and' right that
his reception here should be hospitable and affec-
tionate. Congress have made lum the guest of the
nation—as such the people in New York have
received him. Europe will discern an emphatic \
moral in the event. The despots who drove him j
forth from his country, to seek an asylum here i
j among the sons of liberty, will see from the greet- '
i ing which we extend to him that the people of the
1 United States fear them not; that on all suitable
i occasions we will speak out our abhorrence of
! their atrocious systems of government, and our
; sympathy with those gallant men, whether suc-
j cessful or unsuccessful, who strike a blow in
' defence of national independence and free gov-
1 eminent. By the course proposed, we shall
I testify our fidelity to the principles of ourRevqJu-
! tion, and show that our Republic is- steadfast in
| the faith of Washington and his compatriots.
t We will teach the world, that whatever of worth
j or wisdom, of exalted devotion to enlightened free-
! dom, despotism in Europe may expel from her
1 shores, will be appreciated here; that here our
! arms will be stretclied forth and our doors open
i wide to welcome the exiled patriot; that in pro-
portion to the ferocity of his persecution there,
1 will be tile cordiality cif his reception here. But,
! sir, we are told that we will get entangled with
J other nations if we do this honor to Kossuth, and
| that blows will probably follow words. Well,
sir, I am no prophet: I cannot tell what will
happen. But suppose it should produce such a
state of things, what then? Why, sir, we have
got a Secretary of State who, with one oscillation
of his great mind would blow all their fine-spun
webs into thin air, and we have a gallant N-avy
who will teach them that blows will be given as
well as received. Sir, I am not one of those who
think that no change will ever be made in the prin-
ciples of national policy which govern our foreign
relations; on the contrary, I feel assured that
the wonderful growth and development of the
United States, far exceeding in amount and rapidi-
ty the most sanguine expectations of the founders
of the Republic, will demand a modification of
our national policy, in various respects different
from that which prevailed in the infancy of the
country. For the sake merely of illustrating this-
position, and in- reference to what fell fro mi the
honorable Senator ffom Massachusetts;- J wilt
faraard the assertion, that the rigid: neutrality of the
Washington administration-, wise and jast as- rt
th'en was, would not now (if a similar belligerent
State of the world existed) be possible. Then:
mjr weakness admonished: US' not to' risk the trW
of our strength-, or tempt the hazards of War. We
Wisely suffered much, submitted'tb many wrongs*
and endured them as less evils than war with
a powerful adversary. In truth, we consulted-tKW
dictates of a masterly prudence, in preference to 
indulging tli-e martial spirit of our country. Wef
chose to nurse the infant Hercules, until he should
be able to encounter, upon more equal terms', th<>
monsters he was destined to overthrow. 1 need
not say how the proud spirit of America chafed,
and fretted under the insults and aggressions of
Great Britain and France. It is recorded in his-
tory that we submitted not without murmurs of
dissatisfaction. But the injuries- of the boy should
not rankle in the memory of the wise man. I
have adverted to them only to show the change
which has taken place in these principles, which
will no doubt hereafter govern our foreign rela-
tions. No American statesman can now contem-
plate any condition of the world, or any principle
of public policy which would for a moment permit
the United States to submit to any indignity from
any power on earth. We acknowledge no sup$ 
riors. Nay; all Christendom combined would not
appal the stout heart of America. In a good cause,-
and'with a united people, we know and feel thatw®
are invincible.
Mr. President, it has become quite fashionable
to approve and applaud constitutional monarchies';
and the Government of Great Britain has been-
more than once referred to. Sir, I have not found,
either in her traditions or her histories, one forward
step in the cause of free government which sh 
has taken except by compulsion. Look at her,
and you will see a country whose government is
monarchical and whose institutions are essential-
ly aristocratical, the most prominent feature of
which is the degradation of the masses. There,
sir, the land, the operative capital, the law-making"
power, are in the hands of comparatively a few;
while all the rest are reduced to a state of practi-
cal slavery of the worst kind—obliged to worfe
for masters who are under no corresponding obli-
gation to provide for their wants. Sir, this statff
of things in England is subversive of all the end#
of just government. Their work-houses are crowd-
ed to overflowing; their home prisons- and' their
convict receptacles abroad are peopled with the-
miserable results of their domestic serfdom. The>
end of all government should be the promotion of
human happiness, the elevation of human nature;
and a republican government is best calculated to
realize these results. The issue in the coming
struggle, disguise it as you may, is betwefen king#
and- republicans; and,'in my judgment, has cob-
menced, in the amicable struggle now going- ore
| for British or American ascendency on the ocean-.
• The national sensibilities on both' sides arrt keenly
j awakened and excited with reference to the con-
| test. For my part, 1' desire the ascendency of re-
| publican principles. All kings are alike to me. T
desire the ascendency of my country Over alt-
| others—I desire, from my heart, success in this-
I gigantic struggle for supremacy on the ocean. I
j desire to see the trident of the seas wrenched
' from the tenacious grasp of that haughty and
! kingly empire—not for the purpose of ambitious'
; extension—not to tyrannize or'dictate, in the spirit
1 of an intermeddling propagandism; but to hasten-
' the time when the sword shall no longer be the
i arbiterof national disputes. Peace is the true policy
| of this Republic. Peace is the animating gemus-of
i our institutions.
When the United States shall become the mogt-
powerful of all the nations of the globe, then I be-
lieve the time will have arrived when the principles'
of right reason, of humanity, and of Christianity,
will exert their natural and superior power in ma?-
kin™ war no longer the last resort for the settle-
ment of national quarrels. If we shall then pre-
sume to dictate, we will dictate Peace as- the-
sovereign law of all nations, and War as the vi'o^
lation of that universal law. If ambition for the*
ascendency of my country for such a purpose be
censurable, I invoke the censure it merits; but be-
fore the world I declare this to be the spirit of my
ambition.
