52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of saying to the Senator from New Jersey who
has just taken his seat, that I should have asked
the privilege of making an explanation during the
progress of his remarks but for my reluctance to
say anything while lie was making the speech
which he has so handsomely delivered, I hope
lie did not understand me when I spoke the other
day as casting any reflection of an insulting char-
acter upon Tammany or the Tammany Society.
If he did so understand me, he certainly misun-
derstood me, because I had no such intention.
On the contrary, I spoke of the movement there
as one indicating a disposition to change the long-
settled policy of the country. I spoke of them as
a body entitled to e;reat influence, and possessing
great influence, and I deprecated the movement on
that account. I have risen merely for the purpose
of putting myself right, I hope, in his estimation,
and particularly in the estimation of the gentlemen
who may compose that society, with which I ac-
knowledge I have no great acquaintance, as the
gentleman might have known from our relative
positions on the continent. I have made this
statement to show that I meant no indignity what-
ever to lhat Society, and I hope that I shall not
be understood as having designed anything of the
kind.
Mr. CLEMENS said: Mr. President, I regret
very sincerely that this resolution was introduced.
It is painful to do anything seemingly discour-
teous, and as I must oppose the adoption of this
and all similar resolutions, I should greatly have
preferred that the especial champions of Louis
Kossuth .had been content to leave him in the
hands of the people, without dttemptin^to commit
the Government to any of his schemes for revo-
lutionizing Europe.
I have listened, Mr. President, with great at-
tention to oil that has been said in this debate,
and if I have been convinced of nothing else, 1 am
at least satisfied that the resolution on your table
furnishes a most excellent subject for speech-
niaiaug. It possesses the peculiar advantage, that
the less we know about it, the better we can talk
upon it. We may then give free rains to the
imagination, and "fancy can supply all that is
needed to give beauty to a sentence in- symmetry
to the whole discourse. A great man bent, but
not broken by misfortune; an exile pleading tile
cause of his bleeding country; a gallant people,
struggling for freedom against overwhelming
odds, overpowered, crushed for a tune, but only
waiting for a ray of hope, a word of sympathy,
to rise again upon their oppressors; all these are
themes upon which even a dull man might grow
eloquent. The misfortune is, that so much of It is
flinty; so little in fact. I understand the friends of
Kossuth to base his claims to a public reception
by Congress, partly upon the assumed fact that
he is a republican m principle, and has been the
great disseminator of republican sentiments
throughout Europe; and I have heard, 1 must
confess with some regret, that he was expected to
Hbemlhe still more the already liberal ideas pre-
vailing upon this continent. In other words, that
he is to Lrsve lessons to the descendants of the pa-
ti r>ts of '70, and teach this benighted land the rudi-
ments of civil liberty. Sir, I think it well enough
to inquire, before we enter his school, when he be-
came a republican ' ff I have read the history of
that struggle aright, it was not until defeat and
misfortune had overtaken him. In the zenith
of his power—in the pride of his high place as
Dictator of Hungary, he saw 110 beauty m univer-
sal equahty, and knelt at no altar erected to Free-
dom. T!ie contest in which he was engaged was
not a contest between despotism and republi-
canism. It was a war of races. Kossuth and
his associates were the oppressors, not the op-
pressed. So far from rebelling against the Em-
peror of Austria, they petitioned him, m the
/nimblest terms, not for liberty, not for the se-
curity of their own rights, but for aid to enable
then to keep another people in subjection. I have
that petition before me. A short extract from it
will enable the Senate to determine how far the
Magyars at that day deserved the character of
vepubhca.UK:
From a ^fcmorial presented to the Jtrchduke bif Kossuth
and the Hungarian Ministry, July 4th, 3 848
«If his highness the Archduke John will bestow a care-
ful attention upon ail that we have just said, he cannot but
b" cotivii"'!'ii of the tine character of the rebellion of those
Scutes, wbivb sa&ko great prot#nsioasef fidelity to
ereign, whilst violating the royal authority, he cannot but
perceive that even their offer of joining Austria is merely a
leigned pretext, in order to give at rhe crisis of the struggle
such a superiority to the Sclavish element m Austria, that,
alter thus completely paralyzing the German element, and
undermining the Austrian throne, the empire shall be split
up into independent Sclavn>h kingdoms, and the very exist-
ence of the Au^tuan Imperial House shall be thus buried.
" And yet loyalty and attachment to the King is so deeply
rooted in the heart of the Hungarian nation, that the II-
lyrian rebeh are loell aware, that in openly exhibitingtkeir
intentions, they will not meet any sympathy. They have
therefore come forward in the spirit of reaction, as the
pseudo-heroes of the royal authority, and against the Hun-
garian nation, who have not attacked the royal power, for
whom a legal independence and a constitutional adminis-
tration i-s not a recent grant, hut an ancient right, sanctioned
by innumerable royal oaths—against the Hungarian nation,
which at this present moment, when almost every throne
m civilized Euiope is tottering7) emains not only the firm-
est, but the only fiim prop of the Austrian throne. This
feeling and this experience have led us to to request the
kind assistance of his Highness the •Archduke John with
respect to the Illyr'uin rebellion
* * * * *•*•* + *#
" The dislojal rebels actually boast of Hie support of the
offended tuhng House itself! And when we requested lu«
Maje-ty, in order to enlighten the unhappy and deceived
people, by his own handwriting, to let the people know that
ins Majesty disappioves ot tire rebellion, and is determined
to maintain, in all their integrity, the solemnly affirmed in-
violability of Ike Huns,atian Crown and tiie authority of
the laws," tire leaders of the lebels deceived the people by
declaring that thiw has not been done voluutanh on the part
of his MajfstN, but that it is merely an unwilling expression,
extorted by the Hungarian Ministry, thiough meatu of
compulsion."
The Illyrian rebels, against whom Kossuth so
humbly petitioned the aid of the'King, had de-
manded, and were strutting to obtain, some small
portion of the natural rights of man, and the war
which finally ended in the subjugation of Hungary
was begun by the Magyars to keep the Sclavoman
race in subjection—a people every way their
equals, and who, if we are to judge from the dif-
ferent character of the petitions presented by them,
seem to me to have been far better entitled to the
sympathies of a free people than Kossuth and his
associates.
I have read the petition of the Magyars: let me
now call the attention of the Senate to that of their
antagonists:
Ck Emperor, if yon reject our prayers, we shall know how
to vindn-ate oui Iiherlv without yon; and we prefer to die
lioiou-ally, like a Sclavoninn people, ratherthan to heai any
fongci --noii a }oke as is imposed upon us !>y an Asiatic
hoide, from whom we have nothing good to receive or to
leain. Empeioi, know that we pieter, u' we must choose
between them, the knout ot theUussims to the indolence
of the Magyars. We will not, on any tonus, belong to the
Mn?>ar<?. Remember, that if Croatia forms but a thirty-
fit th part o£ your empire, the Uioatians constitute a third of
youi whole inUntiy."
Sir, the men who uttered such sentiments de-
served to be free. They are words fit to be spoken
by freemen, and I must be excused if I cannot
fee! any extraordinary enthusiasm in the cause of a
man who sought to hold them in bondage. The
question with me is, not whether he pi caches free-
dom and equality now, when he is a wanderer and
an exile, hut rather, what was his practice when
power was m his hands, and when to have sur-
rendered that power would have been indeed ament
worthy of a world's admiration. The task of
tracing the history of that period alfords me no
pleasure, but when I am called upon, as the repre-
sentative of a sovereign State, to aid in conferring
on any individual an extraordinary honor, it is my
duty to ascertain how far that honor is deserved.
What, then, was his course during the whole prog-
ress* of the memorable struggle in which he was
engaged? Did he ever at any time give utterance
to a republican sentiment? <3n the contrary, was
not his whole course that of a determined and
haughty oppressor' "When the demands of the
Sclavonians were rejected by the House of Austria,
and (hey pioposed to join their forces to his, upon
the sole condition that he should guaranty them
equal rights and equal privileges, his reply was as
haughty and imperious as any ever uttered by the
most absolute despot to the humblest slave:
<•' There aie tlnee punciples which must prove as a basis
to any cojKihofion, and in regard to which WE SHALL
COY CEDE NOTHING, ON ANYCONDfTIOY WHAT-
EVER, foi it would amount to committing .suicide with our
own hands: !
•' l*t. The unity of the State.
" 2d. The integrity of the territory of the State as it has
existed for centimes.
"3d, THE SUPREMACY OF THE MAGYAR ELE-
MENT, acquired one thousand years ago by the armed
hand, the foundation of our autonomy, and consecrated by
the use of the Magyar as the diplomatic language."
This was on the ]0th of June, 1849, only two
months before th« armies of Hungary were anai-
j hilated—-Gorgy a prisoner and Kossuth a fugitive
! in the dominions of the Turk. Even at that late
| moment the supremacy of the Magyar element was
: announced as. an indispensable basis of any con-
| ciliation; and it thus becomes apparent that the
] right to enslave others rather than the right to be
j free themselves, constituted the main object of the
[ war. The supremacy of the Magyar element was
I the leading idea, and much of the sympathy and
j enthusiasm which the advent of Kossuth has ex-
| cited in this republican land might well have been-
1 reserved for worthier objects. 1 expect to be told.,
that whatever may have been hisformer sentiments
he is now a republican in feeling and principle.
Indeed the Senator from Massachusetts has already
informed us that he has dared to utter such senti-
ments within the shadow of the throne of England*
j I have not so read his speeches. I have read a
j great deal in praise of the British constitution—
! nothing against the hereditary Kins: and the hered-
| ita^-y nobility which disgrace it. British freedom
j is not freedom ,-as we understand it, and praises of
| the British constitution do not furnish the highest
' evidence of a clear conception of the principles of
i civil liberty. At all events, if we concede all that
' is claimed for him now, we must still bear in mind
! that he is only a recent convert* As long as there
! was a hope of his maintaining an iron rule over a>
| people far more numerous than his own, republi-
: canism never entered his thoughts. There is not
! a solitary paper emanating from him or hi« asso-
ciates during the continuance of the war which
, does not establish clearly and conclusively that no-
' one of them ever dreamed of the formation of a
, republic. The language of Count Pulzsky is too
I explicit to leave a doubt upon this point:
| "The most current misrepresentation of the Hungarians
: is, that theyaie Republicans, and that they have proclaimed,
j the RepuHu m such of ihp Hungarian counties as aie in
, their power, which now comprise almost all the Hungarian
j territory. This assemon is often unwarily reechoed by
; fiiends of the Hungarians, who, considering that the Queen
of England maintains amicable relation-* with the Republic
! of the United States, with the Repuh'ir of France, and the
. Republic of Switzerland, are not altogether horrified at the
| Repu&ltcaai appellation. But the leal state of the matter
, is, that the Ihmgauans ARE NOT REPUBLICANS, and
that the Republic has ,iot been proclaimed an-ynhere m
llungaiy."
There is more, much more, to the same effect,
; but it is not needful for me to refer to it. As an
! individual, I am willing to concede to Kossuth
| whatever of merit he can justly claim; but I am
| not willing to say by my, vote or otherwise, that
! I regard him as a purer patriot than Washington—
! a greater statesman than Jefferson, or a more skill-
| ful General than Jackson. There are living men
I now within the limits of this city whom I look
| upon as altogether his superiors. I am not one of
those to whose vision it is said " distance lends
enchantment." J respect rather that greatness
which is near m&—which I do not have to take
upon the unceitain reports of others. If the near-
ness of the object should disclose infirmities—if
dark spots or weak points should be revealed by-
it, I can still revere what is good and appreciate
what is great, without looking for a perfection
which is denied to man. I can kneel among the
rank weeds at the base of a lofty mountain and
worship the grandeur of the Almighty's work,
without remembering the petty or the worthless
things around me.
One of the most serious mistakes which has
crept into this discussion, is the confident assump-
tion that Kossuth is " the invited guest of the
Nation." I deny it, broadly and explicitly. If
he ever read the resolution under which he"came
he could not possibly have so understood it. That
' resolution was carefully and deliberately drawn by
} theSenntor from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,J whose
! knowledge of language is familiar to us all, and
; who we all know is not addicted to the use of
: words the full import of which he does not under-
stand. It is in these words :
I A Resolution for the relief of Louis Kossuth and his Asso-
} ciatfii. exiles from Hungary.
j Wherea* the people of the United States sincerely syirr-
j pathize witn the Hungarian exiles, Kossuth and his associ-
ates. and fully appreciate the magnanimous conduct of the
i Turkish Government in recemng and treating these noble
; exiles with kindlier and hospitality ; and. if it be the wish
of these exiles to emigrate to the United States, and the
; will of the Sultan to permit them to leave his dominions:
i Therefore,
! Beitresolved hythe Senate and Houseof Representatives
: of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled.
, That the President ot the United States be and he hereby
ls requested to authorize the employment of some one of
^ tIm putjJi* vessels wbwii may avw be wniaiag «i tke iledv-
