mm,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
ally, of course, I did not say that our policy
mubt result in their extermination, but that the
natural tendency of things must result in their ex-
termination, unless they become civilized.
Air. STANTON, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the amendment, of the gentleman. I do not think
the original amount is any to-o much. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Sibley] will not prevail here. It is not large
enough. It does not hold out inducements
enough, and therefore it cannot succeed. [Laugh-
ter.] I confess myself a little shocked-at some of
the sentiments I have heard advanced upon this
floor. One reason that is urged against granting
this in the shape of what is called a gratuity, is,
that they have now annuities.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
question of order, regretting very much to be
compelled to interrupt the gentleman. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Vexable] pre-
sented an amendment, the adoption of which he
advocated for five minutes. The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, now occupying the floor, is
speaking in favor of the same amendment. It is
inconsistent with the rules that two speeches shall
be made in favor of the samfe amendment. I wish
to speak in opposition to the amendment, if I am
permitted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair's attention was
called to the precise point made by the gentleman
from Arkansas; but m scrutinizing the language
of the gentleman, failed to discover, .so far as he
had proceeded, any positive exhibition of a posi-
tion in \iolation of his right, under the rule, to
speak in opposition to the pending amendment.
The original amendment, as the Chair is advised,
is for the sum of $50,000. The present proposi-
tion is to increase that amount, and the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio must be in opposition
to that increase. The Chairman will here re-
mark, that he too fully appreciates the importance
of free, unirammeled discussion, to limit it unne-
cessarily; but it is obvious to every gentleman of
the committee, that the strong tendency on the
part of gentlemen is to extend this into a miscel-
laneous debate, which will be a violation, substan-
tially, of the order of the House, and the Chair
resolves that no further discussion upon the gen-
eral merits of the bill shall be had, and that gen-
tlemen shall be allowed only the privilege estab-
lished by the rule of five minutes in explanation,
either in favor or opposition of the pending
amendment. The gentleman from Ohio will limit
himself, as the Chair trusts every gentleman will,
to the privilege accorded by the rules. The gen-
tleman will therefore speak in opposition to the
amendment.
Mr. S TANTON. I was about to remark, if I
am at liberty to proceed, that 1 understood gentle-
men to have urged here as a reason why we ought
not to grant this in the shape of a gratuity, that-
we are now paying some ^800,000 in the shape
of annuities to these fndians. That is no gratuity.
We have received three times over the amount
proposed hv the amendment. If they had the
first principle of justice done them they would
have this amount many times over. "What is the
original proposition ? It is that you shall set apart
a poor fund to save these Indians from starvation.
It is nothing" more nor nothing less. It is not tiiat
they shall be supported—that they shall be ex-
empted from exertion. The inducement to labor
will not be taken away. Jt is that when they
come to the door of starvation—when they have
no means of seouiing anything to sustain nature
that they shall be supported. It is nothing more
n'u* less. Now I assert that one dollar spent for
bread is worth one hundred dollars expended^for
powder to preserve the peace of the frontier. Gen-
tlemen want estimates from the Department. Did
von have an estimate to appropriate $5,000,000
to Ireland? I want to know that. It is well
known you had no estimate from the Treasury
for that." Did you have an estimate for the ap-
propriation to the Collins line of steamers? home
gentlemen on the Committee of "W ays and Mentis,
who ore now so distressed about precedents with
regard to gratuities, have favored, -without esti-
mates being had from the Department, the appro-
priation of millions to the Collins line, winch is
bi«" with consequences as a precedent. They are
opposed to the poor fund for fear of its being maae
a precedent. I should like to see the distinction
between the two appropriations demonstrated.
The best way, Mr. Chairman, to preserve peace
with the Indian tribes is to deal justly, kindly, and
generously by them. You hare taken from them
their lands, you have destioyed their game, you
have taken away the means of their subsistence,
and starvation is the necessary consequence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have.to
interrupt the gentleman and decide that his course
of remark is-out of order. He must confine him-
self to opposition to the amendment.
"Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I rise to speak
in opposition to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The presumption is that
the gentleman fiom Ohio was speaking in opposi-
tion to the amendment, and the gentleman from
Arkansas will remember that the ruleof the House
permits but one speech in the opposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I raised a point of order on
the gentleman from Ohio. The Chair decided that
the remarks of the gentleman were not in opposi-
tion to the amendment, and called him to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair intimated to
the gentleman that he must limit his remarks to
the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. My object simply was to
stop the debate.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then being put upon Mr. Sim.f/r's
amendment,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Houston and
Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 41, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
The following clause of the bill was read:
Foi interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw claim-
ants micUn tliu ibuitecnth at tide of tliti treaty ot* Dancing
italibit Creek, of thf 27th September,* &3u, for lands* on
which thev redded, but what it is tinposMblc to give them,
and in heuof these" se:ip has been awarded under the act ot
the 23d of August, 1840 wot dchveiabie east by the third
section of haul law, $43.600."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the direc-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
propose to strike out all after the word " thirty,"
in the eighty-fourth line, to the word " dollars,"
inclusive, in the eighty-ninth line, and insert the
following:
From the 1st of July, 1852, to the date of the passage of
an act entitled " An act to supply deficiencies* in the appro-
priation foi the llhCctl yjar ending the 3Uth June, 1852," a
sum not exceeding $2,0U0.
Mr. J. This provision of §43,G00, originally re-
ported in this bill by the Committee of Ways and
Means, was to pay the five per cent, interest upon
the ^872,000 which is owinj? by the United Slates
to the Choctaw Indians under the treaty of Dan-
cing Rabbit Creek. It will be recollected that in
the deficiency bill we have appropriated $872,000
for the payment of the principal, and «lso for the
payment of the interest up to the first of this
month. We now propose to strike out this appro-
priation for the interest upon that debt foi the
current fiscal year, and appropriate this $"2,000,
which is to cover the interest from tile commence-
ment of this fiscal year up to the time this debt
shall be paid to the Choctaw Indians.
Mr. HUNTIiR. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, because it is only three days since we have
passed a law by which we provide expressly that
110 interest shall be paid after the first day of this
month. It is a law reported from that same com-
mittee, which provides for the payment of this
claim, and one of its sections declares that no in-
terest shall be paid after the 30th day of June,
1852. .
Mr. JONES. We have not paid the money
upon the first of the month, and we cannot pay it
until the deficiency hill shall be approved by the
President. I ask the gentleman if he is opposed
to paying the interest upon that debt from the first
day of July until the money shall be appropriated
to pay the interest?
Mr. HUNTER. I will answer the gentleman
very briefly. I directed the attention of the com-
mittee to that very section at the time it was under
consideration. While the bill was under consid-
eration, I asked why it was in that shape, as there
was a clause in it which provided in express terms
that no interest should be paid after that q^v? 1
was opposed to the bill then, for I thought there
was something in it which ought not to be there.
I am opposed to paying interest in'that wayyas=if
it were paid upon that day,-and no later* *'
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones s
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in^after the-92d-line,
constituting a new clause: ' •
For payment to the Chickasaw Indians for the arnouni
of defalcation of Captain R. L>. C.. Collins, United' States
difeburMtig agent, together with the interest thereon, at the
rate of siv per cent, per artntim from March, 1839, until
paid. §24,982 28. -
This is an arnount of money which .wasplaced
in the hands of thve United States disbtvsirig ageijt,
during a period runningsome\yhere.bfetweenji834
and 1839, R. D, C. Collins,captain in the U.nit-^d
States Army. That agent became a defaulter, and
among the other sums of money with which he
defaulted, was the amount of twenty-f6nr thou-
sand nine hundred and odd dollars of the furjds of
the Chickasaw nation. By express treaty with
that tribe of Indians, we were hound to invest the
whole of their funds in such a manner as should'
bring them an interest to be paid to them in the
shape of an annuity. Their accounts remained un-
settled until they themselves produced them. They
have appointed a delegation of their own number,
who are now tn this city. They have come here
to examine before the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs into their accounts.
The amount was placed by the Government of.
the TJmted States in the jiands of their owri dis-
bursing agent, and when he broke up as a defaul-
ter, this remaining amount, had never been ac-
counted for.- This it is proposed to place to the
credit of the Indians, on the books.
I will now read letters from the Treasury De-
partment, from the Secretary of the Interior , and
from the Commissioner of Indian .Affairs. This
letter is from the Treasury Department, arid is
addressed to Colonel Lea, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
I will ask gentlemen who wish to understand
this case, to give their attention to the written
statements of the Departments, rather than to any-
thing I could say:
Treasury Department, )
Second Auditor's Office, June 16, 1852. $
Sir: In answer to yours of the 15th instant, requesting
to b< informed of the amount unaccounted for, by the late
Caotain R. D. C. Collins, for " carrying into effect treaties
wiih the Chickasaw?, per act 20th April, 1836"—
The amount standing against Captain Collins, on the
books of this office, unaccounted for, is $24,982,28.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
P. CLAYTON,
Second. Auditor.
Colonel L. Lea, Commissioner of Indian rfjfairs.
The report from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, is to the following effect:
Department op the Interior, )
Officf Imdivn Affairs, July 14, 1852. $
Sir : J have the honor to tiansimt, herewith, copy of a
letter addi c«scd to this* ofiice on the 17th of May last, by S.
Folsoifi, a Chickasaw, dulv authorized by his people to. at-
tend to then business at Washington, in which he calls my
attention to an alleged balance of §24,982 -28 due theCbick-
asaws, by reason of a lailuie on the part of the late Captain
R. D. (J. Collins, United States Army, a disbursing agent, to
account to the Government for the same-
Upon rcceipt of the letter referred to, I addressed a'com-
munication to thp Second Auditor of the Treasury, asking
to be informed of the sum unaccounted for by the late Cap-
tain Collins, on Chickasaw account; and was advised by
that officer thai it amounted to $24,982 28, the sum alleged
to be due the tribe by Mr. Folsom, as stated above. A copy
of the Auditor's letter, dated 16th ultimo, advising me of
tins fact, is also herewith transmitted to you-
Additional evidence of the delault ot Captain Collins
mav ho had on refeience to report No. 453j from the Com-
mittee on I'ublic Expenditures of the House of Represent-
atives.—See Vol. II., Reports of Committees '27th Oon-
(rre^.Qd session. ' , . ,
There is no doubt that the sum claimed by Mi. Folsom
forms a balance of the fund which, fiom time to time, was
Placed in tlu> hands of Captain Collins to be disbursed on
account of the Chickasaw*-, and that he failed to do so, or
to account tor the same at the office of the Second Auditor.
Ili:« but ju^t, therefore, that the claim should he allowed,
and that arrangements be made foi its final settlement.
With i e°ard to the payment ot interest on this demand of
the Chicka aws, the only question, in my opinion, whicli
should bo consideied i* the penod at which its computation
should commence; and as it appears that the la<t remit-
tance to Captain Collins was made in March, 1839, at which
time '>*19,500 were remitted to him, their claim to interest
from thai pet iod i deem reasonable and just.
The foiegomg is thereioie respectfully submitted, with
the recommendation that the same, and copies of the ac-
companvins paper-:, bo tiansmitted to the several Commit-
tees on Indian Affairs of the Senate and House of Kepre-
sentaiives, to the end that an amendment be made to the
eenei'il Indian appropriation bill, by which the Chickasaw*
may he reimbursed the sum of $24,982 28, the amount m
the hands of the late Captain Collins at the time oi his
