1851.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
teiranean to rpeeirc and convey to the United States the
said Iioais Kossuth and his associates in oajtiivity.
■I neerl not say in this Senate, that it is impossi-
ble toconfitiue the word "emigrate" into "gitest."
AJl that the resolution says, ali that it meant to
'say, is, that if he and his associates chose to
come here as settlers—it' they chose to seek an
asylum here, we -would furnish them with the
means of transportation. I am willing to admit
further, that by the passage of that resolution \vt
tacitly pledged ourselves to provide them homes
when they did come; but certainly no ingenuity
can give to it a broader construction than that.
He was not invited as a guest. He was not in-
vited at all; but simply informed that if he desired
to come among us as an emigrant, the means of
reaching our shores would be placed at his dis-
Mr. FOOTE. Did the Senator read the whole
resolution ?
Mr. CLEMENS. The preamble is the im-
portant part, but the Senator can have both. [Mr.
C. then read the resolution, as given above.]
It will be observed, that the resolution refers not
to Kossuth alone, but u ins associates'3 are con-
nected with him throughout. If he is our guest,
they are equally so, and entitled to an equally
honorable reception. Further, the resolution does
not authorizetUe President to send a national ves-
sel specially for them, but simply to direct their
reception on board of one that might be at the
time cruising in the vicinity.
Mr. FOOTE. That is all we intended.
Mr. CLEMEN'S. Certainly. So I understood
then, and understand now.
I do not know, Mr. President, that it is ex-
pected in any quarter to make political capital out
of the, movements which preceded and accom-
panied the landing of the Hungarian Governor,
and certainly I attribute no such purpose to the
Senator from Mississippi; but I have heard a great
deal of that " swelling tide of public sympathy,"
^vhich we are warned not to disregard. We have
been told that the people have received Kossuth,
and Congress dare not turn their backs upon him.
I propose neither to turn my back nor my face
upon him. I propose to leave him in the hands
•of the people. If they choose to get up pageants
in his honor; if they choose to carry him in pro-
cession from city to city and village" to village, it
is no concern of mine, and I shall not interfere
with so harmless an amusement. But it is a dif-
ferent matter when the Senate of the United States
is asked to take part in it. I have been able to
find nothing in the history of this man—nothing
in llis whole career which demands such an honor
at our hands. If it is a mere political speculation,
it is so much the more to be reprobated. We are
not altogether without example in our own land,
to which it may be instructive to refer. Not many
years since there was a struggle for freedom on the
southwestern border of the Republic—a struggle
which finally brought an empire into the Union.
When the successful hero of that revolution landed
upon our shores, not as a fugitive, but crowned
with the wreaths of victory, who ever dreamed of
inviting him here to receive the homage of Con-
gress? Sir, he was bone of our bone, and flesh
of our flesh. He had shed bis best blood, in his
you til, in defence of our land. In riper years, he
had accomplished a successful revolution, redeemed
s people from bondage, and brought an empire to
lay at our feet; but for him there was 110 Co a- |
gressional homage—no resolution of welcome.
Sir, I am afraid that we are sometimes inclined to
overlook the merits of our own kindred, and un-
duly exalt those who have less claim upon our
sympathies. We can intercede with Turkey for
the Hungarian—with France for the Arab—with |
England for the Irishman; but not a word is spoken ,
here of the fifty sons of America who were mur-
dered in Cuba. We hear nothing of national vts- !
sels sent to the coast of Africa to redeem from 1
bondage our own citizens, banished to this inhos- |
pitable shore, for no sin but that of loving liberty j
well enough to fight for it in another land than our \
own. 1
Mr. President, I have yet another and a graver
objection than any yet urged to the passage of this
resolution. Since the landing of Kossuth in Eng-
land, evidence has been piled upon evidene.e that
he seeks this land for political purposes—that he
comes not as an emigrant, but as an agitator. I
know the Senator from Mississippi has denied
that the speeches of Kossuth will bear this inter-
pretation. That Senator surely could not have
^ reed those speeches with his usual care and atten-
tion. I read from Kossuth's London speech:
" When I declared,—' Let not remain barren your sym-
pathy ; help us to cany that noble cau.^e to a happy issue ;
you have the power, &o help,'—when I spoke that, I in-
tended not to ask England to take up arms for the restora-
tion of Hungary to independence and liberty. No, gentle-
men, that is the affair o t Hungary itself j we will provide
for our own freedom. (Heat, hear.) AH I wish is, that
the public opinion of Kneland may establish it to be a
ruling principle of the politics ot Europe to acknowledge
the light of every nation to dispose of its own internal con-
cerns, and not to give a charier to the Czar to dispose of the
fate of nations—(chceis), and so not to allow the interfer-
ence of Russia m the domestic concerns either of Hungary,
or of whatever other nations on the continent—(hear,
hear.) because the principles of freedom aie in harmony,
and I love— I am interested in—the fieedom of all other
eountiies as well as of my own. (Hear, heai.) My lord
and gentlemen, the^e are tlio words which I airain and again
| will repeat here 111 England, and there in the United States,
\ from a most honored member of which X iiave had the :
: honoi to hear punciples which quite once earned into j
: effect, would and will give liberty to the world. I have I
' heard it proclaimed from an honored citizen of the United.
; States, the honored object of the sympathy arid confidence J
j of n gieat part of his countrymen, even a candidate to be- >
i come the Chief Magistrate of the United states—J have !
I heard, in answer to my appeal, declare that he believes the !
; younger brother of tlie English lace very heaitily will give \
j hit* hand to nngland to protcct the oppressed nations not i
] admitting interference with their domestic affairs,"
j Mi*. FOOTE. I will ask from what paper the j
j Senator is reading? ;
j Mr. CLEMENS. The New York Courier and
i Enquirer. I shall read something stronger from :
! other papers directly. Now, sir, it was not m j
London only, hut everywhere in England, and 1
since his arrival here, he has proclaimed himself:
a political missionary. His avowed object is to !
induce England and the United States to combine
for the purpose of preventing Russian interference ;
with the affairs of Europe. That is, we are to 1
i prevent Russia from interfering by interfering our- j
| selves. We are to abandon the policy of Wash-,
I mgton and his successors—forget all the lessons !
. they have transmitted to us, and erect the United '
J States into a kind of genera! guardian for the na- ;
i tions of Europe. I know he speaks of assuming i
! a threatening attitude mei ely, and predicts that will ,
j be sufficient to overawe the Emperor of Russia. I:
j But suppose he should be mistaken in thatpmhc-
• tion: we would then be fully committed to war. |
If he possesses one tithe of the foresight which
has been ascribed to him, he must be aware that
I an interference begun by threats must be ended .
by cannon balls and bayonets. It is childish to .
! talk of trammeling the action of Russia by threats
uttered on this side of the Atlantic. She would j
■ laugh your threats to scorn. She would tell you
, that you have enough to do to manoge your own j
I concerns at home, without traveling beyond the j
i Atlantic to interfere with the concerns of other f
j nations. She would tell you to be careful that in
j traversing the world to give liberty to olhei na- j
j tions, you did not lose your own. She would ;
| remind you that but recently a bitter sectional j
; strife was raging- in your midst, which threatened ■'
at one time to shatter your Confederacy into ,
atoms—that the embers of that strife were still !
unquenched, and that it was the part of wisdom .
to secure internal peacobefore you engaged in ex- :
ternal war; that when you had removed all the
causes of bitterness at home—when you had fully
cemented your own empire—it would then be time
enough to say that the paw of the Russian bear
: should be planted on no soil without your consent.
! Such, sir, would be the answer of Russia, and
! such the answer* we should deserve. To indulge
; in the use of threats towaids Russia is either to ,
i cover ourselves with ridicule, ot involve thecoun- ■
■ try in war; and that, mderd. is the true purpose '
of Kossuth. Scarcely -veiled in England, it has
been almost openly proclaimed in America. Here
is his iS'ew York speech:
••'Then what i? the motive of my hew* here at thf5 verv
tune 5 Tin; motive, citizens, is that your generous act of!:
1 my liberation has raised the conviction tinoughouc the ,
, world that this trenerou< act of youis i<= but the nianitcst.i- [
tion of jour resolution to throw your weight into the bat-
■ ance where the fate of the Euiopean continent is to be j]
weighed. You have raised the conviction throughout the i
1 woikl, that by my liberation \ou were willing to say, ' Ye 1:
oppressed nations of old Euiope's continent, be of sood ;
j cheer, the young gtant of America stretches his powerful
1 arm over the waves, ready to give a In other V hand to j our
; future.' So it; your act interpreted throughout the world.
What is the source of this apparition unparalleled in man-
kind's history ? The source of it is. that your generous act
of my liberation is taken by the world for the revelation of
the fact that the United States are resolved not to allow the
despots of the world to trample on oppressed humanity,
ft is hence that my liberation was cheered, from Sweden
down to Portugal, as a ray of hope. It is hence that even
these nations which most desire my presenco in Europe
now, have unanimously told me, 1 Hasten on, hasten on to
the great, free, rich, and powerful people of the United
States, and bring over its brotherly aid to the cause of your
country, so intimately connected with European liberty
and here I stand to plead the cau^e of the solidarity of hu-
man rights before the great Republic of the United States,
* * * * * * *
" Having thus expounded my aim, I beg leave to state
that 1 came not to your glorious shores to enjoy a happy
rest—f came not with the intention to gather triumphs of
personal distinction, but because an humble petitioner, in
my country's name, as its freely chosen 'constitutional
chief, humbly to entreat your generous aid; and then it is
to this ami that I will devote every moment o! my time with
the more assiduity, the more restlessness, as every moment
may bring a report of events which may call me to hasten
to my place on the battle field, where the srreat, and I hope
the last, battle will be fought between Ialmrty and Despot-
ism,—a moment marked by the finder of God to be so near,
that every hour of delay of your cenerous aid may prove
fatally disastrous to oppressed humanity."
This language leaves no room for conjecture.
His object is to secure the mmed assistance of
England and the United States. And now let us
inquire for what purpose that assistance is sought?
To establish liberty in Hungary? No*, but the
supremacy of the Magyar race. The exiles who
have come among us have probably imbibed, and
have certainly proclaimed, republican sentiments;
but who believes that such sentiments have found
a home in the bosom of the Hungarian people?
U has been their boast for ages that they consti-
tuted the firmest prop of the Austrian throne. It
is a well-known historical fact that they have clung
to thoir institutions with a tenacity even beyond
that with which the Mohammedan clings to the
Koran. It is those who have remained at home,
constituting the vast majority of the population,
who must give character to trie institutions a suc-
cessful revolt may enable them to establish; and
who doubts they will return to that constitution
and form of government for which they have man-
: ifpstcd so decided a preference1 Our aid, then, if
i given at all, will not be given to a republic but to
j a monarchy.
] The Senator from Mississippi tells us that we
; ought not to shrink with alarm at the idea of acon-
• troversy with Russia. I have seen no manifestation
! of any great apprehension on the part of any one
! here. But itby no means follows that, because we
do not happen to feel any great alarm at the idea of
a controversy with Russia, we should provoke
that contro\ersy. It bv no means follows that
because we are not afraid of Russia, we should
go to war with Russia. She has a right to the
same courtesy at our hands that other nations
have. She has a right not to be insulted. If this
resolution should be adopted, under all the attend-
ing circumstances, and the Emperor of Russia has
the feelings of a man, he must believe—he will
believe—that we have offered him an unnecessary
and causeless insult. To demonstrations on the
part of the people he has no right to object; but
acting in our official capacity, we ought to be cau-
tious how we do things calculated to disturb our
friendly relations with foreign Powers: and, above
| all, we should refrain from giving our public ap-
I probation t<> an individual who has told us openly
I before landing on our shores—who tells us now—
. that his object is to agitate—to excite enmity
i agamst n nation with whom we are on terms of
■ amity, who tells us, further, that his object will
i not be accomplished unless lie can obtain from the
; Govemmont of the United States a sanction and
, approval of his mission. When the new* reached
; Gov. Kossuth that the resolution mti odueed by
the Senatoi from Mississippi had been withdrawn,
he saw proper to become higMv "tfnnucd, and as-
, sumed to deliver n lecture to a Philadelphia com-
1 mittee upon the conduct of Congress. Listen to
his reply to that committee, and then judge how
far we can now he justified in inviting him here:
i u Kossuth «nid be waf extrentch ipjoiced at this demon-
station on the parr of Philadelphia, and that lie felt thu
hiehcot aratUV'ation in b(>ui>/ titus honored In the glorious
coiporatiou ot that renowned em . Before he !r"t Europe,
one of the pleasures ho had pronu-!*d Inm^eltv. af lo meet
andmhurle with thecitwn- of that great cur wh,xre the
Declaration oi Independence h.td Iven proclaimed; and he
fell now particulaily anxious to vim! the hallow cd spot where
that immortal chartei had been adopted. But he went on to
, that at the present moment it wav quite impossible for
him to declare at what tunc he could c© there, and that, in-
deed, it was not certain that he could so there at all. Hit ob-
ject in vivinng tins country was not a personal out;—bf did
not come to promote any selfish purpose, and he could not,
