1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
death, with interest thereon at six per cent, per annum from
March, 1839.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner.
lion. A. H. H. Stuart,
Secretary oj the Interior.
I will now read the letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, inclosing the communication which
I have read, and upon which the Committee on
Indian Affairs have been acting. It is as follows:
Department or the Interior, }
Washington, JkIv 15, 1852. $
Sir: I have the honor to transmit, herewith, a commu-
nication of the present date, from !he Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, with accompanying papers, showing a balance
of §>24,ys*2 28 to be due the Chickasaw Indians, in Conse-
quence of the fjilure of Captain R. D. C. Collins, of the
United States Army, a disbursing agent, to account to the
Government for the same.
These papers are tras.-miitcd to the committee with a
i ecommen4ation .that provision be made i it the general ap
propriauon hill for the reimbursement to the Chickasaw* of
the aforesaid sum-, with interest thereon, at six per cent, per
annum from March,, 1S39, the period when the defalcation
occurred.
I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H. STUART, Scwctary.
Hon. R< W. Johnson,
Chairman Committee on Indian JJffairs,
House of jRepresentatiws.
The proposition, sir,.is to place this account to
the credit of the Indians, as a nation, upon the
books of the Treasury. .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to ask
one question. I should liketo be informed by the
mover of this amendment at what time this sum
of money—§24,000—was placed in the hands of
this agent? and under what law, and for what ob-
jects it was placed in his hands?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thegentleman
from Georgia can claim the floor to speak in op-
position to the amendment, and then permit me to
answer his questions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Very well, sir;
I claim the floor to speak against the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In reply to the
gentleman front Georgia, I will state that the
money was placed in the hands of the regular dis-
bursing agent, under the authority of the Govern-
ment always to use their own disbursing agents
for the purpose of disbursing money, in the man-
ner in which it is ordered by law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Was it compul-
sory on the agent to pay the money over, or was
it left to his discretion?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
will perceive that this money of the Clnckasaws
was in the Treasury of the United States, placed
in our hands in trust; and suppose there was no
authority of law for the Secretary of the Treasury,
or any other Department, to place that money in
the hands of one of the disbursing agents of the
Government, does that release us from our liabil-
ity for having abused the trust that was placed in
our hands?
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,] 1 desire
to make a remark or two with reference to this
amendment, as I presume other amendments of a
similar nature will be brought forward. The
Committee of Ways and Means have no informa-
tion in relation to this matter. Examine the esti-
mates which have been presented here by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and by the Secretary
of the Interior, and you.will find no estimate for
any claim of this kind. I am aware that a prac-
tice has grown up of late for the Department
to send an estimate for some claim which an
individual Indian, or, perhaps, a tribe, may
have against tha Government, to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, either of the House or of the
Senate, and it has been customary'—and more re-
cently that custom has grown into general prac-
tice—to recommend favorable action upon that
claim to the committee. The Comitee on Fi-
nance of the Senate, the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House, and the members of this
House, except those who may happen to be upon
the committee to whom the communication is
made, are not advised at all in relation to these
matters. The consequence will be, that hereafter
it wiii he brought up against us that appropria-
tions have been made by this Congress without
any recommendation from ar.y Department of the
Government. If any Executive Department of
the Government of the United States believes that
these demands are just—that there is a just claim
against us on the part of any Indian nation which
ought to be provided for in the general appropri-
ation bill, let that Executive Department say so
to either blanch of Congress; and then each
branch of Congress will have an opportunity of
forming an opinion on that matter; but I object to
these back-door estimates—for I can call them
nothing else—being placed secretly m the hands
of a committee, that a member of that committee
may move amendments to a general appropriation
bill, of which the committee that has chargeof the
bill has no knowledge whatever. 1 know nothing
in relation to the justice of this claim, but I pre-
sume, from tire remarks of the gentleman from
Arkansas, that the agent of the Government has
become a defaulter, and that money belonging to
the Indians has been lost. I desire to pay every
just demand which this Government owes to any
Indians, but I object to this mode of buidening
down appropriation bills with items for which we
have no estimates, and when the Executive De-
partments have been afraid to say, through their
estimates, how much money will be wanted for
the purpose of carrying on the Government. I
think it is time to put a stop to this practice. As
the Representatives of the people, we have a right
to have better information in relation to these
matters than that which is given by gentlemen m
iive-mmute speeches in favor of amendments. 1
am not censuring the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I am only speaking of the course pursued by the
Executive Departments of the Government. There
is where the censure is justly due for seftding m
their estimates in this irregular manner.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means want everything in this
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I would be willing that these
estimates should be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affaii s, efnd that they should take charge
of this bill, beiause they have more time to devote
to the. examination of these matters, and also be-
cause it is to be presumed that they are better
versed in the affairs of the Indians than any other
committee of this House can be.
Mr. MEADE. I move to strike out " five hun-
dred."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As the gentle-
man from Virginia does not wish to make any re-
marks, 1 desire to speak in opposition to striking
out any part of the amendment, and 1 wish to do
it for the purpose of replying to the very extraor-
dinary argument which has been introduced here
by the gentleman from Missouri. Sir, it shows
that another member of the Committee of Ways
and Means knows nothing about the matter of
which he talks. [Laughter.] Sir, we owe a debt
to these Indians. The money was in our Treas-
ury—in our hands—and it is gone. Your Treas-
ury Department, your Indian Department, your
Secretary of the interior, all acknowledge it, and
why shall «ve not pay it? Why, because the
Committee of Ways and Means have not been
informed of it. Justice cannot be done to these
people because the Committee of Ways and Means
have not been informed of the debt. Sir, one
committee of this House is to be discredited be-
cause another committee has not been made the
channel through which information is communi-
cated ; and not only that, but every Department of
this Government must kneel humbly to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and explain every-
thing to them, before right and justice can be done
to anybody. Why, sir, I will not stand here and
see this slight put upon the committee of which 1
have the honor to be a member, unless the House
says that I am wrongin this matter. Iftheysayso,
I will submit, and these amendments may all go.
1 ask that justice shall be done to these people,
and I am met by being told that the Department
had no right to send the information to me, and
that I have no right to ask it in the discharge of
my duty as a member of a committee. Yes, sir,
justice must not be done because this amendment
does not come through that hallowed channel—the
Committee of Ways and Means—that identical
committee which reported their Collins line ap-
propriation. I tell you that this gioney is proved
by the record to be due to these Indians; they
claim it; the Committee on Indian Affairs report
that the claim is a just one; and it is not to be al-
lowed. Why' For any reason that goes to the
merits of the case? No, sir; but for the reason
that it d d not go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. Sir, I call the attention of this committee
to the fact that there has not been one session out
of the six that I have been in Congress; at which
the Committee on Indian Affairs have not con-
tended upon this floor against the right of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to take charge of this
appropriation bill at all. The bill contains nothing
but what relates to Indian Affairs, At this session
I persuaded our committee not to make a move-
ment to take the bill from the Committee of Ways
and Means, but to let it go to them, and then offer
our amendments when it came into the House. It
has been otherwise in all time past, and yet now
the gentleman from Missouri speaks of the recent
practice which has sprung up on the part of the De-
partments of sending estimates to some other quar-
ter than to the almighty Committee of Ways and
Means. [Laughter.] Sir, I will not stand it, and if
the House wants me to stand it, let them say so,
and I will pitch amendments, books, papers and all,
to that committee. 1 hope the House will not take
the ground that the Committee on Indian Affairs
cannot be the channel of communication with a
single Department—not even with the Indian De-
pal tment—for the purpose of getting justice done,
because it is protested, against by the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Sir, i pledge myself again that if this thing were
to be gone over again, from the course pursued
several times, 1 would move to take away the bill
from the Ways and Means, and confide it to its
legitimate committee—tha Indian Committee. I
beheve the motion would' have been sustained
heretofore by the House. I believe it would be
now sanctioned by it. But I will say more, it is
no recent practice that the Committee on Indian
Affairs have been called upon to appropriate for
objects connected with our Indian relations; on
the contrary, it was the practice of the committee,
previous to my being connected with it—as I have
the testimony of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs previous to myself, [Mr. Jacob
Thompson, of Mississippi]—always to fight the
Committee of Ways and Means for that bill. It
was not legitimate action to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means at all. It should have
been always referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. That is my view of the matter.
Now, I will give you the evidence of the Inte-
rior Department, the Treasury, the Second Aud-
itor, and of the Indian Bureau, all going to show
that the money is not in the Treasury. It was
there once; but it was paid into the hands of the
agent. That agent never paid it over. He be-
came a defaulter; and the money is yet due to the
Indians. This appropriation is demanded by the
Government to adjust the accounts with those
Indians. Shall we not pay it? The gentleman
says we are not to pay it because the Ways and
Means have not had before them the evidence of
the existence of the debt. Sir, I am not, as a
member of the Indian Committee, bound to go be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means and ask
their approval of a just debt connected with our
Indian affairs before it can be presented to the
House for its consideration. It is none of their
business. [Laughter.] It is the business of the
committee to which are referred legitimately all
Indian concerns—the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Arkansas has convinced me. If it be in
order, I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS moved pro forma to reduce the
appropriation one dollar.
Mr. P. said: The gentleman from Arkansas
has endeavored to make a false issue between him
and myself. 1 found no fault with the Committee
on Indian Affairs taking charge of the matters
which appropriately belong to them. I find no
fault with any committee of the House taking
charge of the matters that are appropriately re-
ferred to it by the House. Nor did I, in my
remarks, cast any censure, except upon the prac-
tice of the executive department of the Govern-
ment. Since I have been upon the Ways and
Means I have found much fault with the exec-
utive departments of the Government sending
communications directly to the Committee of
Ways and Means. I thought they should be
sent to one House or the other—that each mem-
ber of this House was as much entitled to know
