966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
a trial of John H. Sherburne's plan for a floating
breakwater or anchorage, as a means of saving
life .and property on the lakes; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
of certain citizensof Hamilton county, Tennessee,
remonstrating against the further extension of.
Woodwork's patent for a planing machine;
■which was referred to the Committee'on Patents
and the Patent Office.
STEAMERS BETWEEN NEW YORK AND IRE-
LAND.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial signed by William McCormick.
and numerous citizens of New York, and, I be-
lieve, other Atlantic cities, praying that the Post-
master General may be authorized to contract
with Ambrose W. Thompson for the transporta-
tion of the United States mails in steam-ships
between New York and Galway, in Ireland. It
prays that the recommendation of the Postmaster
General in this respect may be favorably con-
sidered by Congress; and that a contract be made
with the parties who propose to establish this line,
to convey the mails in first class steamers. It
suggests many points that are, perhaps, worthy of
some consideration by the committee. One is, the
gain that by this line will be accomplished in
point of time. It will save something like thirty-
six hours in the voyage to Europe. Another
consideration is, the saving in point of distance.
It would lessen the distance by something like
three hundred and sixty miles.
The memorial also states, that by the reports
of the Post Office Departments of this country and
of Great Britain, it is shown that about one half
of the letters sent from this country to Great Bri-
tain are forwarded to Ireland. Of course, at
present, they have to go first to England, and then
back to Ireland. Thus, the establishment of a
line of this kind would not only be a gain in
point of time, and in pointof distance, butit would
prevent one half the letters that leave this country
for Great Britain, and one third of the letters that
leave this country for Europe, going first to Eng-
land . It would be a great saving in these respects.
This proposed line seems to be now in the hands
of individuals who promise, in point of character,
energy, and business habits, to carry out the enter-
prise. I hope the Naval Committee will take the
matter into consideration, and examine the points
suggested in the memorial. There is one thing,
at all events, presented here, which is worthy of
some consideration, and that is, the feasibility of
carrying out this plan with very little expense and
cost. If the calculations of these men be correct,
they can lessen the cost very materially. I am
aware of one thing that will perhapN be considered;
and that is, that what is called the Irish Channel
is considered extremely perilous by mariners and
persons acquainted with it. There is now a rail-
road from Galway to Dublin, and a telegraph from
Galway to Dublin, and a sub-marine telegraph
is being made between Dublin and Holyhead
in Wales. The memorialists point out, and I
think, very satisfactorily, that Galway is the first
place which can communicate with the continent
of Europe; and that (here will be not only great
gain, in point of time, and in point of distance—
elements which are very material at this stage of
the world—but that mariners will escape the most
perilous part of the navigation of the voyage across
the ocean.
I beg the committee to take these matters into
consideration. I know that I very feebly present
the points of the case. They are presented in the
memorial, I think, with great ability and great
clearness. If I am to judge from the names of the
individuals who have taken this matter in hand,
they will carry it out, if any men in this country
can do it. All that they ask is, I think, a most
reasonable proposition, namely, that they shall be
paid for letters they may carry between this coun-
try and Ireland. They ask nothing else; they
merely ask to have their share of the direct natu-
ral trade between the two countries; and they ask
that the trade which goes between this country
and Ireland be not first carried past Ireland to
England, and then back again to Ireland; and that
the men who are going to France and to Germany,
and the letters going to those countries, instead of
being carried out of their way, up the Channel,
may stop at the first European point, and thence be
dispatched to the Continent.
1 move the reference of the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. CHASE. I present the memorial of four
thousand citizens of the city of Cincinnati, pray-
ing for the construction of a canal on the north
bank of the river Ohio, around the Falls at Lou-
isville. In doing so, I will say that the character,
not less than the number of the memorialists,
commends their application to the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate. The memorial presents
a brief, and at the same time a clear and very for-
cible argument in favor of the improvement which
is asked for, which will relieve me from the ne-
cessity of making a speech on the subject at this
time. I will, however, say, that I have^ given a
full and careful consideration to this subject, and
I am satisfied that the prayer of the memorialists
ought to be granted. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals have this matter be-
f®re them, and have given it a thorough examina-
tion, and will shortly report a bill for the desired
improvement. I content myself for the present,
therefore, with moving that this memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The memorial was so referred.
LINES OF STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. DAVIS. I present to the Senate a memo-
rial of Enoch Train and others, merchants, navi-
gators, and ship-owners of the city of Boston.
They append their signatures to a memorial signed
by a larger number of ship-owners, merchants,
and navigators, from the city of New York, in
which they represent that in their judgment, for
the reasons which they set forth, it is inexpedient
to extend the policy of the Government by making
any new contracts with or grants to mail steam- •
ship owners, for the transportation of the mail.
I move that, without reading, the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a memorial signed by
citizens of Penobscot county, and sundry other
citizens of the State of Maine, asking for a modi-
fication of the laws granting pensions to the widows
of deceased soldiers and officers who served in the
revolutionary war. I ask that, without reading,
the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and I beg to call the attention of the
Committee on Pensions to what the petitioners
ask. By the present law, all widows that were
married prior to the year 1800 are entitled to pen-
sions, while those who were married subsequent
to the year 1800, are entitled to nothing. A law
fixing an arbitrary rule, is the one which is now
in existence. There might have been some reason
for making the rule for a particular period of time.
If it had been limited to the period during the war,
if it had included only those who were married
during the existence of the war, and were thus de-
prived of the services of their husbands while in
the service of the country, there might have been
some good reason for it. But, in the law as it now
stands, Congress m the first place took the year
1794, and granted a pension to the widows of all
those who were married prior to that time. Sub-
sequent to that period, it has been extended from
1794 to 1800. Consequently, if the individual were
married upon the second day of January, 1800,
and is now a widow, she is entitled to no pen-
sion whatever, but if she were married upon the
twenty-ninth day of December, 1799, she is enti-
tled to the same pension that her husband was en-
titled to when alive. There are but very few of
these widows remaining, and they were all or
nearly all of them married either before 1800, or a
few years after. I think, at least 1 hope, the com-
mittee will be able to come to the conclusion which
justice and equity require, and that the limitation
will be removed, so that all the widows shall be
placed upon the same basis.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF THE SAULT
STE. MARIE.
Mr. W ADE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Ohio in favor of the construction of a ship-
canal around the Falls of the Sault Ste. Marie;
which he moved to refer to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. SMITH. There is a bill on the table re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands, pro-
posing to appropriate, or rather to cede half a mil-
lion acres of land to the State of Michigan for the
purpose of constructing this canal. When that
bill comes up for consideration, I contemplate
moving an amendment for a money appropriation
for the purpose of having the work constructed
by the Government. I suggest to my honorable
friend, as we have now the subject before us, that
these resolutions be laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed; however, if he wishes them to go to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, I have no
objection.
'Mr. CHASE. I think the proper course will
be to receive the resolutions, lay them upon the
table, and order them to be printed.
Mr. WADE assented, and they were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill to establish
a navy-yard and depot near the city of New Or-
leans, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Daniel
S.Anderson, reported a bill for the relief of the
captors of the frigate Philadelphia; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
joint resolution to provide for straightening the
eastern boundary line of the naval hospital lands
at New York; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of Frederick Vincent, administrator of La
Caze and Mallet, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the Orange and Alexandria Rail-
road Company; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and,
On motion by Mr. U., its further consideration
was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way to " thePensacola and Navy-
Yard Plank Road Company " through the public
lands; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the payment by the Surveyor General of Califor-
nia for the surveys which may be executed of any
claims which have been or maybe presented to
the Board of Land Commissioners for adjudication
under the act of Congress approved 3d March,
1851, "to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
GEOLOGICAL EXPLORATION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to;
Resolved, That tile Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any report made to
the Trea&ury Department by any person or persons em-
ployed by hiin^n the geological exploration of California.
INTERCOURSE WITH JAPAN.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Reioli-ed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate, if not m his opinion incon-
sistent with the interests of the Government, copies of all
communications relative to the Empire of Japan that may
be on file in either of the Executive Depaitments ; partic-
ularly of the instructions under which Commodore Biddie
visited Japan in 1846 : his official repoit of that the
communication made by him to the local authorities m
Jeddo Bay, and a copy of a translation of the communica-
tion made to hun on that occasion, together with so much of
a communication to the State Department from Alexander
H. Everett, then Commissioner to China, as relates to that
Japanese document; also, copies of any other communica-
tion received either directly or indirectly from the Japanese
