u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee, 10;
i,-!l
therefore, do aavjbing that was calcrqlated merely to gratify
>rirasetf. His object was t.o promote the .great cause *>f
liberty throughout the world, and especially in Hungary $ t
and while rfe was sure the people of the United States sym- !
*>athized in that abject, he could not but say that he was ;
deeply distressed at the action which had beei) taken by J
7 one branch of) Congress. He had -the highest respect amU
xogard for Congress—he recognized it as the exponent or
•the national will, and in view ot what U usd his own
Rjcs^meias were necessarily embarrassed. Whether he
grould be content to go beyond New York he could notnow , t^ue ■ - v.i-   kS
say; but he was free to declare that had the proceedings in < ()f)e thing—and the honorable Senator from Ala-
Congress, to which he had adverted, reached him before he . , r*f Clemens! forgot it—that the object of
- - - • wou.d have hesitated about conung to <h  | ^Xand bk TsUiatet to render the con-
! stitution Of Hungary equal toward all those in-
left Europe, h<
fconmry at all. „ _ „
<r< i'he reason why I say this, is, that though I am ftfHy
Bware of the circumstance that in the United States it is
ihe .public opimou of the people which derides m the last
instance on public affairs, and though I lhust confess that 1
have received here in New York such a manifestation of
the sympathy of the people as gives me hope and consola-
w   ti r _ ,  -this f/iTintrv hv :>n jjj?'
language of the gentleman, but I think it expresses
his idea. Now, the constitution of Hungary was
what all constitutions in Europe were during that
period. All were unequal; all were unjust. Un-
doubtedly, the constitution of Hungary operated
unjustly toward some portion of the great family
over wfuoh U spread. So, also, has the English
constitution; so} even, the republican constitu-
tions of Europe. But honorable Senators forget
that nTthe same place  .
would now decline to bid nie a welcome, I would have
thought that I was not a welcome gue-t j so mnch the more
as the President of the United States has forinallj invited
the Congress in his message to consider what steps are to
be taken to recics'e the man for whom he h«s sent a frigate
$0 Asja, eorypljing with the will ot the same hod}' in wluch
now a resolution of no further political tendency—the
simple lesolution to bid me a welcome—was withdrawn on
account of an unexpected opposition. Under such circum-
stances I would not have wished to intrude.
« And as it was, with the utmost gratitude to all who be-
stowed 011 him such marks of kindness ad the city of Phila-
delphia had offered, and especially with sentiments of sin-
cere regard for Philadelphia and its citizens, he must defer
for a day or two any positive leply to the request which had
bee  made to him."
Had the proceedings of Congress reached Kos-
suth before he left Europe he would have hesitated
to come to this country. And why? Was
there anything in those proceedings disrespectful
to him? Was there a solitary remark made by
any Senator on this floor ■wluch was not in the
highest degree eulogistic of him and his character?
Was there not everything m the proceedings of
that day to gratify his personal vanity ? Certainly;
and there must have been some other cause why
he would have failed to comc to America if he had
known what was to transpire. He would not
have come here because th os-e proceedings taught
ferior races. I do not caie for some of thosepretiy
; histories which have been printed here, for most
: of them are libels. If there is a man living who
has endeavored to give equal liberty, not only to
ir, but to the Croat, to the Schlavonian,
Sloac, it is this distinguished man who
is now in this country. Permit me here to say, in
this Senate, that my reading of the history of their
struggle is this: The associates of Kossuth, who
snrrounded him—who were the ruling; and domi-
nant men of the Maygars—did what is very sel-
dom done in any country: they stript themselves
of their own power, they voluntarily cast of!" their
privileges, and spontaneously elevated those infe-
rior races. I think this is a remarkable example
in the history of the world.
Take, now, the speech of the honorable Senator
from Alabama to-day, in relation to this distin-
guished man, and I ask, m the sincerity of my
heart, after a distinguished man has been invited
to your shores, whether it is magnanimous,
whether it is Amcncan, whether it is republican,
to make any disparaging; comparisons between
him and oth&rs ? One Senator runs a parallel be-
tween Kossuth and Lafayette. Another tells you
Mr. SHIELDS. My friend from Massachu-
setts says that he expects that. I believe he does.
It cannot be denied that he comes to this country
expecting tftat.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose we do not grant it?
Mr. SHIELDS. If we do not grant it, we
shall disappoint his expectations. But by receiv-
ing him in the manner which is now proposed, we
make no pledge to grant his expectations. I beg
Senators to reflect on this.
I may say that the character of Kossuth "was
formed m an Austrian dungeon. He is one of the
most remarkable men of the present age. He has
recently told more political truths in England than
they have heard for half a century. This is the
man that comes here. Gentlemen ask why lie
does not come as an emigrant? Why, sir. if yon
gave him the whole Umt?d States he could not
stay amongst you with the feeling that now pos-
sesses his heart. Ke has but one feeling, and that
is a high and noble one—the redemption of bia
own country. He comes to this country expect-
in"- that we might aid him in the accomplishment,
of that object. I did believe that this resolution
could have done so, and I think so now. It could
have helped his cause without any^fear of iotor-
vention, if, without any debate, Kossuth coulrt
have been received here in this flail and in the
other branch of the National Legislature, quietly,
silently, and with dignity. That of itself, in con-
nection with what has taken place in Eiigjand,
would have prevented any intervention with Hun-
gary in case of another revolution. That is my
opinion. It was not necessary for this country to
five any pledge—any promise which might de-
ceive Louis Kossuth. No, it ought not to have
done so. But had we received him quietly and
unanimously, the effect of that, in connection with
become a republican since his exile; that lie was
not a republican in his prosperity. But, sir, I say
here, that I have followed his course with deep
and intense interest. I have followed the armies
of Hungary and rejoiced in their victories; and I
  , .. do notliesitnte to say that there have been more
him that he could not succeed in engaging The :■ unpleasant and hard things said of Kossuth in this
Government of the United States in a war with ji Senate than have been said of him in all Europe,
any foreign Power, and as his mission here looked " except by the bribed and hireling prints of some
to that result, and that only. As he sought 110 j' of the despots of the Old World. ^ I know that
personal sympathy, 110 personal protection, he p these harsh sayings have been unintentional. I 1
would have directed his steps to some quarter :j know that there is the best feeling for Kossuth 1
wliere the prospect of obtaining armed aid for Hun- jl here. I want to express this, because I am afraid
gary was more cheering. Sir, I protest against I1 it will be misunderstood abroad. There is not a
this intervention with the domestic concerns of || gentleman who opposes this resolution that does
other nations. I protest against this resolution,
because it commits us in some degree to the wild
schemes of an enthusiast; it sanctions thearrogance
which rejects the home we offered, and demands as
a right that we should oiler in exchange the blood
and the treasure of our people.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, having intro-
duced a resolution upon this subject, I feel it my
duty to say a few sober words. When I intro-
duced the resolution, I was a little excited—per-
haps a little more than 1 ought, to have been. I
shall endeavor to be brief, and perhaps what I say
may furnish another illustration ot the fact, that
the less a man Inows of this subject, the more
eloquently he can speak upon it. I regret, and I
wish that I could express my regret in such a
manner as to convey it to others, that this resolu-
tion was ever introduced. 1 regret it exceedingly
now. I feel that this movement, whether or not
we shall be successful in it, is calculated, in some
measure, to damage the great cause for which Kos-
suth has come to this country. I have watched
his course very closely. T am somewhat acquainted
with the history of Hungary, and I confess that I
have been somewhat astonished at some of the
illiberal remarks which have been made 111 relation
to that man in this body. Honorable Senators,
perhaps, in expressing themselves here, forget
what I stated the other day, that every word
spoken by an American Senator, in his place, in
relation to this movement, must either aid the
cause of liberty, or injure it, in Europe.
It has been stated here, by one of the most in-
telligent and experienced members of this body—
by a gentleman for whose talents I esteem him as |
that Kossuth is no republican, or that he has only ' i what is now taking place in Europe, wouia na\
1 '■ ' r-' *>._*   11 acc0inpUshed his object; and he knew it. ihere
would have been no necessity for armed interven-
tion.
It is said that Kossuth has made some import-
ant remarks since he came to this country: and
some of our statesmen are a little offended because
he has spoken about the sovereignty of the peo-
ple, ana has distinguished, as it were, betweeu
the government and the people. Perhaps he has.
One thing I know: he has bsen so fbllowcd by
little petty slanders, that I am very unwilling to
credit anything I hear, until I find it better sub-
stantiated than it is in any of those papers, and
particularly the paper from which the Senator
! from Alabama read. So far as America is con-
1 cerned, this commenced at Marseilles, and it has
| followed him ever since. I read these accounts
with a great deal of allowance. I have read all
his speeches in England, and read thera with
pleasure. There, as was said by the Senator
from Massachusetts, in a monarchy, in the pres-
ence of royalty—you may say a monarchy that
has actcd very liberally towards him and his asso-
ciates, and toward Hungary—and 1 wish they
would act as liberally towards some other coun-
tries—he declared himself boldly and fearlessly to
be a republican. This ought to bring him some
respect in America, and in an American Senate.
For one, I confess that I am a little afraid that
the republicanism of Europe will not be able to
accomplish much. For, when a king has been
unfortunate—when a crowned head, who has
struggled in the cause of royalty, is unfortunate,
all the kings and all the crowned heads of the
world enter into competition to do him honor. He
is sacred to them, because he has been unfortu-
nate in their cause. When the last Stuart fled
fromli is throne, themonarch of France received him
in a manner in which he would not have received
not at this moment delight at the idea of seeing
Kossuth in this country, and who would not re-
joice in the supremacy of the principles he now
advocates. But it will not go abroad to the world
in this way. "When a Senator m ins place, in the
! American Senate, rises up and states that Kossuth
j is no republican, that he was a Jeader of despots,
• what will be the effect abroad?
I It would, Mr. President, be exceedingly un-
: seemly in mc to saay anything looking toward the
! violation of that great principle of American poli-
ij cy—the principle of non-intervention in foreign
II affairs, it would be ungracious; it would be un-
Ij becoming. And here 1 would say, that I regret
\\ as much as any man living some of those theories
j which are brought to this country by very honest
|; and well-meaning individuals, but which are not
!! at all applicable'to the condition of the people of
i| the United States. I regret these things. Every
American statesman—every man who thinks—
; | ought to hesitate long before he would embark
L this great country in any of those dangerous con-
j1 vulsions of Europe, ff this country had been
'' forced into the convulsions of France in 1789, no
hie;hlv as any man in this body—the honorable i] would have been delighted to have this country J
ami distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. ;i unite with England to check Russia, and prevent ;
Berrien*,] that the "constitution of Hungary was-, ji Russia from crushing1 hi# country, in case another i
in some measure, an unjust one toward the infe- revolution should arise. 1
rior raccs of Hungary, That is not the exact [] Mr. DAVIS. He expects that.
one can tell the effect it would have had on the <j any other man on earth. Why? Because he had
been unfortunate in the cause of monarchy. But
when a poor republican becomes unfortunate
when a man who has struggled and tried to ele-
vate his country, and his country has been crushcd
bv a conspiracy of monarchs—when such a man
is unfortunate, and comes to a Republic, the cry
is, Oh, no! oh, no! Procul, Oprocul,este profani.
We cannot sympathize with you without getting
into trouble. It is intimated that we might, per-
haps, insult Russia or Austria. And yet Russia
and Austria do not hesitate much in putting down
free countries, and insulting republicanism. I
look upon this as a melancholy fact; and I loo^
uoon it not as a hopeful fact for republicanism
^ /. , I    /. r. 1 IT KinAm ^ l< Am
liberties of the country. So of the convulsion of
184S. Although that seemed to be a more general
one, we see how it has terminated. Hence I do
not wonder that experienced Senators should hes-
itate long before they would commit themselves
to such a principle as intervention. But I do not
undeistand this resolution to be any such commit-
tal. Far from it. It does not matter what Kos-
suth himself may expeet: it is only what this
country may choose to perform. No doubt he
l! op for liberty. France scarcely becomes a lie-
