1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1838
the Government to give away a portion of it; and
1 found that, so far from wanting additional land,
we would be able to give away some portion of
that which we already have, without any detri-
ment to the public service. I know nothing, how-
ever, of this particular case. I think it is rather
unusual to pass a bill to authorize the Secretary
of War to purchase land from a particular indi-
vidual, designating his name in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill only authorizes the
Secretary of War to purchase on condition that
he is satisfied that Francis Gardere has an un-
doubted title to the land. Now, that may be true,
which is stated by the honorable Senator from
Illinois; but the condition of things there is this:
This narrow strip of land runs directly into the
land of the United States, dividing, it perhaps,
into very nearly equal parts, and they cannot very
well go from "one part of the land to the other
without passing over this strip, unless they take a
wide circuit. This tract is only about forty feet
wide, 1 believe.
Mr. SHI ELDS. I think it would be better to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
We can report the bill as soon as we ascertain the
facts in n-lation to it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Private Land
Claims has gone through a very careful investiga-
tion of this matter. We had before us all the
maps and all the plats. The Secretary of War
has caused the matter to be investigated, and the
land to be examined from one end to the other.
There are maps showing the precise condition of
things there. The title, I suppose, without doubt,
is in this man. The United States now occupy
the land; and they ought either to surrender it or
buy it. I think nothing new will come to light
bv'referring the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs. There are all the papers; they state just
the story which I state to the Senate. They show
just the state of things which I exhibit here.
There is the map; there are the plans, the sur-
veys, and the correspondence.
Mr. SHI ELDS. I withdraw my opposition to
the bill. 1 know that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts never presents a subject without
investigating it very thoroughly, and I have great
confidence in his opinion after investigating a sub-
ject of this kind. My only wish was to ascertain
all 'he facts—whether the land was needed by the
Government; and if needed, whether the price
proposed was the proper price.
Mr. DAVIS. All that is settled by the corre-
spondence which was before the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT ALTON.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Alton,
Illinois, praying that that city may be made a
port of entry, has directed me to report a bill to
constitute Alton, in the State of Illinois, a port of
delivery. . ,
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. I presume there will be no
objection whatsoever to the bill; and as I wish to
have it massed before the adjournment of Con-
gre's, I ask that it may now have its second read- j
mg. „ !
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous ,
consent to rend the bill a second time now.
Mr. CLEMENS. We have had two or three |
bills of this sort reported against by the Committee j
on Commerce, and I should like to know what
is the difference between those cases and this. X
believe the committee have reported against tiie
DaR^a^e nf similar bills.
Mr^HAMLIX. The Senator from Alabama
is mistaken. I do not think he listened correctly
to the title of the bill. This bill is precisely of the
character which was agreed to by the committee
in the case alluded'to, I suppose, by him—consti-
tuting a port of delivery, and not a port of entry.
The Senator from Alabama presented a memorial
for the erection of a port of entry at a point which
I do not now recollect. It was submitted to the
Treasury Department, and they recommended that
a port of delivery only be established, in conform-
ity to the usage of the Government from its foun-
ij riation. I submitted the papers to my friend from
I1 Alabama, and I understood him^to say that hedtd
not desire a port of delivery alone, consequently
• j there was no report made in the case. This bill
! is in accordance with the usage of the Govern-
i merit, wluch-is to establish ports of delivery where
I they are needed on waters above ports of entry.
| Tins bill is recommended by the Department, and
( I apprehend there can be no objection to it.
^The PRESIDENT. If there is no objection,
the bill will now have its second reading.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let it He over. I think the
Senator from Maine is mistaken as to the facts in
the other case. I wish t.o examine the matter.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
bill cannot now be read a second time.
FOREIGN COMMERCIAL REGULATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted the following resolution ; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to*
Resolved, That the Secietary ofState be requested to pre-
pare and communicate to the Senate, at the next session
of Congiess absuact^ or selections of ^uch poj tions of the
diplomatic and consular correspondence in the Department,
withm the last torn- years, as respects ww commeicial ieg-
ulatjon* adopted in the several nations with which we have
intercoms, and such other information as may, 111 his
opminn, promote the commcrcial interests of the United
States.
ISTHMUS OF TEHUANTEPEC.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I ask leave to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the Uriitrd States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, (if not, in his opm
ion. incompatibly with the public intere>t,) the oorie^pond-
ence between the Governments ol ihe United States and
Mexico, ill rogiml to a iisjlit ot waj across the Isthmus ot
Teh uantepec, gi anted bv Mexico to a Mexican citizen, and
which giant, by Mibsequent alignment*, was tiansfened
to a citizen or citizens of the United Slates; emhiaenu?all
information in the possession ol ihe Executive concerning
the alleged abiogaiiou of such grant by Meueo, the dis-
continuance of the wot k, and expulsion of Uio.-e engagedm
it* together wtili all document** connected therewith.
And that, under like limitation, he be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the correr-pombmce between the
two Governments, with the accompanying document*, m
relation to anv proposed conventions between them regard-
ing f-ucli grant ot the right of way.
Mr. President, it is my purpose to ask the Sen-
ate to consider the resolution at this time. We
are all aware that since the acquisition of the im-
portant territoiial possessions which have accrued
to the United States under the treaty of peace
with Mexico, the attention of the whole Amer-
ican people has been strongly directed to those
modes of access the most convenient certainly, and
probably, also, the most speedy, to those posses-
sions across the continent of Southern America.
As we are aware,under grants that have been ob-
tained from the Government of New Granada,
there is now in the course of construction, and
nearly completed, a railroad extending across the
narrowest point of the Isthmus, which connects
North and South America, at Panama. We are
also aware that llieie is now in course of con-
struction, or said to be, acommunica'ion intended
to be a ship canal across a pom i in Central America,
between the two Republic1? of Nicaragua anil Costa
Rica. But this proposed communication, which
is referred to in the resolution, which lies within
the limits of Mexico, is believed, by a large por-
tion of the American people, to he that which will
be found of greatest interest to the United Stales,
because it lies, probably by a thousand miles,
nearer to their territory, and because it offers, in
the est imalion of a numbei of those whose atlen tion
has been turned to it, the most ceitain means of
constructing a railroad.
Be this as it may, we are aware that the arrant
was made by the Government of Mexico, in 184C,
to a citizen of Mexico, conveying to him import-
ant advantages and immunities, and holding out
inducements for the construction of a way of some
kind, probably a railroad, across that Isthmus.
That Slant, by subsequent assignments, which
were authorized and legalized by the terms of the
original grant, passed through English hands into
the0 possession of citizens of the United States,
where it now remains. It is alleged on their part,
that they have complied with all the terms of the
original grant.' Tt is very certain that citizens
hofdmo- that franchise have expended a very large
i sum of money in making the necessary surveys,
' and in preliminary arrangements to commence the
1 work. It is equally certain that the Government
of Mexico, by one of those acts which, perhaps,
national courtesy will not permit me to'characterize
in this place, has forcibly expelled thosewho were
engaged in the work underlie authority of the
Government of Mexico itself.
Now, sir, what I want particularly to call to the
attention of the members'of the Senate as,the rep-. -
resentatives of the United States of America, is -the
probability that for half a century to come we shalL
'not have,if we ever can have, the same immediate
and certain communication across the continent
of South America with our possessions on the
Pacific which we will have and now have through,
the territories of the Republics, which border on
us at the South. ' -
I wish to call the attention of the Senate ana of
the American people to the further fact, as 1 hold
it, that happen what may, the necessities of the.
United Stales never can permit the exclusive con- •
trol of any right of way across'the continent to
pass from States through which the way, lies, into
the hands of any foreign Power.
It is one remarkable fact connected with this
right of way across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec,
that whilst it remained in the hands of a Mexican
citizen every facility and encouragement was given
to him to prosecute the work, and whilst it re-
mained in the hands of English subjects, to whoni
it was passed by that Mexican citizen, the same
encouragement and facility was given to them.
It has recently passed into the hands of citizens of
the United States, and it has been followed by the
expulsion of the grantee, with the whole party
engaged on the works of the company.
Sir, I have been made aware that this subject
has been a matter of negotiation between the two
Governments, at one time it was believed, with.a
probability of a favoiable issue. But in the
mutations which are constantly taking place in
the Government of Mexico, a final disposition of
ihc subject has recently been made by the Mex-
ican authorities—so far as rights existed under
that grant—Mexico holds that they are ended, and
all negotiation has ended with them, in this
state of things, there is a propriety, in my judg-
ment, that all the matters connected with the sub-
ject, with the conduct of the Mexican Government
'm regard to this grant since it passed into the
hands of American citizens, .should bemade known
to the Senate, and through the Senate to the Ameri-
can people; that the Congress of the United States,,
in its wisdom, may determine whether any, and if
any, what measures shall be taken on its part to
see that the rights of the citizens of America: are.
properly regarded by every foreign Power; an<l
further, if necessary, to take care that the essential
interests of this country in reference to any and
every right of way across the continent shall never
come under the exclusive control of any foreign
Power. It is for this purpose that I have offered
the resolution, that we may have all the docu-
ments connected with the subject before us.
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I agree, perhaps,
with ev ei y thing the Senator from Virginia has said,
with one exception. He has said that there is no
probability that, for a quarter of a century to come,
there will be anv other route connecting the pos-
sessions of the United States across the continent,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, except, through
Central America, oraeross the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepee. Now, sir, entertaining the opinion that,
long before that time expires, we bhall have a rail-
road connecting the possessions of the United
States through their own territory, I give notice
here that I shall never assent to the opinion of the
Senator, that it will be a quarter of a century be-
fore that event. In half that time I hope we may
have a railroad communication across the cotiu-
! nent through our own territory. 1 hope the reso-
lution will be adopted. I agree with everything
the Senator has said in relation to the Tehuantepec
i grant. ^ . .
• Mr MASON. Mr. President, whenever the
State "of California, anil the States bordering upon
: the Mississippi, and any States or Territories that
. may be intervening between them, are strong
j enough, or aie prepared to make this railroad,!
i shall*agree with the Senator that a quarter of a
i century"will not elapse before the communication
| to which he refers will be completed. The Gen-
ii era! Government, perhaps, might make that com-
i: mumcation within a quarter of a century, or an
eighth of a century; and, I presume, that it is to
|i this Government reference is made, when a speedy
