58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
Thomas M. Newell, a captain in the Navy, dak- j
irtg for full pay during the period he was sue- \
pended from eommand; which, with the papers 1
on the files of the House on the same subject, was j
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COBB asked leave to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, for the re-
lief of William J. Price.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I dislike very much to
object to the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bam, [Mr. Cobb;] but if these things are allowed
to go on in this way, we shall never reach the
State of Illinois.
Mr. COBB then presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Price; which, with the papers on the files
of the House in support of the claim, were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. SMITH. I have been appointed upon the
Committee of Claims, and I desire respectfully to
ask the House to excuse me from serving on that
committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SMITH. J hope the gentleman is not
about to interpose any objection. I have reasons
which, in my opinion, are ample. I do not ask it
out of any disrespect to the source of appointment,
nor from any disposition, on my part, to shrink
from the labor it imposes; but, as 1 have remarked,
I have ample reasons for the request, and I hope
the House will grant it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise simply to say that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ross] asked
this morning to be discharged from service on one
of the committees of the House. He gave no rea-
son for the request, but merely stated that his rea-
sons were such as were satisfactory to himself;
and upon that statement he was excused. Another
gentleman now, under similar circumstances,
makes the same request, but gives no reasons upon
which the House is to base its action. Now, I
desire to propound this question to the House: If
we £0 on to grunt every request of this nature
which is presented, without any reasons being
given for granting such requests, what will become
of the business of this House, or of the country?
That is the suggestion I wish to make.
Mr. SMITH. [ have no doubt the committees
will remain full; there are a plenty of gentlemen
who are willing to serve upon them. 1 trust, after 1
one gentleman has this morning been excused, |
without giving his reasons, specially, the same
courtesy will be extended to me.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Smith
was excused.
NOTICE TO LOUTS KOSSUTH.
Mr. SMITH. 1 give notice that on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, I will ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution requiring the Secretary of
State to' furnish Louis Kossuth with copies of (ho j
acts of Congress which define treason and mis-
demeanors against the United States. Theresolu- i
turn also further contemplates that if, after the read- ;
iugof these laws, he should continue to make such j
speeches as he has made since his arrival m New j
York, inciting the young men of the country to i
take up arms against a nation with which the j
United States is at peace, it shall be the solemn j
duty of1 President to have him arrested, (laugh- :
tn,) and detained until satisfactory assurances be .
given that he will cease his efforts to enlist the i
cooperative a:d and armed interference of the peo- ;
pie of these Slates in favor of Hungary. |
Mr. GIDDINGS objected. ^
THE RULE IN POINT.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to propound this question to the ;
Chair. I wish to know whether any gentleman |
has not the right to give notice of his intention to j
introduce a bill? If I understand the rules cor-i
rectly, when the question is presented by the in-
troduction of a bill, if objection be made, the ques-
tion arises, <% Will the House receive it?" and upon
that question there is something upon which they j
can act definitely. I only desire that we may un
House has been, that when a member asks the
unanimous consent of the House to give notice of
the introduction of a bill, if objection be made, he
cannot give such notice. If it be on Monday he
may move a suspension of the rules, and the dif-
ficulty may be avoided. But in order to afford
every one an opportunity of giving notice prepara-
tory to the introduction of a bill, a rule has been
adopted providing that notice may be given by
the filing of it with the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware of
any express rule with reference to giving notice
of the introduction of bills, except that referred
to by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The Chair will remark, however, that it has been
the usual practice of this body to give such notice
by general consent.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 desire to ask
my honorable fiiend from Alabama [Mr. Smith]
whether it is his intention in offering this joint res-
olution to rcenact the "Alien and Sedition " law?
Several Members. "Order! order!"
The SPEAK Eli. No discussion is in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH. I will answer the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]
1 do not desire to reenact the '• Alien and Sedi-
tion M law, but we want no more "Pampero"
expeditions. The object of this resolution ia to
warn Kossuth of the ground on which he stands,
and to remind the public officers of their duty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der.
Mr. SMITH. Well, but I do not understand
the decision of the Chair as to whether I have the
right to give this notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has the right, under the rule, to give
the notice, by filing it with (he Clerk at any time.
On motion by Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the petitions ami papers of John II.
Thompson be withdrawn fiom the files of the Iloine, and
ref'rncrt to the Committee ol'Claims.
Mr. MOOR ft, of Louisiana, by unanimous con-
sent, gave notice that he would, at the earliest day
practicable, ask leave to introduce a bill, entitled
" An act to make a grant of public lands to the
Staie ofLouisiana for the purpose of constructing
railroads in .said State. "
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, asked leave to intro-
duce a bill fuither to extend the time of locating
'Virginia military land warrants, and for return-
ing surveys thereon to the General Land Office ;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and leferred to the Committee oa Public Lands.
Mr. GIDDIINGS presented a petition.
Mr. BARRERE presented a memorial from
Daniel Sla^k, of Bafavia, in relation to the Mex-
ican indemnity.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio, presented a petition.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, presented a
petition from B. B. Bennett, of Kentucky, which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
NEWSPAPERS TO MEMBERS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
olution; which was read for information as follows,
vi/.:
Jlrsolverl. That the Ctark of the House furnish to each
inoinboi ?u<ii ww^papeis as he may desire, not exceeding
in amount that allowed to members of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired of the Chair whether
the resolution was not m order under the rules as
a part of the organization of the House?
The SPEAKER responded in the negative.
HOMESTEADS. \
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, to encourage agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures, and other branches of
industry, by granting to any man who is the head
derstand these rulescorrectly, so that we may start jj of a family and a citizen of'the United States, a
right. My information is, that when the proper i homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of land
time arrives, any gentleman may give any notice '.\ out of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
he pleases, and no one has the right to object. ;j pancy and cultivation of the same for a period
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-'j therein specified; which was read a first and
tlemanfrom Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will, upon ,i second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
' The practice of the J; mittee on Agriculture.
reflection, see he is in error.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of asking of the House to be discharged
from service on the Committee on Public Expend-
itures. As the gentleman from "Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] thinks it incumbent upon gentlemen to
do so, I will assign the reasons why I wish to be
discharged from serving on the committee, if the
House will indulge me two or three minutes in
explanation. In the first instance, I will state that
I do not ask to be excused from serving 0"n this
committee out of any disrespect to the Speaker,
as, I think, he will bear me witness. If there is
honor or emolument flowing from serving as
chairman of said committee, I desire no longer
toenjoysuch lionororemolument, having enjoyed
them heretofore. I will assign another reason,
and a very good one, it seems to me, and that is,
when you come to examine the rules of the House,
which define the jurisdiction of this committee,
you will find that the Committee of Ways and
Means, by the same language in which it is con-
ferred upon the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, have charge of every subject that could pos-
sibly come within the range and jurisdiction of
the Committee on Public Expenditures. In
addition to this, there are six other committees
that have jurisdiction of all that could reasonably
come within the range of the duties of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, producing such a
conflict of jurisdiction that it makes the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures a perfect nullity, and
in fact does away with the necessity of the com-
mittee altogether.
I will say, in this connection, that, humble as I
am, 1 have no desire to occupy a position as chair-
man of a committee which has no duties to per-
form. 1 will repeat, if there are emoluments w
honor to be derived as chairman of this commit-
tee, I have enjoyed them as long as I degire. There
is one other reason I would name: I am a mem-
ber of one other committee, which, in all proba-
bility. will have much labor to perform. 1 hope,
therefore, that the House will nave no hesitancy
in excusing me from service upon this committee.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Johnson
was excused.
Mr. GORMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to supply the State of Indiana with the
deficiency in former grants of lands for the use of
the State University; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and, with certain memo-
rials upon the files of the House, referred to the
Committee on Public, Lands.
KOSSUTH AGAIN.
Mr. ROBINSON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution pro-
viding that the Congress of the United States, in
the name and behalf of the people of the United
States, give Louis Kossuth a cordial welcome to
the capital of the country; and that a copy of the
resolution be transmitted to him by the President
of the United States.
Objection was made by several, and the resolu-
tion was not introduced.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE presented the memo-
rial of the widow of G. H. McKee, which was
referred to the Committee of Claims; the petition
of E. II. Taylor, which'was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals; the petition of
Thomas L. Judge, which was referred to the Com*
mittee of Claims; the petition and papers of
Thomas P. Dudley, which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions; and the petition and pa-
pers of Josiah P. Pilcher, which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. E1CKLIN presented the petition of Rezin
C. Martin and eighty-seven others, protesting
against the employment of Chaplains by Congress
at the expense of the Government, on constitutional
grounds; which was referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. BISSELL presented the petition of Mary
Prettyman for allowance of a pension; whicn
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. BISSELL. I also present the petition of
Dr. "W. T. G. Morton, for remuneration as dis-
coverer of etherization. I wish to state to the
House, that in this case the petitioner represents
himself to have been the first person who demon-
strated by actual experiment the fact, that the
