970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
time of the census, and yet three hundred and
seventy-eight only are returned. Can it be con-
tended that a State is to be bound-by such a mis-
called enumeration? Again he says:
 '< Trinity county, which, since June, 1850, has been di-
vided, and the county of Klamath setoff and organized,
contained, at that date, a population of not less than eight
thousand, and is returned by the commissioner at one thou-
sand six hundred and thirty-five.
The population of Butte county is reported incomplete
at three thousand five hundred and seventy-four. My resi-
dence, during the year 1849 and the spring of 1850, was in
thatcouutv. All the Feather river miners are m that county,
.and 1 cannot set her population down atless than ten thou-
sand.
' "The enumeration of Yuba, as reported, is so far short
of the real number of her population, that I am forced to
think^therermust have been some clerical mistake in trans-
ferring the figures.
" The county-of Yuba in June, 1850, embraced all of the
territpry now known by the name of Nevada, and in it are
the cities of Marysville, Nevada, and Uownsville—each of
which has a larger population than is returned for the
whole county, in addition to these cities, we find m Yuba
county, at that time, the towns of Rough and Ready, Year's
Valley, Parker's Bar, Rose's Bar, and others—each of
Which bad a population of not less than five hundred, and
polled, in September, 1850, the largest vote of any county
in the State. I estimate the population of Yuba, in June,
1850^ at 30,000, and in the return of the commissioner it is
set down at 9,674.
"■ The county of Sutter, in June, 1850, embracing what is
now known as the mining county of Placer, is returned as
having a population of 3,444. This county I represented in
the iast Legislature, and estimate its population at not less
than 7,500 in June, 1850."
Other details are given by the same gentleman.
The other Representative from California [Mr.
Marshall] concurred in the opinion as to the great
injustice that had been done, and gross inaccura-
cies in the returns for portions of the State in re-
gard to which he had personal knowledge. We
have, then, this remarkable fact, that here are the
Representatives from the State, who speak of lo-
calities with which they are perfectly familiar,
who tell you that there are towns in a county that
contained, in June, 1850, a larger population enti-
tled to be enumerated, than the whole county is
returned as having contained; and yet we are
asked to adhere to these returns, and are told ;
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] that it would be unsafe to depart from
them. At the time that the Legislature of Cali-
fornia sought to ascertain the population of the
State, and fount! that the census returns furnished
no adequate data to approximate to it, a commit-
tee of the Legislature was appointed to ascertain
the population as a basis for the apportionment of
the members of her Legislature. This committee
having sought, as they say, every means of infor-
mation which it was in their power to command,
came to the conclusion that the State then con-
tained a population of 300,000. This was in
April, 1851. This would, of course, include the
addition that had been received between June,
1850, and April, 1851—a period of ten months;
but that addition could not have exceeded the
number of 100,000. I must confess that the evi-
dence satisfied my mind that California was fully
entitled to two Representatives by her Federal pop-
ulation; and F feel unwilling to deprive the State
of a Representative without any substantial evi-
dence that should reduce her representation. I re-
peat, that in cases where the returns approximate
to accuracy, we ought not to depart from them;
but when they are shown to be so grossly incor-
rect as to afford no accurate basis for an appor-
tionment, and no approximation to the actual
population, it would be unjust to the State to be
governed by them.
We have a precedent in the case of Alabama.
The census returns of that State at a former cen-
sus were not made in due season, and that State
was permitted to retain the representation which
it had under the prior census until a new census
was completed. Upon the same principle applied
to California, it has seemed to me that we ought
not to deprive that State of the existing repre-
sentation until a new and accurate census should
show that we are right. If I had supposed that
there could be the least doubt as to what the result
of a new census would be, I should have recom-
mended that the present representation remain
until a new census could be taken, and to provide
for the taking of such new census. But inasmuch
as I had no manner of doubt on that point, J
prepared the amendment, which I have proposed,
to the effect that California shall retain her pres-
ent representation under the present census. In
order that no injustice may be done to South Caro-
lina, which has the lowest fraction entitled to Rep- j
resentatives, if California is excluded, I have pro- [
posed that the whole number of Representatives \
shall be changed from two hundred and thirty- i
three to two hundred and thirty-four; so that
California and South Carolina can neither have
any cause for complaint. If California were per-
mitted to retain her present number of Representa-
tives without this alteration, South Carolina would
be excluded; but as that State urges that, upon
the records, she is entitled to a Representative on
account of the fraction which she has, 1 have pre-
ferred not to deprive her of it.
In regard to the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, that if California is per- ,
mitted to haveher existing number of Representa- ■
tives, lie shall propose an amendment giving an j
additional Representative to Louisiana, it will be ;
time enough to consider that question when it j
comes up. We have now only to deal with Cali-
fornia; and the question is simply whether we
shall deprive her of the present number of Repre-
sentatives, because no census has been taken ap-
proximating to accuracy.
Mr. GWIN. I did not anticipate that this
question would come up to-day, and am there-
fore unable, at this time, to present to the Senate
the facts upon which 1 base my opinions, in such
an order as I would be glad to do. I must, how-
ever, express my astonishment that the honorable
Senator from Louisiana should insist upon the re-
turns, which have been made to the Department
of the Interior, as being conclusive with regard to
the actual population of California. The law
authorizing the taking of the census, gave to the
Secretary of the Interior power, when the census
would be completed, to make the apportionment
He has no power, under that law, to make the
apportionment until the census is completed. He j
comes now before Congress, and acknowledges it ■
never has been completed in one of the States of j
this Confederacy. He not only acknowledges it, I
but he sends to the Senate the evidence, showing !
conclusively that in that State the census had not i
been completed in compliance with the law. The t
Senator from Louisiana, assuming that it has been '
i completed, says, we propose to depart from the '
1 law, in asking that justice shall be meted out to
California, by giving her two members instead of
one as the bill proposes- He says, there is no
precedent for what it is proposed to do in the
amendment, that is, to give an additional member
to a State, owing to a defective enumeration.
Was there ever an instance before in which the
census was not completed before the apportion-
ment, except m the case of Alabama, which has
been referred to? and did not Congress, in that
case, provide by law that no injustice should be
done to the State, on account of the failure of the
census agent, from death or other cause, to com-
plete the enumeration before the apportionment
was made? He says he is opposed to the esti-
mate which is presented by the minority of the
Judiciary Committee in their report; yet he comes
forward and gives an estimate on which he bases
his statement of the population of California.
Mr. DOWNS. In the report of the commit-
tee, there is no estimate. I take the actual returns
made by the census agent to the Legislature of
California.
Mr. GWIN. The census agent says, in his
letter addressed to the Secretary of State of Cali-
fornia, that the returns, in some instances, were
given in "round numbers;" that is, the figures
were predicated upon the returns made by the
deputies, which are only an approximation to the
truth. He does not pretend that they are accu-
rate; yet, theSenator assumes thatthey are strictly
,, correct, and basis his argument upon that assump-
ii tion.
|! Mr. DOWNS. In some cases then, you have
no returns at all.
,j Mr. GWIN. And whose fault is it, that we
!' have not? Is California to blame that we have
j] not had the returns? The people of California
h threw no obstacle in the way. They contributed
all that was iu their power, to aid "the officers en-
;j gaged in taking the census. Are we to suffer in
(I this respect, because the marshals failed to do their
Sj duty? Suppose the marshal of the State of New
|: York had failed to take the census of that State:
|j would the State, which is entitled to thirty-four
|j members, be deprived, by the neglect of this offi-
j] cer, of her full representation, and be restricted
to only one member? It is notorious that the
census has not been correctly and completely taken
in California. No man pretends to say that it has.
The agent himself says he has not taken it cor-
rectly in any counties, and in some not at all. And
where is the remedy ? Are you to deprive a State
of this Confederacy of her proper representation
in the House of Representatives, because the offi-
cers of the "Government have failed to do their
duty ? This is the question presented to the Sen-
ate for its decision. There is no man who will
look at the facts as they are presented in the
minority report, and say that we are not entitled
to two members in the House of Representatives.
It must be admitted that the statement of the mem-
ber of the House from California, [Mr. Mc-
Corkle] is entitled to infinitely moie consideration
than the returns of the census agent. The mem-
ber from whose statement the honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] has quoted, was
a member of the joint committee of apportionment
in the Legislature of California. The returns of
the census agent were laid before the Legislature,
and were known to be unreliable by every mem-
ber of that body, and the joint committee proceed-
ed to obtain information from all reliable sources,
to ascertain, as nearly as they could, what was
the population of the State. And what was the
conclusion to which the joint committee came?
That the population of the State exceeded 300,000.
Why did they come to that conclusion ? Was
there any motive to induce that committee to over-
estimate the population? It was necessary there
should be an equality of representation in the new
apportionment that the Legislature was making;
and to overestimate the population, would add
to the burdens of taxation, by making the two
bodies of the Legislature larger than the popula-
tion justified. What motive could there be to in-
crease the taxes by making the population of the
State too large? There was no reason for such
action. Besides that, all the emigration which
started for California before the first of June, 1850,
was to be enumerated as a part of the population
of that State, according to the law authorizing the
taking of the census. The second section of the
supplementary census law says:
" Jind he it further enacted, That in enumerating persons
residing in California, Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico, the
several assistant marshals or agents shall include those who
may have removed from their residence in any State or
Territory of the United States, prior to the first day of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty, and settled subse-
quently to that date in either of the f-aid countries."
This is the law. All the emigrants who left
any State or Territory of the Union for California
before the first of June, 1850, were to be enumer-
ated. Now, how was California admitted into the
Union with her two representatives? It was first
on the requirements of her constitution, based upon
an estimate of her population, and a memorial pre-
sented to Congress by the Senators and Represent-
atives who were elected on the organization of the
State. That apportionment was made under the
apportionment of 1840, which gave a member for
i every seventy thousand inhabitants. The memo-
rial of the Senators and Representatives of Cali-
fornia went elaborately into the question to show
that we were then entitled to two representatives,
because in 1849 we had a population sufficient to
entitle us to that number under the apportionment
of 1840. We had estimates and figures, beyond
all dispute, that our population exceeded one hun-
dred and seven thousand, giving us a fraction
which entitled us to the two members. In that
memorial is set forth at large the original popula-
tion, and the emigration by land and water. This
was based upon the emigration of 1849. I have a
statement from the Quartermaster's Department,
showing that in 1850 there were upwards of forty
thousand emigrants passed one point—Fort La-
rime—on the emigrating route to California. This
is the official return as furnished by one of the
Government officers, a id kept with great accu-
racy. This, alone, added to the population of
1849, which was one hundred and seven thousand,
would give us two members under the law of 1850,
not to estimate the thousands that emigrated by
other land-routes and by sea.
Now, Mr. President, to show you how falla-
cious it is to say that justice can be done to Cali-
fornia by referring to these census returns, I will
exhibit some portions of the correspondence which
has passed between this Government and their
agents in relation to it. There has unquestionably
