1851,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
inhalation of sulphuric ether rendered the human
body insensible to pain daring surgical operations.
I would state to the House that it is a matter of
considerable importance; and I ask that a select
committee of five be appointed to take it in .charge.
The motion was agreed to, and the Chair was
authorized to appoint the committee.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Nicholas BoM-
vin be withdrawn from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. C AMPBELL of Illinois, and Mr. YATES
of Illinois, -presented petitions of certain registers
and receivers, asking compensation for locating
military land warrants; which were referred to
the Committee on Public lands.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Massa-
chusetts, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Darnel Sampson, praying
relief on account of blindness, brought on by exposure
whilst in the service of the United States,  s u caulker m
the Navy, be taken from the files, and referred to the -Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALL and Mr. MILLER presented sev-
eral memorials from the State of Missouri; which
were appropriately referred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was disagreed to.
On motion by Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, it was
Ordered, That certain papers in relation to Jame3 Mc-
Kall and Charles Fouman, be taken from the files of the
Bouse, andieterredto the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Moore and Ifas-
call he taken fiom the files of the House, and lefeired to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting to the State of Michigan the right
of way and a donation of public lands, for the
construction of a ship canal around the Fails of
St. Mary, in said State; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PENNIMAN presented a memorial from
certain registers and receivers, asking for compen-
sation for services in locating bounty land War-
rants; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, granting the right of way and ma-
king a grant of land to the States of Florida and
Alabama, in aid of the construction of q, railroad
from the waters of the Pensacola Bay, in Florida,
to Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CESSION OF TIIE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion; which was read for information, as follows,
viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
States in which they lie, alternate sections of the public
lands along the line of all railroad<, to construct which
companiesliave been chartered by the Legislatures of such
States, to aid in the constiuction of said lailroadii.
Mr. SWEETSER objected, and the resolution
was not received.
On motion by Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the following petitions be taken from the
file* of the House, and refened as indicated below, viz:
the petition of Harris and McCulloch to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; the petition of Mauuce R.
Pinions lo the Committee on Invalid Pensions; the peti-
tions of Taptatn A. Buchel, John Huff, and G. W. Davis,
to the Committee on Military Affairs ; the petitions of Wil-
liam Alexander and Charles Pinto the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following'bills, of which previous notice
had been given; which were read a first and second
time bv their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, viz:
A bill to grant a certain quantity of land to the
State of Iowa, for the purpose of aiding said State
in the construction of railroads from Dubuque to
Keokuck, and from Davenport to the Missouri
river; and
A bill for the relief of the preemption claimants
of the land upon which the towns of Fort Madison
and Burlington, in (owa, are situated.
Mr. HENJS",by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
to provide for the correction of errors in the loca-
tion of military bounty land warrants, and the
entry oflands; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. HENN, the following joint
resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of the
State of Iowa, were ordered to be taken from the
files of the House, and referred to the respective
committees to which they were heretofore referred:
A joint resolution for an appropriation for the
improvement of the Des Moines and Rock River
Rapids, on the Mississippi river;
A joint resolution asking a donation of lands to
actual settlers;
A joint resolution for establishing a land offioe
at Fort Des Moines; and
A joint resolution respecting saline lands; and
a preamble and resolutions on the subject of pro-
curing from the United States a compensation for
services and expenses, in defending a portion of
the territory of the United States against the un-
lawful claim to the exercise of authority by the
State of Missouri.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it was
Ordered, That document No. 903, of the House of Rep-
resentatives, (Troasuiy Department,) of the first session
29th Congiess, together with the accompanying papers, be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. HENN asked leave to offer a resolution;
which was read and agreed to, viz :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of leoeeupj ingFort
Kearny, near ihe mouth of Platte river; or of o&tabh hing
a new mihtaij post at some point on the Missouri river, ior
the protection of the western iiontiei of the State of Iowa
from Indian depredations. j
Mr. HENN asked the unanimous consent of i
the House to introduce a resolution instructing I
the Committee on Military Affairs to inquire into !
the expediency of establishing a military post at
the source of the Humboldt river.
Mr. SWEETSER objected, and the resolution
was not received.
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Messrs. Marshall of California, and McCorkljs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, to create a board of commission-
ers for the examination and payment of claims
against the United States arising out of the con-
quest of California; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That sundry petitions of citizens of Vnginia,
asking that the unhtaiy c>*tem now in toice in the atmorics
may be abolished, and that the said armoue* nmybe placed
undei civil supeimtendeuco, be taken from the files of the
House, and refeired to Hie Committee ori Military AlLurs.
Mr. VENABLE presented a petition from cit-
izens of North Carolina against the employment
of Chaplains; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
THE LAWS AND PUBLIC ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. SMART, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to regulate the publication of the laws of
the United Stales, and of thepublic advertisements;
which was read a first and second time by its title; ,
when '
Mr. S. moved that the bill be referred to a select '
committee of five, to be appointed by the Chair. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary; which
motion was agreed to.
PROSECUTION OF CLAIMS.
Mr. SMART, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to prohibit the prosecution of claims against
the United States by heads of Departments, Sena-
tors, and Representatives in Congress, during the
term of their respective offices; which having been
read a first and second time by its title,
Mr. S. asked that it might be put upon its pas-
sage. . „ ,
Mr. CARTTER called for the reading of the
bill; and it was read.
Mr. JONES. That is tolerably broad. We
are all in the habit here, or at least I am, of attend-
in0" to every claim which our constituents may
send us against the Government in any of the
Departments, or before Congress. I have never
received, directly or indirectly, the firet cent of
compensation for such services. Now, this is a
question which requires some investigation, per-
haps legislation, and I will 'go as far as that
gentleman or any other gentleman, to prescribe
penalties of the severest character against members
of Congress who may or shall prosecute claims
against the Government for pay. But a bill
should be so guarded as not to prevent others
from attending to the legitimate demands of their
constituents against the Government. I think
that we cannot here, at this time, properly _guard
and frame a bill to effect these objects. 1 hope,
therefore, that the matter will be referred to some
appropriate committee—perhaps that-of the Judi-
ciary would be the most proper one.
Mr. SMART. I wish to say that there is a
similar rule of this House in relation to oneoificer
of the House at least, providing that he shall not
prosecute any claim against the Government; and
there is a penalty affixed to that rule. That officer,
it is true, is a subordinate officer of the House;
•but for one, I have no idea of permitting men high
in station to go unpunished, and visit penalties
upon the acts of subordinate officers. 1 think the
country calls for such a law as this. I have no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr, Jones] to refer, and I think he
will concur with me m the opinion that such an.act
should be passed by Congress as this bill^contem-
plates. Everybody knows the enormous amount
of claims that have been presented of a certain de-
scription. Everybody knows the amount of con-
tingent fees that gentlemen, Senators and Repre-
sentatives, have obtained in prosecuting these
claims. Senators and Representatives become
interested in these claims to an extent almost
equal to the original claims; and I think it is a
matter that requires legislation. Why, you have
upon your statute-book a prohibition that no mem-
ber of Congress shall make a contract with this
Government, and yet you see Senators and Rep-
sentafives taking here $75,000 as contingent fees
to obtain a claim against this Government. I
have nothing more to say upon this subject now,
and move the reference of the subject to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOCOCK, I wish to ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. SM-art]-one question: Do-es he
mean to say that any membei of the last Congress
has received a fee for prosecuting claims?
Mr. SMART. Not at all. I did not mean to
apply my remarks to any member of this House,
but rumor and the press of the country say that
Senators have received the enormous amount of
$75,000 for a single fee. I hope that the matter
maybe leferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions to report a bill.
The bill was so referred.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
Mr. SMART. I ask the indulgence of the
House to present a resolution for obtaining some
information, and I would like to have the unani-
mous consent of the House upon its passage.
Mr. JONES. I would inquire if the call for
petitions has been gone through with?
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. JONES. Then I object, and call for the
regular business.
Mr. SMART. The information which I call
for is very important, and needs to be before Con-
gress nt an early hour.
Several Members. Read it; read it.
The resolution was then read for the informa-
tion of the House, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Piesident be ier|uc.-tcd to cause to be
communicated to this House, the whole amount expended
by the General Government in ea«-h State and Territory
since the year I7S9, for foils, awnals, armories, na\y-
vards, dock", light-houses, beacons, buoys, piers, and all
public buildings, including cost of sites, and, as near as can
be shown, the amount expended, including grants of land,
in each State, foi all works of internal iiupiovcment, and
the probable amount that it will cost in e?cb State and Ter-
ritory to complete such foits, arsenals, armories, navy-
yards, docks, lijiht-liouses, beacons, buoys, piers, public
building.' and works of internal impiovcments as are au-
thoiized hj law, and now remain unfinished. Also, the
whole expenditures alieady incurred,or bv law contempla-
ted, lor all public buildings and all local objoefs in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Also, the whole amount expended by
the Government, including the probable amount to be ex-
pended in virtue of exiting laws for all the objects above-
named. Also, the amount expended in each State and
Terutory in the removal of the Indians, including the
amount paid to said Indians lor vacating lands in each
State and Territoiy aforesaid ; and the cost of each Indian
war since 1' 98, designating the tribes or nations with which
