1836
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
from duty, and therefore not entitled under the
law, would they not have cause to complain of us
as having violated that courtesy which is due from
one branch of the Government to another? Surely
they would think such a course of procedure on
our part very unbecoming.
E\ch House, therefore, must be allowed to judge
of the propriety of its own action in relation to
matters concerning that House only; and if they
are guilty of any misconduct they are responsible,
not each House to the other, but to the country;
and throughout the country there will always be
found critics enough to expose such misconduct
on the .part of either branch of the Legislature.
I hope, sir, that it may be long before the two
Houses encase in so unworthy a contest, or seek
to hold ud each other to public reprobation. I
trast, then, that the Senate will insist on Us
amendment, and propose a committee of confer-
ence in relation to it; for 1 am sure that such a
committee would not be lon<r in adjusting this
matter of difference between the two Houses.
The question hein^ taken, the Senate insisted,
and agreed to appoint a committee of conference;
and Messrs. Huntdr, James, and Upham wer£
appointed.
executive sesston.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. GWIN, pro-
ceeded to th_e consideration of Executive business,
and, after some time spent theiein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 19, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. MoaGAN.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to lay upon the table a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Florida land bill
was defeated.
RELIEF OF PHILO SMITH.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the commence-
ment of the business of the morning hour, I ask
the consent of the House to itnroduce a small bill.
I will say to the House that it is a matter of inter-
est to but one of my constituents, and it proposes
to secure him the payment of the sum of $19 96,
the sum due him as one of the ordinary seamen
on board the Macedonian, as the share awarded to
him as captors of certain Algenne vessels, under
Commodore Decatur. I do not know whether a
bill for the payment of a sum of that size would
be entertained here. Such is the character of the
bill I desire to introduce.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
44 A bill for the relief of Philo Smith."
Mr. HOCJSTON. If it is introduced, I must
have it taken out of the morning hour. There is j
no time to spare from the public business. If it ;
is not taken out of the morning hour I must ob- j
jeer. !
Mr. OLDS. I shall be compelled to object if i
it be taken out of the morning hour. !
Mr. HE.VDRICKS. I ask that the bill may be
read for information, and I know the gentleman
will not object.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is a matter of so
small importance that it is hardly worth while to
occupy the attention of the House at another
time. The evidence in support of this claim is as
clear as could be. I ask that a letter from the
Treasury Department be read, and I ask that the
rule which requires that it should be considered in
Committee of the Whole, be suspended, and that
it l)e acted upon now.
The letter aiiuded to was then read, as follows:
Treasury Dicpart.mfnt, >
Jluauit 30, 18.)I. )
Sir: Your letter of the23d instant, to the Secretary of
the Navv, having been referred to mo, in ri'plv I have to
inform von that tin re i-=aMnaii«nm of $19 96 due to Philo
Smith, tormeily an oulmaiy st-amim on" board the Macedo-
nian. a- his share of the amount awarded to the captors
of certain Algenne vessel-, under Commodore Decatur.
Tho-e unclaimed balances having Ions; since been earned
to the credit of the kk surplus fund,;' they cannot now be
paid, until Congress shall ^appropriate* money for that
puipose. I am, &c., jour obedient servant,
a. o. da* ton.
joseph a. lewis, e-q. j
No further objection bein  made, the bill was I
then ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; i
and having been engrossed, it was read the third,
time and passed.
Mr. MOLONY, There is abill upon your table
that has come from the Senate, it passed -that
body unanimously, so free was it from objection.
It is simply (his: It asks nothing out of the Nation-
al Treasury, but asks the privilege for the city of
Chicago, at our own expense,—which will not be
less than one hundred thousand dollars,—to im-
prove her harbor by widening the river. Why
she asks this privilege of Congress is, that such
improvement cannot taKe place without a slight
■excavation of an old military reserve, but no longer
held for that purpose. I ask the consent of the
House, so great and urgent are the necessities of
the commerce of that port, that it may be taken
up and passed. It has already passed the Senate.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
<• An act to authouze the Mayor and Common Council
of Chicago, Illinois, to excavate a portion of the public res-
ervation at that place with a view to the impiovenient of
the navigation of the Chicago river. ">
The bill was then read through.
Mr. STANLY. [ would be glad to know
whether there is any provision in the geneial river
and harbor bill for the improvement of the Chica-
go nver?
Mr. MOLONY; Not for this improvement.
Mr. STANLY. Is there anything in the bill
for it?
Mr. MOLONY. There is in the bill to which
the gentleman alludes a provision for the comple-
tion of piers there which have already been com-
menced. The bill now under consideration is for
the widening of the river, which is imperiously
demanded for letting commerce get in and out.
The bill was then ordered to be read athird time.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to inquire, Mr. Speak-
er, whether the bill has ever been before any com-
mittee ?
Mr. MOLONY. It was before a Senate com-
mittee, which reported in its favor. The report
lies upon the Speaker's table. The Senate have
unanimously passed the bill.
[Cries of<k Question !" " Ciuestion!"]
The bill was then read the third lime and passed.
Mr. MOLONY. I move that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me to sub-
mit the motion that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why is it not in order now?
The SPEAKER. Because of the special order
of the House setting apart the morning hour for
the consideration of the morning business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business, then.
florida and alabama railroad.
The SPEAKER. The business fust in orde^
is House bill No. 271, granting the ri -ht of way
and a portion of the public lands to the States of
Florid.i and Alabama, for the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said States. The pending ques-
tion is the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Jenkins] to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was rejected.
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman from Florida,
[Mr. Cabell,] who feels a deep interest in this
bill, has been called from the city on account of
sickness, and I therefoie move that its further
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. STANLY. If it be in order, I move that
its further consideration be postponed till to-mor-
row week.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. JENKINS. The question, I believe, will
be first taken upon my motion.
The SPEAKER. According to the rules of the
House, the question must be first put upon the
longest number.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stanly, and it was agreed to; and the further
consideration of the bill was postponed till Tues-
day week.
right of way to rail and plank roads.
The SPEAKER. The question next in order
is the engrossment of House bill No. 284, to grant
the right of way to all rail and plank roads pass-
ins; through public lands belonging to the United
States.
Mr. COBB. It is-not my intention to consume
further time in the discussion of this bill. I shall,
however, submit for the action of the House sev-
eral amendments which have been suggested to
me as being proper.
Mr. HUNTER. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will give notice that at the proper time
1 will offer the following amendment:
Provided fwther, That when a location for either of
said railroads, or plank roads, oi sites (or depots on the line
of such road or roads shall be selected, the proper officers
of such road or road-* shall tianwut to the Commissioner
of the Genera! Land Office a correct plat of the s-nrvpy of
said road or road-., together with the Purvey of sites' for
depjts befote bitch selection become operative.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to that amend-
ment. I trust I may have the attention of the
House to the few suggestions I shall throw out.
The bill now provides that all plank and railroad
companies shall be entitled to five acres every ten
miles, if there be public land there, for the pur-
pose of constructing thereon depots, &c. The
suggestion has been made to me, that that quantitv
of land is too great. I have no preferences what-
ever in relation to the matter. 11 is for the House
to determine whether we shall grant to rail and
plank companies five, or a less number of acres,
for establishing work-shops, depots, &c. That
the question may be submitted for its action, I
move to insert in lieu of " five" " one," so that
it will read " one acre" instead of "five."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB.
It is also suggested, that in the
thirteenth line of the third section, after the words
" the road shall be begun within five years," I
should move to insert the words " from and after
the passage of this act." The amendment, if
adopted, will not affect the bill one way or the
other.
Mr. HEWN. I do not see the necessity for the
limitation. Why not let the roads be commenced
whenever it is thought proper?
Mr. COBB. I have no choice. The amend-
ment is intended to guard the Treasury as much
as possible. It is for the House to say whether
the words I have proposed shall or shall not be
inserted.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Is there any time
proposed in which the roads shall be completed?
Mr. COBB. The bill provides that all such
roads shall be commenced within five years, and
completed -within fifteen years.
Mr. SMART. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] indulge me for a moment? 1
noticed in the reading of the bill, which I have
not noticed before, that it is very loosely drawn.
T see that it authorizes the company to take wood,
stone, and earth from the vicinity of the railroads
at all times, lor building and repairing the road,
and carrying it to any point. It strikes me that
tins is a most extraordinary grant. It is a grant
to this company to go to any portion of the public
lands and take wood, earth, and stone, however
valuable, for the repairs of railroads. I trust that
no such grant will be made by this House. What
will you have left, suppose you make this grant?
Suppose you wish to sell lands to a citizen, what
will you have to sell? You will be obliged to sell
this land with this reservation.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman has any doubt
about this matter I can obviate it in a moment. I
will state to the House that they have given in
several railroad bills the right of way to different
States. If tl e gentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart]
has any difficulty about this matter, I would sug-
; gest an amendment like this: "Solon? as they
> remain public;" so the land which is disposed of
will carry with it a revocation of the right of the
road to use stone and timber from the particular
land which mav be sold.
Mr. SMART. If the gentleman will permit
i me, I will say to him that I am opposed to that
grant. It is a grant that has no limit, and peo-
ple may, in their discretion, take as much wood
and timber on the particular road as they please
I am not for making such a grant here, and i trust
that the project will be laid upon the table.
Mr. COBB. To obviate the gentleman's ob-
jection, I am perfectly willingthat there should be
an amendment inserted there in the words, " so
long as said lands remain public belonging to the
