972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
-make the population higher in number than it real-
ly was, was merely to add to the burdens of the
■people by an increase of taxation in the support
" 'of* a larger government establishment than was
•necessary.
' Mr. DOWNS. I do not suppose that they had
any' motives one \vay or the other. I suppose
"they took an estimate of some-particular portion
of the State, and^then assumed that one portion of
the State was like the other. But this will not do.
We want to know the actual population, in order
tjiatwe may know what representation they should
have. And these estimates vary unreasonably.
One man says that a county has a population of
ten thousand, and another that the population is
thirty thousand. If the Legislature of California
could not get at the fact which the gentleman wishes
to assume, after all the examination which they
gave to it, they must have gone on mere conjec-
ture. ' The Senator says that there are no regular
returns', from California, and that, therefore, we
might deprive her of her representation altogether
unless we take this estimate. If 1 am not mistaken,
there are returns which have been recognized by
the Secretary of the Interior, and which have been
sent here, f n addition to these returns there is no
doubt that the returns made to the Secretary of
-the Interior are strictly official and regular, because
they are taken under and by the act directing the
mode in which the census should be taken. It
cannot, therefore, be said that we have no reliable
returns- They may be imperfect. No doubt the
returns of every State are inure or less imperfect;
but their"being imperfect does not show that there
are no returns. The Senator from California,
therefore, does not mend his case by stating that
there are no returns; because that being the case,
the State will come under the general provision of
the Constitution, which provides that each State
shall be entitled to one Representative.
But it is said by the Senator from California,
as well as the Senator from Maine, that no such
case of injustice was ever practiced, and they re-
ferred to the State of Alabama. Now, the case
of Alabama was altogether a different one, and so
far from bein^ against the position which I as-
sume* and which the committee have assumed,
is, I think, in corroboration of it, for they did not
allow Alabama' another Representative, on the
ground that the returns had not come in in time;
but Congress only provided that the representa-
tion should stand as it was, and that she should
have a reasonable time to ascertain the actual
population. That population was so ascertained,
and she was allowed a representation accordingly.
Now, there is no such proposition made here. "If
there was, it is evident that it could not be carried
out; because such is the fluctuating condition of
the population of California, and such her condi-
tion now, that it would be impossible to ascertain
what was the population of California in June,
1850." The Senator from California says that
there are faults somewhere; that the Govern-
ment has commenced a prosecution against the
census agent for his neglect in the discharge of
his duties, and yet, at the same time, that Senator
alleges that that officer was not to blame. Sir, I
cannot see why the Governmentshould prosecute
that individual, if ho was not to blame.
Mr. GW!N. If the Senator will permit me, I
will repeat what I said; that if the apportionment
is to be based upon these census returns, it vill
be an outrage upon the people of California. That
wrong has been inflicted on us, either in the pas-
sage of the law, or in its execution. I do not
blame the census agent; for he says he could not
take the census for the want of money. The
Secretary of the Interior says he had no power to
give him money. I suppose Congress must be to
blame, and now let Congress right the wrong in-
flicted. The law evidently does not authorize the
advance of such sums as were indispensably ne-
cessary to the correct taking of the census. The
census agent in California could not get assistants,
because he had no money to pay them, or even
to defray their necessary expenses. The Secretary
is of the opinion the agent should have taken the
census without money. The agent avers that it
was not possible for him to do so. 1 think it is
an extraordinary case, such as has not happened
before, and one of peculiar hardship, so far as
California is concerned. There was e. fault in the
law, in not providing the means for its execution,
or by the officers of this Government, who,
j having the power under the law to furnish the
' agent with means, failed to do so.
Mr. DOWNS. The two- honorable Senators
rely on the report of the census agent, that these
; returns are defective and erroneous, and also on
; the statement of Mr. McCorkle, a member of
| the other House, which goes to show that they
| are defective, and who gives returns of one par-
i ticular county. I would ask the Senator to con-
: sider whether you can take these estimates as con-
' elusive, and act upon them, when we have the
: statement of this census agent, made in April last,
! a year ago, and when he has hadinstructions,and
the Government has been urging him to correct
his erroneous returns, and yet he shows that no
I material correction has been made since that time,
i Is there not strong reason to believe that that
1 census agent was mistaken in his conjectures,
i inasmuch as during twelve months he has not
| submitted to the Government any facts on this
i subject, although it was his duty to do so, to
■ show that there was an error? So with regard to
the statements of Mr. McCorkle. I have no doubt
he thought they were inaccurate. He says one
county was returned as having a population often
thousand, which, according to his estimate, has a
population of thirty thousand. Now, upon a
, question of so much importance, although I attach
all proper weight to the estimates which have been
made, it would be much more satisfactory if the
actual population of one county had been enumer-
ated and counted, and not estimated in the manner
that it has been.
When we consider that this question of the pop-
ulation of California has been so long the subject
of inquiry—when there have been so many con-
jectures, and so few facts—when the question of
the admission of California was one that met with
the most serious objections on account of the sup-
posed errors in regard to her estimated population
—I say the fact, that after a year these errors have
not been corrected, raises a very strong presump-
tion that they are not so great as they have been
supposed to be.
The Senator from California tells us that forty
thousand persons passed by a single point on their
way to California m one season. There is no
doubt of that. But we know—I know, for I have
seen the lists of the passengers by the steamers—
that they have been returning, too, in great num-
bers. You see^ everywhere persons who have
been to California and have returned. They are
here, even, in Congress; and we see them in this
city, and in every village and every settlement of
the country. If gentlemen wiil estimate every
man who ever has gone to California, I suppose
. they may make up the number of three hundred
| thousand. It is evident there must be some great
j mistake in the estimates with reference to the
i population of California. It is notlike that of any
other portion of the country which has been set-
j tied m our time. In every other State there is a
'certain degree of permanency m the population;
but many who go to California leave their fami-
lies in the places from which they go, and expect
to return to them again at a future day. A large
portion of them—it is impossible to say how
many—a large majority, more than a moiety oi
those who have gone to California, have gone,
not with the view of making that country a per-
manent residence, but for purposes of profit, or
with the view of getting gokl, and have returned
to their native States, and settled where they were
before. , You cannot, therefore, apply any ordi-
nary estimates in regard to this population. The
only way you can ascertain their number is to
count them.
Again, sir. you do not seem to attach any con-
sequence to the constitutional provision in such a
case. This is not a mere matter of expediency; n
is not a mere matter of discretion, it is a rule of
the Constitution, that the representation si.all be
based upon the enumerated population of a State.
That rule never has been departed from, and it
never can be departed from without a violation of
the Constitution, except m the case of the admis-
sion of new States, where there had been no op-
portunity of taking the census.
But the gentleman has told you, also, that the
population of California is increasing, and that by
the next ten years she may be entitled to have more
Representatives than many others of Lite States.
Grant that that may be the case: but let me ask,
is there no other State in the Union which will in-
crease in its population within the next ten years
as well as the State of California? Is all the pop-
ulation of the United States going to teem into Cal-
ifornia? We know that by their increase within
the next ten Years they may be deprived of a por-
tion of their rights; but that is no reason why she
should have more Representatives than her popula-
tion at present would entitle her to.
Mr. GWIN. Are we to be subjected to the loss
of our representation while the population of our
State is actually reported to be increasing? There
is no other State in the Union which is in the same
situation as we are, with a rapidly-increasing pop-
ulation.
Mr. DOWNS. There are several other States
that have larger fractions than California has, and
yet we are not permitted to come in on the same
terms. This is a matter of strict justice; not a
matter of feeling or concession. There is a rule
which should govern us on this subject. I invoke
the application of that rule, sir. It is a rule that is
applied to every other State in the Union, and I
see no reason—favorably disposed as the Govern-
ment of the United States has ever been towards
California—why we should set aside our rules
and Constitution, in favor of the State of Califor-
nia. We have, perhaps, done too much in regard
to that already, but I, for one, am ready to stop,
and am in favor of applying the same rule to her
as to all other States. The committee have done
so. They have given to each State that represent-
ation to which it is entitled, according to the re-
turns. Yet we are now called on to take the esti-
mates of the census agents. Nobody asks—no-
body could ask—the same rule to be applied to
any other State. The Senator asks too much, and
I hope that the Senate will not accede to his
request.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Louisi-
ana made the remark that the Senator from Cali-
fornia presented no facts to impeach the returns,
or on which we can act with propriety. Now, I
willalludeto whatlregardin the light ofa fact: One
'of the Representatives of California refers to the
returns from the county of Shasta, giving the num-
ber of inhabitants at three hundred and seventy-
eight. lie says he resided in that county; that
he was intimately acquainted with it, and that it
contained, in 1850, a population of six thousand
souls.
Mr. DOWNS. I would ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether, if he were asked the enumeration of
the population of his own town or county, he
could state it with sufficient accuracy to make it
the basis of a system of representation ? I know
the part of the State from which I come as well as
it is possible for a person to know any place, but
yet 1 Could not state definitely its population.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose it would not be
in the power of the Representative from Califor-
nia to state with accuracy the precise number; but
I suppose, if the honorable Senator from Louisiana
should state on this floor that the particular town
m which he had resided for two or three ^'ears,
and with which he was intimately acquainted, con-
tained a population of six thousand, that estimate
would be sufficient to impeach a census return
which stated the population at only three hundred
and seventv-eighr, especially if, as in this case, it
was admitted By the person who made the return
that it was incorrect. And I insist, that when the
returns are impeachcd, not only by the persons
who make them, but also by the Representatives
of the State, and who say that they know the
localities, and give the particulars ns to those
localities, we are bound to respect the information
that we receive from them. I wou!d not contend
that that information is sufficient to fix the precise
population; yet that there is enough to convince us
that we should do great injustice by assuming as
a basis returns that arc shown to "be so grossly
erroneous. Yet it is on such returns that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana feels bound to deprive the
State of California of one of its Representatives.
I think that we have facts enough in the specifi-
cations which have been given to impeach these
returns. I do not know that I was understood
when reading the extracts from the communica-
tion from one of the Representatives from Califor-
nia. The united delegation from that State speak
the same voice. They utterly repudiate the pre-
tended returns as containing anything like a fair
and full enumeration of the people of the Suite.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator permit me to
