1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
importance, and therefore he moved to refer it to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know what the wishes
of the memorialist are; but it is evident, from the
general tenor of the letter, that if the memorial
ought to go to any committee, it should be to the
Committee on Commerce. I move to refer it to
that committee.
Mr. GWIN remarked that he had desired to
refer it to the Committee on Commerce, but after
having had a conference with its chairman, he
thought it was not the proper reference. He with-
drew the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had a conference with the
honorable Senator from California, in relation to
this matter. So far as I understand it, it is a ques-
tion which properly belongs to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and not to the Committee on
Commerce. I understand the object of the com-
munication to be to make certain suggestions as
to the best method of opening relations with the
Japanese Government, the ports of which are now
closed against us. While the matter is one of a
somewhat commercial character, yet in all the in-
cipient and subsequent steps which may be taken,
it is one eminently connected with the foreign re-
lations. I therefore think the motion made by the
Senator from California was the proper one.
Mr. DAVIS. I certainly have no disposition
to give any particular direction to this paper. I
hardly know what it contains. But, as far as I
was able to understand from the reading of the
letter, it seemed to me to treat entirely of the
means of enlarging the commerce of the country.
I take it that it belongs to commercial affairs.
But if the gentleman himself, or any one else, de-
sires it to go to a particular committee, 1 have no
objection.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa. I suppose this is the
document, or a part of the document, on which
we had once " the battle of the books," between
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] and a
Senator from Missouri, now no longer a member
of this body, [Mr. Bexton.] I supposed it was
that; and I supposed that it would be a proper
inquiry for the Committee on Printing to deter-
mine whether it should be printed or not. I am
against the printing of these documents without
the examination of a committee; I therefore moved
its reference to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that the question be divided.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I agree to it at once.
I know what it is. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and the question of printing
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Iowa 1
will withdraw the latter part of the motion, for
this simple reason, if the communication goes to
any standing committee, that committee will in-
vestigate the matter, and will be better able to
judge of the propriety of printing it than the Com-
mittee on Printing. I apprehend it is not expected
that the Committee on Printing should investigate
the merits of every question presented. If obliged
to do that, they certainly could discharge no other
duty. I think, therefore, the simple question of
reference should be made, and let the question of
printing be determined subsequently.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I yield'to the sugges-
tion of the Senator.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of William
A. Christian, a purser in the Navy, praying to
be allowed, in the statement of his accounts, cer-
tain payments made to officers on board the Uni-
ted States steamer Princeton, holding acting ap-
pointments; which was referred, with the papers
on file, to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Daniel
Anderson, son and heir of Thomas 0. Anderson,
deceased, late of the Navy, praying payment of
the prize money due his father as one of the cap-
tors of the frigate Philadelphia; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Thos.
Pember, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as a Purser in the Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered^ TJaat the memorial of Robert M. Hamilton, oa
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of T P. McRlair, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the widow of George R. C. Floyd have
leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Abraham L. Knickerbock-
er, on the files of the Senate, be relerred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Thomson Hutchinson, and
the petition ot Barbara lleily, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Ori mjtion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordhfza, That the petition of Daniel Winslow, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordei-ed, That the papers relative to the claim of Thomas
M. Taylor, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Atiaiis.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the pupeis on file relating to the claim of
Francis P. Stockton, a Purser m the Navy, be referred to
the Committee on Naval Aftaiis,
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That the documents on file relating to the claim
ot F. P. Stockton, be referred to the Committee on Naval
All airs.
Mr. PRATT submitted an additional document
' relating to the claim of Mary Williams; which,
' with her petition on the files of the Senate, was
' referred to the Committee of Claims.
! On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
1 Ordered, That the petition of Richard Mackall, the pcti-
j tion of Jhjan Callagluwi, and the petition ot the hens of
! Robeit Sewall, on the llle  of the Senate, be refeired to the
l Committee oi Claims; that the memoiutl of the legal lep-
, resentatives of Kmakio Johnson and Ann K. Johnson, the
{ petition of thelegaliepreseiilatives uf John (J. Mackall, the
' memorial of Benedict J. Heard, the petition of the hens
I and legal jopresentatives of William Soiuemlle, and the
rnemonal of Hodges & Laud«da!e, on the files ot the Sen-
' ate, be icferred to the Committee of Claims.
| On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
j Ordered, That the memorial of Elizabeth Momoe, on the
J filosof the Senate, be refeircd to the Committee on Pen-
; sions,
| NOTICES OF BILLS.
| Mr. MILLER gave notice of his intention to
! ask leave to introduce a bill giving further reme-
| dies to patentees.
! Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
1 ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a ISoard
1 of Accounts.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act of
1831 in relation to cutting timber on the public
lands.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution repealing
a joint resolution approved March 3, 1845, direct-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury, whenever any
State shall or may be in default of the payment of
interest or principal on investment in its stocks or
bonds held by the United States m trust, to retain
certain moneys to which said State is entitled, for
the purposes there in named.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, agreeably to pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to bring in
a bill granting to the State of Wisconsin a dona-
tion of public lands to aid m the construction of a
railroad from the city of Milwaukie to the Mis-
sissippi river; which was read a first and second
time bv its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BADGER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring tn a bill for the
relief of M. IC. Warrington and C. W.J. Shubb,
executors of Capt. Lewis Warrington and others;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice
by his colleague, [Mr. Mason,] asked and ob-
x _ ' ,1 11 If 1 V*\ ri Kl il f f\ nililini'17P flip fin V —
tainedleave to bring in a bill to authorize the pay- _
ment of invalid pensions in certain cases; which j
was read a first and second time by its title, and ;
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to establish a
Mint of the United States in the city of New
York; which was read a first and second time by
its title* and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill io
grant to the State of Wisconsin the military reser-
vation at Fort Winnebago, in that State,to aid in
improving the navigation of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to bring in the
following bills; which were read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill for the relief of Richard Cheyney and
others; and
A bill for the relief of Charles Melrose.
Mr. PEARCE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bnng in a bill in ad-
dition to and amendatory of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the settlement of the accounts
of public officers, and others, who may have re-
ceived moneys arising from military contributions
or otherwise, m Mexico," approved March 3,
1849; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee^on Finance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to procure a revision of the acts of Congress*
and also of the statutory laws in force in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee an the Judiciary.
Also, a bill granting a pension to Sally T.
Floyd, widow of George C. Floyd, late lieutenant
I colonel in the Army of the United States; which
' was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. U. also obtained leave to have the papers
I on file in relation to this case referred to the same
1 committee.
i Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to previous notice,
! asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
! vive a portion of the act for the relief of widows
j of deceased soldiers; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WHITCOMB, agreeably to previous no-
S tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
j for the relief of John Devlin; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
i the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MALLORY, agreeably to previous notice*
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of William Richardson and others; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Badger] is not m his seat, I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 36, noes 17.
Mr. BADGER. I hope it will be entered on
the Journal by whom the motion was made. \
should not like it to go out to the country that I
made it and that it failed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
i" agreed to:
i i Reived, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
|l ed to inquire into the expediency of amending the law* ia
i: relation to alien and other pa^engers on boaui of ve^ol*,
so as to secure more olleotually the penalties for the \iola~-
j tion of such laws.
I Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
j resolution: which was considered by unanimous
I consent, and agreed to:
' Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
I mnmcate to the Senate the repoit of the survey, estimates,
i &e., of a route from St. Louis to the Kigtfeml of Red river,
: made under the direction of the Topographical Bureau by
I Captam Joshua Bainej.
ij Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
|j resolution for consideration:
II Resolved. That the Committee for the District of Co-
ll lumbia he. and they are herebv, instructed to inquire into
the expediency, anilpiohable co«t, ot -tiaightcning, grading,
i and \>a\mg Pennsylvania avenue fionx Seventeenth street
west to Georgetown : the erection of a permanent bridge
across Rock Creek, from the termination ofPennsyiyama av-
enue, to intersect with Georgetown ? the building ot a sewer
of suitable dimensions for draining Penns>lvama avenua
from Seventeenth to Twentieth meets west; the extension
of gas lights along the line of Pennsylvania avenue fron*
