1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
United States," or any other words which the
gentleman may choose.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him n question?
Mr. COBB. [ will hear any question.
Mr. JENKINS. If I understand the bill
aright it grants two hundred rods of land—one
hundied on each side of the road.
Mr. COBB. One hundred feet on each side.
Mr. JENKINS. That is twelve rods. Why
do you want a road twelve rods wide for a plank
road ? It is wide enough for three or four tracks,
and here are two hundred feet granted.
Mr. STUART. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment? The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Smart] objects to the bill, because it fixes an in-
cumbrance upon land that shall have been pur-
chased by individuals. No such construction can
be given this bill, because it purports to give the
right of way through Government land, and this
right exists while it is Government land; but the
moment those lands are sold to an individual the
rijht to take timber, stone, or eaith ceases; the
right of way merely remains,and nothing but thai.
As to the suggestion made by the gentleman from
New Yolk, [Mr. Jenkins,] in regard to the width
of the road, the bill does not propose to give this
number of feet along the whole line of the road.
It purports to give this number of feet for the pur-
pose of depot stations, building, &c.
Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman is mistaken.
It gives a wtdlh of one hundred feet along the
whole line, on each side of the road.
Mr. STUART. It only gives the additional
width al different points where stations and other
buildings are necessary.
Mr. COBB. One hundred feet on each side.
Mr. STUART. Honda which are laid out in
the western States are at least one hundred and
fifry fec-t in width. There is no reason why they
should not be two hunched feet. It is for the pur-
pose of a railroad track.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask, should there be a reason why it should be
two hundred feet before the grant is made?
Mr. STUART. Certainly there should be.
Whether it is one hundred or two bundled feet, it
is a matter of no possible consequence except so
far as regards the interests and convenience of the
road. When you get on a double track why two
hundred feet will not prove too much room.
Mr. COBB. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Jenkins] to
what I am about to say. I was of the same way
of thinking with the gentleman, but 1 consulted a
gentleman of this House, who is a practical engi-
neer, [Mr. Evans,] and he objects to the bill, be-
cause it did not give land enough. He said that
it is utterly impossible to construct a road of this
width through many sections ofthe country, where
considerable excavations have to be made.
Mr JENKINS. Will not sixty feet be wide
enough for three tracks ?
Mr. COBB. Two hundred feet will not be
enough in many instances, especially through low
ground, and they would have to beg for more.
The House has the bill before it. 1 have no more
interest in it than any member ofthe House, and
I trust that they will" take charge of it and make
such disposition of it as they see fit. I am re-
quested to call the previous question.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I hope my friend will
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for a moment. I hope the bill will not be laid
upon the table. The House will recollect that a
bill was defeated the other day granting the right
of way and a donation of public lands to aid ill the
construction of a railroad fioin Girard to Mobile
Bay. That road is now in progress, and the farm-
ers of that section of country are now at work
upon it. I suppose that there are not less than
five hundred hands at work upon it at this time,
h is, as I have said before, entirely in the hanus
of the farming communi'y, who are making an
effort to get a'market where they can carry, ill a
cheap and speedy way, their produce for shipping.
Furlv miles of the road are under contract, and H
passes through some three or four half sections of
public lands in that distance. Reject this bill and
all the wo'k, and all the money which has been
expended upon it, will be lost to that conimun-
Il>Mr. JENKINS. It would ba better for the
gentleman to introduce a bill applicable to his case,
instead of urging the passage of a geneial bill of
this character.
Mr. ABEttCROMBlE. I cannot conceive of
any bill for my case that would not be the best
bill for the who!ecountry,and for other roads. Will
the Government become so narrow and contracted
in its disposition as not to allow improvements of
this important character to be made through every
part of the country? 1 could not suppose that
there would be such ilhberalny in this House. I
do not think there is, and I cannot believe, for a
moment, that the mouon will be entertained by
the House. 1 desire to bring this matter to the
serious consideration of the House. It is a mat-
ter of no small importance to the part of the
country which 1 have the honor to represent.
They have spent a great deal of money already,
and there is but a small poitionof thepublic lands
through which the road, now under contract,
passes—probably not more than three or four half
sections. Are we to be deprived from carrying
on this road upon this account? As the road pro-
gresses, it reaches latger bodies of public lands—
lands which ai e poor and valueless, but which
will be made valuable by this improvement. Is
it possible, m view of the considerations I have
presented, that this House can refuse to grant the
light of way to the company who are building
this road? 1 hope that the good sense of this i
House will deteimtne against the motion made
by Lhe gentleman on my left, [Mr. Jenkins.]
Mr. HAVEN. I have no desire to take up the
time of the House before the vote is taken upon
this bill. I desire to submit two amendments for
the consideration of the House. It will be seen
by reference to the bill that it authorizes the run-
ning of these roads through the public lands. I
submit to the House that that may be an author-
ity to run through these lands upon which the
Government have forts, arsenals, navy-yards,
dock-yards, and works of publtcimprovement, and
I propose to offer a limitation restricting the use
of such property. Then I am in hopea that the
bill will be so acceptable to the House, that they
will take it with another amendment which I pro-
pose to offer, and which is to incorporate sub-
stantially upon the bill the resolution J offered the
other day, authorizing a company in my own
State to run their track through a work of the kind
1 have described. With these amendments, I am
in hopes that the biii will pass. I would have this
proviso added to the end of the third section:
Provided stilljarther, Tint none of the foregoing provis-
ions o{ tins act fliali apply to, or authorize any rights in
any land-* of the United other than such as are held
fot private entry and sale at the minimum price and such
as aie uitaurveyed and not held fur public use by elections
or improvements thereon.
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
will not be m order unless proposed as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Hunter,] unless by unanimous con-
sent it be received and considered at the proper
lime.
Mr. COBB. I object to that amendment, and
therefore the gentleman cannot offer it. 1 will
hear the other amendment read, for I think it is
right.
Mr. HAVEN. I was not aware that the
amendment oiFered by the gentleman from Ohio
was to the end of the third section. Jf that comes
in at the end of the third section, then I propose
this amendment as an amendment to his, which
will be m order.
The SPEAKER. As an amendment to an
amendment, it would be m order if the gentleman
had the floor, or if he could offer it by the consent
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr."HA VEN. That is precisely what I stated.
Mr. COBB. Let it go. I have no particular
objection to it.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose now to offer an
amendment as a fourth section of the bill.
Mr. COBB. 1 think that ought to be ingrafted
for New York's especial benefit.
Mr. STUART, i wish to make a suggestion
m regard to that fitst amendment. It is that the
gentleman should strike out the words " minimum
price,55 beoau.se you cannot cross a ruilioad Hack
where alternate sections have been reserved.
: Air. HAVEN. Very well; I have no objection
| to that. Strike out those words.
i The amendment was so modified.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire now to offer the fol-
lowing, to come in at the end of the bill as a fourth
section:
JlnJhe it further enacte/7, That the right of way through
the public laiuHutthc United States. ivingin Black Rock,
in the oount\ of Ene, m tlve State of New Y()ik. he and the
same is herein granted to the Loekpoit and Buffalo Kail-
road Company: Provided, T bat in the opinion of rhe Pres-
ident of the United States euch grant b*i not injurious to
public interests, and that the location.>lmll lie approved by
the President as to the portion and width of lhe said tail-
road :.Provided jmthet, That it the paid raihoad  -haH not
be completed within two years, or if at any time a'ter its
completion the said nuhvav he discontinued or abaiuioued,
this giant bhall'cease and deteinnne.
The SPEAKER. At this moment that amend-
ment can only be entertained by unanimous.con-
sent, Another amendment being pending;, it is-
not in order until that is disposed of.
Mr. COBB. My object is, that everybody shall
be satisfied, if possible.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to make a suggestion,
with the permission of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] if it is in order. I think the
first section ofthe bill is imperfect. I am for the
principle of the bill. I think it is a good bill, and
ought to be passed; but there are two or three
manifest defects in the first section. One is, that
-there is no provision authorizing surveys for the
purpose of roads, unless it is upon a given track
of road to be adopted, or that has been adopted
by the company. In other words, there is. no
authority to run surveys with a view to ascertain
a track.
Another thing which is common at this day is,
that railroad charters are granted by different
States, running through different States, and de-
pendent upon the legislation of different States.
There is no provision in this bill except for rail*
roads, the charters of which^regianted by a given
State. Now, I propose a substitute for the first
section containing the same principle, but which
relieves it from those two defects.
Mr. COBB, i will consent to the amendment
being read.
The proposed substitute was then read, as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted, That a right of way of one hundred feet
in width, lor a railroad, be and i- hereby granted through
any of the public land? belonging to the United States, to
nil railroad and plank load companies authorized by the
legislative authoniy of any one or more ot the States, and
any such company shall have a right to take possession of,
hold and n>e I'm the purpose of this giant so much of the
land hereby gianted as may be required for a railroad, sta-
tions, depots, and watering places of the company, but to
no greater width and extent than is herein provided : and
the engineer, officers, and agents of any such company
shall have the right to enter upon any of the public lands
belonging to the United States for the purpose of >-urveyitig,
locating, laying out, and fencing upon any such load iw
stations, watering places, and depots.
Mr. COBB. 1 cannot accept that amendment.
In the first piace it proposes only one hundred feet,
and an abie engineer here tells me that it is impos-
sible to establish a road of that width. The second
proposition of the gentleman may bring the differ-
ent Sutes into conflict, and 1 have no disposition
on a bill like this to do that. I therefore object to
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to trouble him for a moment?
Mr. COBB. 1 cannot refuse any gentleman of
the House this courtesy.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, there is one
provision in this bill which I do not like, and I
suggest it to the gentleman. As the bill now
stands, a company running their road through one
township of public lands,"although they may run
it for forty miles through other lands, will be en-
titled under the second section of this bill to take
materials for building, and for the perpetual repair
of the road, from the public lands alone, forever.
Now, I suppose it is only intended to give the
ri£ lit to take for repairs and building through the
lauds of the United States; but as the bill now
reads, it gives them the right to take it for the
whole road off the public lands. What 1 propose
is this, sir: that the company shall have the right
to take materials off the public, lands for building
a road through the public lands, and for repairing
it through the public lands, but not for the build-
ing and repair of the whole length of the road. I
suggest to the gentleman to propose as an amend-
ment to the end of the second section the words
" through s.ud land." It will then give the r;ght
to build it from the public materials through the
public lands, and to repair it from materials through
tbe pubUclands. But it will not givethe.eompany
