62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
Seventeenth street west to Georgetown; an-increase of the
Auxiliary Guard, undei a new system, of organization^ suffi-
cient to make them an efficient body; of supplying the city
with pure water from, the Gieat Falls of the Potomac ; and
the extension of a line of gas lights* from the budge afore-
said to High street in Georgetown,. and thence along s$td
street to its western termination.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. All these subjects- were
brought before the Senate by a variety of memo-
rials which I' presented during the last session, of
Congress. These memorials are o-n file,, and 1
have been, requested to bring the subject to the
attention of the Senate again. 1 have thought best
to do so by the resolution of inquiry. I hope
the Senate will adopt it, and then 1 will move to
take from the fil'es the petitions on the various sub-
jects embraced in it, that they may be referred to
the same committee.
Mr. CASS. X object to the consideration of
the resolution at tUra time. 1 do not do so because
of any objection to the resolution itself; bin I have
a resolution before the Senate, upon which E am
anxious to have its action; and it will not eome u-p
at all during the session, if every other resolution
is discussed, as it is presented, and adopted-.
COLONEL TALCOTT.
Mr. FISH submitted the following- resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Semite a copy of the proceedings of the
tJftacral Count-MhmiaJ held m the city of Washington m
June and Jutv hist, upon the tiial of George Talcott, Colo-
ns of Ordnance and Brigadier General by brevet in the
Atmy of tin; Cm ted State* ; and of the testimony taken be-
fore the taid court: toncth^r with the finding and sentence
of the court, and the approval thereof by the President.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against that resolu-
tion, for this reason : Various attempts have been
made in the Senate to obtain copies of the pro-
ceedings of court-martials upon private soldiers
and sailors even when they have been put to death,
and the Senate has refused to interfere, l't refused
to call for the proceedings of the trial of sailors
who were put to death on hoard the Somers.
And last session I made application to call for a
copy of the proceedings of a court by which some
private soldiers m a fort at, Portsmouth were sen-
tenced to wear iron collars with prongs around
them, and balls attached to their feet, for twelve
months. 1-could never get it. Private soldiers
and sailors may he subjected to the most infernal
and horrible torments which can be devised, and
applications to the Senate to call for the proceed-
ings in their cases are refused. If we do not
interfere to protect the private, I am opposed to
interfering for the officer. But as soon as an offi-
cer is tried we have orders for publications that
would outnumber the pa^es of the Bible. For
these reasons I am opposed to the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. 1 would surest to the honor-
able Senator who introduced this resolution, that
there is perhaps some unnecessary language in it.
'XVi- have been in t he habit of considering that a call
for the proceedings of a court-martial was neces-
sarily a call for the evidence and everything in
those proceedings.
Several Senators. It does no hnrm.
Mr. BADGER. I admit that it does not.
Mr. Lx WIN. I think this case is one in which
we ought to have the papers, because it will come
up before the Senate in another form. A nomina-
tion has to be made to fill the vacancy occasioned
by tiie removal of Colonel Talcott. If I under-
stand the case properly, it is important that we
whould have the papers, and the sooner we get
them the hotter.
Mr. SEWAHD. I have a single question about
this resolution which 1 will piopose for the con-
sideration of those who are wiser than I am:
whether it ought not To be addressed to the Presi-
dent of the United States instead of to the Secre-
tary of War; ( suppose that the sending of such
papers here is a question left to the discretion of the
President. I would ask my colleague to consent
to mi amendment, substituting the President of the
United States for the Secretary of War, and put- !
ting in the qualification, uif consistent with the
public interest."
Mr. FISH. I have no objection to such an
amendment, if it is necessary. I understand,
however, that the resolution is now in the form
usual for calls upon heads of Departments. I
presume the Senate is perfectly competent to
direct a Secretary to transmit such papers as it
may deem necessary for its own enlightenment
with regard to the business which is to come be-
;retary c
.he pupli
V
for£ it. The memorial which I' presented tVus
morning contemplates some further action by the
Senate m the case of Colonel Talcott. For that
action the proceedings of this court will become
essentially necessary. They are voluminous, and
it will take some time to prepare them. We
know not when the Senate may be called upon in
another capacity to act upon the case* I believe
the resolution is in the form usual in suqli cases.
If it be not, I will consent to the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I would say to my colleague
that learned Senators around me are of the opinion:
that it will facilitate the passage of the resolution
to substitute the President for the Secretary of
War, and to insert if consistent with the puplic
interest."
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The resolution was adopted.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
The following resolution, submitted' by Mr.
Bright, on the dth instant, was called up for con-
sideration:
Resolved^ That the following shall be a standing rulo of
Senate, to wit:
The Seeretaiv of the Senate, the Ser««ant-at-Arms, the
I>ooikcep8i,and Assistant Dooi keeper, shall'be chos-en on
the 3d Monday ot the present Congiesy, (fitat session of the
U-2d,) and on the second Monday ot the fust Mission of
every succeeding Congress.
Mr. BRIC*HT asked for the yeas and nays on
the resolution; and they were ordered.
Mr. BERR.IEN. Mr. President, if I recol-
lect aright, that rule was, after consideration by
the Senate, repealed, upon a view of the incon-
venience which resulted fi am frequent removals
of the ministerial officers of the Senate. I really
would desire, before I can give my vote in favor
of this resolution, to know upon what grounds
this change is proposed. It seems to me to be in-
consistent with the character of this body to elect
its mmisteual officers every two yeais. The re-
sult of the operation of that rule would be ta de-
prive the Senate of the benefit which is received
from the experience which the persons filling
those offices have in relation to its proceedings. 1
believe that there is no Presiding Officer who does
not frequently find a great beneiit from referring
to some of those officers with regard to senatorial
proceedings. 1 hope that however much or how-
ever little we may regard precedents m other cases,
we shall adhere to pi ecedent in this case, lam
unwilling, for myself, to encounter the risk, by a
biennial election, of depriving the Chair and the
Senate of the experience ol officers who have
served for a considerable time m their respective
places. It is the less necessary to adopt this rule,
because we have the power at any moment, by a
resolution, to dismiss any one of these officers
who may act improperly, and supply his place by
the election of another. These are my views. If
there be any good reason for the change, for the
restoration of what was found inconvenient, I
shall listen to it with pleasure. As at present ad-
vised, I am decidedly opposed to the resolution.
Air. BRIGHT. 1 have oil'ered this resolution
without being at all influenced by the considera-
tion who are now, or may hereafter be the officers
ol this body. The tenure by which these subor-
dinate offices are now held establishes a principle
anti-republican in its character, and catling for
such change as harmonizes with the elective fran-
chise generally. I do not wish to be understood
as stiking at the present incumbents, or as seeking
to revive the old rule in order to displace any
particular one of them. If I am so understood', "I
am misunderstood. It is the tenure by which
they hold, it is the principle involved, that I am
striking at.
A icferenceto the Journals of the Senate shows,
that at the first session of the Twenty-first Con-
gress (rule 49) was passed, which rule required
that the officers of this body should be elected in
the manner pi escribed in the resolution under con-
sideration. At the close of the Thirtieth Congress,
an honorable Senator from Alissouri, no longer a
member of this body, (Colonel Benton,) moved
a resolution, which was adopted, repealing the
49th rule, thus continuing the present incumbents
without limitation. Had my attention been called
to this subject then, [ should have opposed the
measure. Thus the matter has rested until this
time, many of us admitting that it is a very anti-
democratic feature in our organization, and one
that ought to be corrected, but all agreeing the
task of undertaking it would be a moat thankless
one, and in all probability result in the mover in-
curring the displeasure of those now in place.
But be this as it may, and as much as I would
regret to have the performance of that which I
regarded as a public duty lead to such a result, I
cannot be deterred by any such consideration from
acting and speaking out.
Mr. President, ] have neverheard any satisfac-
tory reason given for abrogating the 49th rule.
It is said that Senators relieve themselves from
the disagreeable necessity of saying yes or no to
applicants who present their names for our con-
sideration in connection with these offices; that it is
a full and satisfactory answer to all our constitu-
ents who seek these lucrative offices, to say, Sir,
we have disposed of them during the lifetime of
the present incumbents, and therefore it is unne-
cessary for me to waste time discussing the merit*
of your claims, <&c. Now permit me to say this is
all wrong. These, like other places of public em-
ployment, should be left open for disposal at stated
periods, thus enabling the incoming Senators at the
opening of each Congress to aid in making a choice
of the officers' of the body in which they are to
serve, and giving every good citizen an opportunity
of sharing in whatever of honor or pront belongs
to- such stations. I do not mean by what I have
said to be understood as advocating the principle
of rotation in office. Where we obtain the services
of gentlemen possessing peculiar qualification for'
the offices they are chosen to, and the public ser-
vice would be promoted by their continuance, I
would say, continue them; but continue them
according to the forms and usage® of a popular
government, and not during good behavior, as it
is called, which is nothing less thalrtfefegrant of a
life-estate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I regret that I shall be under
the necessity of voting against any change m this
rule. I regret to differ from my learned friend
from Indiana; but I shall not vote for any change
at this time. I d-o not want to see the Senate at
this session, at all events-, turned into a kind of
electioneering hall. I think it is exceedingly im-
prudent, let me tell my honorable friend from
Indiana, to introduce this subject at this session.
After the general election, and after we have as-
certained'the result of that election, we may com-
mence a general disturbing of officers everywhere.
But I think this is a very bad time for the Demo-
crats to commence to disturb the Senate. For
one, I shall not do it just now. I am not prepared
for it. It seems this aims at a general revolution.
I perhaps might unite with the gentleman if ho
should introduce a resolution to remove a particu-
lar officer. Perhaps I might; but I do not know
that I should. If that be the object, I should like
to see it come in that way. 1 say again, I hope
the gentleman will reflect" that tins is not a very
auspicious time to commence a thing of this kind
in the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. It was the concluding remark
of the Senator from Indiana [Air. Bright] which
announced tome the principle which actuated him
in bringing up this resolution. Up to that time X
had not understood what that principle was. Now
I' submit to the honorable Senator, that there is no
such principle involved-in the present practice of
the Senate. The principle to which he objects is,
that any officer under our institutions should have
his office as a life estate. There is no life estate
in the ministerial offices of the Senate. You can,
by a resolution, remove the incumbents at once.
They hold their offices at the pleasure of the Sen-
ate. They are the occupants of their places at our
will. Certainly, it there be any misconduct on
the part of any officer, a resolution for his removal
would induce an inquiry. _ He would be furnished
with the means of answering any allegations made
against him. But by this process, if it is intended
to affect the actual incumbents, they are to be de-
prived of their offices and condemned- unheard.
They are to be removed, divested of their present
tenure of office, and depend upon their capacities
to obtain the votes of Senators to be restored. I
take it for granted that though these officers hold
their places at our will, yet the Senate is a body
holding itself responsible to the country for acting
upon principles of equity and justice, and no offi-
cer should be removed who faithfully discharges
his duty. If there be a single individual now in
the employ of the Senate who has failed in the
discharge of his dtity, I will cheerfully unite with
any Senator in his removal upon proper evidence.
