1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
aider myself as having a very peculiar faculty of
knowing what the Constitution means. I think
that the various members of Congress who passed
those acts, were as competent to decide the ques-
tion as myself. I take it, that inasmuch as this has
been done by Congress, these acts have declared
the sense of the Congress of the United States,
that in extraordinary cases, members may be given
by estimate. Congress seem to have gone upon
the idea that, in the admission of new States, the
rule of the Constitution should not be considered
strictly applicable; that it was an extraordinary
case; acasein which some latitudemust beallowed
to legislative enactment. Be that as it may, here are
four cases in which States have had Representatives
upon estimates, and not upon enumeration. We
are brought to this condition of things. I have
said it would be grossly unjust, under the partic-
ular circumstances in which California was placed,
under which this census was taken, to hold her
bound by these imperfect returns. It would be
extremely unjust to her. Those returns do not
furnish an approximation to the truth; they not
only cannot be relied on as certain, but they are
absolutely discredited by those who made them.
That being an injustice, I suppose Congress will
not be inclined to perpetuate it. On the other
hand, I should be extremely unwilling to assume
that California had a larger fraction than South
Carolina; to assume that California would be enti-
tled, by the actual number of her inhabitants, to
two Representatives, and so exclude South Caro-
lina from the additional member to which she
would be entitled under the census.
Wow, admitting, as I do, with my friend from
Missouri, that the case is attended with difficulties
and embarrassments, do not we, upon the whole,
do as little wrong and accomplish as much good
by meeting this extraordinary state of things, by
the addition, during the present decennial period,
of one member to the number in the House of
Representatives, and allowing California to take
that member, as by pursuing the other course
suggested? There is every probability in the world
that she is strictly entitled to it. She is a new and
growing State. This enumeration is to stand for
ten years. If an influx of inhabitants continue to
pour into that State as they do now, she will, in
two or three years, be inadequately represented
by even two members, which she now has. Upon
the whole, although I admit there are difficulties,
and room for divers opinions, I think the best
course to pursue is that indicated by my friend
from Missouri, in voting for this amendment. I
think it does as little harm, and accomplishes as
much good, and perhaps more, than any other
' course we could pursue.
One word as to repeating the enumeration. That
is utterly impossible, because it was to have ascer-
tained the population in 1850; therefore, if we had
the time, which we have not, how could we pos-
sibly ascertain now what was the population of
California in 1850? With regard to that, then,
in the first place, it is impossible to ascertain what
it was; and m the next place, if it were possible,
we have not got the time. The new enumeration,
under the Constitution and law of 1850, has to go
into effect on the third of March next. It must,
therefore, be settled now; and upon the whole, I
do not see a better mode of settling it than that
suggested by my friend from Missouri.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to make a single
remark in reference to a question which has been
raised. The honorable Senator from Maryland
refers to the clause of the Constitution that pro-
vider that representation shall be based upon an
actual enumeration of the people, and then says
that there has been no actual enumeration of the
inhabitants of California. The fact is so. There
has been no actual enumeration. We have mere
conjecture as to three counties.
Mr. PRATT. I said that on the Senator's
side of the question the allegation is, that there has
been no enumeration.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understood the Senator
to make the statement himself; but I take his cor-
rection. I think the facts show conclusively that
there has been no actual enumeration—that there
Las not been an enumeration of much more than
one half of the inhabitants. I feel bound to dis-
regard returns when a Representative states that,
from his own knowledge, not a twelfth or a fif-
teenth of the population in a county where he has
resided for two or three years has been enumer-
ated. The true question is this: Shall we cut
down the representation of California without an
actual enumeration of her inhabitants ?
Where would the argument of the honorable
Senator from Maryland lead us ? Take the State
of New York, and suppose that no returns were
made from that State; the honorable Senator would
then contend that, inasmuch as there was no act-
ual enumeration, her representation should be cut
down to the one allowed by the Constitution. So
far from this position being correct, or demanded
by the Constitution, I believe the safer and sounder
rule would be not to change the representation
when there is no actual reliable enumeration. We
do not propose in the amendment which has been
offered, to change the representation. We leave
the representation of California to stand as it is,
because there is no actual enumeration, that de-
mands the change. We call upon gentleman who
raise the constitutional objection, to say whether
they are prepared to change the existing represent-
ation without an actual enumeration. Will they
change the existing representation because there
has been a failure to comply with the law—a failure
to make an actual enumeration, which has not
been owing to any fault of the State? I think
not.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be glad to obtain some
more information than I have derived from this
debate, before giving a vote upon this bill. As I
understand the papers in reference to this matter,
having run my eye cursorily over them since this
discussion commenced, there is a return of the
census for the State of California of 117,821. But
this return is supposed to contain some inaccura-
cies. If we are to assume a certain amount of in-
accuracies, I should be very glad to see some
method proposed by which we are to arrive at a
satisfactory result in that particular. I will ex-
plain myself by drawing the attention of the Sen-
ate to some of the figures that are given in there-
port of the majority and the minority of the com-
mittee. They allow to South Carolina a fraction
of some 49,000. The proposition contained in the
amendment is to give South Carolina a member of
the House of Representatives upon that fraction,
the ratio of representation being some 93,000.
The amendment also proposes to give California
an additional member. That goes, I suppose,
upon the presumption that California has a frac-
tion large enough to let her in, and yet not a frac-
tion so large as South Carolina. See, now, the
effect of that. The State of Louisiana has a frac-
tion of forty-six thousand. It is very clear, then,
that Louisiana is entitled to the member, and not
California. The law gives it to the largest frac-
tion. You are therefore driven to this alternative:
you must raise the fraction of California over that
of South Carolina, or over that of Louisiana—one
or the other. If it is raised over South Carolina,
it is also raised over Louisiana, of course. Well,
here are returns to a certain extent made official;
! and, as I suppose, admitted to be correct—I do not
know that it is, but I take it for granted, for the
present, that they are considered to be correct.
How are they shown to be incorrect? Partly by
persons who took the census admitting inaccura-
cies, and, further, by certain estimates made in the
legislative body of the State of California, putting
the population at three hundred thousand. Then
the honorable Senator from California says that
forty thousand persons passed Fort Laiamie,and
wentthiough the mountains. Where they went,
I do not know. Some of them, perhaps, went to
the Salt Lake, some to Oregon, and some to Cali-
fornia. But the number to be enumerated there
depends upon another consideration. They were
not to be enumerated, unless they were entering
California with a view to be settled in that State as
inhabitants of the State. That is the condition of :
the law. It is quite impossible to ascertain what
portion of these forty thousand people (if there
were that number) passed Fort Laramie upon that
condition, and when they were asked ifthey were
about to make themselves permanent residents of;
California, replied in the affirmative. That there •
is a great deal of transient population in California
at all times, is, I think, a fact that will not be ques-
tioned by anybody.
What does all this prove? That there is very j
considerable difficulty in regard to this question, is -  
proved beyond all doubt. There is a constitu- i
tional difficulty, and a difficulty of fact—a very t
serious one—in regard to it. H
I wish now to draw the attention of gentlemen
to another point. I should like to see the estimate
made by the legislative body of California; and,
if here are accurate returns, as it is supposed they
are, I should like to see the estimates put against
the accurate returns, that I might know fiaw they
would compare. Let us see how the estimates
will stand when compared with the accurafe re-
turns. If it can be shown -that there 'is .sufficient
reason to justify raising the population of Cali-
fornia-some twenty-four or twenty-five thousand,
which would be necessary in order to give her an
additional member, I shall be very much inclined,
for one, to do it. But I am not quite willing to
proceed upon a mere open conjecture—upon a.
naked fact not sustained by proof—that there have
been certain erroneous proceedings on the part of
those who took the census in California. 1 do not
feel quite authorized to infer that there is an error
of twenty-four or twenty-five thousand. It must
be remembered, that in order to carry this fraction
of California over that of Louisiana* we must as-
sume that there is an error to an amount rising
twenty thousand in the taking of the census of Cal-
ifornia. I understood there was a document of
that description; if so, I should be glad to see it.
Mr. DOWNS. I think I 6an put the Senator
right on that subject. As to the computation of
the Legislature of California, there is nothing in
the book I saw except the statement of the com-
mittee of the Legislature. They give no details;
no estimates of the different counties, no enumer-
ation but a mere general statement that the popu-
lation amounted to some three hundred thousand.
I could not find in that any data—any distinct
facts—to show upon what they based their state-
ment. Probably the Senator from California can
tell us.
Mr. GW1N. The statement of the census
agent was laid before the committee of the Legis-
lature. in the judgment of the committee, and of
the members of the Legislature, it was entirely in-
accurate, and not worthy of consideration. Thi 
report (and I am very sorry the Senator from
Maine has not got it here—I gave it to him) states
that the committee made the most diligent inquiry
to ascertain the exact population of the State, and
came to the conclusion that it exceeded three hun-
dred thousand. They examined persons from all
parts of the State, who corrected the returns of the
census agent, and made a correct estimate of our
population. While up, I will refer to my state-
ment of the number of persons who passed Fort
Laramie in 1850. It is stated by the assistant
quartermaster that they were going to California
and Oregon, not to the Salt Lake. These are the
very persons the law says shall be enumerated. I
do not know the exact number of these emigrants
who went to California, but it is very well known,
that of that year's emigration a vast majority went
to that State, and comparatively but few to Oregon.
The State of California did not take a census,
because they expected the United States to do it,
and upon the census taken by the United States,
we intended to make our apportionment. The
United States failing to take the census, we had to
collect from the most authentic sources within our
reach, information upon which to make our appor-
tionment, which resulted in the report of the joint
committee before referred to, which places our
population at more than three hundred thousand.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to make a few remarks,
in reply to the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, who supposed that Congress had settled the
question that representation might be allowed
without even an enumeration. That is very true,
in a case where no enumeration has been made;
but they never have, in any instance, made such
an allowance where an enumeration has been made.
On the contrary, the phraseology of the Constitu-
tion itself cleaily contemplates, thatbefore an enu-
meration has been made, as m the origin of the
Government, and when a new State is admitted,
they must necessarily allow a Representative with-
outan enumeration. The language oftheConsu-
tution is not that a Representative shall be allowed
without an enumeration; but that whenever an
enumeration is made, then there shall be no repre-
sentation without enumeration; so that the de-
cision of Congress on which the gentleman relies,
has no application to a case of this kind. The
language of the Constitution is: "Representatives
' and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the
' several States which may be included within this
