THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS i3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Sessioh.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 21, 1852.
New Series....No. 116.
House, (No. 207,) " to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1852," and ask a conference on
the disagreeing votes'of the two Houses thereon.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. At the end of
line three hundred and sixty-nine, I wish to offer
the following amendment:
To defray the expenses of a certain party of Omahas who
visited the city of Washington during the months of Feb-
ruary and March during the year 1852, the sum of $3,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
The House will recollect, upon my calling their
attention to it, that in March last, while these In-
dians were in this city, a bill was introduced, at
the instance of the Indian Bureau and the Secre-
tary of the Interior, on the authority of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, to defray their ex-
penses. That bill was before the House, and it !
ought to have passed at once without any dispute;
but my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] not
now in his seat, protested, upon a mere formal j
point, that the bill ought to be printed. I then
told him, if he contended for that printing, that
there would be nothing 0 pay the expenses of
these Indians, and they would be kept waiting
here a month or more longer than was necessary,
and at great expense. The House ordered the
bill to be laid over for printing;, and it did not
come back to us in a month. To save the Gov-
ernment from the necessity of the expense that
would have resulted from the delay, the Bureau j
of Indian Affairs put themselves to the great
trouble of obtaining time to pay those parties who
had claims for the expenses of these Indians while '
in the city, under the assurance that Congress i
would assuredly, with its universal prafctic? and
precedent heretofore, make thp necessary appro-
priation for the defraying aU these expenses. I
am instructed by the Committee on Indian Affaiis
to offer the amendment I have instead of offering
a separate bill, as we intended last March. Ithas
been the policy of this Government, from time
immemorial, to bring some of the tribes here, that
they might attain to some appreciation of the
power of the Government, the necessity of their
holding themselves in subordination to its laws,
and that they might have an idea of their own
helplessness if they choose to come in hostile con-
tact with the powers of the Government. Hence ^
it is that the expenses of many of these wild In- j
dians have been paid by the Government, that m j
making these visits they might see something of \
the people to whom they were compelled to submit. |;
I will read a precedent which occurred in 1849 to j.
show the difference between that instance and this.
It is a joint resolution of the two Rouses: " that j
1 the sum of $G,000 be and the same is hereby ap- |
4 propriated out of any money m the Treasury not
i otherwise appropriated, for the purpose ot defray- .
' ing the expenses of a certain delegation of the
f Chippewa Indians and their interpreter," &c.
In this case the sum of $6,000 was appropriated j
for about six or seven who comprised this Indian !
delegation. But in the case before us, there were |
nineteen in all, and they were here for weeks, and ;
all the appropriation we have recommended for j
paying their expenses is the sum of $3,000. j
This, sir, it strikes me, makes the amendment
itself perfectly clear, and concerning which the ,
House cannot have one momentary doubt. |
Mr. HENN. I desire to ask the gentleman ;
from Arkansas, whether there is any objection to ,
paying the expenses of the Indians to this place |
as well as home again? f
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman asks me t
whether there is any objection to paying the ex- ;
penses of the Indians to this place, as well as |
while they are here, and home again. I do not i
feel disposed to say anything ia relation to that. ;
But I will say to the House that the party of white
men who brought the Indians here, did it without
the authority of the Department, and not in accord-
ance with their instructions or the policy of the
Goverment in that particular instance, and there-
fore it -was that they refused^ to recommend any
appropriation, at all, by which the expenses of
116
these Indians~were,to be paid on their way to this
place. But when they found that these men would
not agree to bear their expenses any further, and
that the' Indians were to be left in a hopeless
condition, the Department recommended this sum 1
to be appropriated to pay their expenses while 1
here, and to enable them to return.
Mr. HENN. I would ask if the same gentle-
men who brought them here were not authorized
to conduct them home again ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The same persons who
brought them here did conduct them back again,
but with this understanding on the part of the
Department, that they would not recommend the
appropriation of one cent to defray their expenses
while coming here; their expenses while they were
here, and for their return home, were all the De-
partment recommended to be appropriated for 
Mr. HENN. At the request of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. How,] who is now absent,
and whose constituents have contributed to pay
the expenses of these Indians through New York,
and for the purpose of paying a just debt due to
the conductors for their own services, and for their
expenses from the Indian country to this city, I
offer this amendment, as a substitute to that of-
fered by the Committee on Indian Affairs:
That a sum not exceeding $7,0u0 be, and the same is
heteby, appropriated tor the expenses of the Omaha In-
dians, and their conductors on their journey to, iroin, and
at the city ot Washington, during the pa*-t vvintt-i*, and licit
the Secretary ot the Interior be dueeted to cause to be aud-
ited and paid out of the sum heieby appiopriated such sum
ot money as mav be due for such expenses.
i wish to remark that this does not cover the
whole sum claimed, but I believe it will cover all
that is justly due and ought to be paid them.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask what is the amount
asked for by the amendment to the amendment?
Mr. HENN. Seven thousand dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it is to increase the
appropriation from §3,000 to ^7,000. Well, sir,
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Hexn] has stated
the grounds upon which he offers this amendment.
It is for the House to decide whether they will
pass it. I have stated that it is not recommended
by the Department. If the House choose to adopt
the amendment, I have no objection. But I wish
it understood that it is not at my instance.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. 1 am opposed to
this amendment. 1 am opposed to the policy, if
there is a policy about it, of bringing these In-
dians here at ail, whether by individuals or by
the Commissioner, or whether the Department
order them here. It is to no purpose. They de-
rive no benefit from it. It is a matter of specula-
tion, wholly and entirely. -The idea of giving the
Indians a knowledge of the power of tlusGovern-
ment by bringing them here is fallacious in the
extreme. To illustrate it, a gentleman told me
that after the Indians had been here for some time,
and had an opportunity to examine into the power
of this Government, he asked one of them what lie
thought of it. The reply was, that they had a
medicine man at home who could kill the whole
of them. This is the kind of knowledge they re-
ceive of the power of this Government.
I desire to know what authority this party
of men had to bring these Indians here* The
gentleman from Arkansas has just told us that
the Department gave them no such authority.
Upon what authority, then, do they come here
and claim compensation for bringing these In-
dians here? Has any set of men the right to bring
a party of Indianshere to dance and whoop around
the city, and then receive pay from the Govern-
ment for it? 1 protest agamstciaixns of that char-
acter. Upon the ground stated by the gentleman
from Aikansas—that they were brought here, and
were about to be abandoned—it was the duty of
the Government then, as an act of humanity, to
pay their expenses and return them home; but I
will not give the persons who brought them here
a premium for doing an unauthorized act.
Mr. HENN. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Arkansas whether the Government did
not find, on consultation with these Indians, that
they had violated their treaty with the Indians;
and therefore the Indians had just cause to come
here and enter their claims -against the Govern-
ment for that violation?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have never examined into
the matter of which the gentleman speaks, partic-
ularly. There may have'been grounds or com-
plaint upon the part of these Indians, or a portion,
of the action of the Government towards them,
but that does not clear up this matter so as tomaks
it an authorized proceeding upon the part of these
white persons who brought them here, as the De-
partment alleges, upon their own hook—to speak
m the ordinary language. It was not in accord-
ance with the desire or policy or instructions of
the Government at that time that they should be
brought here; but it was in accordance with hu-
manity and right that, after they had been brought
here, and had no means of living here, nor of re-
turning home, "that, they •should be enabled to re-
turn home, and that the Government should bear
their expenses.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now ask that the question
may be taken upon my amendment to pay their
expenses while here, and to enable them to return
home.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. To the section of the bill
referring to the Shawnees, I offer* under the in-
structions of the Committee on Indian Affairs, the
following amendment:
For payment to the Shawnees of moneys due them under
.Did 1>> the TKatics ot the 7th of November, 1825, and the
bftli ol August, 1831, between the United State* and the two
divisions ol said tnbo of Indian*, the same being the net
balance received into the Treasury lor the sale ot their
lauds in Ohio, ,^66*246 &> : PromieJ, however, That said
tribe of Indian?* shall fast express their assent that the pay-
ment of the above sum shall be made equally to the whole
tube lathei than to either division thereot.
That is an amendment which restores to the
whole tribe what is due to them under a very
strange and extraordinary state of case. The Gov-
ernment of the United States bought out one half
of the tribe of its lands, for which it stipulated to
furnish lands for the whole tribe, and ffive them a
fee-simple title for the same. The Government
then bought out the lands of the second portion of
the tribe, amounting to some ninety-odd thousand
acres, for which they were to give the Indians one
hundred thousand acres of the land they had already
sold to the first portion of the tribe, and which was
already theirs by absolute treaty stipulations with
d fee-simple title and a patent therefoi. So the
consideration for which the sale was made by the
second portion of the tribe—those who lived in
Ohio—was lands which the United States had pre-
viously sold, and to which they were consequent-
ly unable to give any title at all. That is the
amendment, arid it stands as one of the clearest of
cases. I offer it with the proviso, because if the
money is paid to the first division of the tribe—
those from Missouii, who furnished the original
con^ideiauon for the laud—it would create a dis-
tinction m the tribe who are now living together
like a band of brothers. The committee, there-
fore, came to the conclusion that it should be given
to the whole t.nho alike.
1 have explained this case without going into
minutiae, because 1 gave a full and distinct expla-
nation of it m my remarks on this bill before the
debate was closed. Every one then expressed
entire satisfaction as to the matter, and a convic-
tion that it was but simple justice. Under the -
instructions of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
I have so drawn the amendment that the money
shall not be paid to either branch of the tribe, but
to the whole tribe. It is quite clear, and beyond
dispute, from all the facts of the case, that we
owe this given amount. The only question is, to
whom we owe it? Singularly enough, we owe it
equitably to one half the tribe, and legally to the
other. But as they are a band of people among
the first of the Indian tribes in point of intelli-
gence and civilization, and as the two branches of
the tribe have intermarried and live together like
