1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
brothers, supporting themselves by agriculture, so
that they will have no disposition to dispute among
themselves, the committee have instructed me to
put in a provision that the money shall be paid to
the whole tribe, and that it shall not be paid at all
until they assent to its being paid in that way. If
we pay it to one branch of the tribe or to the
other, we shall have to pay it over again; and as
we owe but one debt, we want to pay but one.
The object of the proviso to the amendment is to
prevent our ever being called upon to pay the debt
again.
Mr. CARTTER. This amendment proposes
to pay a given amount of money, does it not?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir, $66,246 33, or sev-
enty-one cents an acre for the land.
Mr. CARTTER. And this is in lieu of one
hundred thousand acres of land?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir, land which we pro-
posed to sell them, but which had been sold be-
fore; and they claim to have this money refunded,
deducting the cost of surveys and improvements,
and everything in our favor, and leaving the
amount of only seventy-one cents an acre. We
owe them this money b.y every law, equitable or
legal, that was ever brought to bear on a civilized
community.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the clause in reference to (he Winnebagoes, by
adding thereto the following:
For the payment of reasonable compensation for travel-
ing, transportaiion, and fcubnistmice of A. M. Mitchell and
posse of citizens, of Minnesota Territory, summoned by
him, when mai*ha! of said Terntory, and engaged in the
suppression of Indian distmbancc.s in said.Teri itory. about
the 30th of June. 1850, their accounts to be settled and pay-
ment made under the orders and direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, $1,600.
Mr. J. said: I will state that this amendment
was offered by me, under instructions from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to the Indian appro-
priation bill of the last session of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. And was ruled out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; it was not ruled out
of order; and I will mention the peculiar circum-
stances under which this amendment failed to
become a portion of the regular Indian appropria-
tion bill of the last session of Congress, for it may
be of some interest to new members to know how
entirely a dead failure can be brought upon them
at an unexpected moment. J olfered this amend-
ment m Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and, as the chairman of the Ways
and Means, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] was very anxious that we should get on
with tne bill, and as they had commenced readirg
the bill for the putpose of reporting it back to the
House, says he, "Just wait, Johnson; I'll offer
that amendment myself as soon us we get into the
House; and, if I offer it, it will certainly pass."
Says I, " Certainly, sir; I'll do so;" and I with-
drew the amendment. Well, as soon as we got
into the House, up jumps the chairman and calls,
the previous question on the bill. I remonstrated,
and said I did not think it fair. Says he, " I take
' back the call for the previous question, and 1 now
i oiler this amendment for the irenfleman from Ar-
' kansas, and ask t hat it may be put in the bill arid
4 passed.'1 Just at this point another gentleman
got up, "I rise to a point of otder." "The
Speaker. The gentleman will state his point of
4 order." Says lie: " I make this point of order:
i That n<"> sectimi can pass mnkino;an appropriation
i of money without being fiist considered in Com-
{ miUee of the Whole on the state of the Union."
The Chair sustains the point of order; Mr. John-
son must take his seat; and the chairman of the
Ways and Means calls the previous question on
the bill. That is the way my amendment went
• down. It ou^litto have been passed at that time.
It was one of those nice little interludes in which
a man thinks he has a head on his shoulders, but
finds, when he comes to look at himself, that he
Ins none at all. I now ask, as an explanntion to
the committee of the circumstances out of which
this claim grew, that the Clerk will read the state-
ment from the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Several Members. It is not necessary.
Mr. JOHNSONS Very well, sir; if the com-
mittee is satisfied, I will not have it read.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
&od it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
For payment to the heirs of Cyrus Choice, the balance
due for services tendered by him as acting Indian agentm
New Mexico, from the 9th of December, 1849, to the 14th
of September, 1850, at the rate of $1,550 per annum
$1,137 7b.
The Clerk read a letter from the,Secretary of
the Interior, explaining and recommending the ap-
propriation.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
For payment to Presha Bedwell, (formerly Presha Fore-
man.) being the amount of an award by the Cherokee eom-
missioner* in her favor, which was erroneously paid by a .
former Cherokee agent to some one who personated the
proper claimant, the sum of$464.
It is satisfactorily established that a former
agent of the Cherokees made the payment to
another peison, and that this'amount of $464 due
to Presha Bedwell never has been paid, it is in-
cluded in the regular estimates, and was presented
by me unHer the instruction of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, as an amendment to the deficiency
bill. A point of order was made upon it, and
overruled; but at the same time the House—many
members not voting at all—voted down the amend-
ment, on the ground which was taken in contest-
ing jt—that the deficiency bill was not the right
place for it, and that it ought to go into this bill.
1 am now instructed by the committee to offer it
as an amendment to this bill. This item, and two
other small items which I shall offer when this is
disposed of, are thus referred to in the estimates
of the Department: " The several sums are re-
' quired to correct errors committed by the United
' States Cherokee commissioners in their awards,
* and by the Indian agent in his payment under
4 those awards." I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which I send to the Clerk's table:
The amendment was read as follows:
For payment to Horsefly, being the amount of an award
by the iiist boaid of Cherokee commissioners (less the
sum ot aix dollars allowed as fee to the attorney) for an
improvement belonging to Tianey, the deceased wife of
Iloisefly, impropt'ily valued and paid tor to Tawney, of
the same town, in the country east, the sum ot $54.
Mr. BELL. I rise, not under the name of op-
posing this amendment, but to make an inquiry
of the Committee ot Ways and Means. Most of
uswhovotehere,oratleast manyof us, vote with-
out understanding whether these amendments are
right or wrong. 1 take it for granted, however,
that theseaniendments are all right, otherwise the
chairman of the committee, as well as other mem-
bers of the committee, who must necessarily un-
derstand the application of these amendments,
would inform us.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendments which
have been olfered, with one exception, before these
small ones, which are now up, as was stated by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,] on
yesterday, were wholly new to the Committee of
Ways and Means, as they are new to every mem-
ber of this House. Nothing touching or relating
to them, in any way, has ever been referred to us,
wan probably one exception, or to any commit-
tee. It is impossible for me, then, to know any-
thing more about them than the gentleman fiom
Obio, [Mr. Bell,] or any other gentleman. That
is the ifeason why nothing was said in regard to
these claims passing this morning:. It would be
impossible for us to investigate them, unless com-
munications had been made to us, or made pub-
lic, so as to reach the Committee of Ways and
Means, either by reference, or by being amongst
the public documents. There are one or two ex-
ceptions, as I have stated.
These claims now being proposed involve, as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bell] must see,
issues of fact. They depend upon the truth of the
statement, as set forth by the Commissioner ofthe
Indian Bureau, that the parties were personified,
and the money paid to wrpng persons. Those
facts are such as have never been -acted upon by
the Committee of'Waysand Means. They were
excluded from the deficiency bill upon grounds
stated by the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson.] These cases, in my opinion, should
not go into this bill, not because they have no
merits, for that I have not examined into, but be-
cause I regard them as private claims, which ought
to have been examined into and reported, either
for or against, by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I do not-think it proper, however, to make that
point of order in reference to them, as I do not
.know the claims to be unjust, and since, taking as .
correct the statement of the gentleman who has
examined them, the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, the facts are in favor of the claimants.
Mr. BELL. I have but a word, then, to say.
Without any hostility to the merits of these
claims, as I do not know what merits they may
possess, I shall be under the necessity of voting
against them', from the fact that they have not
been presented to a committee, as they properly
should have been.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken about these claims. They were pre-
sented to a committee, and were before the Com"
mittee of Ways and Means, as he will find by doc-
ument No. 30. I will read the language of it:
"For payment to Presha Bedwell, (formerly Presha
Foreman,) being the amount of an award by the Cherokee
commissions!s in her favor, winch was eironeously paid
by a founei Cherokee agent to someone who personated the
pioper claimant, $-104.
" For payment to Hmwfly, hoing the amount of an awauf
by the first boaid of Cherokee coninn^ioneis (less the sum
of six dollars allowed as tee to the attorney) lor an im-
provement belonging to Tiancy, the deceased wife of Horse-
fly, improperly valued aad paid for to Tawney, of the
same town, in the countnPeast, $54.
"Forpayment to Se-ka-wee, a Cherokee, onlv heir of
Woo te-ti eh, deceased, for an improvement in Turkey town
valley, Alabama, which was improperly valued and paid
for to Rachaei Bnght, a white woman, the s-aid Woo-te ir-
eli, deceased, being the rightful owner, ,§16650."
These are the amendments now proposed, and
the explanations of them is found in the same doc-
ument, two or three pages further on, and is in
these words:
" Nos. 3; 4, and 5. As expressed m the items, the several
sums: are required to correct crrois commuted by the United
States Cherokee commit-sumeia in thsir awaid*, and by
the Indian agent in hid payments under those awaids "
Mr. BELL. I understand all these^claims have
been paid once.
Mr. HOUSTON'. They have, by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BELL. And now we are asked to pay
them a second time. I hold that such an applica-
tion should be made through a proper committee,
and 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. They have
never been paid; i dispute it; they have never
been paid. Why, sir, if the Government has
paid the money to parties not entitled to it, do you
call that payment? And will you refuse the just
debts of the Government because they have once
paid it in their own wrong?—because they have
made a false payment ?
Mr. BELL. I understand that. Money from
the Treasury of the United States has been paid
out, and by the agents of this Government. They
may have paid it to improper persons. I do not
doubt the view the gentleman takes of it, but I
want the application to come through the proper
channel—through a committee who can examine it
m their room.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the gentleman from
Ohio, if he will allow me to interrupt him, whether
or not the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
it was specially referred, and by them examined
and reported upon, is not a proper channel of
communication ?
Mr. BELL, t do not doubt that.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer another amendment.
It is for money rmspaid, or in other words never
paid at all.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
For payment to Sp-Ka-wee, a Cherokee, onlv heir of
Woo te-ti-eh, deceased, for an improvement in Tin km town
valley, Alabama, winch was improperly valued <md paid
for to Rachacl Blight, a white woman, the ^-aid Woo-te-tt-
eh, deceased, being the rightful owner, $566 5(J.
7he question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House, with the
amendments.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
