1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
committee reported, that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 43) 44 making appropriation for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30th, 1853," and had directed him to report
the same back with sundry amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the House do not !
care about having all the amendments read. If ,
no one calls for the reading of them, let us take a ' 1
vote upon them altogether, except those singled
out, and upon which a separate vote is desired.
The SPEAKER. According to the usual prac-
tice, unless objected to, the Clerk will read the
amendments, if any gentleman desires a separate
vote upon any one of them he will signify it.
Exception was taken to but two amendments.
The question was then taken upon all the
amendments reported from the committee, except
the eighth and eleventh, and they were concurred
in. .
Amendment No. 8, upon which a separate vote
was asked, was read as follows;
" For liquidating the balance, found due to the Creek In-
dians tor looses sustained during the la^ war with Great
Britain by that portion of tin-* tube that was. t'riwidly to and
cooperated with the United States, m accordance with the
promise of the Government.417 90. to be paid by the
United Stare* agent for the Creek fwli.uw to individuals
now livmir, and the lea.il representative^ of those deceased
who are entitled to receive the same."
Mr. DANIEL. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment, and also demand tellers
upon the yeas and navs.
Tellers upon the yeas and nays, and also the
yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken upon the adop-
tion of the amendment, and there were upon a
division—ayes 74, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 ask for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hamilton
and Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and the tellers reported—ayes 85, noes 39.
So th\e amendment was adopted.
The next amendment which was reported as an
addition to the clause making appropriation for
the Menomonee Indians, and upon which a sep-
arate vote was requested, was then read as fol-
lows:
(i For additional compensation for the ^ale of their lands
in the State of Arkan^i* hv tin- tie.ity of October 18,
$3*21,840; the same to be paid in swell siim> and at *micIi
tunes, with the a| p«*obationof said nation, as the President
may thmk most conducive to their pcospeuiv and liappi-
lies-*."
Mi% KING, of New York. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune.
The SPEAKER. When is it the pleasure of
the House to have the hill read a third time ?
[Cries all over the Hall of"; Now!" "Now!"]
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON^ I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the mam question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
DEFICIENCY BTLL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask that the
House will, by unanimous consent, permit the
deficiency bill, which has been returned to us from ,
the Senate with a disagreeing vote between the
two Houses upon a solitary item, to be taken up, ,
that the House will insist upon its non-concurrence i
with the amendment of the Senate, and that a com- |
mittee of conference be appointed, as asked for on ;
their part. ]
There was no objection, and the bill was taken '
up. . . !
Mr. JONES. I move that the House insist upon ;
its non-concurrence in the amendment of the Sen- |
ate, and that a committee of conference be ap-
pointed by the Speaker.
Mr. STANLY. { hope the House will recede
from their disagreement.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will permit me
T will state, that his motion to, recede will take
precedence of the one to ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. STANLY. I want to get the House out
of a difficulty, which 1 think they have got into
by accident. I am satisfied the House acted under
a mistake in voting against that appropriation the
other day. There was some discussion about the
constructive mileage after the adjournment of
last Congress, and many members thought they
were voting upon that. That is not the fact, but
if it were so, it would not alter my opinion. This
is an appropriation of $50,000, to supply an ex-
isting deficiency—to pay the mileage and per diem
of members of the Senate and the House.
Now, if the Senate have done anything which
this body does not approve, this is not the place
for us to arraign them, and I hope we will not set
an example of finding fault with any conduct of
theirs. If we do so, we will injure ourselves in
the public estimation, and confer no great honor
upon republican government itself. The question
whether that honorable body has done anything
wrong, 1 do not intend to discuss, whatever my
individual opinions may be. Leave them to the
tribunal of public opinion. That is the bar before
which they are to be tried, as well as ourselves;
and I ask the House—1 implore them—not to get
into a contest with the Senate about their applica-
tion of I heir fund in whatever way they may
choose to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of being; informed correctly upon the sub-
ject, and for the purpose of the counti y being cor-
rectly informed upon the subject, I wish to ask
the gentleman from North Carolina whether some
$40,000 or $41,000 of the $50,000 appropriation is
not to pay constructive mileage of the Senate? It
makes no difference what we may do hereafter,
the facts ought to be known to the country, and
for what this $50,000 is to be paid. Is not this
appropriation to supply a deficiency created by the
payment of that constructive mileage?
Mr. STANLY. I do not know, but I under-
stand not. I heard so from some incidental de-
bate m the Senate; but whether it is so or not the
constructive uvleage has been taken by those who
thought they were entitled to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman, F will state that this is for the tegular
per diem*and mileage. The constructive mileage
has been paid long since.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If T understand
this question at nil it is this: At the last session of
Congress we appropriated, upon the estimate of
the Secretary of the Senate, $18().000, and upon
the estimate of theSergeant-at-Arrnsof this House,
a sum sufficient to make that up to #835,040.
Out of that the Secretary of t^e Senate diew from
the Treasury $190,040, and he had an unexpended
balance of appropriation in his hands of $12,000,
making $202,000 in round numbers The last
Executive session was convened on the 4^h of
March, 1851, and lasted some ten days. For that
session most of the Senators took constructive
nuhage, for which no estimate had ever been
made or appropriation passed by Congress; but
the appropriation having been made for the fiscal
year which commenced upon the first day of July,
1851, they took the necessary amount to pay con-
structive mileage out of the appropriation of that
year, and, consequently, left a large deficiency—
not this entire $50,000, but somewhere over
#40,000. The entire constructive mileage of all
the Senators, if taken at that extra session, would,
according to a statement of the Secretary of the
Senate, be alittle over $48,000. There is between
$6,000 and $7,000, which, I understand, has not
been drawn by Senators, and which it is probable
will not be drawn, which would make some $41,000
paid oat that session for constructive mileage.
Then, sir, the payment of that amount out of the
appropriation leaves a deficiency at the present
session of the Senate, in the fund for the pay of
the mileage and per diem of Senators, which was
originally estimated for by the Secretary of the
Senate and appropriated bv Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will correct him in his statement. It
must be remembered—and T know the gentleman
will so soon as.I allude to "it—that a good many
of the Senators were new Senators, who were en-
titled to their mileage. They took their "seats at
that session for the first time. - I do not know the
particular number, but there were certainly some
three or four.
A "Voice. Somesix or seven.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am informed by a gentle-
man near me there were six or seven. Their
mileage will make a considerable portion of this
amount.
Mr. JONES. That may be all right. I do not
know how many theie were, but the1 difference
between the constructive mileage and the $50,000
is made up by the difference of mileage voted to
the California Senators and other new Senators
which have come in.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I want to see whether I
understand the gentleman's point correctly. This
appropriation is to pay (he regular per diem and
mileage of the present Senators; but I understand
if some money had not been applied in a different
way, it might have been unnecessai y; but it seems
to me, taking it to be true that the Senate wasted
money at a for uer session, there is no reason
why they should not have the monev that is due
to tlvse individuals—perhaps a different set of
individuals. We cannot, upon the ground they
have misapplied monev formerly, refuse,the usual
and proper appropriation now.
Mr. JONES. The facts are before the House.
I cannot myself vote for the appropriation.
Mr. FITCH. With the gentleman's permis-
sio ,. No matter what our opposition to this con-
structive mileage may be, Mr. Speaker—and past
action has shown mine to be earnest—our refusal
to concur in the amendmentof the Senate to this
deficiency bill will not reach the point. They
have the money, and we have no power to make
them give it up, had we the disposition to do so.
The deficiency is not in the Senate mileage and
per diem simply. It is in a fund for mdeage and
per diem of Semite and House both. The appro-
pi ution for that purpose will be exhausted early
in August; and surely the House cannot intend,
by us present action, to say it will refuse to make
the necessary appropriation for the purpoeeof sup-
plying a deficiency for its own pav and mileage.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is not one
dolUr estimated for by this \ louse.
Mr. FIFCH. The Serjeant-at-Arms assured
me, that early in August the fund will expire<and
! presume he did ic with the data before him.
Some time in Augu-t, then, theie will be no fund
for the p lyment of the per diem and mileage of
members of the Hnu«e, and merely for the pur-
pose of showing our hostility to an act of the Sen-
ate. which we have not i he power to go behind or
remedy, we propose a course of action which, if
we are consistent, must lead us to refuse an ap-
propriation for our own pay, If ihe Senate has
misapplied their funds, they alone are responsible,
not the House. We find only hefae us the fact
that a deficiency in a joint fund exists. Those
who now vote against supplying it, would prob-
ably be the first to complain, if, in August, when
the'Sergeant-at-Arms lias no money to pav them,
the Senate should refuse to supply the deficiency
for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. I trust we will pursue the
course that we will be satisfied with on calm re-
flection. One reason why we should avoid a col-
lision wiih the Senate, was suggested by a gentle-
man near me, one of the first membeis of the
House in inielligenco, character, and length of
service. Suppose the Senate should object to any
appropriation i o us for books, or for an y t hing else.
We would l-e brought into collision with that
body, which would iend to our mutual discredit
before the American people. If they have done
anything wrung, let them be amenable to public
opinion, and let us take care of our own conduct.
Our only right course is, to ?u*t as gentlemen, and
as members of the House. I move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the Senate's
amendment, and upon that question call for the
previous ques'ion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers on th©
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
