1851.
THE' CONGlfcfiSSlOtf AL" GLOBE.
m
was, and was intended tn be, a testimonial from
the Congress of the United States, to a great man
and a holy cause. Why, it went forth to the
world as a homage from a great Republic to a prin-
ciple, which is the corner-stone of its own institu-
tions, and was announced in every journal from
California to Siberia, wherever an iron despotism
has not placed its foot upon the press. It was a
most imposing legislative act. The arrival of the
vessel we sent on this grateful mission upon the
old Homeric waters of the Hellespont was her-
alded by the announcement of the fact to all the
world. And a proud day it was for us, and I
trust, for bum'an liberty, when these hope-deferred
exiles trod the deck of freedom, and found the en-
sign of a great and free people waving over them.
Then, and not till then, were they safe.
And are we now to mar this beautiful page of
our history, this tribute to patriotism and freedom,
by saying that we merely invited a party of un-
fortunate Hungarians, as " emigrants, to our
shores, and there they have landed, and there we
leave them? They came as emigrants, and let
them settlo as such. And do we seek to prove
by a philological examination of the invitation,
merely, in fact, it would appear, to please two des-
potic monarchs, that we meant no honor to Kos-
suth, none to his companions, none to the cause
to which they have devoted themselves? Why,
sir, the common instincts of every man revolt
against such a perversion. He came under no
such circumstances. He came an exile, indeed,
but admired and revered, wherever liberty has
found an abiding-place, or wherever sincere but
secret aspirations ascend to Heaven for its enjoy-
ment. "Such were the condition and claims of
Kossuth. I regretted"very much to bear upon this
floor words of reproach, both against him and the
revolution of his country. He needs no eulogy
from me. He will find that in the hearts of man-
kind and in the voice of History. His name will
go down to posterity, imprinting his character and
principles upon the generation among which his
great deeds have been done. Every age of the
world is marked by the advent of peculiar indi-
viduals, who seem designed by Providence to per-
form a distinguished part in the concerns of the
world. This age is marked by the deeds of Kos-
suth. Why, sir, there must be some great fas-
cination aboutthis wanderer, without power, with-
out wealth, without a country. Such processions
as those, that have welcomed his arrival both here
and in England, have scarcely been seen in the
world, since the pageants of Roman triumphs.
No man can receive such voluntary homage from
a free people, without possessing some of th e high-
est qualities of our nature. Did he not, his pres-
ence would soon dissolve the enchantment, and
reduce him to his true dimensions. But enthu-
siasm seems to increase as lie becomes better
known, and all join in tendering to him the tribute
of admiration. v
A good deal has been said about the revolution
of Hungary, and a good deal in disparagement of
it. I shall not follow these assaults to repel them.
It would be a work of supererogation in this coun-
try. I will say, however, that it was a great and
noble effort, worthy of the descendants of that 1
band of heroes, who, centuries ago, upon the fron-
tiei of Christendom upheld the banner of the Cross
against the standard of the Prophet of Mecca. It
is objected here, that the Hungarians began their
revolution with professions of loyalty to the Aus-
trian crown and of attachment to the Austrian em-
pire; that they asked but little at first, and that they
avowed their determination not to be separated
from their common country; and all this is brought
forward here as a charge and a proof of inconsist-
ency and insincerity. Well, sir, this is almost a
chapter taken out of our own revolutionary histo-
ry—almost a narrative of events and feelings in
our own country, connected with the origin and
progress of our "struggle with England. The re-
semblance, not to say the identity, is remarkable.
What did our revolutionary fathers do? They,
too, began with declarations of attachment to the
English crown and people, and it is a historical
truth beyond contradiction, that they did not
desire separation, and they at first condemned
it as a "Teat evil. If the Hungarians boasted, as
is here said, that they were the firmest supporters
of the Austrian power, and had freely shed their
blood in its defence, did not the noble patriots who
conducted us through our stormy and perilous
crisis, did they not boast in like manner, that they
had shown their attachment 10 England by fight-
ing her battles in the wars of 17-15 and 1760, and
had taken efficient parts in the capture of the Ha-
vana, of Louisbourg, and of Cluebec, and in the
annihilation of the French power upon this Con-
tinent? So began the contest, but sufferings and
sacrifices oil one side, and cruelty and oppression
on the other, soon changed all these feelings, and
converted sincere friendship into deadly enmity.
And such is the natural course of all revolutions.
They generally commence with moderate de-
mands, but soon change their character and seek*
the permanent establishment of independence.
Concessions, which would at first have been re-
ceived with gratitude, are afterwards spurned with
contempt, and the struggling party rises in its
hopes and expectations in proportion to its own
exertions and to the prospects of success. I re-
peat, it is human nature. Attempts at subju-
gation produce their necessary consequences—
enmity and alienation vNow, sir, I do hope we shall
hear no more of Hungarian inconsistency and in-
sincerity; because little was asked at first and
much afterwards; for we cannot hear it without
being sensible that the same accusation may be
made against Washington and his associates,
whom we all love and honor. This has been pre-
cisely the course of all men, wh© have had to fight
the battles of freedom, since human rights first
contended against human despotism.
Mr. President, what is the object of the present
proceeding?—I refer now to the resolution intro-
duced by the Senator from Mississmpi, [Mr.
Foote,] as it is more comprehensive Jjian the one
offered by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] and better opens the whole subject.
But by-and-by I shall briefly consider the latter.
What, I repeat, is the object of this proceeding?
It is to express the interest of the American
people and their representatives in the glorious
cause, aye, and in the glorious fate of this great
Hungarian leader. What was that resolution of
the Senator from Mississippi? It was substan-
tially an expression of" sympathy" for a people
" unfurling the banners of freedom," in the beau-
tiful words of Washington; and these words fur-
nish a precedent, which I hope the Senators from
Georgia and Kentucky [Mr. Berkikn and Mr.
Underwood] will consider sufficiently authorita-
tive to enable them to join us upon this occasion
in expressing the sympathy of our countrymen, as
the same feeling was expressed by the first and
greatest of our Chief Magistrates in the heroic age
of the Republic. What have nations a right to
do—a real practical right to do—under the cir-
cumstances, in which we are placed? That is the
true question, divested of all the fears, whose anti-
cipations have here fallen from eloquent tongues,
but I trust upon unbelieving ears. Why, sir,
every nation has the right to. open wide its doors,
and to receive, with welcome and kindness, all the
victims of oppression, who, seeking to free their
country from despotism, encounter the disastrous
chances of a revolution, and arecompe'led to seek
safety by flight. These unfortunate men are re-
ceived and protected by every Government under
heaven, except where excluded by the joint stip-
ulations of some of those iron-hearted rulers, whose
vengeance nothing but human blood will satisfy,
and" who desire to cut off all means of escape
from homeless, houseless patriots. The moment
a revolution is put down, those who have taken
part in it, flee elsewhere, if they can, for protection.
In Europe they find refuge in France and Eng-
land. There are at this moment, some half a
dozen wandering pretenders, whom revolution-
ary events have expelled or withheld from thrones,
and who are roaming through Europe, protected
by its various Governments. England, at one
time, afforded an asylum to the refugees of two,
if not of three, revolutions. I am not sure, that
the representative of the Bourbon family was
there when Louis Philippe was overthrown, but
Louis Philippe himself, and those, who led to the
revolution, that dethroned him, and were the vic-
tims of another struggle, found themselves in
England at the same time, quietly enjoying the
protection of her laws. Who ever complained
that a place of refuge was thus found for the
unfortunate? And yet, what is the importance
of a small band of exiles upon a distant continent
to the real presence and protection of- him
[ who claims, by the grace of God, the governmont
of a country? If the former is justly offensive^ J
should like to know what the-latter is?. If this
poor privilege of escape were1 taken away, yoij '
would shut up, within a condemned' district,
every man under the ban of his rulers, and yofy
would make each of the despotic countries of
Europe one vast slaughter-house; and still more,
you would destroy the very germs of liberty,
throughout a vast portion of the world. But still
further, the Governments of Europe appropriate
money to defray the expenses of strangers, thus
thrown upon their hospitality. The British Gov-
ernment has done this,and so has .the Government
of France, and to a large amount, for exiles, who
have taken refuge there. It is a well-known fact,
that the banished pretenders to several of the Eu-
ropean thrones, have been aided, if not wholly
supported, by the contributions of their monarch-
ical brethren. who have been fortunate enough to
retain their positions. And are we to refrain
front, even the poor tribute of expressing our sym-
pathy for these interesting strangers, who come
among us—these patriotic exiles, because we are
republicans, and they desire their countrymen to
become such ? No one complains of monarchical
sympathy! Let no man in this free country com-
plain of the republican expression of it. It is futile
to talk about intervention. There is no interven-
tion in all this.
I suppose it would be a much more offensiv®
proceeding to a persecuting government to hava
the subjects of its wrath protected and main-
tained, than would be a mere expression of sym-
pathy in their misfortunes.
Mr. President, there is a great principle, which
no one can deny, and that is, that in the internal
contests of other countries, where one portion of
a community is endeavoring to throw oft' an iron
yoke, the other Powers of the earth have no right
to interfere. England, nnd her continental allies,
violated this salutary prohibition, in the invasion
of France, towards the commencement of her rev-
olution, and signally was this breach of duty re-
buked and punished by triumphant armies, who
carried the tri-colored flag from Lisbon to Mos-
cow. As far as I understand, this is the very
ground taken by Kossuth in his various answers
and addresses, conceived, I must say, in the genu-
ine spirit of eloquence. He is willing to abide the
issue of the efforts of the Hungarians, if they are
left to contend with the power of Austria alone.
It may be, that in the many and extemporaneous
answers he is compelled to make, he has not al-
ways laid down the precise limitations; but the
general purport is sufficiently manifest, and, sir, I
fully agree with him in this view. Russia and
Austria have violated this great salutary principle.
Thelatter, hard-pressed by the gallant Hungarians,
invoked the aid of the Autocrat, and the Cossacks
poured over the frontiers, and prostrated in the dust
the banner of freedom. Now, what may other
nations rightfully do under such circumstances?
The law of nations is the bond, which unites all
civilized communities together; which protects, not
always,unfortunately, butoften, the weak against
the s'trong—the arbiter which substitutes reason
for force. Every country under heaven has an
interest in its immunity and preservation.^
If, then, one of its great principles is violated,
what may other nations rightfully do? Why, sir,
the answer is easy and clear. If any nation believes
' its own interest is so much affected 6y this violation,
and that it is so grave in its character as to justify
it, it may resort to that remedy at its discretion. It
has the moral right to appeal to that final arbiter
in the disputes among independent Powers.
Whether it will take that serious step is a ques-
tion for its own decision, depending upon its view -
of its own interest and policy.
But there are other methods, than war, by which
the feelings and disapprobation of the impartial
Governments of the world may be expressed.
They may make a public and solemn protest
against the proceeding, placing upon historic rec-
ord their disapproval of this conduct, and avowing
their determination never to assent to the conse-
quences of such acts, nor to the doctrines they es-
tablish. Or they may remonstrate, in a diplomatic
form, through their own representative, in terms
more or less severe and decided, as the gravity of
the circumstances and the interests involved may
render proper; or the whole subject may be dis-
cussed, and the course condemned in the legisla-
tive bodies of other Governments, as is done in
