68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo. 11,
France, in England, and in the United States.
The public opinion of the world is a powerful
engine in its social and political systems; and
though not always strong enough to prevent injus-
tice, It is never without a salutary effect. It can-
not be wholly shut out from the most despotic
countries, and it has often made the tyrant tremble
on his throne. And the halls of free legislation
are the very places, whence this warning voice
may issue to perform its work. It seems to
have been assumed in this discussion, that if we
remonstrate against infractions of the law of
nations—against this high-handed violation, for^
example, by Russia and Austria—that we must'
be prepared to support our decoration by war—
that, in truth, the act itself pledges us to war.
Why, sir, no error can be greater or more mis-
chievous. The protests and remonstrances of
nations are everyday occurrences in the diplomatic
history of the world. England put upon record
her protest against the occupation of Cracow, to
record in all time her disapprobation of that act of
violence and in justice. But she rested theie. She
did not think the circumstances called for war.
And within the current year, it is known that both
France and England made repiesentntions against
the demand of Russia and Austria, that the Sultan
should deliver up to their tender mercies the un-
fortunate Hungarian exiles. What the protesting
States would have done, had this insolent demand
succeeded, we do not know. It did not necessa-
rily follow, that they would go to war. But it
would be time ill spent to multiply instances in
illustration of this doctrine. Modem history is
full of them, and they are familiar to all. I re-
peat, that what we shall do, in cases where we
find it necessary to pursue this mode of expressing
our disapprobation, is a mere question of policy;
and if we do nothing but put ourselves right by
tins process of a disapproval, we rnmpromit neither
our dignity nor our honor. We put our views
upon record, and then we are free to act at any
time thereafter, as we please.
I take it for granted, that there is not asane man
in tins country who dreams even of intervening by
force in this affair—of sending a fleet to cover the
Adriatic, and to blockadetheln^unesofold Venice,
and the port of Trieste, or another to take its station
on the Sound, and close the entrance of the Baltic to
the shipy of Russia. It is not physical force that
every true lover of his country would desire to
employ on this occasion. It is moral force; that
powerful lever in the affairs of the world, which
sooner or later will do its work. Like truth, it
is mighty and will prevail. Let not gentlemen,
therefore, be alarmed at the proposed expression
of sympathy and inleiest. It may keep alive the
hopes of oppressed millions in Emope to know
that their condition and prospects receive the warm
repaid of the gro.it Republic, which in the new
hemisphere has pi cceded (hem in the struggle for
freedom, and now leaps the reward: and in doing
tin's, we keep ourselves stilj'in the pale of the law of
nations, and «ive just cause of offence to no one.
Mr. President, eloquent allusions have been
made here to the ominous condition of Europe.
And truly it is sufficiently threatening to fix the le-
gard of the rest of the cmh/.ed world. Elements are
at work there, whose contact and contest must ere
long produce esiplo^ionw, whose consequences no
man can fore w. The cloud may as yet be no bigger
than a man's hand, like that seen by the prophet
from Mount Oanne', but it will overspread the
whole hemisphere nnd burst perhaps m rums upon
the social and political systems of the Old World.
Antagonistic principle*? are domg their work there.
The conflict cannot be avoided. The desire of
man to govern himself, and the determination of
rulers to govern him, are now face to face, and
must meet in the strife of notion, as they have met
in the strife of opinion. It requires a wiser or a i
rasher man than I am, to undertake to foretell when I
and how this great battle will be fought; but it is '
as sure to come, as is the Sun to rise again, which
is now descending to the horizon. What the free
governments of the world may find it proper to do,
when this great struggle truly begins, I leave to
those upon whom will devolve the duty and the
responsibility of decision. Even if I had the right,
I have no disposition, to lay down the course, which
the great interests of humanity may require the
then established governments of the people to adopt.
How far they will maintain by protest or remon-
strance, or how far they will miatnin by actual
force, the inviolability of the law of nations, or
what other intervention they may find it expedient
to adopt, can only be determined when the exi-
gency arises. For myself, I would leave our suc-
cessors unshackled by any declaration upon this
grave subject, and I consider it unwise to prejudge
either the circumstances, or die course which they
may then impose upon us.
An auditor listening td the progress of this dis-
cussion might naturally suppose, that our proceed-
ings would be followed by vials of wrath to be
poured out by Europe upon our unfortunate coun-«
*try, to which the plagues of Egypt were but a gentle
shower, compared to the tornado of the tropics.
These observations have relation to the resolution
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Fo ote ,] and I
have endeavored to show, that its adoption would
give no just cause of offence to any Government
whatever. But they apply with still more force
to the resolution submitted by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] which simply says to
the Hungarian Patriot, You are welcome to our
country. And is it p'ossible, that one member of
this body can be found, who sees anything offen-
sive in this expression of regard, or anticipates the
slightest danger from the procedure? If there is,
let him console himself. Would that we were as
secure against all other evils, as we should be
against the wrath of European sovereigns for this
act of hospitality; if we were, our Government
would endure, till all human governments shall
have fulfilled their functions and disappeared.
I prefer the original resolution of the Senator
from Mississippi, and regret that he found it neces-
sary to withdraw it. I trust, however, that it will
be renewed* My next choice is the one offered
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields*;] but if
neither of these can pass, I shall then vote for the
proposition of the Senatorfrom New York. That,
I have paid, is a mere welcome, tendered to our
guest; and really, sir, I cannot treat with becoming-
gravity, the fear that its adoption is to raise a storm
of indignation against our country, which is al-
most to blot us out from the record of nations.
Never could cause and effect be more dispropor-
tionate.
The honorable Senatorfrom Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
rien-,] piopoyes an amendment, which is to lescue
us from our perilous condition, by making a decla-
ration, which decrees that we declare nothing by
this otherwise pregnant resolution. It is a sort of
pronuncianiienio) if I may so say, which is to an-
nounce our true object, and to serve as the exclu-
sion of a conclusion, when th e Russian and Austrian
Cabinets come to consider this grave measure, so
directly affecting the rights and honor of their
sovereigns. It is a kind of abstract annuncia-
tion of our policy, appended to one of the most
harmless procedures, that ever took place in our
legislation.
Mr. President, I am utterly opposed to this
careful regard of the susceptibilities of European
arbitrary monarchs. Itbecomcs neither us, nor the
great people we in part represent. It is said, in-
deed, that we are in effect using threats towards the
crowned heads, who rule over Russia and Austria.
A most prolific engine of mischief is this same res-
olution. Our countrymen have too much regaid for
the chauieter and position ofour country to approve
of the use of menacing language by their seivants
to other Powers, or to suffer it to be used to them.
These are all chimeras, which I am sure a little re-
flection will dispel. Let us stand fast to nur dig-
nity , our character, and our principles. That is
no threat; and if it be taken as fuich by the Auto-
crat of Russia, or by anybody else, so be it. Let
him follow lus own course, and seek his own
remedy.
This proposed amendment is a sort of appeal to
the good-will of these monaichs, saying in sub-
stance, Take no offence, for we mean none. The
resolution does not pledge us to do you any injury,
and we mean to let Hungarian affairs take care of
themsehes. Well, sir, it appears to me, that all
this is uncalled-for, undignified, and unworthy of
the representatives of the sovereign States of this
Union. It shall never receive my assent.
The old well-known spectre of precedents has
been revived. I hope that the two honorable Sen-
ators, who have opposed our action on thisaccount,
will see in the precedent of General Washington
the true principles of this case. I would ask the
Senator from Georgia, if the time has not arrived,
when w-s may £>©fc p&eoed-onte for those, who are to
follow us, as they have been set by those who pre-
ceded us.
It has been well said, that the existing generation
stands upon the shoulders of its predecessors; its
visual horizon is enlarged from this elevation. We
have the experience of those, who have gone before
us, and our own, too. We are able to judge for
ourselves, without blindly following in their foot-
steps. There is nothing stationary in the world.
Moral and intellectual, as well as physical scien-
ces, are in a state of progress; or, rather, we are
marching onwards in the investigation of their
true principles. It is presumptuous at any time
to say, that now is the best possible condition of
human nature; let us sit still and be satisfied; there
is nothing more to learn. I believe in no such
doctrine. I believe we are always learning. We
have a right to examine for ourselves. In fact, it
is our duty to do so. Still, sir, I would not rashly
reject the experience of the world, any more than
I would blindly follow it. I have no such idea,
I have no wish to prostrate all the barriers raised
I by wisdom, and to let in upon us an inundation of
I many such opinions, as have been promulgated in
i the present age ; but far be it from me to adopt as^
! a principle of conduct, that nothing is to be done
except what has been done before, and precisely
as it was then done. So much for precedents.
Sir, a most extraordinary spectacle is this day
presented in the American Senate—extraordinary,
I mean, when compared with what took place not
i long since in one of those old regions, which were
the cradle and threaten to become the tomb of
civilization. The comparison of our course with
that of the Sultan of Turkey is far from being
flattering to our national vanity. I am apprehen-
sive, that the nations of the world will wonder at
our timidity. Here we are halting, hesitating,
doubting; afraid to express our approbation of a
great principle, even in the guise of a mere hospi-
table barren welcome. And was the conduct of
the Successor of the Prophet marked by such vacil-
lation, when he was insolently required to deliver
those relics of a revolution to their relentless, ene-
mies, that they might expire upon an Austrian scaf-
fold, or suffer worse than death from Siberiaand the
knout? Henoblyanswered, " No; they have eaten
my salt, and by the faith of the Prophet not a hair of
their heads shall be touchcd." And if he had been
driven—if the successor of the Othmans had been
driven to unfurl the standard of Mahomet, and to
defend his dominions and the sacred rights of man-
kind at the head of his armies, every true Ameri-
can would have bid him God speed, and would
have prayed for his success in upholding the doc-
trines of Christianity against the persecuting spirit
of sejf-styled Christian rulers. I think that his
rejection of the demands of those too great Powers,
one of which touches his open frontier for hun-
dreds of miles, while the other is always ready to
pour its myrmidons from the heights of the Bal-
kan and to drive lAtf from Constantinople across
the Bosphorus,—I say I think his course upon
this occasion was one of the most remarkable in-
stances of firmness,'that the world has lately seen.
1 give him credit for it, and still the more, when I
see with what cautious deliberation intelligent free-
men explore this subject, and how unwilling they
are to move when there is in truth " nothing to
make its afraid
There is another circumstance connected with
this matter, of a very different character, but scarce-
ly less extraordinary. Here is a subject presented
to Congress in the gravest form by the President,
in his annual message, a document everywhere
read through the civilized world. He asks our
special attention to it, and a resolution is intro-
duced, as an honorable Senator has publicly
stated—and no man ever doubted his word—at the
instance of the Secretary of State, to give effect to
the President's recommendation; and yet we see
gentlemen of the same political party opposing the
whole proceeding, with zeal amounting almost to
warmth, because it may give offence to other Pow-
ers. The high officers specially charged with our
foreign relations, and who ought best to under-
stand the bearing of this proposition upon them,
tell us by their*conduct, that the preposition is
right. No injury can result from it, nor will any
one have just cause of complaint. I repeat, that
the circumstance is a very extraordinary one, and
far beyond my comprehension. The Executive
says, hy the nature of his communication, there
I is no danger in all this$ while our eaiss areassailed
