*851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
09
with Jeremiads, almost proclaiming the downfall
of our institutions. There seems to be a curious
convex-sion going on. Upon this question, the
President is abandoned by liis own party and sup-
ported by ours. Well, sir, the President is right,
and for once I am an Administration man. I go
for the movement, heart, soul, and body. I have
no fear of the consequences, and if £ know my
countrymen, they would defend the sacred cause
of free opinion and action, if assailed, against all
the Powers of the earth.
Mr, BERRIEN. Mr. President, the question
which is before the Senate is upon the first branch
of the amendment which I had the honor to sub-
mit. While that is the question, it is the only
proper subject of discussion. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] has traversed the whole
ground of the original resolution. 1 am not dis-
posed to follow him in that discursive course, but
he has addressed certain of his observations espe-
cially to myself; and upon these I desire to make
a few brief remarks.
The Senator from Michigan inquires emphati-
cally from me, whether we at this day have not a
right to make a precedent. I am disposed to an-
swer the question with a frank simplicity, and
with a distinct affirmation of the proposition itself.
Unquestionably we have a right, in the adminis-
tration of the affairs of this Government, to do
any act which in our judgment the circumstances
which surround us may require; and if those cir-
cumstances have not previously existed, by the
performance of the act which establishes a prece-
dent. But how, I beg to ask the Senator from
Michigan, did this doctrine of precedents come
into this discussion ? Was it introduced by the
opponents of the resolution? Was it introduced
by the advocates of the amendment? No, sir.
The original movers of this resolution sought to
rest upon the foundation of precedent, and what
we have said upon the subject of precedent has
been merely to show that the foundation upon
which they propose to erect the superstructure was
an unavailing attempt. If the circumstances of
the case justify the act which you are about to
perform, no man denies the right to make a prece-
dent. Wehave not objected to a precedent, if the
circumstances justify it: but when you have sought
to arrest this proposition upon the basis of prece-
dent, we have said to you that the circumstances
do not justify it; that you are counteracting an
established policy of your country. The amend-
ment which I have ottered was presented with a
view of enabling Senators to place themselves dis-
tinctly before the country in affirmation or denial
of the established policy of this Government.
The honorable gentleman talks of timidity—of
an apprehension of exciting the indignation of the
Powers which are to be prevented from interfering
in the particular affairs of Hungary. He speaks of
the fear which gentlemen seem to entertain; the
alarm which he seems to thftik animates them at
the prospect of war. I beg to say to that honor-
able gentleman, that I have not been influenced by
any consideration of timidity; that the question,
whether this shall excite the indignation of foreign
powers, does not in the slightest degree actuate me;
and that the apprehension of war itself, whenever
my country shall be placed in a situation in which
her interests and her honor may require that she
should take that last resort, I will meet it with as
little apprehension of its consequences as the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, or any individual
who may avow indifference to such a result. No,
sir; the motive by which I have been actuated is
not timidity—not a consideration of the influence
which this may have upon the minds of those
whom it is proposed we shall restrain; not a fear
of the consequences of any just and rightful war
in which we may be involved; but a regard to the
essential interests of my own country, and a solemn
conviction that you do not present those circum-
stances which authorize you to put at hazard the
vital intersts of the country. That is the ground
upon which I have presented this proposition;
that is the ground upon which I have resisted the
passage of this resolution.
ButJ, sir, the question which is immediately be-
fore the Senate is upon the first branch of the
amendment which I have submitted; and it is upon
that question that I desire to have an expression
of the senatorial will. Will you make this an in-
sulated compliment to Governor Kossuth. Will
you consider him as the sole, individual who is
entitled to your cordial welcome, or will you in-
clude with him those Hungarian patriots in sub-
ordinate situations, who have struggled with a de-
votion to freedom as ardent as his own in this great
cause? Or are you disposed, by voting against this
branch of the amendment, to exclude those Hunga-
rian patriots, who, like Governor Kossuth, periled
life, fortune, all, in the maintenance of the principles
for which they contended ? Why will you make this
dictinction? I shall not at this moment turn you
to the words of the original invitation, but I ask
you—considering it as a perfectly new case;—as a
question unaffected by any preceding action—sup-
pose this question now presented to you : Here
are upon our shores a body of Hungarian patriots
with their leader. They have all struggled in this
glorious cause. Shall we direct our sympathies
to the leader? Shall we, freemen, recognizing
the principle of equality—adhering with devo-
tion to freedom, whether it burn in the bosom of
a President, a Governor, or an humble citizen—
shall we say to these people you—the mass—are
beyond the reach of our sympathy? We have
invited you heie, to be sure; and, according to the
suggestion of the Senator from Michigan, we shall
give you a hundred and sixty acres of land; but
you are not the objects of our cordial sympathy;
you are not the persons to whom we will extend
the cordial welcome which this resolution proposes.
Theonly individual among you is Louis Kossuth—
to whom the open hand of welcome shall be ex-
tended, but not to you. If this were a question
of first impression—if we had not committed our-
selves by our previous action, I ask Senators
whether they would be willing to make this dis-
crimination between the private and the officer—
open your heart to the leader, but turn the back
of your hand to his associates by whom he was
sustained, and without whose exertions and ex-
posures to peril, from which he, perhaps, might
have been safe, his efforts would have been utterly
unavailing? Is this a principle of your action?
Would this be a rule of the Senator from Michi-
gan, if it were a question of first impressions—if
we were not already committed by our previous
action?
When we turn to the act of the Congress of the
United States in relation to these Hungarian
patriots, the idea which I was desirous of present-
ing to the Senate receives a thousandfold addi-
tional force. The honorable Senator from Michi-
gan will not engage in any philological analysis of
the original resolution. He will not engage in
critical commentary upon its words. Who has
asked it ? Who has called upon the Senator to go
into an analysis, or commentary, upon the words
of the original resolution? The plani, the obvious
interpretation of these words, points out to us
what we have done before, and is an index to us
of what we ought to do now, so far as it is proper
for us to act at all. I would call the attention of
the honorable Senator to that resolution. He will
not agree to any analysis or commentary upon it;
and why? To substitute his estimation of what
has been done, for the record of what has been
done. He says we have invited Governor Kossuth
here, under circumstances which he has glowingly
depicted, asF the great leader of a noble struggle
for freedom.' He says we have invited him here
in that capacity. I deny the fact; and I appeal to
j the record—to no philological analysis—to no criti-
j cal commentary upon it, but to the plain recorded
| language of the American Congress:
A Resolution for the relief of Louis Kossuth and his Asso-
ciates, exiles from Hungary.
Whereas the people of the United State? sincercly sym-
pathize with the Ilumranan exiles, Kossuth and his asso-
ciates, and fully appreciate the magnanimous conduct of
the Tmltish Government in receiving and treating these
' noble exiles with kindness and hospitality ; and if it be the
! wish of these exiles to emigrate to the United States, and
the will of the Sultan to permit them to leave his dominions:
Therefore,
| Beiiresolvedbythe Sen ale and House of Representatives
i of the United States of .hnerica in Congress assembled,
I That the President of the United States be and lie hereby
| is requested to authorize the employment of some one of the.
I public vessels which may now be cruising in the Meditei-
[ ranean to receive and convev to the United States the said
j Louis Kossuth and his associates 111 captivity.
j I said that if this was a case of first impression,
| our sympathy was equally due to the associates
I of Mr. Kossuth as to himself. I say we are not
at all at liberty "to moot the question; that we hare
I committed ourselves by the expression of our
| sympathies for his associates as well as for him-
I self; that we have invited them to our country if
they desired to emigrate; and that we have im-
posed upon ourselves, therefore, an obligation to
fulfill any reasonable expectation which that invi-
tation was calculated to excite.
The honorable Senator says that it is quite cus-
tomary for Governments to contribute to tlie sup-
port of exiles, whether monarchs or of lower
rank. I doubt not the power of this Government
—I have no doubt that we would violate no prin-
ciple of the law of nations in extending to tljese
Hungarian patriots such assistance as would be
necessary to make the asylum which we have
offered to them a comfortable one. I have ho
such doubt. But the question which I here pre-
sent to you is, Will you confine your sympathy—
will you confine your benevolence—will you con-
fine the manifestations of your devotion to the causa
of civil liberty throughout tlie world, to the person
of Louis Kossuth alone, and turn the back of your
hand upon those whom you have invited with
him, and whom you authorized to expect would
have a comfortable asylum accorded to them ?
That is the question. It is upon this branch of
the amendment that Senators are now to record
their votes, and that the country will find whether
they mean to make this distinction in favor of the
leader, and against his followers who assisted him
to achieve that fame which is the"subject of ad-
miration.
Mr. CASS. I desire merely to answer the
question put to me so emphatically by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, whether I am in favor
of making these distinctions, or not? I reply,
that I am decidedly in favor of making these dis-
tinctions. Mr. President, you know, and every
Senator knows, that it is an old way to defeat a
measure by tacking tail after tail to it. I do not
mean to say that the honorable Senator from
Georgia has "any such object in view, but I believe
he would vote for the resolution if amended to suit
him. I reminded the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] the other day, of an
amendment which he proposed to a resolution of
mine two years ago. I then proposed to suspend
diplomatic intercourse with Austria. He pro-
posed to tack on Russia. And if that hod carried,
1 suppose some one else would have moved to
attach China, and so on; and we might have trav-
eled round the whole circumference of the globe
before we got a vote upon the original resolution.
Every one, therefore, understands it.
Here is a plain and distinct proposition. I con-
fess, for one, I was in favor of the original resolu-
tion. I want to do honor to the great principle of
human ficcdom in the person of Kossuth. Cir-
cumstances have given him a high and lofty posi-
tion before the world; the eyes of civilization are
upon him, and I desire emphatically to declare the
opinion of the American people with reference to
the principles he advocates. That is the reason I
do not wish to mingle anything else with this
resolution. I tell the Senator from Georgia, that I
am perfectly willing to welcome the Italian exiles,
the Irish exiles, or any other exiles who have come
here from the oppressions of despotism; and if ha
will introduce resolutions for these purposes, I will
vote for every one of them. But I will not tack
them on to this proposition, so as to injure or de-
feat it. I will vote for every resolution he can
bring forward welcoming a political exiie-from a
land of oppression to a land of freedom. AH I
object to is the place. I do not want to have this
resolution defeated or lessened in its value by the
addition of anything else. Although I honor
Kossuth much, I honor liberty more. It is be-
cause the eyes of the world have been upon him,
and Providence seems to have placed him as the
o-1-eat leader, at the head of his countrymen; and
Therefore, iti some measure, he has become the
incarnation of a principle, and 1 am willing to do
honor to the man, and honor to the principle with
which he is connected.
Mr. BERRIEN. The honorable Senator from
Michigan does not impute to me the intention.
Mr. CASS. I said that I believed the Senator
would vote for the proposition; but I spoke of the
general effect of tacking these things to resolutions
that were introduced. I know the honorafile Sen-
ator—and I stated that I knew he would vote for
his proposition. But we have seen instances in
this Seriate where men have brought forward prop-
ositions which tiiey did not mean to vote for.
Therefore I am always cautious.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am perfectly satisfied that
