1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
lution offered by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
I move that the
Jackson.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio.
Rouse do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. CLENGMAN. I ask if the first resolution
is not divisible ? I think the first clause, down to
the word " included," will make a separate and
distinct proposition from the latter clause.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
that the resolution, as he understands it to be
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, is not sus-
ceptible of division.
Mr. STANLY. From that decision, I take an
is right. I withdraw my
appeal
Mr. STUART,
the table.
Mr. STANLY.
I move to lay the appeal upon
I think the gentleman will
have to wait till he can get the floor first. I ask
the Chair, whether I am not entitled to the floor,
and whether I have not a right to say anything
upon the appeal r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot de-
bate his appeal, but lie has the right to state his
proposition. The gentleman will be good enough
to state his distinct proposition.
Mr. STANLY. My distinct proposition is,
that down to the word "included" is a proposi-
tion upon which a separate vote maybe taken;
and the remainder of the resolution is another
proposition upon which a separate vote may also be
taken. I will read it. The first clause is as fol-
lows;
" Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of
the compromises of the Constitution, and believe Jt to be
the intention of the people generally, as we heieby declare
it to be ours individually, to abide such compromises, and
to sustain the laws necessary to carry them out—the pro-
vision foi the delivery of fugitive slaves and the act of the
last Congress for tnat piirpo&e included."
The SPEAKER. That is a proposition which
would stand by itself, the Chair will admit.
Mr. STANLY. Then, with due deference to
the Chair, I submit that the resolution is divisible.
The latter clause reads thus:
l< And that we deprecate all further agitation of questions
growing out of thdt provision" 
The SPEAKER.. What provision ? That refers
to the lirst clause of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I call the Chair to orderfor
interuipting me while I was reading a proposition.
[Laugh... -j
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a right to be
heard to the exclusion of all others, under an ex-
press rule of the House.
Mr. STANLY. The Chair is right. He has
a light to be heard to the exclusion, but not to
interrupt me while I was reading my proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was endeavoring
to facilitate the gentleman's object by stating his
proposition clearly.
Mr. STANLY". The Speaker's mind is made
up, I suppose, but I take an appeal from his decis-
ion nevertheless.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to ask this sim-
ple question. Would one of these clauses be in-
telligible without the other, or grammatical ?
Several Members. Certainly not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
Chair begs leave to call the attention of the House
to the language of the resolution, in order to show
the grounds for his decision. The first clause of
the resolution reads:
4< Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of
the compiomisos of the Constitution, and hHieve it to be
the intention of the people generally, as we herebv declare
it to b > oihs individually, to abide such compromises, and
to sustain the laws necessary to carry them uut—the pro-
\iSioii lor the dehveiy of fusitive slaves and the act of the
last Congress lor that purpose included.M
The Chair admits that proposition would stand
ajone
Mr. FITCH. I be^ leave to state, that I think
that proposition would not stand alone: because it
rrfers to'the substantive proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman upon that point. The next proposition
would then read:
" Resolved. And that we deprecate ail further agitation oi
(jnestiuns growingout of that provision."
This* refers to the first part of the resolution,
Mr. STANLY. J withdraw my appeal, because
1 see that the resolution was so framed that it can-
not he divided, as stated by the gentleman from
Indiana. The Chair
appeal.
Mr. CONGER. I submit whether the first 'j
resolution is not divisible in this respect? j!
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de- j!
cided that it is not divisible. ;!
Mr. CONGER. I submit that the first part of
the resolution refers to the compromise measures ■
and the Constitution, while the latter makes refer- jj
ence to the fugitive slave law. I submit that these j
are two distinct propositions. ii
[Cries of " Order!"] j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right :
to state his proposition.
_ Mr. AVERETT. Has not the previous ques-
tion been ordered ? ;
The SPEAKER. It has. !
Mr. AVERETT. Then I submit that the gen- i
tleman is not in order.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman has a right
to ask a division of the question, and to state his
proposition. It will then be for the House to de-
cide whether it is divisible or not.
Mr. CONGER. I will again state my propo-
sition. The first part of this resolution provides
for maintaining the compromises of the Constitu-
tion. The second provides for carrying out the
fugitive slave law, as one of those measures. Now,
I can readily conceive that gentlemen may unite
in support of these propositions, without being
united m support of the other. If the resolution
is read so as to stop where it refers to the fugitive
slave law 
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is not divisible.
[Cries of " Question!" " Gluestion!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Did I under-
stand the Chair to decide that a vote could not be
taken upon supporting the fugitive-slave law as a
separate proposition ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman asks for a
division, he will state his proposition, and the
Chair will decide upon it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will state, that, as I un-
derstand it, the resolution issusceptible of division.
We can have a separate vote upon maintaining
the compromises of the Constitution in general
terms, and we can have a separate vote upon main-
taining the fugitive slave law; and I want that
separation made.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will desig-
nate the particular point at which the resolution
can be divided, the Chair will then decide in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would inquire of the
Chair, whether it is not as well necessary that the
two clauses should have a separate and independ-
ent grammatical construction, as well as that they
should be distinct substantive propositions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will respond to
the gentleman's inquiry, when he understands
what is the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the rule to (
be, that a question is divisible whenever you can j
take away a part, and leave that remaining, in j
substance, an intelligible proposition. You are j
not to stop to inquire whether it is according to |
grammar. j
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman specify i
the point at which he asks the resolution to be J
divided? j1
Mr. MARSHALL. I think it might be divided p
after the words 4< carrv them out." !,
The SPEAKER. Then what would remain?.'!
If the first part of the resolution were stricken out,
the remainder would then read: !,
"Resolved, The provision for the delivery of fugitive ,
slaves and the act of the last Coiigtesd for that purpo>e ;
included, and that we deprecate all further agitation of [■
question* trrowmg out of that provision,'" &c.
The Chair dec,ides that it is not divisible at all.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest to the ,
Chair that if he may putin the word " resolution," |
he may also supply such words as will make it
read intelligibly. !
Several Members. "No!" "No!" i
Mr. HUBBARD. I call thegentlemnn to order. ,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from.
Kentucky appeal from the decision of the Chair? ,
Mr. MARSHALL. I do.
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question was taken and the appeal was laid
upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I move to lay
the whole subject upon the table—that ie, the. ori-
ginal resolution, with the amendment.
Mr. HALL. I demand .the yeas.and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLOYD. I move tjiat the House do now
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the House do" now
adjourn, when will this question come up? ;
The SPEAKER. When the House again
meets.
Mr. GORMAN. I will inquire if 
Mr. ORR. Is not the roll being called?
The SPEAKER. The calling of the roll has
not yet commenced.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to know if the Chair
decided the proposition of the gentleman over the
way, [Mr. Stanly?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
that question, but will do so when the question
comes up.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to inquire if it is the
intention of the gentlemen on the other side to
worry us out?
Mr. BAYLY. We will worry them, if they
try it.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and there were—yeas 57, nays 115; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, A«he, Babcock, Barrere, Bart-
lett, Brenton, Briggs, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clingman, Conger, Culiom, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dean,
Doty, Eastman, Edgerton, Ewjng, Floyd, Fowler, Good-
rich, Grow, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins, John Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, Preston King, ICuhns, Mann, Martin, McQueen,
Mearham, Miner, Molony, Newton, Penniraan, Perkins,
Rantoul, Sackett,'Schoolcraft, Smart, Snow, Benjamin
Stanton, Walbridge, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, Wood-
ward, and Yates—57.
NAYS—Me^rs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
1 Averett, David J. Bailev, Thomas H. Bayly, Bealp, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown,
1 George H. Biown, Busby s E. Carrnigton Cabell, Caskie,
Clark. Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Doekery,
: Durkee, Edmuud^on, Faulknei, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence,
, Freeman, UenrvM. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
ji Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hamil-
j' ton, Haiper, Hart, lfaws, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard,
; Hillyer, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Howard, JohnW.
■ Howe, Thomas M< Howe, Ingersoll, Jackson, Andrew
!' Johnson, James Johnson.Robert W. Johnson, George W.
! Jones, Kurtz, Landry. Letcher, Lockhart, Edward C. Mar-
i shall, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McLana-
I han, Meade, Miller,Million, John Moore, Morehead, Mur-
| ray, Nabers, Old*, Outlaw, Samuel W.Parker, Peaslee,
| j Penn, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Price, Riddle, Bobbins, Robin-
i son, Rosts, Savage, Schermerhorn, Scudder, Scurry, David
1 L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
. Stone, St. Martin, Stratum, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland,
i Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thompson,
| Tuck, Walsh, Ward, Watkms, Addison White, Alexander
- White, Wilcox, and Williams—115.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
: the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw that motion to
lay the resolution upon the table.
"Mr. EDGERTON. I renew the motion to lay
! the resolution on the table, and demand the yeas
j and nays.
, Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to make the simple inquiry, whether ifone
resolution be laid upon the table, there being two
in one series, both be not laid upon the table?
Mr. EDGERTON. I moved to lay both upon
the table.
Mr. HIBBARD. That makes it plain.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let's adjourn; the ques-
tion will come up in the morning.
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to know what will be
the effect of adjourning now? Will this question
come up to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The first effect will be to
bring the House together at twelve o'clock to-mor-
row. [Laughter.]
Mr. GENTRY. Will this question come up
to-morrow? - .
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of tne Chair,
it will be the first business in order to-morrow.
