1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
confirmed to him, and report a bill accordingly and recom-
mend its passage.''*
Here is the bill which was passed by the Sen-
ate sometime a go:
"Be it. enacted Ity the Senate andHome of Representa-
tives oj the United States of America inCongress assembled
That Kiehard King be, and he is hereby, confirmed in his
ntle to two hundred and forty arpentsoflandon the eastern
bank of the Ouachita river, in the parish of Caldwell, State
of Louisiana, which was conveyed by the claimant of ihe
Maison Rogue grant to Bagwell Baily in eighteen hundred
and eighteen, for cutting a road through said grant, and lias
remained in the possession of, and in cultivation by, said
Baily and his successors to the present time, and is now a
part of ihe plantation of said King, on which lieiias resided
for many years; and that a patent issue to him for-it after
a legal survey is made and returned underthe direction of
tile surveyor general: Provided, That this act shall amount
only to a relinquishment of title oh the part of the United
States."
I think it is necessary to make this explanation,
because, although a copy of the memorial was sent
to me sometime since, and lmade an explanation
to the parties concerned; yet, not remembering
the facts, or from inadvertence, the same memorial
has since been presented by my colleague.
Subsequently to the report of the committee
ajruinst part of the memorial of Mr. King, another
memorial was presented by rny colleaguefrom Mr.
Hynes, and King, and other persons, praying a
similar grant as that for which the firgi petition of
Mr. King prayed, and was reported against; also,
that they might be allowed to enter by way of
preemption, lands which they had neither inhab-
ited nor cultivated, as the law in such cases pro-
vides. That subject was under the consideration
of the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
that committee had come to the conclusion to re-
port against it, and would have reported against
it before now, but for the fact that my colleague
requested that the petition should be further con-
sidered .
I wish here to state my position distinctly. It
is this: I shall do everything I can, as I have done
0,1 all occasions heretofore, to protect the settler
in his rights. But I am opposed in this case, as I
have been in every other, to the granting of pre-
emption ugh la to large purchasers, where the
same reasons do not exist. The applicant, Rich-
ard King, is an old acquaintance and friend of
mine; and he is incensed against me because I
reported against a portion of his memorial. It is
very hard,, when this is the case, that I should
also he censured on the other side; and hence I
have thought it necessary to make this explana-
tion to show the circumstances as they actually
exist. I do not think there is any equity or jus-
tice in granting preemption rights to those persons
who purchase large tracts of land, and who do not
occupy and cultivate them, particularly when they
come in conflict with bona fide settlers who might
be disturbed by them. There is the less reason,
as this memorial very properly represents, that
Mr. King should ask the privilege of entering
lands, and of obtaining preemption rights to lands
which he has not occupied or cultivated, because,
under the bill already passed in 1851, he is entitled
to enter, by way of preemption, certain lands pur-
chased of Coxe ill the grant, which he did culti-
vate and occupy. Hence, it seems unreasonable
that he should "ask the right to enter in this man-
ner lands situated in another place, which others
claim, and which he has not occupied or cultivated.
Under the direction of the Committee on Private
Land Claims, I move that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
memorial of James H. Rhinehart and others.
The motion was agreed to.
catlin's collection.
ilr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up t:ie joint resolution for the purchase of George
Catlin's collection of Indian Scenes and Portraits.
Mr. CLEMENS, i hope the resolution will
not now be taken up. The'chairnian of the Com-
mittee oil the Library, [Mr. Plarce,] who has
paid some attention to the subject, is not now in
his seat; and / am sure that he would desire to be
present when that resolution shall be under con-
sideration. I hope, therefore, the Senate will not
Uke it up in his ahsence.
Mr. SEW A RD. If the Senator from Alabama
knows that ihe Senator from Maryland desires to
he present, J will, of course, waive the motion at
this time; b'.'- ihat honorable Senator placed in my
hands lupera which he had, and expressed to me
an earnest desire that the resolution should be
taken up at as early a period as possible.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have no objection to tak-
ing up the resolution now, if the Senator from
Maryland expressed a desire that it should be
taken up. I knew that he had paid attention to the
subject, and I thought it proper that he should be
present.
Mr. SEWARD. I have consulted with him on
the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the President of the United
States to purchase the collection of Indian Scenes
and Portraits, by George Catlin, for the use of
the United States, on such terms, not exceeding
$30,000, as he shall think proper; and to cause
them to be deposited in such of the public edifices
of tlie Government, in the city of Washington,
as he shall think proper. It also authorizes the
President to appoint for the purpose an agent to
act under his instructions, who shall receive a
compensation not exceeding his traveling expenses
and eight dollars a day for sixty days.
Mr. SEWAKD. Mr. President, the Select
Committee to which the subject was referred, sub-
mitted a report, which has been printed. That re-
port states all the facts and circumstances of the
case, and as it is not long, perhaps it will be as
convenient, for a proper understanding of the
merits of the subject, to have that report read.
The report was accordingly read.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this report
presents to the consideration of the Senate the
facts of the case. In the first place, this collection
cost the aitist the sum of $10,1)00 in money, and
many years of the best part of his life. The pa-
pers referred to in the report show the testimony
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dodge,] and the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] and various others present, that
the paintings are valuable and true. -The princi-
ple upon which the purchase is to be made, is
explained in the report. The importance of se-
curing, while we can, memorials of the aboriginal
races of this country, is a point which has been
settled heretofore by the action of the Govern-
ment. The walls of the Capitol are graced with
Indian scenes, and characters in sculpture and on
canvas. Besides this, the Senate, a long time
■since, before I became a member of it, ordered a
work to be prepared on that interesting subject by
the first of our writers in that department—Henry
R. Schoolcraft—a work which is going through
the press at a vast expense, and is exceedingly
creditable to the arts, as well as to the literature
of the country.
I have nothing, therefore, to add on the subject
of the merits of the case, but barely to submit
some few facts which are proper to be stated for
the purpose of engaging the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject at this time, and a final disposi-
tion of it now.
This question was brought before us by letters
from Mr. Catlm, m London, in jail, in which he
informed us that he had been arrested for debt,
and that this collection had been advertised to be
sold in satisfaction of his debts. If, then, this
question is ever to be decided at all, (and it has
been before Congress many years,) a state of cir-
cumstances,has arisen which renders it essential,
and due to him, and due to the country, that it (
should be disposed of now. Before the resolu- j
tion was submitted, these facts were made known
to the Senate. I have here a letter which has :
been addressed by Mr. Catlin to the honorable [
the Committee on the Library, of which th4 Sen- j
ator from Maryland is chairman, which I will
beg leave to read to the Senate, showing the sit-
uation of Mr. Catlin and of his collection:
To the Hon. Mr. Pearce, Chairman of the Committee on
the Library, United States Senate, and gentlemen of the
Library Committee:
Some weeks since I addressed a letter to your honorable
body oil the subject of my Indian collection, having been
informed that my memorial to the Congress had been re-
ferred to your consideration. I now take the liberty of ad-
dressing you again, and of inclosing to you the auction-
eer's advertisement, which will show you the reason I have
had for alarm for the safety of my collection, and the caui>e
of this, my second prayer, that some step may be taken,
if it has not yet been done, by your honorable body for the
rescue of the woiks of my life, which you discover I have
not the power myself of doing. By the inclosed circular,
it will be &een that the collection was to have been sold on
the 22d of this month, but by ahard struggle, aided by some
American friends, the sale has been postponed until the ,
19th of July, on the grounds that there was a prospect of i
the Congress voting the appropriation to enable me to pay
my debts, and to return the collection as the property of the
Government of the United States.
The auctioneer's comments upon the interest and value
of the collection are worth reading, and clearly show that
there is a strong desire to obtain and preserve the collection
in England, if they can get it at a sacrifice; and enough, I
should think, to excite some American feeling in the
breasts of those who read it.
I am ashamed that my speculations have not been better
managed than these results prove, and that I should be
under the necessity of asking for help to preserve my worjis;
but my desire to see these memorials preserved ana treas-
ured up by our country is above all delicate and selfish feel-
ings, and I again pray, gentlemen, if it be not too iate, that
you may lose no time in recommending to the Government,
not to appropriate money for myrelie/3 but to purchase the
works of my toilsome life, which I have gathered for my
country, and which I offer as justly worth the price! ask
for them. - • ,
The Joint Committee on the Library in 1846 decided that
rny price was moderate for them, and recommeded its pur-
chase ; since which time, cncouraged m the belief that the
Government would eventually buy iheru, I have added to
the collection, at an expense of several thousand dollars,
and continued the labors of my brush; and in my last pro-
posals have agreed to take $15,000 less than 1 then required.
Confident, gentlemen, ot your disposition to aid in se-
curing these memorials to our country. I remain your obe-
dient servant, GEO. CATLIN.
Paris, June 24th, 1852.
Mr. Catlin has also sent the advertisement of
the auctioneer who is to sell the collection. I
read:
Catlin's Indian collection contains within itself an
unique museum, fully representing the manners, customs,
sports, religious ceremonies, costumes, and individuality
of the interestingtribes of North American Indians, con-
sisting of a valuable and curious display of male and female
costumes, hows,quivers, spears, shields, war, eagle,and ra-
ven head-dresses, necklaces, moccasins,belts, pouches, war
clubs, robes, mantles, tobacco sacques, wampums, whistles,
rattles, drum's, saddles, masks for mystery dances, cradles,
calumets, spears, pipes, tomahawks, scalping~knive&,
bcalps:, and sculls; two hundred and sixteen portraits of
braves, mystery men, chiefs, tquaws, &e.; wxty-five land-
scaped, principally on the Upper Missouri river ; nine spir-
ited sporting scenes, sixty-three faithful delineations of
amusements and customs; four valuable and highly-fin-
ished paintings, representing the singular religious ceremo-
nies of the Mandan tnhc ; eighteen full-length figures,
dressed in the costumes of their various tribes, many of
them rare, curious, and valuable ; a splendid Crow lodge,
or wigwam, brought from the foot of the ltocky Mountains,
made entirely of buffalo skins, garnished and painted,
twenty-live feet high, capable of sheltering eighty or more
persons ; two beautiful models of the Falls "of Niagara, rep-
resenting them as m summer and winter; a large and
bplendid collection of North American quartz, a curious
collection of pipes with carved red-stone bowls, besides an
infinity of objects of deep and abiding interest too numerous
for insertion within the hunts of this particular."
By this letter of Mr. <3atUn, it appears' that he
had m some way obtained his liberty, and that he
way in Paris at the time it was written. I have
not, in drawing up the resolution, adopted Mr.
Catlin's calculation as to the price for this collec-
tion. Perhaps I might have done so had this let-
ter been placed in my hands before the resolution
was drawn. The sum at which the original offer
of the collection was made was $65,000. I have
supposed that, under the circumstances, it would
be acceptable to him if the sum of $30,000 was
provided for this purchase. At the same time, as
no one could know the precise value of the col-
lection now, 1 thought it better to provide that an
agent should be sent out who could procure it fit
such price as would redeem the work, and there-
fore ine resolution proposes to appropriate only
$30,000, which is not one half of the original price,
if it can be procured for that sum, and if that wil!
be satisfactory to him, then we can secure it; other-
wise we shall only have made an effort to secure
it which will have cost the country nothing of
which any citizen can complain who thinks that
such works* of art ought to be procured at all,
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr, President, 1 am aware
that it is somewhat unfashionable to resist ex-
travagant appropriations of the public money, but
this is too barefaced a case to be permitted to pass
without a word of opposition. This resolution is
a model in its way. There is but one man in
America who could have drawn it. it is: (i Re-
' solved, fee., that the President of the United
* States be, and he is hereby authorized, to pur-
' chase the collection of Indian scenes and portraits
* of George Catlin," &c.; and then it provides,
that " he may appoint for the purpose ar  agent."
This resolution doe3 not tell us where the pictures
are. TheyareinLondon. Theagentistobepaid his
traveling expenses and eight dollars a day for sixty
days. The resolution is entirely silent as to where
these paintings are, and for anything that appears
on the face of it they may be in New York. The
committee have reported thie resolution, knowing
