70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
the Senate, as well as the Senator from Michigan,
■will render it entirely unnecessary for me to dis-
claim any intention to do what he says is fre-
quently done. Bat is this a tacking to an original
aosition of an amendment which is calculated
feat it? Did not the mover of this resolution
begin by detaching from the original resolution ot
the Senate the associates of Governor Kossuth?
That resolution embraced Governor Kossuth and
his associates. In the spirit of that resolution
they have been brought to our shores. Why do
you not embrace them all in this welcome? So
far have I been from attaching any extraneous
subject to that which was the original spirit of the
movement, that it is the mover of this resolution
who has detached Governor I£ossuth from his as-
sociates who were united with him in the original
resolution. The original resolution embraced them
both, and I desired merely to restore the ancient
status—to carry out the origiual proposition of the
Congress, and to correct the detachment of these
Hungarian patriots from their leader.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not rise to
make a speech. My views of this resolution are
well known. I shall vote for it in almost any
shape in which it can be presented. My object is
simply to direst tlie subject, if possible, with'some
suggestions of my own, from some extraneous
considerations which have been thrown around it.
Senators are looking to tlie consequences to result
from the action of foreign nations, growing out of
this. Gentlemen have been so fond of reading the
foreign history of the world, that they have neg-
lected domestic history. If gentleman had read
carefully the history of this country, they would
have seen that there is a precedent for every step
that may, by any contingency, arise. Suppose
we pass this resolution, and suppose some offence
is taken at it: what have we to do? Simply in-
troduce a joint resolution, and reannex Hmnrary
to this country. [Laughter.] Beannexation is
the remedy which is to be applied. Suppose Aus-
tria squirm at that: then all that is to be done is,
for us to declare that war exists by the act of
Austria. [Laughter.] Then we can, according
to precedent, take two thirds of Austria. I wish
to coimnend this view of the subject to gentlemen
■whose minds are oppressed by fear of the conse-
quences that will grow out of the action of foreign
nations. I appeal to the conservative portion of the
Senate—without any offence—that here is a pre-
cedent clear and well established: a precedent which
has led to glorious results heretofore; and we
shall not only, in this way, welcome one hero to
our shores, but we shall raise up another brood of
our own. [Laughter.] I am sorry to see Sena-
tors treat so serious a matter so lightly. It seems
to me to be unbecoming tlie subject.
I hope that this resolution will pass. A word
more in regard to the admonition which has been
go kindly, and, I have no doubt, so considerately
bestowed by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan. I have refrained from offeiing any amend-
ment to this resolution. I had another victim of
oppression in my mind's eye, and I have a good
many of all colors. I had a white victim in my
heart, and wanted to have a little sympathy for
him. But, instead of being subject to censure, by
offering an amendment for that purpose, I' have
reserved it for an original resolution. And I pro-
pose to have the sympathies of the Senate ex-
pressed, at some future day, in favor of Abd el
Kader; and, therefore, I have refrained, and will
refrain, from offering any amendment.
A Senator. Is he white?
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt that he is as
white as some men that pass for white men. In
accordance with what I have said, I shall vote
against all of these amendments, because, when I
want to extend the right hand of friendship to
Kossuth, I want him to understand that it is a
good, honest grip. I don't want to say, when I
■meet a friend from the Southern States—I shake
hands with you, but I want you to understand
that I do not agree to all your notions, and I do
not want to favor your peculiar institutions—but
I want to give him an honest shake, if he will
take it; and if he takes one from me, I do not ex-
pect him to indorse all my fanaticism by the act.
[LaughterJ
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I simply rise to
Bay, that if gentlemen desire to vote on such a
resolution as that described by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, they will probably have an
opportunity. Sir, I understand that such a reso-
lution will probably be offered by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] after
awhile, as a separate proposition. I hope there
will be no difficulty then. I am glad to see gen-
tlemen's sympathy enlarging so rapidly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I shall not
long detain the Senate.
I regret that this resolution has been introduced,
not because I do not cordially unite with all my
sympathies, in the proposed measures for the re-
ception of Governor Kossuth, but for the reason
that it could not pass this body unanimously. A
resolution to give such a reception as has been
proposed should pass with entire unanimity; for
its discussion and a divided vote deprive it of its
chief merit. I wovdd not have brought forward
the resolution for the simple reason, that I have
yet to learn that the man lives, or ever did live,
that could make a proposition in this body that
would not give rise to discussion. It has been ob-
jected to this resolution, sir, that its passage would
give offence to the principal Powers of Europe. 1
have heard this objection raised in relation to so
many matters of legislation that 1 have become
heartily tired of it. I do not deem it material
whethei the reception of Governor Kossuth will
give offence to the crowned heads of Europe, pro-
vided it does not violate the laws of nations, and
give just cause of offence. The question with me
is, not whether it will be agreeable to the des-
potic Powers of Europe; for I well know that
they will not be pleased with any actio® of this
Republic which gives encouragement to Euro-
pean movements favorable to liberal institutions ;
the question, therefore, is not whether they
will be pleased or displeased, but whether the
adoption of such a resolution gives just cause of
offence, according to the laws of nations. Sir, I
know of no principle of the law of nations that
deprives a Republic of the right of expressing its
cordial sympathy in all movements tending to the
establishment of fiee principles throughout the
world. I hold that it is our duty to demonstrate
our heartfelt sympathy and profound admiration,
by every act which is appropriate to the occasion
and to the subject-matter. It is due to our own
character, in vindication of the history of our rev-
olutionary struggles, which resulted in the estab-
lishment of republican institutions upon this con-
tinent.
But while it is our duty to do this much, I
would take no step which would violate any prin-
ciple of the law of nations, or give just cause of
offence to any Power on earth. Nor do I think
that a cordial welcome to Governor Kossuth, ac-
companied by the expression of our devotion to
the cause with which his life is identified, and our
sincere desire for his entire success, can be properly
construed into such cause of offence. The dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan has well re-
marked that it has been the usual practice of all
enlightened nations in Europe to give a weleome
and an asylum to all exiles who have been unsuc-
cessful in their struggle for liberty in their native
land, lie has referred to the example of Eng-
land, and might also have cited that of France
during the period that he represented this nation
with so much honor and dignity at the Court of
Louis Philippe. If my recollection serves me right,
Louis Philippe, for many years, in his annual
speech from the throne, expressed his heartfelt
desire and strongest hopes for the restoration of
the nationality of Poland, which had been divided
and apportioned among the Powers composing the
Holy Alliance of despotism. He did not stop there,
for, under the direction of his Minister of Finance,
between one and two millions of francs were ap-
propriated each year for the support of the several
thousand exiles then in his own capital, waiting
an opportunity, like Kossuth and his associates,
to return and engage in the struggle for the inde-
pendence and freedom of their native land.
If, then, a King, in the heart of Europe, could
from his throne express such a desire in behalf of
unfortunate Poland, and at the same time could
tax his people to raise millions of money for the
support of the patriotic exiles, without giving
cause of offence to his brother Kings, shall it be
said that Democratic America is not to be per-
mitted to grant a hearty welcome to an exile who
has become the representative of liberal principles
throughout the world, lest despotic Austria and
Russia shall be offended? We should not close
| our eyes to the fact, that a great movement is in
progress, which threatens the existence of every
absolute government in Europe. It will be a
struggle between liberal and absolute principles—
between Republicanism and Despotism, Are we
to lemain cold and indifferent spectators when the
time of action shall arrive, and the exciting scene
shall be presented to our view ? Will it not be-
come our duty to do whatever the interests, honor,
and glory of our own country may require, in
pursuance of the laws of nations, to give encourage-
ment to that great movement? Should we not
recognize the independence of each Republic as
goon as it shall be established; open diplomatic
intercourse,and form commercial treaties; and,in"
short, extend the right hand of fellowship, tender-
ing all the courtesies and privileges which should
exist between friendly nations of the same politi-
cal faith ? I think that the bearing of this country
should be such as to demonstrate to all mankind
that America sympathizes with the popular move-
ment against despotism, whenever and wherever
made. I hold that the principle laid down by
Governor Kossuth as the basis of his action.—that
each State has a right to dispose of her own des-
tiny, and regulate her internal affairs in her own
way, without the interference of any foreign Pow-
er—is an axiom in the laws of nations which
every State ought to recognize and respect. 1 am
prepared now to assert and affirm the proposition
by a vote of the Senate, as a part of the interna-
tional code. It is equally clear to my mind, that
any violation of this principle by one nation, in-
tervening for the purpose of destroying the liber-
ties of another, is such an infraction of the inter-
national code as would authorize any State to
interpose which should conceive that it had suffi-
cient interest in the question to become the vindi-
cator of the laws of nations. The armed inter-
vention of Russia to deprive Hungary of her
constitutional rights, was such a violation of the
laws of nations as authorized England or the
United States to interfere and prevent the con-
summation of the deed, if either had chosen to
do so. If another alliance shall be formed by
the despots of Europe to destroy the last vestige
of freedom that now remains, the question will
then arise, what course interest, duty, and honor,
require us to pursue? We will have the right,
under the law of nations, to interfere or not, accord-
ing to our convictions of duty, when the case shall
be presented. I will not say, as most Senators
have said, that in no event will I be for interference'
by this Government. I will judge of the case
wh en it arises. To say in advance that the United
States will not interfere in vindication of the laws
of nations, is to give our consent that Russia
may interfere, in violation of the international
code, to destroy the liberties of an independent
nation. Such a declaration would afford as much
encouragement to Russia and Austria in the con-
summation of their work of blood and vengeance,
as a similar declaration by our Government on a
recent occasion did in instigating Spain to butcher
American citizens without the form of trial, and
in violation of treaty stipulations. I will make no
such declaration. I will grant no such license to
the absolute governments of Europe. On the other
hand, I will not advise the declaration in advance
that we will interfere. Such a declaration might
be looked upon as a blustering, empty threat. I
would make no declaration upon the subject either
way until the proper occasion shall arise.' I would
have this Republic retain within herself the con-
trol over her own action, so that we may be in
condition to do whatever our interests and duty
may require when the time for action comes. I
think this is the most dignified and imposing po-
sition our country can occupy. It gives us the
control of our own movements, and enables us to
perform our duties to ourself and to the rest of the
world according to our convictions from day to
day and year to year, as the occasion shall present
itself.
Sir, something has been said about an alliance
with England, to restrain the march of Russia
over the European Continent. I am free to say
that I desire no alliance with England, or with any
other crowned head. I am not willing 10 ac-
knowledge that America needs England as an ally
to maintain the principles of our Government.
Nor am I willing to go to the rescue of England,to
save her from the power of the Autocrat, until she
assimilates her institutions to ours. Heis is a
