982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. GENTRY. Then 1 vote for an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. GORMAN. Do I understand the Chdirto
decide that this will be the first busine&s up in the ,
morning"?
The SPEAKER. -The Chair is of opinion that
if the House adjourn now, that this resolution will
be the first business in order, after the reading of
the Journal, to-morrow morning-.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I rise to a
point of order. It is, whether a motion to adjourn
is in order? A motion was made to lay tbe reso-
lution upon the table, and the House was divided
upon that, and we have had no vote announced
upon that.
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay upon the
table, and amotion to adjourn, are both privileged
questions, but tbe motion to adjourn having the
precedence, is clearly in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I request the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] to withdraw his mo-
tion, and we will adjourn.
Mr. POLK. I desire to know the question
now .pending?
The SPEAKER. It is that the House do now
adjourft.
Mi'. MARSHALL. I want to understand how
the Chair decides the question I made as a ques-
tion of order. The House divided upon the ques-
tion of adjournment. The yeas and nays were
called upon that question-, and the House decided
that they would not adjourn. A gentleman then
rose to make a motion to lay the resolution upon
the table. No division of the House has occurred
upon that, and the yeas and nays were ordered
upon it? and my proposition is, that until the
House does divide upon it, the motion to adjourn
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order taken by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. HENN. 1 withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. POLK. I am willing to vote for the ad-
journment, provided the gentleman from North
Carolina desires to marshal his forces upon the
other side by to-morrow morning;.
Mr. STANLY. Did the gentleman refer to
me ?
Mr. POLK. No, I did not; I referred to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] raises this question of
order: A motion was made,and a vote taken upon
the adjournment; following that, a motion was
made to lay the resolution upon the table, and upon
that proposition the yeas and nays were ordered.
Then followed another motion to adjourn, which
is now pending. The Chair has no doubt that
the motion to adjourn is in order, for the reason
that the House has taken such action as renders
it perfectly in order for the House to adjourn,
otherwise the House would never adjourn until
some distinct vote was taken upon some measure
before it. The Chair has no doubt of the correct-
ness of the decision. Does the gentleman appeal?
Mr. MARSH ALL. No, air.
Mr. WILCOX. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Sooner than consume the
time of the House, I will withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
They were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 64, nays "103; as follows:
Olingman, Conger, Dean, Dookerv, Dotv. Eastman, Edgcr-
ton, Floyd, Fowler, Goodrich, Grow, Harper, Holladav
Horslord, Hunter. Ives, Jenkir.*, John Johnson. Robert W.'
Johnson, Daniel T. Jone=, George G. King, Pr'eMon King,
Kulms, M.inn, Mai tin, MtLanahan, McQueen, Meacham,
Moloriv, Newton, Orr, Perkins, Powell, Russell, Sackett,
Schoolcraft, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Suther-
land, Venable, WaH>ridge, Wallace, Ward, Washburn
Wells, Alexander White, Williams, Woodward, and Yate*
—64.
j NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Apple-
ton, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Baylv, Barrere, Beale,
, Bocock, Bowie, Brag", Breckinudge, Geoige H. Brown,
Bu-by, E. Cariiugton Cabell, Ca-kie, Clark. Cobb, Curtis,
Daniel, GeorgeT. Davis, John G Davis, Dawson, Dunham,
■ Durkee, Kdmundson, Ewmg, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitch,
i Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fullei, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
i Gamble, Gayloid, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Haiml
j ton, Hammond, Hart, Haws, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbaid,
! Hillyer, Houston, Howard. T. M. Howe, Ingersoll, Jack-
i son, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones,
j Kurtz. Landry, Letcher, Loekhait, Humphiey Marshall,
| MeCorkle, McMulhn, Meade, Miller, Million, John Moore,
j Moiehead, Murray, Nabers, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parkei,
! Peaslee, Penn, Penmman, Phelps-, Polk, Price, Richardson,
] Riddle. Robbing Robin*nn, Rtws, Savage, Sehermerhorn,
; Seudder, Scuny, David L. Seymour, Otigen S. Seymour,
I Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Uiehaid H. Stanton,
j Abraham P. Stevens, St. Martin, Suother, Stuart, Swoet-
! ser, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thompson, Walsh,
! Walking Addison White, and Wilcox—103.
j So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion for a call of the
House is not in order during the pendency of the
previous question, which has been ordered to be
put.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table, and there
were—yeas 65, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, David J.
Bailey, Bartlett, Beale, Bocoek, Buell, Joseph Cable, Lewis
J). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Ca-kie, Chapman,
Chngman, Conger, Dean, Doty. Duikee. Eastman, Edger
ton, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grow,
Haipet, UoDaday, HorMoid, Thomas M. Howe, Ives, Jen-
kins, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jono-, George G. King,
Preston King, Mann, McMulhn, McQueen, Meacham,
Mdlson, Miner, Molony, Newton, Orr, Samuel W. Paiker,
IVmmnan, Peikin^, Powell, R.tnloul, Russell, Sackett,
Sehoolcrait, Seudder, Smart. Benjamin Stanton, Stratton,
Sweeper, Benj, Thompson, Walbudge, Wallace, Wash-
burn, Wells, Woodward, and Yato^—6j.
NAYS—Me^*rs. Willis Allen, William Applcton, Tho*.
H. Bayly, Bowie, Biagg, Bieckmndge, Brooks. Albert G.
Brown, Bu*by, E. Carrington Cabell, Chandler, Claik,
Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Doekerv, Dunham,
Edmundson, Ewma, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fiteh, Florence,
Ficemnn, Iiemy M Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Gamble,
Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ilait, H.uv<,
Haven, Hendm ks, Horn, Hiblmrd, Hillyei, Houston, llow-
aid, Jngei>olI, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kuhtis Kurtz, Lamhy, Letcher, Edward
('. Marshall. Jlumphiry Marshall, Matun, McCoikle, Mc-
Donald, Meade, Miller, Jehu Moore, Morchead, Muiray,
Nabers, Outlaw, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Price, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, Robbms, Robinson, Ro-s, Savage, Seher-
merhorn, Scuriy, David L. Seymour, Ougen S. Sejmour,
Smith, Stanly, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Steven*, Stone, St. Martin, Stiother, Stuart,
Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Venable, Walsh. Wat-
kins, Addison White. Alexander White, Wilcox, and Wil-
liams—97.
So the House refused to lay the rosolution upon
the table
Mr. BUELL. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WILCOX demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordeied.
Mr. AVERETT. I would ask if a motion fur
a call of the House will be in order? There is a
very thin House, apd I desire a full vote.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in or-
der.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 81, nays 86; as follows:
YFiAS—Messis. Allison, Ashe, Averett, Baitlett, Beale,
Brooks, AlhertG. Brown,George II. Brown, Buell, Joseph
Cable, Lewis I). Campbell,Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Chapman, Olingman, Cobb, Conger, Dean, Dookeiy, Doty,
Eastman, Edge)ton, llwing, ! loyd, Fowler, (iayfoid,Gen-
try, Goodenow, Goodrich,Grow, Hamilton, Haipci, Holla-
dav, Horsloid, Thomas M Howe, Tve«, Jenkins, John
Johnson, Daniel T. Jone-*, Geoige W Jones, George G.
King, Pie-ton King, Kuhns, Mann, Maitm, McMullen,
MtC-iucen, Meacham, Me,uie, Minci, Molony, Newton,
Oir, Oullaw, Perkins, Powell. Rantoul, Richatd-on, Rus-
sell, Sackett Sehoolcrait, Seudder, Smatt, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Stratton, Sutherland. Sweetser,
Ben jamin Thompson, Tuck, Venalde, Walhridge, Wallace,
Waid, Wa-hbmn, Wells, Addison White, Alexander
White. William-, Woodward, and Yates—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willi* Allen, Wjlh.un Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Ba>lv, Baneie, Bocoek,
Bowie, Bragg, Bieekinridge, Busby, E. Cariington Cabell,
Caskie, ('l.iik, Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis, Daw&onj
Dunham, Dutkee, Edmundson, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fitch,
Florence. Freeman,Thomas J. D Fullei,Gamble, Goim .n,
Giey, Hall, Hammond, Hart. Haws, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Ho waul, Ingersof], Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jame-s Johnson, Landry, Letcher, Lockhart,
Edward C. Maishall. Humphrey Marshall, MeCorkle,
McDonald, Miller, Millson, John Moore, Morehead, Mur-
ray, Nabers, Samuel VV. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps,
Polk, Price, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
Schermeihorn. Scurry. David L. Sewnour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Smith, Stanlv, Riehaid H. Stanton, Abi'm P. Ste-
ven*, Stone. St. Martin, Strother, Geoige W. Thompson,
Walsh, Watkins, and Wilcox—86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the first resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move to lay the resolutions upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chais*
it is not.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" "Call the roll!"]
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the first branch of the proposition, being the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Jackson-,] and it was agreed to—yeas 101,
nays 64, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, WilHam AppJel&n, Thos.
H. Baylv, Boeock, Bowie, Bia«g, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Busby, E. Cairington Cabell, Ca«kie?
Clark, Cobb, Curth-, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,Dock-
eiy, Dnnham, JSdrimndson, Ewing, Faulkner, Fickhn,
Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gentry. Goiman, Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Hart,
Haw*, Haven, Kenduek*, Henn, Hibbaid, Hillyer, Hous-
ton, Hovvaid, fiigeisoll. Jackson. Andrew Johnson,'James.
John-on, George W. Jones, Kurtz,Landrv, Letcii<-*r,Lock-
hart, Edward C. Mai.-haU, Humphiey Mar-hail, Mai tin,
Ma-on. MeCorkle, McDonald, MeMullin, Meade, Miller,
John Mooie, Morehead,Murray, N«tbeis, Outlaw, SainueB
W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps Polk, Price, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbms, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sehermer-
horn, Scuny, David L. Sejmour, Ongen S. Seymour,
Smith, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H Stanton, Abia-
harn P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Suth-
erland, Geoige W. Thompson, Venable, WaNb, W.ird,
Watkins, Addisyn White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
William'—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, ^*he, Averett,D. J. Bai-
ley, Bariere, Bart etr, Brenton, George H. Biown, Buell,
J. ('able,Lewi* IJ. Campb. 11, Thoinp-on Campbell, Chap-
ma?!, Chngman, Conger, Dean, Do-ty, Duikee, Ea^tlnrlnr
Edgerton, Flo\d, Fowler, Gavloid, Goodenow, Goodneh,
Grow, Haiper, Holladay, Horsford, Thomas M. Howe,
Ives, Jenkins, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Pre«tor>
King, Kuhn*,Mamn, McUueen, Meacham, Mill.-on,Miner,
Molony, Newton, Orr, Penniman, Perkins. Powell. Ran-
toul, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seudder, Sinai t, Benjamin
Stanton, Stratton, Svveet*er, Benjamin Thompson, Tnekr
Walbndge, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, Woodvvaid, anti
Yates—64.
So the first branch of the proposition was adopt-
ed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the-
vote by which that resolution was adopted, and
to lay that motion upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the adoption of the remaining resolution,
being fhe one offered by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Hillyer.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Have we
not taken the vote upon dividing the proposition—
upon the first branch ?
The SPEAKER. Tfye Chair begs leave to state
that the vote has just been taken upon the first
branch of the proposition, which was the original
resolution offered by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Jackson.]
Mr. MA RSHALL. The point I wish to pre-
sent to the Chair, is this: The question came up
upon adopting the resolution as amended. That
was the question propounded. A division of that
question was asked. We have voted upon the
first branch of that division, arid is the whole
question put as required by the rule until we vote
upon the second bwmch—in other words, can the
motion to reconsider clinch the first proposition
and leave the second to be lost?
The SPEAKER. It can, in the opinion of the
Chair. -
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal from that decis-
ion.
Mr. STANLY. I move to hy that appeal
upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Kentucky to make the point of order
that it is not m order to move the reconsideration ?
If that is the point  
Mr, MARSHALL. I will withdraw my ap-
peal.
Mr. JENKINS. I move the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SMART d emandpd the yeas and naysupon
the remaining branch of the proposition; which
were ordered.
Mr EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "The roll is
beine; called."]
Mr. EDGERTON. I addressed the Chair be-
fore the roll was commenced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman address the Chair until there was a re-
sponse.
Mr. EDGERTON. I did address the Chair
prior to the call.
[Cries of " It is too late!" " It is too late."]
