1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
nothing whatever about the subject. The paint-
ings are in London; thp committee ha\e had no
opportunity to examine them. I do not know how
competent they might be to judge of them, even if
the painting's were here; but they have not seen
them; they know nothing about them; but they
propose to authorize the President of the United
States to purchase of* Mr. George Catlin his
collection of Indian Scenes and Portraits, and to
do it on the authoiity of certain Englishmen, who
say that these are very fine paintings. Well, sir,
1 am not a very good judge of portraits of any
sort, but I think the English are very had judges
of Indian portraits. 1 think we are better judges
of Indian portraits than any Englishmen. Why,
one of them landed here a few days ago—a man of
some distinction—who fancied he could kill a buffalo
within fifty miles of Washington, I do not pro-
fess to be a judge, but J have here the testimony
of a man who has examined it, arid who is a judge.
Let it be remembered, that at the time when this
resolution was reported, there was here in the
Smithsonian Institution a collection of Indian por-
traits which thd committee have entirely over-
looked. It was not necessary to send an agent to
London to examine them, and therefore the com-
mittee report against them, i have here the testi-
mony of Captain ISastmm, who, as everybody
knows, is a competent judsre. In relation to the
collection of portraits now in the Smithsonian In-
stitution, he says:
WASimciTOV, T). C., June 28, 18.T2.
Demi Sir: Havm,.'Im-pu u-qne^ted by you to e\|>rf\ss my
opinion to the comparative merits of yours and Mr. (/in-
jurs paintings of the [ndi.ins ot tin-* country, H aflordj. me
ptua>urc to  ay tb.it f consider the artis-tic m-ntf of yours
far superior r<i Mr. ('atlin's, ami they mve a b«ttcr idea of
Die Indian than any works in Mr. (Jarlm's collection.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. EASTMAN, Oapt. U. S. Jlrmy.
Mr. Stanley.
There is the testimony of a man who is a judge;
the testimony of a man who has examined both
collections; the testimony of a man who is him-
self one of the best artists m the country. I
would rather have a collection of portraits painted
by him than by either of these gentlemen; and he
tells us that here, at our own door, there is a col-
lection of portraits far superior to any in Mr.
Cathn's collection—not merely to Mr. Catlin's as
a whole, but to any in Mr. Catlin's. Yet in the
face of this, we are to send an agent to London,
pay him eisjht dollars a day and hts expenses,and
give $30,0(10 for an inferior collection. As [ com-
menced with saying, I conclude with saying, that
this is too barefaced a proposition to be allowed
to pass without opposition.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. Piesident, I am very
sorry to occupy a moment of the time of the Sen-
ate upon this question. 1 am very sorry that this
subject is occupying the time of the Senate this
morning. We have many measures of public
importance now pressing upon the attention of the
Senate. Justice to individuals has been delayed;
public interests of the greatest importance have
been postponed. And for what ? To consider
whether we shall go into the business of buying
pictures. But I will not occupy the time of the
Senate with any remaiks upon that aspect of the
question.
We have c.omc to this old acquaintance of ours,
who has been here longer than I have been. 1 met
this proposition here four years ago, and it has
followed us up ever since. We have heard every
session of" Mr. Catlinand his Indian portraits,"
" Mr. Catlin and his Indian portraits," until it
has to me become almost like a certain patent bill
that we had under consideration a year or two
ago, which came pretty near running everybody
out of the Senate, and we at last got so sore about
it that we dismissed it, and would not consider it
any further.
Since it seems that we are to buy Indian por-
traits; since it seems that the Government is going
into the picture business, although I am opposed
to the whole scheme, and think that the public in-
terests are suffering, not only by the postpone-
ment of other measures, but by the amount of
money we shall have to pay for this collection, if
we have got to buy, if we have got to go into this
business, I am disposed to do it understandingly.
If we are to pay money out of the Treasury for
pictures, i am for having the best we can get.
For that purpose I have prepared an amendment
to the resolution, which is to strike out all after
the word " resolved," and insert—
That a select committee of three be appointed by the
Chair to Inquire into the letanve merits and value of Mr.-
Citiui's and Mr. Stanley3* direction ot Indian poi traits;
or whether it may not be better to employ Captain E>i i
man, or s-ome other oflieer ot the United States* Army who
is a eompet-jnt artist, to paint a series of Indian pornait^
l'oi the (ioveiuuient, than to purchase tiie collection of
either Mr. Cathn or Mr. Stanley.
Mr. President, that opens the whole iieJd of in-
quiry, and wdt enable and require the committee
tliut may be appointed to examine and ascertain
the relative merits of the various collections of
pictures that are presented to our consideration,
and to determine whether either is worthy of our
patronage to this extent, or whether it may not
be better to employ an officer of our own Army,
who is competent, to paint us a better series than
either.
1 have mentioned the name of Captain Eastman
because iie is well known to the country as an
artist of very high order of talent, perhaps equal
to, if not better them any who is engaged in paint-
ing Indian portraits, and whose knowledge of In-
dian character, and familiarity with scenes among
the Indians, qualify him better than perhaps any
other man to judge of what is meritorious m such
paintings; and perhaps he is himself better quali-
fied than anybody else to produce a series that
will be worthy of the patronage of the Govern-
ment. The au vantage of employing him or some
other officer is two-fold: First, that we may there-
by, and, m my opinion, will obtain better work
for the money which we may pay, and secondly,
that we shall have to pay very little money at all.
He is an officer of the Army; he is competent to
do the work; and he is willing to be employed,at
what he now receives as an officer of the Army,
to do this work, about which gentlemen seem to
have so much solicitude. For these reasons I
have offered the substitute.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, from the re-
marks of tine Senator from Arkansas, it is evident
that his objection is not to the measure per se, but
to the collection of paintings that uis proposed to
purchase. He is not for purchasing the Indian
portraits, and other paintings of Mr. Catlin, but
he is for directing an inquiry which is designed
to result m the employment of Captain Eastman,
or in the purchase of another gallery, the work of
Mr. Stanley. Now, I have nothing to say against
the artistic merits of either Captain Eastman or
Mr. Stanley. On the contrary, I am willing to
concede to both of them a very high degree of
skill in this department of the fine arts. Both of
them have given striking evidence of great talent;
but, according to them all the merit that is due
to them, or to either of them, to say that they are
but gleaners after Mr. Catlin is doing injustice to
neither of them.
Sir, I have seen the paintings of all these gen-
tlemen; and, although I do not profess to be a
very critical or accurate .judge of matters of this
kind, yet, as far as I have any judgment, I am
compelled to say that the collection of Mr. Catlin
is very far superior to them, or any other, in ar-
tistic merit. He was the original in this field.
When he first commenced to give to the world
| the series of Indian portraits which are now in
i London, and which have been seized in execu-
I tion, that field of art was entirely unexplored.
! His genius opened the way, and, until to-day, I
. have never heard it suspected or hinted that there
| was not a very great display of artistic skill and
j talent exhibited by Mr. Catlin in the paintings
j which the resolution before us is designed to pur-
| chase, in order to grace this Capttol. Here,
abroad, everywhere, wherever these paintings
have been exhibited, no matter in contrast with
what others, the highest praise has always been
! accorded to the artist, not onlv for faithfulness of
| delineation, but, as I have said already, for gen-
j era! artistic skill.
I Now, sir, is r not a matter that should com-
I mend itself to American statesmen and patriots to
| purchase a collection as perfect as that of Mr.
| Cathn is? The portraits which his pencil has
| executed are the only remains of the chiefs and
I braves of those tribes who were once lords of the
soil, and who have almost entirely disappeared
from the world. Is it not right that we should
now provide that posterity may know the forms
and faces of those great aboriginal chieftains, as
well as that they may learn from history their
other characteristics which cannot be so well ex-
hibited upon canvas? Soon, sir, a like opportu-
tunity of transmitting to canvas the features of
these chiefs will haie ceased to exist altogether;
and although no doubt Mr. Stanley has employed
himself with ability in this same walk of art, he
has not had the same opportunities that Catlin has
enjoyed, and has not produced so much that' is
worthy of patronage as Catlin has done. If Con-
gress should choose, I am very willing to extend
this patronage both to Mr. Stanley and to Cap-
tain Eastman. 'I do not-think that it would be
any very great stretch of public generosity to pur-
chase the collection of Mr. Catlin, in the first
place, and in the second place, the few scattering
works of Captain Fastman, and finally to add to
both the collection of Mr. Stanley. I do not think
that it would be a great tiling for a rich and-pow-
erful nation, advancing with greater rapidity to
wealth, power, and intellectual preeminence than
any other nation which has preceded them in the
histoty of the world. Sir, I can conceive of noth-
ing that would grace to a larger extent the halls
which are about to be erected for the deliberations
of future Congresses than a jja'lery containing
portraits of the aborigines of this country, m or-
der that posterity may see the faces of the race of
men that occupied this soil when it was a wilder-
ness, and previous to their time.
If there fie an objection to the form of the res-
olution proposed by the Senator from New York,
as has been suggesied by the Senator from Ala-
bama, and I apprehend that there is something
objectionable in it, let us amend it; but do not let
us turn our back upon the proposition merely be-
cause there is something in the resolution that gen-
tlemen do not like I can vote for it in its present
form, though 1 think the employment of an agent
is altogether useless. We know what the collec-
tion is; we know what it is that Mr. Catlin pro-
poses to sell us; and a simple resolution authoriz-
ing the President to purchase and pay a sum not
exceeding so much, on the delivery of the collec-
tion to an authorized person, would be all that is
necessary. If somebody else will not move so to
amend the resolution I will do it. I have an
amendment in my hand which, in the event that
no other gentleman proposes it, I shall offer. But
I do trust that the proposition will commend itself
to the American Senate, and that although gentle-
men may sneer at it as going into the picture-deal-
ing business, it will not deter men who have a
proper regard—I will not say that, because it might
cast a reflection on gentlemen, and I do not intend
to do it—for these things from voting the trifling
sum, in comparison with our ability, that is ne-
cessary to purchase this collection of paintings.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, at this stage of
the session, when there remains so much public
business of the country requiring the attention of
the Senate, I do think it will be conceded to be
out of place that we should consume our time
with the discussion of the relative merits of the
gentlemen referred to, as portrait painters. I am
opposed to the original resolution, and t© the sub-
stitute offered by the Senator from Arkansas; and
for the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate,
1 move to lay the whole subject upon the table,
and I ask the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
indulge me in a word of reply?
Mr. PRATT. My whole object was to pre-
vent the consumption of time. If the gentleman
replies, some one else will wish to reply to him.
I prefer to have the sense of the Senate upon my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris in
the chair.) The question is not debatable.
The question being taken, the motion to lay the
subject on the table was agreed to—yeas 26, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Boiland. Butler,
Charlton, Clemens Davis, I)e SansMirp, DousrJas, Downs,
Feleh, Hamhn, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory, Mason, Meriwether, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—26.
NAYS—Me^rs Bell, Rrodhpad, Brooke, Clarke, Coop
er, Dawson, Dodge of VWeontin, Do dee of fowa, Fi.-h,
K'mh, J.unes, MilJei, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Stockton, Sumner, Upham, and Wade—20.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JAMES, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill amend-
atory of the several acts regulating the appraise-
ment of imported merchandise, and the more
eifectually to prevent frauds against the revenue,
