1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be grati-
fied to hear what the gentleman has to say,
Mr. EDGERTON. I rose to a question of
order, and I addressed the Chair before the call
was commenced.
[Ones of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask 
[Cries of " I object!" " I object!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is bound to rule
the gentleman out of order. >
The question was then taken upon the remain-
ing branch of the proposition, which was Mr. :
Hillyer's amendment, and it was agreed to— i
yeas 300, nays 65, as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Witi. Appleton, Thomas I
H. Ba\Iy, Bowie, Breckinridge, Brooks,George H Brown,
BO'bv, E. Carrmgton Cabell. Chandler. Clark, Cobb, Cur-
tis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Mockery, Dunham, '
Edmund-oil, Bwnig, Faulkner. Ficklin, Fitch, Florence,
Freeman, Thomas; J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Gorman, ,
Grey, Ilall, Hamilton, Hammond, Hart, Haws, Haven,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, fliilver, Houston, Howard,
Ingers-oll, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jame< Johnson. Goo.
W. Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landr\. Letcher, Lockhart,
Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshal!, Mai tin, Mason,
McCorkle, McDonald, McMulhn, Miller, John Moore,
Morehead, Murray, Nahers, Outlaw, Samuel \V. Parker,
Pea-lee, Fenn, Folk, Porter. Price, Kicnard&on, Riddle, ■
Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Scheimerho'-n, Scurty, •
David L. Seymour, Onsen S Seymoui, Smith, Stanly, !
Frederick P. Stanton. Richaid H. Stanton, Abra'm P. Ste- j
vens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, .
George W.Thompson, WaMi, Ward, Watkins, Addison I
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates— i
100.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, David]
J. Bailey, Barrere, Bartlett, Bocock, ISragg, Brenton, Buell, ■
Joseph Cable, Lewis D Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Caskie. Chapman, Chngman, Conger, Daniel. Dot}, Dur-
kee, Eastman, Edgerton. Floyd, Fowler. Gaj lord, Goode-
now, Goodiich, Glow, Harper, Holladay, Horsford, Thos.
M. Howe, Ives, Jenkins. John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Preston King. Mann, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Mill-
son, Miner, Molonv^ Newton, Orr, Pennnnan, Perkins,
Powell, Rantoul, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seudder, Smart,
Benjamin Stanton, Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson. Tuck,
Yenahie, Walbridge, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, and
Woodward—6.1.
So the second branch of the proposition was
adopted.
Mr. BRIGGS, previous to the announcement
of the vote, said: I ask permission of the House \
to vote, not having been inside the bar at the call-
ing of my name. I
A Voice. I object. i
Mr. BRIGGS. Had I been here to vote, I
would have voted in the affirmative.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. STANLY said: Mr. Speaker, I was in my
seat when the roll was called. I decline to vote,
and will publish my reasons for my constituents,
and wjII not trouble the House.
Mr Stanly handed the Reporter the following-
I asked to be excused from voting, because I
believe the resolution is carefully framed to enable
Democratic Free-Soiiers, and Southern Secession-
ists, to appear to favor the compromise, and yet to
be able to say at home in particular localities, that
they did not vote to " abide by the compromise
measures"—to regard them as a finality.
The resolution was, as first olfered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] in these words:
" Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of the
compromise of the Constitution, and believe it to be the in-
tention of the people geneially, as we hereby declare it to
be ours individually, to abide such compromises, and to
sustain the laws necessary to cairy them out—the provision
for the delivery or fugitive sla\es3 included—and that we
deprecate all further agitation of questions growine out of
that provision, of the questions embraced m the acts of the
last Congress known as the eompromi-e. and of questions
generally connected with the institution of slavery, as un-
neoesary, useless, and dangerous."
The words, " and the act of the last Congress for
that purpose," were inserted on consultation with
several Democrats, including the gentleman from
Georgia, as follows:
"Resohed, That we lecognize the binding efficacy of the
compromises of the Constitution, and believe it to be the
intention of the people generally, as we hereby declare it to
be ours individually, to abide such compromises, and to
sustain the laws necessary to carry them out—the provision
for the dehveiy of fugitive slaves [and the act of the last
Congress for thut purpose] included; and that we depre-
cate all further agitation of questions growing out of that
provision, of the questions embiaced m the act^ of the last
Congress known as the compromise, and of questions gen •
erally connected with the institution of slavery, as unneces-
sary, useless, and daugcious."
I object to voting upon resolutions, when my
own course may be misunderstood, and when my
vote may enable others to be misunderstood, who
so desire. I object to all party resolutions on sla-
very in this House. I think Southern men—
| Union men, anti-Secession men—should act to-
| gether upon resolutions relating to the compromise
i acts. I believe the resolutions of the gentleman
I from Georgia will enable Southern Secessionists
to appear ds favoring the compromise measures,
: and to deny at home that they did ever vote to j
| abide by them—to regard them as a (kJinal settle- |
' merit." - j
I I know no party in matters connected with
i slavery and the compromise acts. They areques-
j tions above all party considerations. I have olfered
j a resolution, introduced in the Democratic caucus
! by a member from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] as
i mentioned in the letter of the distinguished gentle-
j man from "Virginia [Mr. Bayly] in the early part
J of the session. I have offered another, with
t amendments, as handed to the Globe Reporter, and
! read at the Speaker's table this morning, num-
: bered three. It is the resolution offered in the
i Democratic caucus (see Mr. Bayly's letter) by the
J member from Arkansas, with the amendments
I noted by me in the resolutions handed to the
, Globe Reporter. I take either of these, and will
I vote for any distinct, intelligible resolution, offered
[ by Whig or Democrat, approving of the compro-
j mise measures.
i But I will not vote on any resolution, no matter
| by whom offered, that" may enable dodgers to
j appear what they are not; that will enable Free-
i Soilers and Secessionists to stand on the same
! platform, and make the slavery question a play-
j thing, a mere " game," as it has been made by
| Van Buren&Co., in 1840-'44-'43, and as Messrs.
Hallett, Rantoul, Preston King, and others of like
political opinions, wish to make it in the elections
of 1852.
Reasons more in detail I will give hereafter.
Mr. I1ILLYER moved that the vote just taken
■j be reconsidered, and that that motion do lie upon
; the table; which motion was agreed to.
j So the proposition as adopted is as follows:
| Revolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of the
compromises of the Constitution, and believe it to be the
II intention of the people generally, as we hereby declare it
;j to be ouis individually, to abide such compromises, and to
! sustain the laws necessary to carry them out—the provis-
'{ ion for the delivery of fugitive slaves, and the act o( the
! last Congress for that puipose included—and that we dep-
j! leeate all further agitation of questions srrowmg out of that
il piovision, of the questions embraced m the acts ot the last
j Congress known as the compr^mwe, and of questions gen-
,, eially connecicd with the institution ot slaveij , as unneces-
•: sarv. u>eles<« and dangerous.
!i Rejoiced, That the series of acts passed dunng the first
| session of the Thirty-first Congress, known as the compio-
,1 nn^e, are regarded as a final adjustment and a permanent
' settlement of the questions therein embraced, and should
! be maintained and executed as such.
| Mr. RICHARDSON moved the House ad-
; journ, which motion was agreed to.
j And the House adjourned.
House of Representatives, *3pril6. 1352.
To the Editor of the Congressional Globe:
My being absent from the House jeaterday at the time
the final vote was taken on Colonel Jackson5® resolution
in reference to the compromise, and the amendment of Mr.
Hillyer, niav require explanation, particulaily as it ap
pears from the Journal that I moved to lay the resolution of
Colonel Jackson on the table. My early views as to the
settlement of the question subsequently embiaced in the
several acts of Congress, known as the compromise, are
familiar to all my friends^ and were expressed by a letter to
my constituents several months before the action of Con-
gress. Believing it unnecessary and improper to agitate
any of the questions included in the compromise acts, as
they wcie the laws of the land, and generally acquiesced
m bv the people, the reaffirming them by Congress, neither
made thein more binding noi acceptable to the country: I,
therefore, for the purpose of preventing a renewal of those
exciting scenes which occurred in the Thirty-first Con-
gress, and to promote harmony and peace in the country,
moved to lay the resolution oh the table, believing tiiis to
be the most prudent course at the time. This motion not
prevailing, and fully believing, from the effort mad" to post-
pone a direct vote, it would be at a late hour betoie the
House could obtain direct action on the resolutions, I left
for my lodging. The dav being inclement, J was detained
longer than I anticipated. On my return to the Iiou^e the
roll was being called on Mr. Hillyer's amendment, and,
mv name being passed. I had not an opportunity of record-
ing my vote, which I regret, as I should have voted for the
original lesolution and amendment. \ ery respectfully,
& J. M. II. BEALE.
Hocse of Representatives, April 1, 1852.
To the Editor of the Congressional Globe :
Sir: Having been detained, by indisposition, from my
seat in the House on Monday, the 5th instant, when the
final vote was taken upon the adjustment resolutions of
Messrs. Jackson and Hillykr, ot Georgia, I desire to state
that, it 1 had boon present, 1 should have voted for eac.i of
those resolutions', and I doubt not, in doing so, should have
lefiectcd the will of almost if not the entire constituency
that I havethehonorto represent. Very respectfully;, your
[ obedient servant, ISHAM G-. HARRIb.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. WEIGIITMAN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the ascertainment of public
lands and the settlement of land titles ui New Mexico, and
for other purposes.
Also, a bill to pmvjdfTor the survey of the public lands
in New Mexico, and for other purposes. - - •
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ROBB1NS: The petition of William W. Jurve •
nal. Esq., asking pay for the witnesses examined before the
commissioner appointed to lake testimony in the case of the
contested election m the fourth district of Pennsylvania, in
the Thirty-first Congress.
By Mr. MILLER. The petition of 247 citizens of Ran-
dolph county, Missouii, praying Congress for a grant of al-
ternate sections of public land, to aid m the construction of
the North Missouri Railroad.
By Mr. MACE: The memorial of Dr. Hnrtwell Carver
and Ins a^ociate®, asking a law to con&ti uet a laiiroadfrom
some point on the Mississippi or Missouti rivers, or from
Lake Michigan, to the Pacific ocean.
By Mr. DUIiKEE: The remonstrance of G. W. My-
gatt and 209 others, of the county of Milwaukie, Wiscon-
sin, against the renewal of Woodworth's patent.
By Mr. DOTY: The petiuon of E. Fox Cook, President
of the Cascade and Lake Michigan Railroad Company,
asking a grant of land to said company in aid of the con-
st) notion of said road.
Also, the petition of A. G. Cook, Charles J. Randall and
others, asking a mail route from Theresa to Columbus, by
Mayviile, Hornkon, Junean, Oak Grove, and Lowell.
By Mr. MARSHALL, of California: Petition of the
Stale officer-* and both branches of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, for the establishment of a branch mint at San Fran-
cisco.
Also, the petition of merchants and citizens of San Fran-
cisco tor the same purpose
By Mr. . The petition of heirs of Captain Thomas
Shubnck, of South Carolina, for commutation pay.
By Mr. FICKLIN : The petition of H. H. McPherson,
and numerous other citizens of Washington, praying for
free suffrage and the abolition of the poll tax as a qualifica-
tion for voting under the oitv charter.
By Mr. WEIGIITMAN : The memmialofthe Legislative-
Assembly of the Tei ntory of New Mexico, prav ing Congress
that the law oiganizing the Territory may be so amended
as to allow an annual session of ninety, in lieu of forty
days ; to provide for the payment of interpreters and trans-
lators. and two sets of clerks.
A Ko, a joint resolution of the Legislative Assembly of the
Tenitoryof New Mexico, memorializing Congress, in con-
sequence of doubts which " exist in the mind of the comp-
troller of the United States" in legard to the legality ot Hie
Iaie session of the Legislature, to legalize the same so as to
conclude all such doubts, and dcclanng that the Legislative
Assembly has no doubt on the subject.
Also, the nieuional ot the Legislative Assembly of the
Terutoij ot New Mexico, praying Congress to piovide by
law for the enfianehi.-uig of certain Mexicans, lesidentm
i New Mexico, who declared their intention of retaining their
; character as Mexican citizens, on condition that they re-
i nounce allegiance to Mexico and take the oath of allegiance
' to the United State*.
Also, the memorial of a citizen of New Mexico, with ac-
companvmg papers, piaying that provision be made for
' paving a commission which^y authontyof the Legislative
: Assemblj o! the Tenitoiy of New Mexico, drew up a code
of laws lor that Terntoiy.
I By Mt FLORENCE: The memorial of Harriet Ward,
' of Philadelphia, piaying the passage of an explanatory act
; of the "act of the Senate No. 279, first session of the Twen-
tv-nmth Congress, granting her a pension as the widow of
I Joseph Ward, gunner's mate, United States Navy."
By Mr. FOWLER: The remonstrance of C. Nash and
142 others legal voters of Norfolk county, Massachusetts,
: against the reestablishment of the practice of flogging in
; the Navy.
i By Mr. HOUSTON : The petition of sundry citizens of
i Alabama, prajing the establishment of a mail route from
Jonesboio', \labama, to Yoik, m Walker county, Ala-
bama. ^ ~ .
I Bv Mr. KUHNS : The petition of James B. McCreight,
; Sen", and other citizens of Pennsylvania, pra.vnig Congress
' to authorize by law the construction ol a railroad from
i Council Bluff, on the Missouri river, and extending up the
I valley of the Platte river, to the South Path, in the Rocky
Mountain®, to California and Oiegon.
' Bv Mr. AFKEN: The petition of a number of citizensof
! Charleston, South Carolina, for a light in the harbor.
1 By Mr. WELLS A petition of certain citizens of t ul-
' ton county, New York, praying for a donation of public
1 lands towards the completion ol the Saiatoga and Sackett's
i Harbor Railtoad.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The remonstrance ofMat-
: thew Hastings and 66 others, citizens of Calais, Maine,
I against the passage of anv law which shall render more
| valuable to Thomas Blanehard, or his assigns, a patent for
| turning liregular forms.
Bv Mr. STUART: The petition of 2,300 citizens of
Michigan, asking an appropnatian for the improvement of
1 the haibor at the month of the Kalamazoo river, in that
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, *3pril 6, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
|i EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
|: The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
i Senate a communication from the Secretary of Ore
I, Navy, m answer to a resolution of the oenate
|i calling upon him to express his opinion as to the
