f>&4
the congressional globe.
April 6,
expediency of a reconnaissance of the routes of j posts, so that he can keep up the communication j
navigation in the Northern seas, and in the China j j for the benefit both of the Government and of the j
and Japan seas; and whether any vessels belong- lj public. _ ;
in* to the service can be used for that purpose; I will state that this same plan was laid before |
an% also, what would be the expense of such 1 a railroad conventional St. Louis in 1849,arid re- ,
a reconnoissance; which was read, referred to ceived their approval. It js the firm; conviction ,
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be <1 of all those living m the Mississippi valley—of I
printed. ' intelligent men who have directed their atten- •'
The-PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the 1 tion to the subject, that this line could be well pro- j
Senate a communication from the Secretary of i tected, and thus the means of communication kept j
War, transmitting, in compliance with u resolution ,i up constantly between the Atlantic and Pacific, j
of the'Senate,a report of the Chief of the Qrdnnnce ,■ Mr. OMteiily states, in his memorial, that within [
Bureau, as to the'necessity of establishing suita- !; two years from this time, with this line completed, '
ble depots for the preservation of gunpowder be- |! he would be able to deliver the European news on .:
longing: to the United States; which was read and •! the shores ot the Pacific, within one week from |
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. 'i the time it left the European continent. I move ■
 !| that the memorial be printed, and referred to the
p^TTTiOiSo, bic. ^ ^ ; Committee on the Territories. jj
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the i The motion to refer was agreed to. ,
Senate a petition of citizens of Dallas county, Ala- , T}ie PRESIDENT. The" motion 10 print will j!
bama> remonstrating aeainat an extension ot gQ to tjle Committee on Printing under the rule, j
WoodwQrth's patent for a planing machine; which , BORLAND. I wish to suggest that it j|
was referred to the Commute on Patents and | would save time to order the printing now. It is jj
the Patent" Oliice. ^ t; a matter of interest, and I suppose there can be no > j
- Mr. RHETT presented the petition of John ^ doubt as to what would be the report of the Com-
W. Stuckey, assistant marsnal for taking* the mittee on Printing. By unanimous con>?«mt, I 'I
/WnVt South Cnv - :i suppoge the priuting cau now be ordered. |!
"seventh census in Sumner district, South Caro-
lina, praying additional compensation; which was I
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition of citizens
of Clark county, Arkansas, remonstrating against
an extension of Wood'worth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of residents
of Ohio, praying the enactment of such laws as
will authorize the erection of bridges over the
Ohio, and other navigable rivers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. ii
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the pcti- ,1
tion of Absalom Kyle and William C. Kyle, {'ray- 1
ing the compensation for transpouing the mail, ■
due according to the terms of their contract: which ! j
was referred to the Committee of Claims. I
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of J. H. "i
Jones, praying that land may be granted to settlers |!
on the Menomonee Purchase, who are not pus- j
sessed of other land; which was referred to the M
Committee on Public Lands. jl
telegraph to the pacific. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. I present the memorial of j
Henry O'Reilly, proposing a system of inter- |
communication by mail and telegraph between j
the Atlantic and Pacific States. I would state in i
presenting this memorial, that Mr. O'Reilly has
The PRESIDENT. iiy unanimous consent, l|
the printing can now be ordered. 1;
There being no objection, the question was then ji
taken, and the motion to print was agreed to. j'
reports prom standing committees. jj
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims, ij
to which was referred the bill from the House of ji
Represematj\es for the relief of Charles S. Mat- |i
thews, Charles Wood, and James Hall, reported ij
it back with an amendment. jl
Mr. ISA YARD, from the Committee of Claims, ;|
to which was referred the bill for the relief of j;
Thomas DevHin, reported it back without amend- •'
went. >
Mr. BRODHEAf), from the Committee of i
Claims, to which was referred the petition of John I j
McAvoy, submitted a report, accompanied bya:i
bill for his relief; which was read and passed to :
the second reading. The report was ordered to ;
be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Miii- ;
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of ;
Nathan Weston, jr., late additional paymaster in !
the United States Army, submitted a report, ac- ;
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read '
and passed to the second reading. The report was j
ordered to be printed. ;
He also, from the same committee, to which was :
iiad great experience in the business of telegraphs ] \ referred the petition of Russell & Jones, surviving ,
throughout the United States, especially "in the j; partners of iirown, Russell, & Co., asked to be
Southern and Western States. He proposes to 1 discharged fro in the further consideration thereof,
establish a line of telegraphs from the Mississippi >' and that it be referred to the (.
valley to the Pacific. He asks no appropriation " which was agreed to
of money or lands from die Government.; he asks j
no donation, no grant, no gifts of any kind, fie
Committee of Claims;
only asks to be protected along the line, so that
his communication can be kept up. H r suggests,
in his memorial, that, inasmuch as present"laws
provide for a line of military posts from the Mis-
sissippi valley to the Pacific, those posts shall be
.manufacture of percussion caps. !
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military |
Allaire, to which was referred the petition of Rich- '
ard M. Bouton, praying for compensation from
the United States Government for the use of the 1
machinery discovered by him for the manufacture
: of percussion caps, has instructed me to report a
so arranged that they may protect the telegraphic bill, accompanied by a written report, fn making .
communication that is to be established along that ' i out this report and bill, we found that there were ;
line. The suggestion is, that instead ot establish-1, three persons equally interested in this iriven-■
in# large posts, with a large number of men at  tion, which js a machine for making and filling
each, you should reduce them so that they shall '| percussion caps; and the committee has instructed '
be twenty miles apart, and only twenty men, or
other small number, at each, and thus keep up the
communication throughout the hne. He also'sug-
gests that these men along that fine may be m;u?e
the instruments of carrying the mail, each cost
sending a file of soldiers, when the mail arrives,
to the next post with it, and thus carry the mail
at the same time that they effect a line of com-
munication, and protect the emigrant route. The
me to report a bill that covers the case of all ,
three. We do not separate them. But I find ,
that the Committee on Naval Affairs has already
reported a bill in favor of one of the parties—for
the relief of the widow of Marvin W. Fisher,
granting to her $20,000. We report $5,000 in
the same case, after having1 thoroughly examined
the subject I ask that the bill reported by the :
Committee on Naval Affairs may be taken up, so
object of his memorial is to establish a telegraph; ;■ that I may offer this bill as an amendment to it
that both may he upon the table together.
The PRESIDENT. When that bill comes up
this can be offered as an amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. It may, perhaps, be over-
looked then, and both bills might accidentally be
passed.
Mr. DAVIS. Report this bill and let it go on
out he ■suggests, in connection with that, these
other advantages that would result from it. He
suggests, also, in fo,mention with it. that by en-
couraging a system of emigration, to he ex' polished
along the line, by throwing the lands open to actual
settlers, it would soon become a populated coun-
try. These other considerations, however, are
merely incidental, and may be adopted by Con-' the docket.
Stress or not. All he asks is permission to estab- ! "" —
]ish a telegraphic line from the Mississippi valley, ,
where the wires now terminate, to the Pacific
ocean, and to be protected by this lino of military '
Mr. SHIELDS. I will pursue that course. Ii
accordingly now report a bill for the relief of
Richard M. Bouton, George Wright, and the wid-
ow of Marvin W. Fisher
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
bill introduced.
Mr. BADGER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend and to extend the provisions of an act,
approved July 29, 1846, and entitled "An act in
relation to the payment of claims;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
mail service on the ohio and missis-
sippi rivers.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which I did not give formal notice: but, I
think, that, from my own remarks, and those of
other Senators, the other'day, sufficient notice was
given of my intention to introduce it. It is a bill
to establish mail lines on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to obtain leave to introduce the bill now,
notice not having been given.
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and the bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask that the bill may have
its second reading now, with a view to reference;
and I wish that it may be read through for the
information of the Senate.
The bill was read a second time.
It proposes that the Postmaster General be re-
quired to establish lines of mail service on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, from Louisville, Ken-
tucky, and from St. Louis, Missouri, to New
Orleans, Louisiana, in proper connection with the
lines now in operation on the Ohio river above
Louisville and on the Cumberland river; and cause
the mails to be carried on those lines once a day;
and that the service thus required be procured in
the same way, and in conformity with the general
laws and regulations of the PostOiHce Department,
fiom the lowest and bestbidder, by contract, after
advertisement made and published in the Regular
and usual manner.
It was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
united states district courts.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. M. P. fillmoke, his
Secretary, announcing that he had signed the en-
rolled bill entitled "An act amendatory of the act
entitled • An act to provide for holding the courts
of the United States in case of the sickness or
other disability of the judses of the district courts,'
approved July 29th, 1850."
bill passed.
The engrossed bill, entitled "An act for ilie relief
of James Jones," was read a third time and passed.
bills from the house.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
i sentatives, were severally read a first and second
tune by their titles, and referred to their nppro-
j pnate committees, as follows:
! To the Committee on Pensions:
| A bill for the relief of Isaac Cobb;
'■ A bill for the relief of William Dweliy;
! A bill for the relief of Catherine Clark;
j A bill for the relief of Jacob Shade;
: A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Dudley:
i A bill for the relief of George Cnssady:
! A bill for the relief of John Htzen;
• A bill for the relief of David Murphy, of Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt, of New
| York;
i A bill to increase the pension of Henry Click,
I of Cocke county, Tennessee;
1 A bill for the relief of B. B. Bennett; and
A hill for the relief of Maurice K. Simons,
i To the Committee on Private Land Claims:
1 A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jeremiah
I Wingate;
A bill for the relief of Ira Baldwin;
. A hill for the relief of Robert Nelson;
; A bill for the relief of the heira of William
j McFarland; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Semoice, a
j friendly Creek Indian.
i To the Committee on Military Affairs:
j A bill for the relief of Sergeant Leonard Skinner.
| To the Committee on Naval Affaire:
1 A bill for the relief of James A. Fawns; and
