1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
a single witness. Oftentimes these witnesses are
in a distant part of the State, old and infirm, and
the bnird sit in the city of San Francisco; so
that it was utterly impossible to bring witnesses
from the greater portion of the State, in order to
have their testimony taken.
The amendment to which I allude obviates that
difficulty, by authorizing the taking of depositions,
by interrogatories filed, jnany portionof the State,
before any person who is authorized by the laws
of the State to administer oaths. It is of the greatest
importance, in my judgment, that that provision
of the bii! should be passed at once, in order to
enable the board of commissioners to facilitate the
business of adjusting these claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. GKYEll. I ask that the last amendment
be reserved, and that the question be taken sepa-
rately upon it.
Mr. FELCFT. I ask also that the amendment
made to the sixth section, as reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole, as to the salary of the assist-
ant law agent, be reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such is the
pleasure of the Senate, the question on those
amendments will be reserved.
Mr. PRATT. There is one section in the bill, !
as reported by the committee, to which I ask the |
attention of my friends from California, ft strikes |
me that it would be extremely injudicious to adopt j
the principle which is contained in the section to
which I allude. Under the original act, testimony I
c.onld only be taken before one of the commis-
sioners. The land in California either belongs to
the United States, or it belongs to individuals.
For the protection of the United States, it was pro-
vided in the original act, that testimony, in refer-
ence to the title to private claims, should only be
taken before one of the commissioners. The bill,
as reported by the committee, proposes to alter the
original act, by allowing testimony to be taken in
the country, before any one authorized to adminis-
ter an oath—before a justice of the peace, a notary
public, or anybody else—upon interrogatories filed
by the claimant.
Now, suppose a case arises. A valuable terri-
tory is in question. It belongs to the United
States, unless it belongs to some private claimant.
The private claimant, instead of taking his testi-
mony, as the original law provided, before the
officers appointed by the United States, is author-
ized by this bill, if it passes, to go before some
justice of the peace, file his interrogatories, and
the United States will not be represented, unless
it be upon interrogatories filed. Theanswers taken
m this way before these magistrates, are to be re-
turned as evidence of the title of these private
individuals. 1 apprehend a great deal of evil will
result to the United States from this course of ex-
amination. The Government, in nine cases out
of ten, will not be represented at all; and this will
put it in the power of private claimants to collect
only such testimony as may be collected to cor-
roborate their own claim, which will be deter-
mined in this way. There will not ordinarily be
any cross-interrogufrories filed at all. There will
be no examination with regard to the credibility
of witnesses, and the United States will not be
protected at all by the clause which has been
adopted. I therefore ask that the vote be taken
separately on that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest that it would be better to take the
question on each amendment separately; and then
Senators can discuss each as it comes up.
Several Senators. Agreed!
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, as the second, third, and fourth sections,
were concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was read, as follows:
Src. 5 Jind be it further enacted, That the board of
com-nis^ioiieisfor the ascertaining and settling the said pri-
vate land claims may authorize and direct the clerks of the
said board to superintend the Uiking of depositions to be
u«<;d before the said hoard whenever the law agent or as-
sistant agent cannot attend the taking thereof. The said
board, upon the application of any claimant, or of the law
agent, under this act and the act of which this is amend-
atoiy, may direct a commission to issue to take depositions
before any officer authorized by the laws of California to
administer oaths; in all which eases written interrogatories
shall be filed before said board at least forty daj% before the
time fixed for taking said depositions; and cross-interrog-
atories if desired, shall bf1 filed before said board Within
twenty days after the filing of the aforesaid interrogatories.
Tiie dcpo-jtioiK tnus taken shall be carefully sealed up,
and transmitted bv the officer taking the same, to the see-
retaiy of the said board."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m this amendment.
Mr. PRATT. T*hat is the section to which
my objection obtains. I notice, from the reading
of it, that there is an additional objection to it,
which I did not urge before.- By the original act,
there was a law officer of the Government who
was to'take this testimony—who was to be pres-
ent, in ortJer to examine and cross-examine wit-
nesses who were to be produced on the part of the
private claimants. Now, the amendment pro-
poses to alter the act of 1851 by substituting any
one of the clerks of the board m place of the law
agent of the Government. That is an additional
objection, it seems to me, to the one which I urged
a short time ago. The act of 1851 was intended
to protect the Government, first, by the a'ppoint-
ment of a law agent, who should be the law officer
of the Government, to conduct this examination;
secondly, that the examination itself should be
taken before the commissioners appointed by the
Government of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. i resident, I confess I
have not been able to discover the force of the
objection urged by the honorable Senator from
Maryland against the fifth section of the bill, un-
less it be admitted that a man is much more apt
to commit perjury in the State courts than in tne
Federal courts. 1 cannot discover tlrfere is any
force in his argument, unless it be admitted that
this board of commissioners, being Federal offi-
cers, have the power to administer an oath in such
a way that a man would not be so apt to commit
peijury as if that oath were administered by one
of the State judges. Now, what is there in the
amendment? It is simply a proposition that this
testimony, which is to be introduced before the
board of land commissioners, shall betaken under
oath—thatall thesolemnities which the law usually
imposes upon human testimony shall be imposed
upon that upon which the commissioners are called
to adjudicate these claims. Under the old law
there is a provision that the testimony shall be
taken before the board of commissioners, or some
member thereof, in the presence of the law agent.
The effect of that provision was, that you could
only take one deposition at a time, because there
being but one law agent, he was compelled to be
present at the taking of the whole testimony.
Oftentimes ten, and in some cases, to my own
knowledge, fifteen days were consumed in the
taking of a single deposition. If they were to go
on in that way under the old law, I venture the
prediction that it would take at least fifteen years
to pass upon the land titles which have been al-
ready presented to the board.
The object of this amendment which is pro-
posed by the Committee on Public Lands, is sim-
ply to authorize the taking of testimony before
any tribunal authorized by the laws of the State
of California to administer oaths. The section
provides that the law agent or assistant law agent—
for you create one under this bill—shall be present
at the taking of these depositions; or, in the dis-
cretion of the board of commissioners, one of the
clerks may be authorized to superintend the taking
of that testimony. What is the objection to that?
If this bill passes, there will be a law agent and
assistant law agent. There are already five clerks.
Any one of these clerks may be deputized by the
board of commissioners to attend before any per-
son authorized to take testimony in any portion
of the State of California.
I apprehend that these land commissioners,
looking to the interests of the General Govern-
ment, will take care to send the law agent, or as-
sistant law agent, or some competent person, to
take the testimony, wherever testimony is to be
taken which is material in the adjudication of a
claim. Suppose a claim be presented—and there
are many of them—from the county of San Diego,
the extreme southern county of the State, portions
of it lying at a distance of eight hundred miles
from San Francisco, where the board of commis-
sioners meet. Suppose there are witnesses in that
section of the State, whose testimony is important
only to prove the possession of the property on
the part of the claimant, or some other matter,
which is not very material as to the title. That
witness maybe an old or infirm peison, and it
may be utterly impossiblefor the claimant to get
him up to the city of San Francisco, where the
land commissioners are in session, and that claim-
ant must then necessarily be deprived of the ben-
efit of this testimony. Now, is there any justice
in that? If there be an officer in that portion of
California—in San Diego county—who is au-
thorized to administer oaths, wherefore, I ask,
is there any impropriety in filing: interrogatories,
and cross-interrogatories before the board of com-
missioners, and ordering that testimony to be
taken ?
The Senator from Maryland says that the ob-
ject of the original provision was to guard against
perjury. You can guard against perjury as well
by cequiring the party to swear before the local
authorities as before the Federal authorities. I
know that all the profession who have been en-
gaged in this business in the city of San Francisco,
have petitioned for this very amendment which is
now proposed by the Committee on Public Lands.
1 have seen a memorial, signed by every one of
the counsel who are now engaged in the prosecu-
tion of these claims before the board of land
commissioners, and signed, also, by the law
agent, calling upon this Government so to amend
the law as to make the act of 1851 a practicable
one. From my own knowledge of the transaction
of business before the board, I may well say that,
unless this amendment be made to the law—if you
continue to take the depositions under the act of
1851, fifteen or twenty years will be necessarily
consumed m the adjustment of these land claims.
Of course, it is to the interest, not only of the Fed-
eral Government, but of the State Government,
that all questions connected with the title to lands
m California, should be settled as speedily as pos-
sible. It is to the interest of the Government; it
is to the interest of the emigrant, who is daily set-
tling on these lands, which may be owned by pri-
vate claimants. It is, therefore, in order to facili-
tate the settlement of these claims—in order that
these questions may be decided at once, that it be-
comes necessary to authorize depositions to be
taken in some other way than that provided by
the old law.
 Mr, GWIN. I am not opposed to this section
of the bill, but I think it proper that I should ex-
plain why the act of 3d of March, 1851, is sup-
posed- to have proved deficient, and requires the
amendment proposed. It was expected, when
that law passed, that the board of commissioners
would go through the country; that they would
go where these land claims were. The first thing
which they did when they got to California, was
to decide that they would remain at San Fran-
cisco, inasmuch as the Government had not made
any provision to pay their expenses for holding
sessions of the board in various portions of the
State.
The delegation of the State applied to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and have finally obtained
an order for the commissioners to go from point
' to point, to accommodate the land claimants, as
they should, and no doubt would have, done at
first, but for the unwise economy of the last Con-
gress in failing to allow the necessary expenses of
| the board. It was proposed as an amendment to
the act of the 3d of March, 1851, by a Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] no longer a mem-
ber of this body, that the board should be required
to hold sessions at various specified points m the
State; but I looked upon it so much as a matter
of course that the President would require them
to hold their sessions where the claims were, that
I opposed the amendment. I did not think it pos-
sible that any board of commissioners would come
to any other conclusion but that they were to
travel through the country wherever the claims
were; but it seems that the present board did come
to another conclusion, and it was with gre$t diffi-
culty we could get an order for them to go from
one part of the State to another. The former
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] proposed an
amendment to the act above referred to, making it
the duty of the board of commissioners to sit at
San Diego, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Mon-
terey, San Jose, Sonoma, and other places, and
take testimony; but that was notagreed to by the
Senate for the reasons above stated. I presumed,
at that time, that the President would conceive
this to be the duty of the commissioners, and
issue orders accordingly. They have not traveled
