74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 11,
individuals have taken a large amount of stock in |
the work. And now we ask Congress to do for j
us what they have so frequently done for other !
States. We ask you to give us alternate sections
of the public lands, through which our road will
pass, for six miles on each side of the road, to aid
us m our enterprise This is not a proposition to
take money out of the Treasury. If it was I
would not advocate it. The effect of the proposi-
tion will be, in my opinion, to increase the revenues
of the Government. And why? Because the
alternate sections reserved by the United States
are not to be sold for less than,two dollars and a
half per acre. .Now they are liable to entry at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre. So that
you will receive as much, at least, from the public
lands if this grant be made, as you will receive
if it fail. Do gentlemen fear that the value of the
public domain will not be enhanced by our road?
let me beg them to look at our condition, at our
soil, as fertile as any in the world; at our situation,
possessing none but the most expensive and tardy
means of reaching a market, and then to reflect on
the effect which similar roads have had elsewhere.
No such work has ever been made even through the
most densely settled sections, which luis not great-
ly enhanced the real estate in its neighborhood.
How much greater enhancement of lands must
follow the construction of a railroad through such
a section as northern Missouri. It is now occupied
by some three hundred thousand people; it is capable
of sustaining a population of several millions.
The making a railway through it will pour immi-
grants into it until every foot of land shall be occu-
pied and improved. Its citizens now need mills,
schools, churches, and many of the comforts of
life. A railroad will secure to them all these ad-
vantages at one and the same time. In view of
these facts, it is a most stubborn skepticism which
doubts that the construction of the Vlannibal and
Saint Joseph railroad will appreciate the lands
near it twofold or more. That appreciation will
not be confined to the lands within six miles of
the road. It will extend to lands even fifteen and
twenty miles from it. Public lands that are not
worth fifty cents an acre will readily bring the
minimum price. Lands that soldiers will not lo-
cate with their warrants wdl be eagerly sought for
this purpose, and the income of the Government
from the public lands will be greatly augmented.
This is not fancy. During the last Congress mil-
lions of acres of public lands were given to soldiers,
it was confidently predicted here and elsewhere that
for many years we would, in consequence of the
military grants, receive no money from the public
lands*, and yet we find that our revenues from that
source have greatly increased within the last year,
and arc still rapidly increasing. Why is this?
Solely because numerous railroads arc projected
in tho new States through the public domain.
Some of these roads are now constructing. Thev
have so largely appreciated the public lands that
millions of ucros are now bought which until re-
cently were a drug in the market. This fact, and
this alone, explains why it is that the receipts
from the public lands have increased, notwith-
standing the bounty act of the last Congress
and the immense emigration which has recently
gone from the Western States to Orcgofi and Cal-
ifornia.
There is another piece of history in connection
with this matfer, to which I must refer gentlemen
of the committee. The only acts granting lands
to new Stales, besides the Illinois grant of 1850,
in which the price of the alternate sections reserved
by Government was doubled, are those relating to
certain lands in Ohio. The amount of those re-
served sections is 259,423.06 acres, of which, up
to the 30th of September last, nearly one half had
been sold for two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
No returns have been received as yet from the
lands reserved by the grant of the last Congress to
the State of Illinois. But the case of the Ohio
grant shows that the doubling of the price of the
alternate-sections reserved to the United States in
internal improvement grants is not a nullity. It
is a reality which secures the Government from all
loss.
I uust it will be borne in mind, that under the
acts granting land to soldiers, warrants can be
located only on land subject to private entry.
Now, all the lands in northern Missouri are sub-
ject to private entry, and have been for sixteen
years and more. Whatever, therefore, adds to the
value of these lands is for the benefit of soldiers j
having landwarrants, whether in Maine, Virginia, ;
or Texas. So that the Hannibal and St. Joseph :
railroad grant is not only recommended by its j
intrinsic merits, but by the tendency it will have
to benefit a laige and most meritorious class of our .
citizens who are scattered all over the Union. j
What is the extentof the grant I ask? I ana able '
to answer this question from official documents. |
The whole amount of public lands within six miles i
of each side of the proposed route of the Hannibal |
and St. Joseph railroad was, on the 11th day of
April, 1847, 640,362 acres. A portionof these :
lands has passed into private hands since that .
time. All of them have been subject to private 1
entry for many years—most of them sixteen ye&rs -
and upwards—so that they have been culled over i
and over again, and rejected as wortK less than !
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre. The j
most that Missouri can receive by the grant I ask 1
is 320,181 acres of refuse land. She would^ not :
probably receive more than 250,000 acres if the :
grant should pass to-day. And in return for that, '
she not only engages to construct a railroad which '
wdl enhance your pubhedonmin two or three times -
as much as this grant will amount to, but to carry j
your troops and munitions of war over the road
free of all charge forever, and to transport your
mails at such prices as you shall prescribe.
When Missouri came into the Union, the Fed-
eral Government required her to promise not to
tax the public lands within her limits " for the
term of five years from and after the day of sale." j
In consideration oi this promise, the United States j
agreed to pay to the State of Missouri five per :
cent, of the net proceeds of the sale of lands lying |
within her limits, of which three fifths was to be i
applied to purposes of internal improvements by
her Legislature; and " the other two fifths m de-
fraying, under the direction of Congress, the ex-
penses to be incurred m the making of a road or
roads, canal or canals, leading to the said State."
In order to discharge a public debt, the United !
States have grunted some 70,000,000or bO,000,000 i
acres of land to those who have been in our mili- j
tury service in a time of war. A large amount of j
those lands has been located in Missouri, and i
more will be located there still. Those lands not |
being disposed of by this Government for money, ■
the State of Missouri receives nothing for exempt- '
ing them from taxation. The strict letter of the -
compact does not, perhaps, entitle her to anything.
Rut surely a fair and liberal spirit on the part !
of the United States will give Missouri some
equivalent for not taxing the lands within her i
limits which have been and will be located by mill- j
tary wairants. Missouri supposed that she was
to receive a valuable consideration for her agree- ,
ment not to tax the public lands " for the term of ■
five years from and after the day of sale." The
United Stales so understood it. JSow, suppose all !
the public domain m Missouri should be absorbed
by land wairants, what would she receive for not ;
taxing the lands of this Government? Nothing, '
absolutely nothing. And would that be a fair and '
bona fide execution of her compact with the Uni- \
ted States on the pari of the latter? On the con- i
trary, would not the United States be obnoxious ,
to the charge of " paltering in a double sense'" of '
keeping 4< the word of promise to our ear and '
breaking it to our hope''''
Missouri does not ask that the kind given to sol- |
diers should be treated absolutely as laud sold for j
cash. All she asks is, that inasmuch as the policy
of granting bounty land is for the benefit of citizens J
of every State, each State shall bear its proportion ,j
of whatever expense and burden that policy costs. '
Missouri is willing to give up a pait of her three
per cent., but she does not think she should be re-
quired to relinquish all. And it appears to me !
that this Government cannot discharge the equita-
ble demands of Missouri on better terms to the 1
nation than by making the grant I am urging.
When Missouri makes a road through the land 1
of her citizens, the landed proprietors benefited by :
the work are compelled to pay their share towards j
its construction, in the form of taxes. As the j
value of their land is increased, their taxes are :
increased also. Now, this Government is a great ,
landed proprietor, and owns large domains m the j
State of Missouri, Is it right, ia it just, is it fair, i
under these circumstances, that while private indi- !
viduals are compelled to pay for improvements :
which add to the value of their estates, the Federal [
Government should receive precisely the same
benefits and not contribute one dollar? Let gen-
tlemen from the old States revolve this matter in
their minds, and I am sure they will dismiss some
of the opposition winch they manifest towards
donations of lands to the new States.
It should be borne in mind that all the new
States receive five per cent, of the net proceeds of
the sales of the puhiic lands within their limits*
for the purposes of internal improvements, except
Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio. They re-
ceive but three per cent, for that object, the other
two per cent, being retained in the Treasury for
constructing, under the direction of Congress, a
road or roads, a canal or canals, leading towards
the limits of the enumerated States. It should
also be remembeied, that this portion of the public
lands is not given to the new States as a gratuity.
It is given in return fur the non-taxation of the
public domain for a term of " five years from and
after the day of sale." This arrangement has
never been a favorite with the new States. It
originated with Congress, and was forced upon
the Western States as a condition to their admis-
sion into the Union. From the statement just
made, it will be perceived that Missouri, Illinois,
Indiana, and Ohio, stand on precisely the same
grounds,'so far as their compacts with the United
States are concerned. But how different, how
widely different, is the treatment which Congress
has meted out to them. In Ohio $2,812,034 21
have been expended on the Cumberland road. In
Indiana #1,128,289 50, and in Illinois s742,445 30
have been spent on the same work. In Missouri
not one single cent has been expended by this
Government on any like enterprise. Besides this,
Ohio has received upwards of eleven hundred
thousand acres of public land for the purpose of
internal improvements. Indiana has received up-
wards of fourteen hundred thousand acres, and
Illinois has received upwards of three millions of
acres for canals and railroads. Missouri has
received nothing. Why this difference in the
policy of Congress towards these four States? Is
not Missouri faithful in the discharge of her duties
to the Union? Is she not upright in her engage-
ments with her sisters? Is she not worthy of
membership m this Confederacy? I have never
heard any such charges made against Missouri,
and I trust that the neglect of Congress has been
unintentional. There is certainly no equity in
treating Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois with marked
kindness, while you turn away from Missouri as
from a step-child.
It is, however, objected, that the grants of land
to the new States for the purposes of internal im-
provement are injurious to the old States. In what
way? I inquire. It has been shown that those
grants do not diminish the revenues of the country,
but largely increase them. They diifuse the com-
forts and conveniences of life into many a habita-
tion and family that are now cheerless. They
spread education and intelligence. They build up
school-houses and churches, and they bring into
communion and friendly intercourse distant parts
of the Republic. Surely there is nothing in all
this of which any member of the Union ought to
complain.
But if the policy of granting land to the new
States for railroad purposes is to stop, let justice
be done to both sections of the Union. Hereto-
fore those grants have been confined almost exclu-
sively to the free States. Let Missouri, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and other Southern States be placed
upon an equal footing with Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, before you refuse all grants. To stop be-
fore this is done would give color, at least, to the
charge sometimes made, that the majority of this
House cannot and v. ill not do justice to the South-
ern part of the Union.
T-he old States should not overlook the fact that
thpytt^ve received all the unappropriated lands
whicn were within their limits at the date of the
Revolution. Massachusetts and Maine, even at
this moment, possess a large domain that is undis-
posed of. Now all of those lands were acquired
by the common blood and treasure of the nation.
The lands of Maine and Virginia and Georgia,
which were unappropriated at the time of our
Revolution, were as much the common acquisition
of the whole Union, as the public lands in any of
the Western States. But the old States, I reiter-
ate, received every foot of unappropriated land
within their limits. And yet when a new State asks
