986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
from the circuit court of the county of Washing-
ton to the criminal court of said county and Dis-
trict., .by Henry May, of the Baltimore bar. He
prefers charges against the circuit court in the Dis-
trict. I -move a reference of the petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
- Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object.
Mr: LETCHER objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Walsh] asks leave to introduce a me-
morial, that it may be referred.
Mr. KING'-, of New York. Having made this
statement, the gentleman from Maryland can pre-
sent it under the. rule.
Mr. WALSH. Having obtained my main
wish, to bring to the notice of the House the char-
acter of the paper, and to present it openly, I will
now file it under the rule.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 have been instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, to submit a
report of a bill which came from the Senate. It
-wHl give rise to no debate, and my object is, to
have it made the special order at some early day.
Mr. OLDS objected.
Mr. DANIEL. I wish simply to suggest to
the House, as we have not had reports for a great
■while, and as there are a great many on hand,
that we may, by general consent, be permitted to
receive reports during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] suggests, that the House
proceed to a reception of reports from committees.
Mr. SACICETT. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair, whether the morning hour will begin
until we are through with the privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will not
commence until the privileged question is disposed
of.
A Member. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Cluiir has again and
again stated that the business first in order, is the
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill pro-
viding for discipline m the Navy was defeated,
and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Will it be in oider to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will not; the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] claiming the floor,
and being upon it. If that gentleman will yield
for such a purpose, such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to consume any
unnecessary amount of time in the discussion of
this (juestion. Had the debate upon it the other day
been of a d liferent, and m my judgment, of a leijiti
mate character, I would not have said anything.
I adopted such a course on that occasion as 1
thought was quite proper when I asked of the
Committeeon Naval Affairs and the House to per-
mit that question to go over until Thursday then
next, that the bill might be printed, and that mem-
bers might have an opportunity to examine it, so
that we might act understanding^ upon the whole
subject. Succeeding that request, a most remark-
able state of things occurred in this House. Gen-
tlemen who are not membeisof the Naval Com-
mittee took up this question and proclaimed to the
House that they had examined it; and onegentle-
tleman made a speech, and, upon the heel of it,
moved the previous question, and against the re-
quest of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who asked for leave to amend the bill, and
thus forced this House to vote upon it as it was.
Now, I think that a little remarkable in the his-
tory of legislation; and I hope that by this time
the gentleman has become satisfied that, however
much the House are disposed to listen to him, or
any other gentleman who has examined and under-
stands a question, they are not disposed to have a
measure forced upon them without their consent.
We are told, that since flogging had been abol-
ished in the Navy of the United'States, there was
now no power of discipline left, and that the Navy
was afloat upon every sea without any power
whatever to control or discipline the petty officers
and seamen. This was one of the reasons which
was urged upon us for immediate action. The
other one was, that a fleet was about to sail for
Japan, and would sail before Thursday, and it was
indispensable that this hill should be passed, in
order that the fleet might have the advantage of it.
[ shall undertake to show, in a few words, that
neither of these reasons is founded in fact. In
the first place, every piovision of the law of 3800 is
in full force in regard to discipline in the Navy
except that part which authorizes flogging; and if
gentlemen will turn their attention to that subject,
I think that those who desire the most rigid disci-
pline will find their anxiety amply satisfied in that
aw. The third article of that act provides that—
" Any officer, or othei person in the Navv, who shall be
guilty of. oppression, cruelty, fraud, profane swearing,
di unkennes>, or any other scandalous conduct tending to
the destruction of good morals*, shall, it an officer, be
eashieied, or suffer such other punishment as a court-mar-
tial shall adjudge; if a private, shall be put in irons, or
llogjjed at the di^eietiou of the captain, not exceeding twelve
lashes; but if the offence requite severer punishment, he
shall be tried by a court-martial, and suffer sucil punish-
ment as said oouit shall inflict."
Thus we see that under the law of 1800 a cap-
tain still retains the power to, and can of his own
volition, put a man m irons for misconduct; and
by the fourteenth and fifteenth articles it is pro-
vided as follows:
"Art. 14. No officer or private in the Navy shall dis-
obey the lawful orders of his superior officer, or stnke him,
or (haw or offer to draw, or rai-e any weapon against him,
while in the execution ol the duties of his ottace, on pain
of death, or such other punishment as a court-mat tial shall
inflict.
" Art. 15. No person in the Navy shall quarrel with any
other pei>on in the Navy, not use piovokmgor reproachful
words,, ae tuie«, or menaces, on pain of such punishment
as a eouit martial shall adjudge."
In the face of all these provisions which run
from putting a man in irons up to taking his life,
it is said here that there is no power to secure dis-
cipline in the Navy, and gentlemen rise up here
and say, that the fleet which is about to sail for
Japan cannot go without endangering the lives of
the commandeis of the vessels—unless Congress,
in thirty minutes, pass this law. I think i have
shown by the law that this part of the argument
is an error. I learn from the relatives of one of
the officers about to sail upon that same expedi-
tion. that it is not expected it will leave before
June, and he telegraphed some time since for his
wife to come on to New York and stay with him
until that time.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would like
to state, if the gentleman will allow me, that I
was reported as having said, in the debate the other
day, that this expedition was to leave on last
Wednesday. I stated that a part of the expedi-
tion was to leave at that time. I had seen Com-
modore Perry a few days before, and he said he
himself would not leave for a month or more. 1
did not state that the whole expedition was about
to leave. I know that a part will not leave for a
month.
Mr. STUART. Then the argument used upon
that occasion, that unless the bill was passed, it
would be exceedingly difficult to get the law into
the possession of the offlceis of the fleet, so as to
be of any service to them, was groundless, because
if the Commodore was not to leave until the first
of June, nothing would be lost, for he is the man
to have the law. The argument falls to the ground
in any event. I propose to look at this question
for a few minutes in a twofold point of view; first,
as to the power of Congress to pass such law; and
in the next place, as to the policy of passing them, i!
conceding the power. ij
There are several provisions in the Constitu tion !j
oftheUmted States which bear upon this question; ji
and although, sir, I am aware that a difference of 'j
opinion exists among gentlemen in reference to '!
their construction, it is for that very reason I wish J
to put forth my own opinions, and I hope, with 1
all becoming modesty. Yet, sir, I do most re- ,
spectfnlly ask the attention of every member of!1
this House to those provisions, which I think will
induce them, if not to agree with me upon their h
construction, at least to agree with me upon the /
question of policy. The power of Congress to !
make all the necessary regulations in the Consti- ;■
tution is provided for in these words:
"To make rule!? for the government and regulation of the '!
land and naval forces " •!
Then, sir, in reference to the punishment of:
crimes, there are several provisions which, in my i'
judgment, should be looked at with regard to some !;
of the provisions in the bill before us. The first .!
of these provisions is as follows: j'
" The tuai of all cnmes, evreptin cases of impeachment, ']
shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the State jl
I where the said dimes shall have been committed, but when '!
not committed within any State, the tuai shall be at Mich
place or places as the Congress may by law have directed."
By the fifth article of the Amendments to the
Constitution it is provided that—
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or oth-
erwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment oi indict-
ment of a grand jury, exccpt in cases arising in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia, when m actual service in time
of war or public danger."
Now, sir, I know it is said that these words,
"in time of war or public danger >" are limited in
their application to the militia, and that they have
no application to the words u land or naval forces."
But, sir, I submit that by no rule of grammatical
construction can this interpretation prevail; and I
also submit that upon no ground of necessity
ought it to be adopted. We can very readily per-
ceive, Mr. Speaker, that when the Army and the
Navy are engaged in time of war, or great public
danger, infinite difficulties might arise if the civil
power, at the pleasure of all the civil officers au-
thorized to exercise it, might send process into the
Army and Navy to be executed, and thus inter-
fere with and embarrass the movements and the
discipline of that Army or Navy, which the Con-
stitution and laws have placed under the direction
of the President of the United States and the sub-
ordinate officers. But let me ask, if in time of
peace a regiment of soldiers is stationed at Detroit,
or at any other post within the United States, and
one of the soldiers composing that regiment com-
mits an infamous crime, in the language of the
Constitution, what reason, what public necessity
is there for deciding that that crime should not be
tried by the civil authorities? Sir, there is none.
And I say, if this were a new question, and if
there had been no enactments under it, I should
insist, and insist with confidence, that the trial for
a crime committed within the United States, or
within any of the States, would not be by a court-
martial, and could not be disposed of in any other
way than that pointed out by the Constitution.
But, sir, if we are not estopped by the Constitu-
tion from this sort of legislation, let us look at the
necessity. For fifty years, sir, this law has been
in force, to which I have just called the attention
of the House, and there has been nothing sub-
tracted from it at the end of half a century,
excepting the power to flog. Now, I ask by what
process of reasoning, by what evidence of facts,
are gentlemen authorized to come in here and
assert, that the taking away of that power to flog
has destroyed all discipline in the Navy, and left
it afloat at the mercy of the men ?
It has been said, sir, that those who object to
the restoration of that power, and those who ob-
ject to some provisions still more enormous, are
exercising a sickly sentimentality, and that it is
of the same character as that which sympathizes
and mourns over the fate,of the culprit in all cases.
Mr. Speaker, I shall never be deterred from pro-
priety of action here on account of any such charge
as that; and if you will show me a man, sir, who
has no sympathy whatever with his fellow-creature,
let his misfortunes be what they may, you will
show me a man with whom I do not desire" to asso-
ciate. My idea of the enforcement of the law is,
to enforce it with feeling, with sympathy, and with
mercy. It is enforced as a stern, imperative duty;
and I should fear a man upon the bench of any
court in this Union, more than I should fear the
most ferocious of beasts in the forest, who was
administering the law.with feelings of vengeance,
destitute of sympathy. This argument, sir, that
our Navy cannot exist, that now floats upon every
sea, and that it is to be at the mercy of pirates, in
the persons of your own sailors, if flogging is not
leestabhshed, or some other punishment equally
enormous, is a stereotyped argument. Oceans of
crocodile tears have been shed in times gone by,
whenever the Legislature has attempted to move
one inch from barbarity. Who does not remem-
ber, sir, that in every State where the attempt to
abolish imprisonment for debt has been made, that
it was denounced as but another means for de-
stroying all the property and credit in the world ?
You could collect no debts; every man would turn
scoundrel; every man in the community would be
a monster in human shape, an arrant villain, if
you did not retain the power to incarcerate him in
prison, because he could not pay his debts.
1 trust, sir, that the men who used that descrip-
tion of argument, by this time will have become
ashamed of it. So, also, in States where the ex-
