1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
periment has been tried of abolishing capital pun-
ishment, the very same argument has been used;
and yet facts will clearly show, where the trial has
been made a sufficient length of time, that crime,
so far from being increased by that act, if it is
affected by itat alt, (butin my judgment it is not,)
is decreased. You may go through the whole
list, sir, and I say, and repeat it again, you can-
not find a single instance where the Legislature
has sought to progress from barbarity, and strike
out some provision of punishment, incident to
savage life only, when there have not been men
enough to rise up and say that rum would be the
inevitable consequence of such an act. But, as I
said before, all this will not deter me; for so long
as this statute contains within it the power to pun-
ish men, even unto taking their lives for disre-
gard of duty in the Navy, I shall treat all those
cries of impending necessity as being cries founded
upon something other than necessity. And now,
sir, as to the question of policy. What does this
bill propose to do? Why, sir, it proposes to con-
fer upon a single man—and I call the particular
attention of the House to the importance of this—
it proposes to confer upon a single man the power
to be accuser, witness, judge, and executioner, at
his own pleasure; and upon what plan?
If we were now about to pass a law to confer
that power, in civil cases, upon any man, what
would be the character of the man we should select
to carry it out? If we were about to enact a law,
clothing any man with that power in civil juris-
prudence, what manner of man should we select,
to confer this authority upon? I say, sir, that we
should inquire, throughout this Union, for the
wisest and purest man living; but in this case, it
is proposed to confer that power upon a man in
the Navy? who is a man of accident—a man who
comes up to a position, not from merit, but by
regular gradation. You give such a man the power
to be accuser, witness, and executioner; you give
him the power to place his fellow-man in double-
irons for thirty days, on bread and water, if he
can get the surgeon, who is also under his own
power and authority, to certify that, in his opinion,
the man can survive the enormity. Now, I do not
know but I shall vote for such a provision as that;
but it will be under some stronger and stranger
argument than any I have heard yet. The gen-
tleman from Noith Carolina, now occupying the
chair, announced to the House, the other day,
that he did not intend to help the members who
had defeated this bill out of their difficulties. 1
am obliged to the gentleman, as much as if he had
expressed his intention to help us out, if we weie
in any difficulty. If I had voted for such a bill as
this; if I had voted against the protest of the chair-
man of the committee, who wanted to amend it, I
might think myself placed in some difficulty; but,
so Ion? as I voted against it—and for such as I
conceive to be good reasons—I do not apprehend
myself in any difficulty at all. I do not feel that
there is any difficulty at all, and, therefore, I do
not ask any gentleman to help me out of it. But,
as I said before, while it will be found by those
who will take the poms to make the acquaintance
of all the gentlemen in this House, that they are
as intelligent, as courteous, and as prudent a set
of men as ever assembled upon this floor, it will
also be found that they are as independent; that
they act upon their own opinions, and while they
will oblige you in any courteous; application for
your benefit, or that of your State, or locality,
they will never be flattered or dragooned into any
measure that does not meet their individual appro-
bation.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Vev-
ablf] remarked, that in his State, a justice of the
peace had the power to send an individual to pris-
on, and, in some cases, to put him in the stocks;
and that whenever he did that, all the people said
" Amen." Upon an occasion, sir, when some-
thing was said about putting all things under the
feet, the Apostle said: " It is manifest that he is
excepted who putteth all things under his feet"—
or substantially that, sir.
Now, sir, I suppose in the Old North State,
when a man was put in the stocks, and all the
people cried Amen, it was equally manifest that he
was excepted who was so put into the stocks.
Now, although I do not admire the logic any more
than the taste, which brings forward an argument
to show that law is necessary here because it pre-
vails in a State; and although I cannot indorse it,
yet I must be permitted to say that this is only a
verification of that declauuiou of wisdom winch
wc find incorporated m the Deciaiation of Inde-
pendence, that " mankind are disposed to sutler,
while evils are sutferable, rather than to right
themselves by abolishing the forms to which they
are accustomed."
Sir, if you were to go into the State to which I
belong, and propose, as a member of the Legisla-
ture, a law conferring upon the highest judicial
power of the State authority to place a man in the
stocks, and then go home and ask to be voted for
for reelection, you could not find a man who
would either vote for you or respect you; and yet
I consider that that argument is not of very much
value here.
Now, sir, not belonging to that class of men
who think it best to have all temples pulled down,
i propose to suggest where I think the remedy in
this case should begin. I make it as a suggestion,
not because I hope that Congress,at this day, will
cairy it out, but because I hope that Congress
will this day begin to carry into the Navy of the
United Stales that species of wise humanity which,
at no distant day, will elevate it to the standard
that it ought to occupy.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
told us that our sailors are made up of all the jail-
biidsand scape-graces of the woild, and that to
suppose that such men .could be kept in order
without whaling them, and ironing them, was a
supposition not only bordering upon the ridicu-
lous, but was the very sublimity of ridiculous-
ness.
Now, sir, is it supposed that we are to continue
a policy which brings into our Navy all the scape-
graces, jail-birds, robbers, and pnates in the
world, to pay those men their wages out of the
Treasury of the United States, and then pay our
officers for spending iheir^time in flogging, and
ironing, and starving them ? In my judgment it is
much wiser to pursue a policy which will rid the
Navy of that kind of men—to strike at this evil
at its very foundation. And as a means—so far
as my humble judgment goes—and i intend, as I :
said before, not to impose it upon this House in i
anything but a very modest form—I would raise I
the wages of our sailors to a point which will se-
cure American citizens. "When you bring into
the seivice of the Navy; of the United States
American citizens, you will find what you found
when you brought your volunteers into the war
with Mexico—you will find a man who has a
character at stake, a man who has pride, who has
personal respect, and a man who will not only
discharge his duty in time of peace, but will fight
as long as he finds himself alive, when there is an
That is the
d strike at the
system by which men hold office in the Navy.
Instead of bunging a man up in all cases by grade,
I would elevate him by merit; instead of keeping
men in the service, with no power on earth to get
rid of them, who have no busuiess there, I wouid
provide means for quietly sliding such men out of
the way as are worse than useless. Gue the
power of selection; let our ships be commanded
by wise, skillful, prudent, humane men; let our
sailors be composed of such men as you would
employ yourself in your own business, and you
will have no necessity for flogging a man, or dou-
ble-ironmg him, or keeping him on bread and
water for thirty days. These are my views, in
brief, upon this subject.
Now, sir, I understand that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] intends to otfer a sub-
stitute for tiiis bill: and although it does not come
up to my views of what ou^ht to be done, I shail
have no "difficulty in supporting it If I correctly
understand it, it is better than the law of 1800, to
which I have called the attention of the House.
It is more humane. It takes from the bill which
is now before us, those aibitiary powers in the
hands of a single man—that man, as I said, se-
lected by accident, and not for merit, to wield
those powers, and like the law of 1&00, lea\es
them in the hands of courts mattial. On this
point I concur entuely with the gentleman from
Virginia. I expressed myself so the other day,
and I cannot let gentlemen hereplace me in a false
position. I am willing now, to-day, to vote to
reconsider the vote by winch this bill was defeated,
and to give the House—so far as my vote goes—
the fullest opportunity to proceed upon the con-
enemy to be fought in time of war.
point to strike at~ Then, sir, 1 woul
sideration of this subject, carefully. I am willing
to make all necessaiy concessions to support, as
far as the little power which I possess goes, a bill
which shall give as complete disciplined the Navy
as it is possible to give, until the suggestions which
I have made shall be carried out, and you reach
this evil at its very foundation; fori am willing to^
venture a prediction to-day, that this evil never
will be overcome until you take measures to se-
cure such men as need no flogging, because they'
have character and self-respect to take care of, and
sustain.
Now, sir, in illustration of the point which* I
am now upon, thegentleman from Maryland [Mr,
Evans] very happily, historically, but very unfoi-
tunately for his argument, told us that the men
who fought on boaid the "Constitution" were
officers—that the crew was chiefly made up of
officers. Mr. Speaker, that is the reason why
that glorious victory was-won. Do you suppose
that if, instead of that sort ofa crew,jail bndsfroni
ail God's creation had composed it, that action
could have been thus brilliantly fought and won?
No, sir, experience comes in to sustain the theory
that if you are to have an efficient Navy,it must
be a high-minded and an honorable Nav-y.
Now, sir, there is another thing that found ifs
way into this hill, and constituted not only one of
the emergencies, hut probably constituted the only
emergency for pressing it through the House un-
der the power of the previous question, and en-
deavoring to force it down our throats, and that
is the pension provision in it. And, sir, it is'a
little remarkable to me, that certain gentlemen
could have so miraculously changed their tone of
argument. One wouid havesupposed, when those
gentlemen were taunting us with entertaining "a
sickly sentimentality," that they constituted that
portion of mankind so accurately described in the
psalm:
<l Who know what's rijrht, nor only so,
But always piacnce what they know." -
And yet they turned around upon us in an in-
stant, and told us that it was monstrous that we
should object to paying the poor sailor, after he
had been twenty years'in the service, and placing
him on the pension hst. Now, I do not know
why a man should be pensioned for the length of
time he has been in service. We have got no
such principle in our law of pensions. We have
never yet adopted any such principle, and 1 can
see no reason why we should. We give men pen-
sions who have been injured in the service in
health, or limb, or both. Men enter the Navy at
fifteen years old; they stay twenty years, and if
their health is good, they are in the very prime of
life; and yet you propose to gne them pensions.
You propose, also, to give them three months'ex-
tra pay. Well, 1 do not object to that, if you can-
not do better. I would rather give the men extra
pay eveiy month, for the purpose, as I said be-
fore, of securing the veiy best men. But if that
cannot be done, I will give the man extra pay who
has done well, and behaved himself in the service
of the Navy of the United States.
But I ask, again, for what reason—upon what
principle of public policy—will you pension a man
simply in regard to the time he has been in the
service, without any regard to his necessity ? Sir,
in my judgment, there is no reason, and it only
goes to show whttt mere quackery in legislation
will sometimes lead gentlemen to propose. In-
stead of striking at the root of this evil—instead
of cutting this thing up from the bottom, and pla-
cing men in the service who ha\e reputation and
character sufficient to induce them to behave them-
selves, you propose to spend your time m ham-
mering,* heating, and bruizing a part, and putting
the rest on pensions.
Now, sir, having done all 1 desired to do; having
stated briefly the reasons which induced my
opposition to this bill, and why I think there is
no immediate, pressing necessity for anything that
is temporary and partial in its character, I propose
to leave the subject, with a simple declaration,
which is, that there is an existing necessity for
conferring somew here, upon some committee—and
I think it most properly belongs to the Committee
on Naval Affairs—not only the power, but impos-
ing upon them the duty, to revise and remodel the
whole system connected with the discipline, rank,
place, and pension, in the Navy: to sweep from it
all that does not belong there: to provide for rais-
ing up offieeis of merit, and for turning out those
