76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo. 11,
h&ve not derived the benefit which they had a
right to expect from this canal. They permitted
their interests to he entangled with private incor-
porations. What is the result? The Wabash
Canal has been transferred to speculators, and is
not now owned or controlled by the State. The
consequence is, their canal is rendered almost val-
ueless. I have seen whole fleets of canal boats
stuck in the mud in consequence of bad manage-
ment since the State has lost the control over it.
I will now give way to the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. DUNHAM. I dislike very much to take
up the time of the committee in the discussion of
this question. But I deem it due to this body,
that I should correct the assertions made by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] in relation
to the grants of Congress to the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. The grants to
which the gentleman refers, were applied by the
State of Indiana in good faith to the improvement
for which they were designed, and that work re-
mained entirely under the control of the State
until after a considerable portion of it was com-
pleted. But, unfortunately, the State of Indiana,
like other States, became involved to some extent
in her exertions to develop her immense resources,
and for the purpose of paying off those debts, she
conveyed the work (the Wabash and Erie Canal)
to her creditors, together with the lands then un-
applied, until the income arising from the canal
and from those lands should relieve her from those
liabilities, or she should choose to redeem them
by herself paying off these liabilities. She has not
entirely relinquished her control over the canal or
the lands.
I should like to ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sweetskr] this question: What is the dif-
ference in principle between granting public lands
to a State to be applied by her directly to her
works of internal improvements, or granting them
to hwr in such a way that she may, if in her
sovereign wisdom who should deem it to her in-
terest to do so, invest them in the stock of an
incorporate company, which shall apply them in
the construction of such works within her bordeis
and for the benefit of her commerce and the con-
venience of her citizens, and thereby aid said
companies m constructing such works ? I ask if
the gentleman's skill in political economy cannot
discover any advantage in the expenditure of public
money for works of internal improvement, more
than simply the percentage which the stock in-
vested may yield to the stockholders? Sir, my
notions of political economy go beyond this. I
apprehend that a State may derive advantage, not
only from the percentage that may be derived
from dividends, but she may also receive advan-
tage from the improvement which those works
may yield to that Stale in all the ways which the
gentleman from Missouji, [Mr. Hall,] in his
speech this morning, so ably enumerated—the,
improvement in her society, m the development of
her resources, the improvement in her agricultural
products, and in her commerce, and not only in
the commerce of the State, but the commerce of
the Union. But I desire also to allude to another
thing.
Mr. SWEETSER. I beg to remind the gen-
tleman that I only yielded for explanation, not for
him to make a speech.
Mr. DUNH A A1. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon;
I thought he had concluded his remarks. I am
sorry I have detained the gentleman so long.
Mr. SWEETSER, (resuming.) The gentle-
man cannot suppose that J am going into the
question, to the full extent which he has suggested.
1 have a distinct object, and when that is cllected
I shnll take my seat. But I will answer the gen-
tleman's question. I had no intention of doing
injustice to the sister State of Indiana. Her humili-
ation in the ar.t to which I hnve alluded is sufficient
for her, and it is not for me to augment her mis-
fortunes or commit any act of unkindness to that
fertile and promising State.
But I will not stop in my argument here; I ap-
peal not only to the State of Indiana, but to the
other States of this Union, for proof that the prin-
ciple I have maintained is sanctioned by their ex-
perience. I have endeavored to enforce upon this
House the danger of tiusting the public property
and the public money in the hands of corporations
which are controlled by private individuals. T ask
gentlemen to determine the question, whether it is
not better that the public lands which are to be
given to the States should be under the State
control? I can appeal to the experience of the
great State of New York in corroboration of the
position I have assumed, as well as to the State
of Ohio, which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent on this floor.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Ohio is certainly under a great misapprehen-
sion as to what I propose. My proposition is to
grant land to the State of Missouri, not for the pur-
pose of aiding a private corporation, but-. 
Mr. SWEETSER. I understand the gentle-
man's position perfectly. I think I shall not mis-
represent him.
I| Mr. HALL. Well, I will say this to the gen-
I tleman: if the bill which I have had the honor to
introduce this morning is not sufficiently guarded
j in its phraseology, to prevent the land from being
I squandered or passing into the hands of a private
corporation, 1 ask him to suggest any amendment i
he may think proper, and I will adopt it. We want
the land for the benefit of the State, and I desire
as much as he does that it shall not go into the
hands of a private corporation.
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio allow me the floor but for one mo-
ment?
Mr. SWEETSER. Certainly.
Mr. DUNHAM. I cannot allow the gentle-
man's remark about the humiliation of my State
to pass without at least an answer.
If it is a humiliation to the State which I have
the honor in part to represent upon this floor, to
avail herself of the means which she honestly
possessed for the purpose of paying her just debts,
it, is a humiliation of which I feel proud. After
the United Stales had granted her this land for
purposes of improvement, she did not diveit them
fiom the objcct for which they were granted; but
while she appropriated them to that object, she has
also paid her own debts, so that instead of its be-
ing a subject of humiliation, it is one of which
every citizen of the State ought to be proud, and
one of which the State is proud.
Mr. SWEETSKR. My honorable friend will
pardon me, 1 did not intend to place him or his
State m a false position. But 1 submit this ques-
tion to him: ] Las not the business of the canal to
which I have alluded been impeded, in the manner
which I ha\e stated, week after week, in conse-
quence of the canal having been sold into the hands
of a private corporation ?
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 will answertliegentleman.
Is it not belter the Slate should have received even
these imperfect advantages, than to have received
none at all? or is this a greater humiliation than
I that her debt shoukNiave gone unpaid? That is
| the answer I make; and besides, that work is not
I in the hands of a piivalo coipoiation, but it is
; under the control of trustees, part appointed by
' the creditors of the Slate and part by the State, so
! that the interests of both parties are provided for
' and protected; and I will further add, that the work
I is at least as we!! conducted now as it was when
' under the sole control of the State, and affords as
I ample facilities for our commerce.
Mr. SWEETSER. Thegentlemanhas the full
benefit of his answer. It is not my object in ma-
king these remarks to oppose any particular bill.
M y objection is to the whole class and to the prin-
ciple involved. I do not propose to go into the
details of the bill of my honorable friend [Mr.
at this time. I am speaking of general
; principles which, in my judgment, should control
1 the action of this House in relation to the whole
i class.
j Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I have no doubt
I the gentleman will give his active support to my
; bill.
| Mr. SWEETSER. When my honorable friend
I interrupted me, I was proceeding to remark upon
1 the policy of several States upon this subject of
internal improvements. New York was one of
the first to embark in these enterprises, and hav-
ing carried them to a length beyond that of any
other State, a short time since, in a convention
callcd for the purpose of amending her constitu-
tion, she inserted a provision, as a part of her or-
ganic law, prohibiting her Legislature from raising
a single dollar by taxation, to be invested in any
corporation whatever. That is the policy of the
great Staie of New York; a policy which has been
forced upon her by such dire necessities that she
has made it a part of her organic law. Ohio, too,
has had some experience in4this matter, and in a
convention recently held in that State for the pur-
pose of remodeling her constitution, a provision
was adopted similar to that of New York. I do
not believe there is a State in this Union which
is so deeply interested in relation to these subjects
as the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent. I speak from what I know in relation to
this matter. Representing, as I do, the centre of that
State, I know peifectly well the responsibility I
take upon myself in opposing some of these meas-
ures in relation to granting public lands. I have no
desire to oppose the plans of the gentleman from
Missouri, except upon the principles stated.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I have no plans.
All I desire is, that while Congress has done justice
to one State it should not refuse to do justice to
another.
Mr. SWEETSER,'(resuming.) I maintain that
where grants of land have been made by Con-
gress to Western States, they have uniformly
been made for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of works already projected by and
owned by the State. They have not been appro-
priated for the aid of private corporations. I
know that this system of giving away these lands
for works of internal improvement has become
quite popular in this House. Gentlemen will
recollect that during the last Congress one of the
strongest arguments used against the bounty land
bill was, that it would destroy this land system.
It was said it would destroy the prospect of ob-
taining these lands in aid of these works of im-
provement. I desire now for a moment to call
the attention of the committee to the bill passed
by the last Congress appropriating lands for the
construction of a railroad in Illinois. Gentlemen
will recollect that the bill was passed at a time
when this House and the country were excitcd to
a degree which forbade its receiving that discussion
and deliberation which it should have had. But
for those circumstances that bill would never have
passed Congress. It never would have received
my vote; and had I been present when it was
under consideration, I should have raised my
voice in opposition to it.
I repeat, that whenever a State comes forward
and asks an act of Congress granting the right of
way for a State work, or a railroad through the
public domain t the State concedes the point that
the proposed road or canal is a private enterprise,
under the control of a corporation, for the reason
that if it is a State work, no such legislation is
necessary. If alternate sections are wanted, then
the object is to obtain the public lands in aid of
private incorporations. The right of way is a
mere pretext. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Ham,] will pardon me when I say, that be-
fore he attempts to force his conclusions upon thg
House, it is his duty to prove that it is necessary
for a State to obtain an act of Congress granting
the right of way over the public lands, which I
deny.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I have no doubt in
the world that the assent of Congress is abso-
lutely necessary before a State can make a rail-
road through the public, domain. There is no
question about it. If we have the right to take
the public domain for making a railroad, we have
the right to take it as individual property; we
have the right to take just as much as we require
for public purposes.
Mr. SWEETSER, (resuming) I think the
gentleman is in error in relation to this matter.
We are at issue upon the legal proposition.
The people desire that some disposition should
be made of these public lands. My honorable
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] will excuse
me when I allude to him. The bill he reported
to this House upon yesterday will meet with
public<favor, and shall have my cordial support.
I hope this Congress will not adjourn until it
passes that bill, or one imbodying its principles.
It will he a matter of public justice, not only to
the new States but to the old States of this Union.
It will open up to the people of New England—
those men who have been reared upon a barren
and sterile soil—an object, an inducement to emi-
grate to a more congenial climate and locality
better suited to the purposes of life. Sir, I shall
go with my honorable friend from Tennessee in
this matter, and I hope, when a proper occasion
shall present itself, to be able to lay before this
