1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
upon the previous question. Having withdrawn
it, I do not intend to make a speech in advocacy
of the passage of this bill. I believe it to be so
plain a proposition, that it needs no discussion,
and, therefore, I shall not discuss the measure,
leaving it in the hands of the House to do with it
as .they please.
Mr. OLDS. I am afraid, if thegentleman turns
that bill loose upon the House, that it might in-
jure some of us very much, and therefore I call
the previous question. [Laughter.]
Mr. PERKINS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ojld&] to allow me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. OLDS. I think a sense of duty compels
me to insist upon my motion.
Mr. PERKINS. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. JENKINS. As the friends of the bill re-
fuse the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Perkins,} 1 move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. BISSELL. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GA YLORD. Will it be in order to move
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, the
previous question having been demanded, and a
proposition having been made to lay upon the
table.
Mr. BISSELL called for tellers upon his de-
mand for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Polk,
were appointed; and on a count, there appeared,
ayes 33.
So the ye*s and nays were ordered.
Mr. AVERETT. Being unable to hear from
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] I rise
for the purpose of inquiring whether the friends
of this bill have refused to" strike out that clause
which gives the unlimited ris;ht to take timber and
stone, to keep the road in repair ?
Mr. BISSELL. 1 would reply if I may have
the privilege- 
Mr. DEAN. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order, the
question being to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I do not propose to debate
the bill. Will not the Chair hear what I design
to say ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot do so
without a direct violation of the rules, and he is
called upon by half a dozen gentlemen to enforce
them.
Mr. BISSELL. T wished to nsk the Chair
what was the question m order, and what was not
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to state that which he has twice done; and he will
repeat for the third time, if gentlemen will permit
him: The motion pending is to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to ask permission of
the House to answer the question of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Aviuiett.]
Mr. DEAN. I object, unless others can speak
also.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Deav,] and a half a dozen others,
called the gentleman to order when the proposition
was first made.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I trust, if this be the
case, that the proposition to lay the bill upon the
table will be voted down.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair.
[Cries of 44 Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise a
point of order?
Mr. SACKETT. T am not certain whether it
is a question of order or not. I wish to ask a
question of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
By unanimous consent alone can the gentleman
propound his interrogatory,
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jen-
kins's motion to lay the bill upon the table, and
there were—yeas 68, nays 78, us follows:
YEAS—Me-sr*. Allison. William Appleton, Averett,
Babcock. Bartlett, Beale, nibigliaus, Bowie, John H. Rovd,
Breckinridge, George H. Brown, Buel. Rurrow^, Burt, Jo-
seph Cable, Caldwell, Chandler, Cnapman, Chastain,
Deau, Dimmick, Edmundsou, Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler,
ThomasJ. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings,Goodenovv, Ham-
ilton, [sham G. Harris, Htllyer, Horslord, John W. Howe,
Tiios. Y. How, fves, Jenkins, D. T.Jones, Geo. G. King,
Preston King, Kuhns. Kuitz, Letcher, Maun, Martin, Ma-
son, McLanabau, MoNair, Morehead, Murray, Newton,
Pea lee, Perkins, Powell, Reed, Robbing Robie, Skelton,
Smart, Stanly, Abraham P. Stephens, Tiiaddeus Stevens,
Sutheiland, Thuiaton, Towuahend, Veuable, Washburn,
arid Wtldnck—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Bell, Bissell, Bragg, Brcn-
ton, Buggs Busby, Thompson Campbell, Oaftter, Church-
we!l, Chngman, Cobb, Conger, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawaon, Disney, Duncan, Eastman, Fitch, Florence,
Freeman, Heniy M. Fuller, Gamble, Gieen, Grey, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Houston, Howard, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, James John-
son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.Jones,
Landry, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Meade,
Miller, Mitlson, Molony, John Moore. Murphy, Andrew
Phi ker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Permi'iium, Phelps, Polk,
Riddle, Robinson, Savage, Schermerhorn, Oiigeu S. Sey-
mour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, Taylor, Tuck, Walsh, Ward,
Watkius, Welch, Add-on Wlute, Alexander WJiite, Wil-
cox, Woodward, and Yates—78.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was read through, as follows:
Be it enacted, 4"c., That the right of way shall bp, and is
hereby, granted to all rail and plank road companies that are
now, or that may by chartei'-d hereafter, over and through
any of the public lauds of the United States, ovei which
any mi! or plank road, authorized by an act of the Genera!
Assembly ot the respective States in which public lands
may he Mtuated; and the said company or companies are
heieby authorized to Miivey and work through the said pub-
he Kind-, to be held by the'm for the track of said road, one
bundled feet in width; and, furthermore, an additional
quantity ot' fi!ty feet in width on each aide of said road or
loads along the s-aiue.
Sec. 2. Am I be it further enacted, That the said com-
pany or companies shall have the right to take fro in the
pubhe lands, in the vicinity of said road or loads, all Mich
materials ot earth, stone, or wood, as may be neee.-j-ary or
convenient fioin tune to time, lot the actual constiuetiori
and repair of niuI road or toads, or anvparr thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thar there shall be,
and i.-heieby, gianted to said company or companies all
iH'C.'s.-aty sale*, lor vvateiing place-,dep t*, and woi k-s-ltops
along the line of s>aid road or roads, so far a- the places r on-
vement fin the same may fall upon the public huid>: Pro-
vider/, That no one depot or watering place shall contain
overlive square acres, and : hat said site?, s-hall notbf nearer
to each other than ten miles along the line or lines of
said road or road : Provided Jin ther, That the said grants
herein contained, as well as ot the use of the public hinds
as of the materials for the. construction of said road or
roads, shall cease and determine, unless the road oi road- be
begun within five years, andeompf ted within liftecn years
thereafter: And provided, mjivorrr, That if any road, at
any tune after its completion, be discontinued or abandoned
by said company or companies, the grants hereby made shall
eeaf-e ami determine, and .-aid InrnU hereby gi anted revert
back to the Ueneial Government.
Mr. OLDS. There seems to be much dissatis-
faction at the call for the previous question; and,
not wishing to exclude any amendment that may
be proposed to the bill, I withdraw that call.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, for I believe the bill is as
valuable without it.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will not be
in order until the amendment now before the body
has been disposed of.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, I announce my pur-
pose to make that motion at the proper time.
Mr. PERKINS. I havean amendment to offer,
which, I think, will now come in at the proper
place.
Mr. SACKETT. Is the first section of the bill
under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It is. Does the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Perkins] propose an
amendment to the first section ?
Mr. PERKINS. I do, sir. I propose to amend
the first section of the bill, as follows:
To strike out all after the woid " width,'' line twelve, sec-
tion one, to the end of the section, and add: Proiidcd,
That in case where deep excavation, or heavy embank-
ment is required for the giade of such road, then at such
places a greater width may be taken by such company, if
necessary, not exceeding, in the whole, two hundred teei.
Mr. STUART. I desire, sir, to offer a substi-
tute for that bill.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order; but
the original bill will still be open to amendment.
Mr. STUART. I understand that; but I wish
to propose the following substitute for the bill: to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
That whenever m any of the Territories or States in
which the public lands at e situated, the route of any rail-
road authorized by authority ofsaid State or Terntoiy,
shall lead tluough any of the public lands of the United
States remaining unsold, the Secretary of tiie Interior shall
t>e, and lie is hereby> empowered to authorize the company
constructing the same, to survey and mark for that purpose
through such lands, the track ofsuch railroad, with severity-
live teet of land m width on each side of the center theteof.
And the route ot such road shall be designated and marked
on the ground by plain landmarks, and a copy of the notes
of suivey and a plat thereof, with a descuption of such
landmarks, shall be returned to the office of the Secretary
of the fntenor withm such time as he shall designate; and,
upon the approval ol the  ame by «aid Secretary.jthe land so
designated shall be set apart and held for the use of such
company for the route of such railroad and the fixtures ap-
purtenant thereto ; and the public land intersected by the
same shall thereafter be sold subject to the rights granted by
this act; and a copy ol the survey and plat aforesaid shall
also be filed in the proper local land office by such com-
pany, before any rights under thN act phall vest in them.
Sec. 2. And be it further eiuuted, That the giants pro-
vided for in this act, and all rights and puvilejies secured
thereby, shall cease and determine, unless the road in each
case be begun within one year, and completed wit'om ten
years after the approval aforesaid : arid it the said road or
roads shall at any time before ot alter its completion he dis-
continued or abandoned by said company, the grants here-
by made, and all rights and privileges hereby secured, shall
cease and detennine.
Mr. STUART. That substitute merely pro-
poses to give the right of way through the Gov-
ernment lands, one hundred and fifty feet wide.
It provides for surveys to be made, and returned „
to the office of the Secietary of the Interior; and
when so returned, and acquiesced in by him, then
these lands over which the road passes are to be
withdrawn from sale, and the balance of the land
is to be sold, subject to this right of way. It con-
fers no right to take timber, materials, stone, or
anything else; and whenever the company or State
ceases to use the right of way for the purposes in-
dicated by the grant, the land reverts to the Gen-
eral Government. Now, sir, that is all we ask;
and if the House is disposed to adopt that, so far
as I am concerned, I shall be abundantly satisfied.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
say what I a«k for?
Mr. STUART. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COBB. The bill which the Committee on
Public Lands reported, and which has been
amended to the satisfaction of almost every gen-
tleman m this body, is such a bill as no Congress
that I have been a member of, has ever refused to
a State. We have precedent after precedent upon
the books, where they have passed such bills
granting exactly such privileges to the different
States as is proposed to be granted by this bill;
and now, if this House is not willing to give a
general bill of a similar nature, I shall not ask for
any bill. I shall vote against the proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] It
is no proposition at all. It is a burlesque upon
us to grant simply a right of way. We have
already a right of way through our State.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I rose a moment ago, and made a motion to strike
out the second section. The Speaker pronounced
the motion out of order, for the reason that the
bill might be perfected first. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart' rises, and moves a sub-
stitute for the whole bill—a proposition which is
still a subordinate one to the motion I made. I
ask if the gentleman is in order?
The SPEAKER. That is very true. The prop-
osition immediately before the body is the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Perkins.]
Mr. CARTTER. Then the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Siuart] is not m order.
The SPEAKER. It is proper to entertain his
proposition; but it is also true that the bill may be
perfected by amendment before the gentleman's
substitute can come up as in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it not necessary that his
motion should be in order to give him the privilege
of the door? That is the question I wish to raise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it has been
the custom to allow gentlemen to state briefly the
contents of a proposed substitute, but the ques-
tion immediately before the body is the amend-
ment proposed to the first section of the original
bill.
Mr. STUART. I propose, sir, to modify the
substitute I offered, so as to make it cover plank
roads also.
The SPEAKER. That modification will be
made.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. I wish to call the
attention of the House, and the gentleman from
Michigan, for a moment to the character of the
amendment which he has proposed.
Mr. COBB. Will my colleague allow me to
make one suggestion ?
