990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
now of the original Senate bill, which passed that
body at the last session of Confess—that gave
authority to the commanding officer, to punish by
solitary or other confinement. 1 do not deem that
necessary, because my friend from Michigan [Mr.
StuartJ lias already well shown tnat these pow-
ers are at this time within the discretion of the
commanding officer. The power to impose extra
police and other duty, I omit, because that also is
with the commanding officer at the present time.
The right to withhold permission to leave the ship
on liberty is also given to the captain by the exist-
ing law.
I do not, then, by this substitute, confer upon
the commanding officer, any additional power,
or rather the powers specifically mentioned here,
because, in point of fact, it would not except
in two cases, be conferring any new authority
upon him, and in these cases I confess I am un-
willing to give Inm any such power, and that is
the power to dimmish the rations ot the sailor,
and to resuict his diet to bread and water. I
prefer to leave the commanding officer to the
exercise of the authority vested in him, as my |
friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has so clearly |
shown by the act of 1800; and 1 will not consume ,
the tune of the House by repeating his argument, 1
although I had brought the book with me for |
that purpose. By the articles of war adopted in
18U0, he has all this authority already, and the
difference between that authority so conferred in
general terms by the act of 1800, and the special
authority proposed to be conferred by this bill is j
this, that where this power is now exercised by j
the commanding officer to put the sailor in solitary ;
confinement, or m irons, it is exercised at his own j
peril, and upon his responsibility to the military ;
and civil tribunals of the country. I prefer to 1
leave the power so guarded and restrained. \
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 understand |
the gentleman to say, that the power now exer- j
cised by an officer is under responsibility to the j
civil tribunals of the country ! j
Mr. MILLSON. Unquestionably. ;
Mr. STANTON. That is unquestionably true, i
I ask if the exercise of power given by this bill
would not be precisely under the same responsi-
bility?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly not-, and I will
state the reasons.
Mr. STANTON. The power now given to a
commander of a ship to confine in irons is given
by law. This bill does nothing more.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will pardon
me, but this bill does a great deal more. The
power given by the articles of war passed in 3800
confers a general authority upon a commanding
officer to confine his men. Thegemleman agrees
with me in the opinion that he exercises that power
with due ie«pon«ibihty to the civil and military tri-
bunals of the country; but where authority is given,
as proposed by this bill, to adjudicate a crime and
inflict a specific punishment by confinement not
exceeding three months, on bread and water, and
in double-irons, then I say that there is an express
limitation of the power; and the officer, if he does
not transcend these prescribed limits, is not liable
to any other jurisdiction, even if it can be shown
that he has erred in his sentence. He is not liable
to any other jurisdiction for indicting a punish-
ment that is within the prescribed tin nation, and
which he deems nepessary for the punishment of
the offense. There is a clear distinction between
the two cases. So long as you confer upon any
officer in the Navy the right to inquire and deter-
mine whether a man is guilty—a right to inquire
and determine whether his punishment shall be
solitary confinement, not exceeding thirty days—
then 1 say, if he does not exceed the prescribed
limits, he is not amenable to any other jurisdic-
tion; because, if he has erred, it is only an error of
judgment, for which he is not responsible to any
court upon earth.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman 
Mr. MILLSON. I would be glad to hear my
friend, but I have vsome few observations to make
in reference to another part of the bill, which i
would not like to be deprived of the opportunity
of discussing. My remaining tune will only allow
me t<> cail the attention of the House to another
frninie in the bill, to which, as I undeixrand,
there weie veiy general objections, at least among
those who voted against the bill—and that is, the
power conferred by it to give the sailor after a ser-
vice ot twenty years, a pension of half-pay lor hie,
1 omit that provision in the bill altogether, I omit
it, not from any indisposition to provide for the
wants of the sailor—not because i am unwilling to
secure to the veteran tar those rewards which, alter
a life of hard service, he may deserve—but because
I believe that the passage of that section of the bill
might really operate todeprive him of many privi-
leges which he enjoys at this time. There is no
necessity for it at all. 1 have here a copy of the
regulations for the United States Naval Asylum.
The first article of the existing regulations pro-
vides that " it is the object of the asylum to pro-
* vide a comfortable home for disabled and decrepit
'naval officers, seamen, and marines, who may
'be worthy beneficiaries of the country." The
third article secures admission to such as may
produce evidence of twenty years'service in the
Navy. The seventh article provides an allowance
of three dollais per month for clothing; and the
eighth and ninth secure additional allowances,
amounting in some cases to th tee dollars per month,
for pocket-money.
I need not read the whole of these articles. Suf-
fice it to say, that under existing regulations of
the Navy Department, any sailor who stands in
need of these benefits, and who has served twenty
years faithfully, is entiled to admission into the
Naval Asylum. What need of any further pro-
vision upon that subject? It does not secure him
half pay for the residue of his life, but it secures
him a subsistence, and supplies him with a sufficient
sum to purchase his clothing, and gives him money
besides, for his reasonable and ordinary expenses.
What need is there of giving half-pay to a sailor
who is supported and clothed by the Government,
and who has no occasion, or ought to have none,
for spending money m^ny other way ?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 will state to the gentle-
man that the law, or rule, governing the admission
of seamen into the Naval Asylum has been changed
within a year or two. A very short time ago, the
time of service was fixed for fifteen years, and a
person who had been in the naval service of the
United States was, after fifteen years' service, en-
titled to admission in the Naval Asylum. I sup-
pose that the regulations which the gentleman
reads from are not the last.
Mr. MILLSON. They are.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will state for the gentle-
man 's information 
Mr. MILLSON. I have only a few minutes
left- 
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish but a moment or
two, in order to correct the gentleman. There is
very great complaint, whether reasonable or not,
i cannot say, as to the regulations that have been
made by the superintending power of the Naval
Asylum. They have been changed, and may be
again, unless fixed by law, and other changes may
extend the time of seivice to forty years. I pre-
sume the gentleman was not acquainted with the
fact that changes had been made. I felt it my
duty to state what 1 have.
iVIr. MILLSON. 1 am perfectly acquainted
with the fact stated by the gentleman, that these
regulations are not fixed by law. I have exam-
ined the statutes with express reference to that
subject. I will stote to the gentleman that I ob-
tained these ) emulations from the Secretary of the
Navy, who handed them to me, that I might know
what the existing regulations were for admission
into the Naval Asylum. They are dated the 1st
of July, 1851, and signed by Mr. Graham. I say
that these regulations now give to all sailors who
have served twenty years, and require the aid of
the Government, the privilegeof entering the naval
asylum, where they are furnished with clothing,
and have all their reasonable wants supplied. I
think these piovisions are enough. The bill
which was rejected the other day, could not oper-
ate advantageously to the sailor until after a period
of twenty years, because it only provides for the
admission of the sailor into the Naval Asylum after
he shall have served twenty years, with good-con-
duct discharges. According to that provision in
the bill, therefore, he could never have been ad-
mitted at all until after the lapse of twenty years,
and lie would have been obliged to fail hack upon
the regulations of the Depaitment until aiter the
lapse of twenty years.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no regulation for
continuing him there; for there have been, during
this" winter, two sailors turned out to the cold
charities of the world, and if it had not been for
the extraordinary exertions made to get one of
them back—as only one was got hack—he would
have been an inmate of the alms-house. He was
between sixty and seventy years of age. I state
that fact to show the necessity of some enactment
by which the sailor may be secured in his snug
harbor.
j\£r MILLSON. The gentleman must recol-
lect that the same abuses might exist under the
system proposed; for if, in the course of twenty
yeats, one single good-conduct discharge should
be refused by the commanding officer to a meri-
torious sailor, it would as effectually exclude him
from the Naval Asylum, under the law proposed,
as any abuse under the old system.
I have only to say, in conclusion, that the sub-
stitute which I propose to offer, provides for se-
curing to the commanding officers of the Navy all
the authority which the present law confers upon
them. 1 think it adequate to the suppression of
such offenses as do not require investigation be-
fore either a general or a summary court-martial.
Large latitude is allowed to commanding officers;
much discretion is already iriven to them, and I
do not wish, therefore, to add to that authority;
but, at the same time, I have not thought it at all
proper to take it from them.
Mr. BOCOCK next obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia who now has the floor, as I
ha-ve no doubt the members of the House desire to
see the substitute printed, whether it would not be
better to postpone the further consideration of this
bill for the present—say till to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. A motion to commit would
keep the bill from going over.
Mr. MILLSON. I have sent my substitute to
the Clerk's table for the purpose of having it read;
but if it is the pleasure of the House to postpone
the further consideration of the subject, of course
I acquiesce.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to be heard in rela-
tion to the bill now under consideration before the
House, as passed by the Senate and reported to
the House by the Committee on Naval Affairs;
but the particular time at which I shall be heard is
not an important matter to me, so it be as speedily
as possible. 1 wish to reply to the arguments
which have been presented by my colleague, [Mr.
Mili.son,"j and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman, if he is not particular about
the time, that he should move to refer the bill to
the Naval Committee, and then move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It would then come up in the morning as the un-
finished business.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should prefer, for the con-
venience of the House, that the substitute of my
colleague should be printed; and, in order to have
an opportunity of doing that, I now move that the
subject be recommitted to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and that the substitute of my colleague
be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I want to sub-
mit the original bill, m a modified form, as a sub-
stitute for the substitute of the gentleman from
Virginia, and I should like to have it printed also.
The two substitutes were then ordered to be
printed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, the rules were
then suspended,and the House resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, House bill No. 7, being a bill
to encourage agrit ulture,commerce, manufactures,
and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is at the head of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultiva-
tion of the same, for the period herein specified;
upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM addressed the committee an
hour in favor of the principle of providing, out of
the public domain, homesteads for the landless-—
maintaining that such a policy would be not only
