1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18S5
Mr. WHITE. Yes, in a moment. The only
object which can be subserved by the first section
of this amendment, it seems to me, is to secure
the accomplishment of the road, so far at least as
to have it surveyed. That I understand to be
the object—agreeing that this survey should be
made.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama allow the Clerk to report the first amend-
ment in order ?
The Clerk again read Mr. Perkins's amend-
ment, (as inserted above.)
Mr. STUART. I wish to understand of the
Chair what is the condition of the substitute that
I propose ?
The SPEAKER. The substitute has been en-
tered, and it will be taken up after the House has
perfected the bill.
Mr. STUART. My view is this: It is in
order to offer the substitute. The substitute is
pending, but the House has a right to amend the
original bill to suit itself.
The SPEAKER. And there is an amendment
pending to the original bill, which the Chair de-
cides is the first in order.
Mr. STUART. I made the inquiry for this
purpose: a motion for the previous question be-
mg; sustained, would not,- I believe, cut off the
substitute?
The SPEAKER. It would not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. COBB. I will accept the amendment of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Per-
kins.] It is enough for us.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of the
gentleman from Alabama to accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. COBB. 1 know that; but lam merely ex-
pressing my opinion about it.
Mr. CARTTER. I thought the gentleman
from Alabama had let the bill loose upon the
House.
Mr. COCB. Yes, so I did.
Mr. JENKINS. I call for the reading of the
first section of the bill, as it will read if the pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Perkins] is agreed to.
The Clerk then read the first section of the bill
as proposed to be amended.
Mr. JON kS, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
to the friends of th s bill that 1 think it would be
as well to insert after the words " plank roads"
" macadamized turnpikes."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire accept that amendment?
Mr. PERKINS. 1 do not.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to that amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. Well, I offer that as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was agreed to—
ayes 73, noes not counted.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to insert after the
words "macadamized roads," " public roads."
Mr. STUART. I hope, sir, that gentlemen
in this House will not attempt to make a farce of ;t
this matter,and that they wiilnotdetanuhe House jj
upon such propositions as these. Everybody
knows that the States have a right to authorize i;
the laying out of any roads through the public jj
lands, or anywhere else, except roads of the char- .}
acier provided for in this bill; and it is even con- \\
tended by many gentlemen that they possess that jj
authority, anil it is only for the purpose of saving
dispute about jurisdiction that this bill to give a jj
right of way to rail and plank roads through the m
public lands is asked for. 11
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not rise jj
for the purpose of making a speech, but for the J,
• purpose of asking a question. I wish to make an jj
inquiry, whether U is necessary to pass a bill of ,
this description, to give a State the right of way j1
through the public domain? My opinion about !■
that is this: I am not a lawyer, it is true, but ,,
there are some first principles, some general prin-
cinles, that can be understood. I understand, for ;i
instance, th*t the right of eminent domain exists '
in the sovereignty. The State authority of a ,
State is the sovereign power. A State has author- ,
itv to incorporate a company with the privilege of '
making a road. Let me illustrate the point I wish
to present. Here is an individual who owns the ;
soil lying within the limits'of a State, and who is
a non-resident, and here is the Federal Govern-
ment, who owns the soil lying within the limits
of a State, and who is a non-resident. The
question then arises, after the incorporation has
been granted to a company to make a road, have
nol they the power to grant to the company a
right of way through the soil where the fee resides
in the Federal Government the same as th'ey have
where the fee resides in an individual ?
Mr. SACKETT. Can tiiey do that in the case
of an individual, without compensation?
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly so; that is the very
point i was going to speak to. In many of the
constitutions ot the&tates,and in the biUsof rights,
it is provided that property, real or personal, shall j
not be taken or appropriated to the public use
without just compensation being made therefor.
Then, usually in granting this act of incorpora-
tion, the mode of ascertaining the amount of dam-
age is prescribed, and they have a right to set
apart as much of individual property, paying com-
pensation therefor, as the public interest requires.
Then let us place individuals and the Federal Gov-
ernment upon precisely the same ground. If the
Federal Government thinks proper to take the
damages when assessed for the right of way
through the public lauds, let th£ Government re-
ceive it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I want to ask of the gen-
tleman in whom is the right of eminent domain
in the Territories?
Mr. JOHNSON. The right of eminent do-
main m the Territories would be m the Federal
Government, if damage is done to the Govern-
ment, of course compensation would not he asked
for; but so far as the States are concerned, the
question is clem. The right of eminent domain
exists in the sovereignty; hence a State has as
much a right to condemn and set apart for public
use ihe public domain lying within the limits of
the Stale, as it has that of an individual; and if
compensation is to be made, the Federal Govern-
ment is as much entitled to compensation for the
land condemned and set apart lor public use, as |(
an individual is. Let individuals and the Federal jj
Government be placed precisely upon the same j'
footing. I think the bill is wholly unnecessary. ;
\ tlnnk it is supeierogatmn. A State authority J
has this privilege already, and it is not necessary j
to anticipate State legislation, so far as I can per- j
ceive. ■ j
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. If the State au- ■
thority can grant the right to artificial persons, or j
to a corporation to trespass upon the public lands, i
why cannot it make the same grant to natural j
persons? ^ !
Mi. JOHNSON. The State authority has no j
authority to grant the privilege of commuting 1
trespass. That is a different affair. \
Mr. WHI TE. Is cutting down timber and ;
treading upon the grass no trespass? j
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it a trespass, for instance, I
to condemn and set apart so much of individual
land to open up a public, road ? Is that a trespass ? :
Not at all. The gentleman confounds two sepa- ;
rate and distinct principles. One is the origin of :
law, and the other grows out of the soveieigniy ,
itself Both growingout of the sovereignty itself,
but one has its foundation m taw, and the other <
has its existence m sovereignty. The fee i<* in i
one place and the right of eminent domain is m ;
another. The punciples are clear and distinct; 1
and this bill is wholly unnecessary. It is not ne- !
cessary to pass such a law. The States have the I
authority, and if the company want to use public !
lands—if they want timber and other materials,,
let them pay the Government for it upon the prm< 5
ciple that they would have to pay individuals j
for it. 5
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 withdraw my amend- j
ment. - j
The question recurred upon the adoption of the !
amendment as amended, and being put it was de- i
cided m the affirmative.
So theamendment to theamendment was agreed
to. T .
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Is it now in older to
offer an amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires to
amend the fust section, it is in order.
Mr. SUTHERLJRD. I move, then, to amend
the first section by striking out the word " here-
] after" in the fifth line, and inserting after the
word " chartered," in the same line, the words
" ten years hereafter," so as to make it read:
"That the right of way shall be and is hereby granted to
all rail and plank road companies tUat are now or that may
be charteied ten years Kereajter,,y &c.
It seems to me, sir, that the House would be
passing a very bold public measure without much
consideration, if it was to agree to this first sec-
tion as it now stands in the bill. The principle
contained in this first section is, " that the right of
i way shall be and is hereby granted to all rail and
' plank road companies that are now or that may
' be hereafter chartered." When? Two hundied
years hence? The time is not limited. All you
have to do is, to give a company a charter for two
hundred years, or for five thousand years. Sup-
pose you do charter a company for five hundied
years, or for a thousand years now, when you
have public lands, and they locate their road now,
but do not go into operation for two hundred
years, I ask any lawyer in this House what the
rights of that company are through the public
lands?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask the gen-
tleman whether this provision in the third section
does not meet the difficulty, " that the said grants
{ herein contained, as well as of the use of the
' public lands as of the materials for the construc-
4 tion of said road or roads, shall cease and deter-
' mine, unless the road or roads be begun within
'five years and completed within fifteen years
4 thereafter?" ,
Mr. SUTH ERXAND. After what ? After the
charter ?
Mr. DAVIS. Unless they be begun within
five years, and completed within fifteen years from
this ume.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. From the date of this
act ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I had overlooked that
provision. But, sir, it seems to me that it would
be infinitely better to grant these rights of way,
and grant them these privileges as each case
arises.
Sir, in regard to these grants of land to railroads,
and for other purposes, on certain conditions, I
know that we have been making them, and that
those who vote for them think it right to do so;
but 1 say that, in the end, they will throw the
land titles in these new States into inextricable
confusion. I say, and I wish it to be noted, that
within twenty years from this time these iond
States yill most seriously and most solemnly re-
gret every one of the condnions inserted in these
bills. If they do not, 1 will never utter another
sentence in public. If they will strike out every
one of these conditions and convince me that (he
settlement of the country requires these railroads,
1 will vote for their bills; but I never will vote to
grant lands to a State or a corporation, tying them
up with conditions, and confining them in the use
of the lands. I tell you, sir, I tell this House, that
in the end, it will turn out to be the saddest busi-
ness for the new States that they have ever gone
into. I know it from experience. I know enough
of 1 he principles of the common law, and of the
philosophy of the common law, to know that by
this system of granting away lands on conditions
and terms, and by tying them up, you are injuring
yourselves, and that you will regret it forever
hereafter.
If, however, by a subsequent section of the bill
the time is limited, I do not insist on this amend-
ment; but if the House thinks that it is not lim-
ited to five years after the passage of this act, or
| five years after the charter of the company, then
I I insist on my amendment. At all events, it
I would be safer to insert the words of my amend-
[ ment. They can certainly do no harm.
1 Now one word more. I desire to illustrate the
idea I intend to convey by this amendment, and
the question of law which might arise as to what
rights would attach to a company chartered, but
not going into operation. It is perhaps a remnant
of the feudal system; but in the manors in New
York and 111 England at this day, it is quite com-
mon when a man leases a farm, to grant also to
the tenant a right of common. Now, this ques-
tion has been raised in New York, and carried to
our highest courts. Here is a lease given fnrever,
and granting the right of common; the tenant
claims the ri^ht of common, and yet the landlord
has no commons; the tenant claims the right to
