1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
morally right, bat would conduce to the wealth,
the power, and the happiness of the nation at
large. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. WARD here obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. LETCHER, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
[Cries of " No !" " No !" " No !"]
Mr. POLK. 1 demand tellers upon that mo-
tion. I do it out of no discourtesy to the gentle-
man, but there are other members who would like
to speak to-day, if it be not the wish of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to occupy the floor.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion; and upon a division there were ayes
48, noes 38.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committeeaccordmaly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the homestead bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union 1 do it tor the purpose of having
this bill discussed. If we have but one speech
upon this bill each day, we will never reach a
final vote upon it. I do not desire to appear, in
the least, discourteous to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ward] who has obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
esti)  of order 
Mr. POLK. And there are gentleman here
wiio desire to discuss the merits of the question.
Mr. MARSHALL. The motion the gentle-
man makes is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Polk] submit a motion?
Mr. POLK I submit the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. HART demanded the yeas and nays upon !|
that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew his motion. .!
Mr. LETCHER renewed it. i
The yeas and nays were again demanded, but j
not ordered. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman j
who made the motion to adjourn, if he will with- |
draw it until we can refer the bills upon the Speak-
er's table? Thete are important bills there, and j
they ouirht to be referred. |
The SPEAKER. Any debate upon the ques- ;
tion is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with- j
draw his motion, then I wilfmake the motion to
take up the bills upon the Speaker's table. _ :
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from Yir- .
ginia withdraw his motion ? I
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. j
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
The question was then taken, and agreed to—
ayes 58, noes 33. 1
The House then adjourned until to-morrow at '
twelve o'clock, m. <
PETITIONS, &c. I
The following petition1*, memorial?:, &c., were presented ;
undei the rule, and leNuied to the appioprute committer : ■
Ji) Mr. CURT'JS: The petition of sundiy citiz« n< of
Clanon and Jefferson counties, piaym«r tortile establir-h- .
ment of a post loute from Curllsville to Corsica, m Jefferson ,
couutv. '
Aim, the petition of the citizens of Warren eonnty, Penn- 1
gjivania, pta>in«j an uppsopnatjon for the impiovement of
the AHcii'ianv liver.
Al-o, the petition of Fredeuck G Carey, son of Fiedenck ,
Catv>, decea-od, pravins compensation foi vessels cap-
tui.'d b} the French in 1^1. I
\No, the petition ot the citizens of Potter county. Penn- ;
svlvam.u pra\in«« for the u«tal>!Khment of a mail route from ,
Clai.i po>t office to EllMmr?, via OMvavo, m said countv. j
B\ Mi. PARKER, ot Jndtana: The petition ot J. S. Si- :
mmi-o'i, in jel.iiiun to hoises lo.^t m the nulitaij semceof !
the United States. ,
Ii\' Mi. DOTY- Joint resolution- of the Legislature of
Wi-eoiihin, in favor ol an appiopnatiou for a canal aiound
the Saiilt Mano, m Michigan. i
Bv Mr. HARPER: The nieuional of Samuel Patter>on, !
William Sude<on, and 51 othei^, citizens of Guein^ey coun-
ty. ())uo. piaviiiir that the Wheeling and Belmonr bridges |
may he established a< post road?, and permitted to remain (
at their present height. 1
By Mr. EASTMAN: "Resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin, m relation to a ship canal aiound
the Sault Ste. Mane, between Lake Superior and Lake
Huron.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lafayette county, Wis-
consin, for a mail route Irom Shulhburg to Mineral Point.
By Mr. MACE : The remonstiatieeol E. H Halhdayand
65 others, citizens of Lafavette, Indiana, against the exten-
sion ol the Woodworth patent.
By Mr  : The petition of citizens of Northampton,
Fulton county, New York, praying a donation of public
lands, Ste., m aid of the Sackett's Harbor and Saiatoga ilail-
road.
By Mr. MINER: The petition of Abram Drurv, assistant
marshal for thirteenth subdivision, State of Vermont, loi
extra compensation ior taking the Seventh Census
By Mr. CABL12, of Oluo. The petition of the directors
and stockholder of the Steubenville and Indiana Railroad
Company, for a portion of the public lands lor the aid of the
completion of said road.
AUo, the petition ot E. McGuire and 100 other citizens
ofCariollion and vicinity, tor a mail route ironi Carrolltou
to the Wellsville and Cleveland Railroad at Bayard, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 7, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of citizens
of Fayette county, Indiana, praying that the pub- ,]
lie lands may be granted in limited quantities to j
actual settlers not possessed of other lands; which j:
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands. |l
Also, five petitions ofresidents of San Francis- j]
co, California, praying the remission and refund- j|
irig of duties on foreign merchandise destroyed ^
by the great nres in that city in the years 1850 1
and 1651; which were referred to the Committee ;
on Finance. I
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of j
William Moss and Matthew Moss, praying a 1
higher rate of compensation than that allowed
them in consequence of a mistake in their propo- j
sals for carrying the mail; winch was referred to \
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, j
Mr. BRADBURY presented resolutions of the j
Legislaluie of Maine, recommending that the as- j
sistance of the Government be extended to the j
European and North American Railway Com- j
pany; which were ordered to be printed. J
Mr. CASS presented two remonstrances of citi- ;
zens of Detroit, Michigan, against the further
extension of Woodwork's patent for a planing :
machine; which were referred to the Committee on ,
Patents and the Patent Office.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand, and have been
requested to present to the Senate, two petitions
of inhabitants of Pennsylvania—one of them very
numerously signed—for the repeal of the fugitive
slave law. I had intended, in presenting them, to
address some remarks to the Senate as to the
practical operation of that law—as to the board of
official ten "dollar judges, who have been spawned
into existence by it—as to the reptiles in the shape
of attorneys and witnesses that it has called up.
But as the whole subject in relation to all the com-
promise measures will be before the Senate m a
few days, I intend to defer until that time what I
have to say; and let the petitions take the usual
course.
The PRESIDENT. They will lie upon the
table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Gideon Ilotchkiss, praying an extension
ofa patent granted to him for certain improvements
in water-wheels, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second leading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of "Eliza M. Evans, praying to be allowed ■
intereston a sum oi money advanced by her father,
Colonel Anthony Walter White, during the rev-
olutionary war, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Anthony W. White, deceased; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The repoit
was ordered to he printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives fo amend an act entitled
" An act providing for the sale ot certain lands in
the States of Ohio and Michigan ceded by the
Wyandot tribe of Indians, and for other purposes,"
approved 3d March, 1843, reported it back without
amendment t.
He aiso, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of' Repre-
sentatives for the relief of James W. Campbell,
of Pike county, Missouri, reported it back with-
out amendment.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the report accom-
panying the above bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the memorial of Johnston Lykins,
asking the passage of a law giving him the privi-
lege of woikirig, for a limned time, a tin mine
which he had discovered; the petition of J. PI.
Jones; and the memorial of Hannah Dutton,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof; which was agreed to.
&Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on -Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1852, re-
ported the same, with amendments; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Brevet Major H. L. Kendrick, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of John Tucker, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referted the petition of J. Boyd, of Louisiana,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was.ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States in relation to pur-
loining public papers, reported a bill in addition
to the several acts for the punishment of crimes
I against the United States; which was read, and
i pa«?«=ed to the second reading.
| He also, from the same committee, to which
. was referred the memorial of the inhabitants of
: Washington city and county, praying the enact-
1 ment of a law for the punishment of trespasses
! on private property, reported a bill to prevent
, malicious mischief and protect property in the
, District of Columbia; which was read, and passed
to the second reading. ^ .
'i He also, from the same committee, to which
i! was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
; atives for the relief of James Lewis, reported it
back without amendment, and, on his motion, the
i Senate proceeded to its consideration as in Com-
i1 mittee of the Whole; and no amendment being
j1 made, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
h third reading, and was read a third time, and pass-
' ed. The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
;j to nay to James Lewis $316, as witness fees and
il mileage, for attending: the United States district
! court'for the eastern district of Virginia. The
witness was brought from the Sandwich Islands
to Norfolk.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLEMENS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to establish the
. subdivisional lines and corners of cei tain fraction-
al sections in the southern surveying district of
the State of Alabama; which was read a first and
second time by us title, and, with the accompany-
ing documents, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
! Mr. BRADBURY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to introduce a lull to extend the ben-
efits of an act entitled " An act to establish an
I uniform rule of naturalization, and to repeal the
acts heretofore passed on that subject," to the
wives and children of citizens; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
! GUNPOWDER DEPOTS.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to: ■
Retired. That the communicationfrom the °f
War in i elation to the establishment of dep its for thepreaer-
i yauon of gunpowder be printed for tlie useof tfte senais.
