092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
REPORT OF ENGINEER ELLIS ON COAL.
Mr. PRATT submitted th  following resolu-
tion; which wag agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the report ot en-
gineer Ellis, of his test of coals made at the navy-yard m
Washington, in May and June, 1851.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a bill up011 the
table which cannot possibly give rise to question
or debate, i ask the indulgence of the Senate to
take it up at this" time, as I believe there are no
special orders which are to be pressed now. I
move to postpone the previous orders, in order to
take up the bill to release from reservation and
restore to the mass of public lands certain land
in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senate will not
agree to postpone the previous orders, with the
view of taking up that bill. It is not a matter of
much urgency. I would like to avail njyself of
this occasion to make an inquiiy of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings,
whether it is designed at ail early period—-and I
think it ought to have been done before this—to
call up the joint resolution making an appropria-
tion for the extension of the Capitol ? There are
many interests involved in that measure. The
season is passing away when the workmen ought
to be at work. They are men who have come
here on the invitation of the agents of the Govern-
ment, who are out of employment, and ai-e anx-
ious to be again engaged. I very much hope that
the committee may feel it to be their duty to press
upon the Senate at least the consideration of the
subject. I should like to know from the chair-
man, what is the condition of that subject, and
when we may expect him to ask the Senate to
consider it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, but 1 am the only
member of that committee present. I regret to
say that the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. \Viiit-
comb,] who is the chairman of the committee, has
b«en absent some time on account of sickness.
Individually, I feel very anxious that, the joint
resolution referred to should be acted upon at
once. If we are to go on with the work, the sea-
son has now commenced, when we ought to be
engaged in it. It ought to be known whether or
not we are going to continue the work, and I
should be very glad to have the subject considered
to-day, if possible.
Mr. MANGUM. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, with no disposition at all
to inteipose any objection to his bdl, to withdraw
his motion for the present, and allow an opportu-
nity for considering this other question.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope ibat the apportionment
bill, which has been discussed, will not be put
aside for any other. It is a question of great im-
portance, and ought to be acted upon at once. The
whole nation is interested in having the apportion-
ment completed. and 1 hope the bill to which I
have referred will be taken up and disposed of
to-day.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. When I made this mo-
tion, I was not aware that there were any bills of
pressing urgency before the Senate, which would
be interfered with by taking up my bdl. I can
assure the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina, that I shall not press its consideration so as
to interfere with any of the general or special or-
ders, particularly with that in winch he feels so
much interest. If this bill should be taken up,
and should give rise to question or debate, which
1 cannot anticipate, I would postpone its consider-
ation, if it interfered with any other measure. It
seems to me that we are consuming more time in
the discussion of these preliminary questions than
it would require to consider some nf thos" bills.
I hope the gentleman will let me nave my bill taken
up and disposed of to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely rise to suggest, that
perhaps we might come to an agreement to take
up the joint resolution in relation to the Capitol
extension to-morrow. Let the Senator from Ar-
kansas have his bill taken up to-day, and then let
us go on with the apportionment bill, and finish
it before we adjourn. If we could have such an
understanding, I think it would facilitate the prog-
ress of business.
Mr. RHETT. I have no sort of objection to
tho arrangement which the Senator from Virginia
I proposes. Inasmuch as the State of South Caro-
lina is interested in tho apportionment bill, and I
shall be compelled to leave here to-morrow night,
I hope the rule of the Senate will not be departed
from, but that we shall to-day take up the appor-
tionment bill and finish it.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose not to take up the
joint resolution in relation to the Capitol until after
the apportionment bill is diposed of. I ask that
by general consent, the resolution m relation to the
Capitol may be set apart for to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to take up
a specific bill. It has nothing to do with the ex-
tension of the Capitol or the apportionment.
Mr. BRADBURY, I do not desire to interpose
any objection to the wishes of the Senator Iron)
Arkansas; but I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to one fact. It is nearly two months since
a day was fixed for the consiueration of the bill to
Maine is a special order now; and therefore I
hope the Senator will not ask to make it a double
special order.
Mr. SMITH. Is it not competent for the Sen-
ate to fix a precise day for the consideration of
that bill?
Mr. PRESIDENT. When a bill is deferred
to a subsequent day, and made the special order,
! it stands among the special orders, but is not the
1 first. When that day arrives, if there are any
; special orders preceding it, they must first be dis-
! posKl of, before it can be taken up.
j Mr. DAVIS. I beg leave to ask the Chair what
special orders there are before this bill?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill which has been mentioned by the Senator
I from California—being the unfinished business.
\ The next is the bill to establish a na\y-yard and
; depot in the Bay of San Francisco. Tire nextis
the bill to improve the navigation of the Upper
indemnify the sufferers from French spoliations. i| Mississippi. The next is a joint resolution in
-f« <■ . l-n i   - _ 1 ^1 U,. t.-, t li c ruMKit inrr rtf* ill A r At lirna f\f 1 ho Sov-
Many other bills have since been considered by
courtesy. I wish a day fixed for the consideration
of that bill. 1 do not wish to be constantly pre-
senting the subject to the Senate, and having other
matters interpose. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill this morning, for the purpose
of assigning some day—say Monday next—for
its consideration, and allow us to vote on it then
I hope a dav mav be fixed when it shall be con- :! before one o'clock.
. . ^ . ,J . J . , ,, t .1 . .      1 A TT'XJIC'n
relation to the printing of the returns of the Sev-
enth Census. The next is a joint resolution
expressive of the sympathy of Congress with the
Irish exiles. And then the bill to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of the claims of suf-
ferers by French spoliations.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to make this bill
the special order for Monday next, at a quarter
sidered, and that it shall not yield to any other
bill. I only ask the Senate, if they do not feel
disposed to "fix a day for the consideration of the
bill, to give me the yeas and nays. I do not desire
tointerpose any objection to the bill ot' the Sen-
ator from Arkansas; but we have not time, withm
the three or four minutes left before one o'clock,
to consider it.
Air. HUNTER. I shall ask the Senate to take
up the deficiency bill on Monday next, and there-
fore I hope Monday will not be fixed for the con-
sideration of the French spoliation bill.
The PRESIDENT. This constant discussion
about other matters has no relation to the question
before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. This discussion takes more
time than it would to dispose of some of these bills.
Mr. SMITH. I was about to make some re-
marks on the question to which the Senator from
Maine referred.
The PRESIDENT. That has nothing to do
with the subject-matter now before 'the Senate.
The Senator from Maine cannot make the motion
Mr. ATCHISON. I would inquire further,
whether or not it is not competent for the Senate,
now or at any time, to take up that special order
by a majority vote ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then why insist, on fixing
any other day, when it is within the control of
the Senate at any time? There can be no neces-
sity for it. It is not only unnecessary, but worse
than unnecessary.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to
the honorable Senator from Maine, that, by post-
poning the bill to a subsequent day, it throws the
bill behind all the other special orders.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion, and give notice that on Monday nextl shall
propos* to call up that bill, and shall ask the yeas
and nays on the question of taking it up for con-
sideration at that time.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill supplement-
*■""   - - ; - ,1 arv to " An act providing for the taking of the
which he intimated until alter the proposition of ,t , /eTemh Rnd
subsequent censuses of the United
| 4 States, and to fix the number of the members of
■ 4 the House of Representatives, and provide for
' their future apportionment among the several
! 4 States.''' approved 23d May, 1850; the question
1 pending being on the amendment offered by Mr.
i Bradbury.
Mr. RUETT. I have an amendment which I
! presume will be m order, to strike out all of the
| first section of the bill after ths words <J Depart-
; rnent of the Interior," and insert in lieu of them:
I Provided, That the State of California phail be entitled
to I wo representatives, in accordance with the art admitting
I said State into the t'mon, until the next aorual enumera-
te Senator from Arkansas is disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will permit us
to take up the apportionment bill. It is now with-
in live minutes of the hour for the consideration of
the special order, and it will be impossible to pass
the bill of the Senator from Arkansas in that
time.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I did not think that there
would be suon a di^cus^ion on my motion ys to
take up the whole of the morning hour, and I
therefore withdraw the motion.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to take up the ap-
portionment bill. Tilts Senator fiom ?viuine can
make his motion as well after that is disposed of ;| two of the inhabitants of tho United States/
as before it is taken up. :' "
Mr. BttADBURY. I hope the honorable Sen- ,
ator will withdraw his motion, to allow me to have !
a day fixed for the consideration of the French
spoliation bill. It will occupy no time to fix a !
day.
Ivlr. GWlN. With the condition that it is not
lo occupy any time i withdraw my motion. ;
Mr. BRADBURY. I now move that the pre-
vious orders be postponed for the purpose of taking
up the bill I hd\e named, with the view of assign-
ing a futuie day for its consideration.
Mr. ATOfciiSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine whether this bill has not already been 1
j made a special order? and whether it does not 1
now stand on the list of special orders?
Mr. BRADBURY. I will answer the honor- 1
' able Senator. A day was assigned for its consid-
' aration almost two months ago; but we have yet
been unable to consider it, because courtesy has
j allowed other bills to be token up before it. I
1 design now to fix some day when it shall becour-
; lesy to consider it.
! The PRESIDENT. It is among; the special
: orders now. 1
! Mr. GWIN. The bill of the Senator from I
So that the section will read:
f;That the Secretary of the Interior pioceed forthwith to
apportion the representative? among the several States, in
aecoitlance with th<; provisions contained in the twenty -
filth section of the act of 23d May, l&oO. acrording to the
returns of population which have boon completed and re-
turned to the Oensiis Offico m the Depaitmentof the Inte-
rior: Provided, That the State of California,''" &c.
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order
until the amendment of the Senator from Maine
is disposed of.
M:. RHETT. I shall bring it forward at the
proper time in some shape. I will state to the
Senote the grounds on which I suppose they
should set in this matter. I do not think the ques-
tion is surrounded with as many embarrasraents,
as some Senators suppose. In the first place, when
the census act was passed, it fixed a certain num-
ber to constitute the House of Representatives.
The object in limiting the number and fixing it be-
forehand, was to get rid of the contests, and con-
tinual heart-burnings that arise from the strifes of
different States togetan additional Representative,
in consequence of their fractions. I was a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, when the
last apportionment bill was passed, and I may say>
that there was no measure at that session which
