THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. **"
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN €. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Consrbss, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 22, 1852.
New Serirs No, 117.,
all but two £2,000, and those two $1,500 each. It
cuts off ail their extra allowance except their lon-
gevity ration, fuel, and quarters. The proviso
in this bill, as you will discover, cuts off their
longevity rations. The committee are satisfied
that this is too great a reduction, and they have
instructed me to ask the committee to strike out
this proviso so that the present law will stand,
giving to all the professors except two, $2,000
with their longevity rations, and to those two, the
professor of French and drawing, gl,500.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and if it is true that the amount of these
salaries are low, I would prefer giving them
higher, so that we can comprehend them. In the
last Congress we made an effort to strip these pro-
fessors of a list of fictitious allowances in the way
of provisions for servants, forage for horses, lon-
gevity rations, &c., and rendering their salaries in
plain English, so that we couid comprehend the
amount when they appealed tons for pay,instead
of following this old fiction of rations, which
meant nothing more nor less, when inquired into,
than so much more money. If there is anything ill
this bill in the way of reformation, that commends
itself to my judgment and approbation, it is the
simplifying' these salaries and talking in English
about them; and I will suggest to the Committee
of Ways and Means and its chairman, that if
these salaries are not enough, to make an increase,
so that we will comprehend what we are paying.
What are vour longevity rations? What do you
mean by them ! What are the public to under-
stand by "longevity " rations?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By the action of
the last Congress in fixing these salaries at $2,000
it was not intended to cut off longevity rations,
nor their quarters.
But these professors are occupying public
houses at the Academy belonging to the Govern-
ment. They say that if they are prohibited from
their quarters, then other officers who are stationed
at the Academy will come up and claim those
Government houses which they now occupy, and
they will have either to build or to rent houses.
It was not the intention, as I understand it, either
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
former Congress or of this House to deprive the
professors of the public houses which they now
occupy.
With regard to the longevity ration, I will
merely say that it is an extra ration given to each
officer of the Army for each five yeara that he
may be in service. When he has been five years
in service he gets one additional ration, when he
has been ten years, he gets two additional rations;
when he has been fifteen years, he gets three ad-
ditional rations, and so on.
Mr. CARTTER. I thought there was some
absurdity about it. The principle is this, that the
older a man grows the more he eats. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JONES. I believe the principle of it is,
that the older a man grows the more children he
has.
Mr. CARTTER. It is this indirect mode of
payment that I protest against. The appetite does
not grow any larger, or the capacity of the stom-
ach to digest any greater as a man advances in
age. I protest against perpetuating disguises by
which money is drawn out of the Treasury with-
out the people or the House knowing it. I sup-
posed that we had struck a blow at this de-
sc.rmtion of legislation in the last Congress, but I
find'the Committee of Ways and Means, who are
retienchers, coming in here, after reporting a ref-
ormation which ought to be made, and endeavor-
in"- to strike it out. Now, unless these officers
want an increase of food every five years, do not
strike out the proviso.
Mr. FOWLER. The gentleman from Ohio
has referred to the legislation of the last Congress.
I had the impression that the gentleman from
Ohio has, except that I thought we cut off these
extras and fixed the salaries at $2,000 for all the
professors except two, and then we thought we
were doing nobly. Will the gentleman inform
117
us how much these extras amount to r We ought
to know.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not recollect. 1 under-
took to measure their stomachs in the last Con-
gress. I could not find any rule to be governed
by, and I could only judge by experience.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means a question.
I wish to know what the salaries of these various
officers were, aside from the rations, before the
act of last year was passed, which fixes them at
$2,000? '
Mr. HOUSTON. Some of them who were
not attached to the Army got salaries, and those
who were attached to the'Army received their pay.
I will explain that, if I can get the floor when the
gentleman from Ohio has concluded his remarks.
Mr. CARTTER. All 1 have to say is this:
Whatever may be the occasion for extra rations
in actual service, a set of scientific professors in
permanent positions do not. require them. And,
sir, let us talk English when we make an appro-
priation, and not go through the miserable rigma-
role of " longevity rations." [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is a little unfortunate, for he has shown the com-
mittee very plainly either that he did not under-
stand last year what he was doing, or that if he
did, he has forgotten it. 1 will read the law,
which will satisfy the gentleman that either one
or the other of these is absolutely true. Here is
the proviso:
" Provided, That hereafter, in lieu of the pay proper, oidi-
nary tations, forage, and servants, heretofore received un-
der the provisions of the act of April 12lh, lBl'J, the pro-
fessors of engineers, philosophy, mathematics, ethics, and
chemistry, shall be entitled to receive $'2,ODD each per an-
num, and tile professors of drawing and French
So that you see the law itself, of which the
gentleman speaks, was a reformation, and I am
willing to admit that it expressly, by its terms,
leaves the professors their extra rations.
Mr. CARTTER. That was not designed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The law was intended to
leave to them their extra rations.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman is mistaken;
it was not so intended.
Mr. HOUSTON. The law certainly leaves it
so. We are not restoring anything at all. The
Committee of Ways and Means, believing as the
gentleman believes, that the law ought to have
gone on and cut off the balance of the rations,
proposed in this bill that the longevity rations
should also be cut off. But here is a very long and
candid communication from one of the present
professors, who proves satisfactorily that it is im-
possible for the professors to live as they oughtto
live, if we take away their service-rations, as they
are called.
Mr. M1LLSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Alabama, I desiie to reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Fowler] in regard to the amount of the
rations. I will state that this longevity ration—
which seems to me to be a very reasonable addi-
tional allowance—is granted first, because it is de-
sirable to retain in the public service useful and j
competent men; because, too, the professors at j
West Point have not the same opportunities of
promotion that are open to those who commence
their career in the Army with them; and because
thi3 slight additional compensation is necessary
to provide for the continual increase of their
families.
And now I will state the amount which is added
to the compensation of the professors by retaining
to them this longevity ration. Supposing that a
professor has served thirty-five years, the increase
i of his compensation, at the expiration of that
1 time, is only §500. That is the sole increase for
a faithful and continuous service of thirty-five
! years.
! Mr. FOWLER. Am I to understand that that
i is the whole amount that he will ever receiver
] Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir.
j Mr. FOWLER. Well, I want to know how
j! much these rations, forage, servants, and other
|i emoluments will all amount to in any one year?
Mr. MILLSON. I am now speaking to the
question of-the longevity nation, that being the
only point before the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. But I want to know how
much all these perquisites for any one year amount
to?
Mr. MILLSON. I can give the gentleman ho
information on that subject. I wish now to state
to the committee what would be the whole ex-
pense to the Government, supposing the six pro-
fessors at West Point received longevity rations
after a service of thirty-five years. The whole ad-
ditional expense for the six professors would be
something like $3,000. I think that a-very trea-
sonable addition, and I am in favor of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. There was another reply I
intended to make to the gentleman from Ohio,
and I am sure it is one he will appreciate. If the
gentleman proposes a reformation in the Army,
why does he not call to account the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House? The Committee
of Ways and Means have attempted to reform
this error, as we considered it at the time, to which
he has called the attention of the committee. We
thought th®longevity ration ought to be cut off,
but upon a reexamination of the subject we found
our opinions changed, and the committee have
instructed me to ask the House to strike out the
provision of the bill which would deprive the pro-
fessors of it. But the gentleman will remember
that these longevity rations are allowed bylaw,
and that all the other officers of the Army get
them. Why does he not call for a reformation,
to change the law upon this subject? Why does
he not call upon the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to so modify the law as to deprive all officers
of these rations, if the professors are to be de-
prived of them who are already deprived of the
opportunities of promotion which other officers
have: The Committee of Ways and Means
thought that the professors ought to be allowed
them.
Mr. CARTTER. Here is the provision that
was adopted at the last Congress: "That here-
after in lieu of the pay proper, ordinary rations,"
which I unsophisticated^ supposed at that time,
meant the rations'they ordinarily received, "for-
age and servants heretofore received under the act
of April ]9th, .1819," and so forth. Well, the
committee reported in this bill that they should
receive salaries of <j>2,0U0, and exclude all rations.
Now I do not know whether that is enough or
not. If it is not, make it larger, although I think
it is ample. But render it so that we can under-
stand it, and do not attempt to keep up the fable
that the older the officer grows the more he wants
to cat, for the purpose of getting the money.
: Mr. HOUSTON. That is the law now. Why
; do you not propose to repeal it?
Mr. CARTTER. I understand that. You
proposed to do'it by this bill, but now you are
going back in this amendment.
: Mr. DUNCAN. Will the gentleman from
j Ohio allow me to make a suggestion to him, which
! will perhaps remove his difficulty'
I Mr. CARTTER. Certainly."
\ Mr. DUNCAN. If the officer himself does not
eat any moie as he grows older, it is highly prob-
; able that as he grows in. years his family will in-
j; crease, he will have more to feed and the rations
i; will ali be consumed.
!' Mr. CARTTER. Then increase his salary,
j1 or change the title of your longevity ration, and
j call it fhorl-gerilij ration. [Laughter.] If it is to
j1 feed children, say so, and let us understand it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hocs-
ton's amendment, and it was agreed to.
j; Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
i| and Means have instructed me to offer the follow-
ing amendment: After the word " subsistence,"
in line eighteen, strike out " $438," and insert
" $2,263" in lieu thereof, so as to make it read:
For commutation of subsistence, §2,263.
That is to make appropriation for what the
committee has just done.
The question was then taken upon the amsnu-
