82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee 12,
it may, we want no such ministerial officers to*
meddle with us. When our laws are violated, we
are quite able to punish the offenders; and even
when unforeseen accidents occur to prevent pun-
ishment, as sometimes will happen both here and
everywhere else, we do not mean to invoke, and
'J trust we do not mean to permit, either France or
England, or even France and England, to assume
to be sheriffs and judges, and to take American
citizens from the decks of American vessels, and
from the jurisdiction of American tribunals, and
punish them at their own discretion. ii All our
Government contends for," said the London Times,
in 1842, on the subject of the right of search, "is
the mere right to act as constables in boarding
suspicious vessels bearing the American flag."
A modest claim, and modestly urged, especially
with the admission made by the same powerful
but reckless journal, that in the practical enforce-
ment of the claim to search, st the searching party,
'being from the nature of the case the strongest,
'and moreover, ordinarily speaking, persons of
* summary habits, were apt to be somewhat arbi-
trary in their judgments of who was American and
♦who was English; when they doubted they took the
* trick.'' Memorable words, never to be forgotten
by the American people or by their Government!
American citizens offending against our laws are
responsible to our tribunals, and to no other earth-
ly jurisdiction, except in the case of piracy, which
by universal consent is a crime against all civilized
nations, and may be punished by either of them.
If indeed adventurers from our own country en-
gage in an unlawful expedition against any other,
they are of course liable to the consequences of
their acts—punishment by the Government injured,
when taken in the attempt. But this is far differ-
ent from the voluntary interposition of other
Powers to watch the high seas, undent pretension
which cannot be carried into effect, without assum-
ing as its corollary the right to search every vessel,
which may make her appearance upon the Gulf
of Mexico, or indeed along our coast, wherever
these protecting powers may choose to exercise
this new jurisdiction. For the claim to prevent
vessels of a certain character from approaching
Cuba, includes of course the^claim to examine all
vessels found within tlie tubood region, in order to
ascertain whether they come within the condemned
class; whether in fact the trick may not be taken,
by virtue of a little well-timed doubt. Or, in other
words, this doctrine, if established, would estab-
lish the full right of search at all times upon waters
of-the ocean, whose free navigation is as essential
to the United States as is that of the English
Channel to England, and would give to two great
maritime Powers the control of the Gulf of Mex-
ico and of the mouth of the Mississippi. Lord
Palmerston, indeed, assures us that our commerce
shall not. be interrupted. Cold comfort this! We
had rather depend upon our own rights and power,
than upon his moderation or that of his country
" Timeo Danaos " is a wise caution in political
affairs, when counsel is proffered by those who
are not with us, nor of us. We know the British
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs is not easily
turned from his purpose. He has stamped Ins
character as a bold statesman, if not a circumspect
one, upon the history of the foreign intercourse of
his country; and if he has not always scrupu-
lously regarded the rights of other nations, he has
kept a steady eye upon the interest of his own.
He undertook to convince us a few years since,
that because Eng'and had formed a treaty with
some of the European continental Powers for the
suppression of the slave trade, she had, therefore,
a right to search our vessels, m order to carry
these engagements into effect. And now, because
France and England have constituted themselves
theguardinnsof the Spanish Government in Cuba,
therefore their cruisers arc at liberty to violate the
American flag in seas coterminous with our own
coasts, and which are navigated by a large portion
of our mercantile marine. The former effort
failed, and this will fail, as will the others, in what-
ever fruitful brain they may originate, which are
destined to follow.
' I must express my gratification, in looking over
the papers, at the ground taken by Mr. Critten*
den in hi* communications with the French and
British Ministers. He has laid down the true
doctrine, the doctrine for which we have always
contended; and I trust the Administration will
firmly adhere to i$, They will meet, 1 am su*e,
with the general concurrence of the country. This
is precisely one -of those questions before which
party disputes should be hushed, and which ap-
peal to the.hearts of the whole American people.
The resolution was adopted. ^ /
RECEPTION OP KOSSUTH. W
The Senate resumed, as in Committee ef the
Whole, the consideration of the joint resolutiQn of
welcome to Kossuth.
Mr. HALE. I desire to say a single word of
explanation. The honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, not now in his seat, [Mr. Berrien,] who has
manifested some interest m the discussion of this
resolution, has been called from the city by sick-
ness in his family. On a personal appeal made by
him to me in view of that fact, I have concluded
to pair off with him in regard to this resolution. I
make this explanation as due to him. I shall
therefore decline voting on the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. 1 rise for the purpose of say-
ing, that although, according to the usage of the
Senate, I am now entitled to the floor, for the pur-
pose of discussing this question, yet an honorable
Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] having inti-
mated to me that he desires to address some ^re-
marks to the Senate, and that, 011 account of the
state of his health, he may not be able to remain
within the Chamber so as to be able to submit his
views to the Senate and the couitfry at a later hour
in the day, I have very cheerfully agreed that he
should ha\e the opportunity of presenting those
views now.
Mr. MALX^OKY. Mr. President, I design to
vote on this resolution, and ask the indulgence of
the Senate while I state the reasons which govern
the vote that 1 shall give. As becomes a new
member of this body, 1 have listened carefully to
the remarks of honorable Senators opposed to the
resolution, with a mind unbiased, and anxious
only to ascertain the course which wisdom and
the dictates of a sound policy prescribe. This res-
olution is opposed by honorable Senators, whose
negative, apart from any argument, carries with it
a moral influence which this country well under-
stands, and which no Senator better appreciates
than myself; and in differing from them on this
occasion, as it is my misfortune to do, it is 110 less
respectful to them than due to myself, that I should
express something more than a mere negative vote.
The objects of both resolutions, as 1 understand
them—the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] and that of the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward]—are identi-
cal; and the motives winch influence the support
of one are equally applicable to the other; and I
am free to say that 1 am prepared to vote for
either. The object of the resolution is to extend
to Kossuth an honor which, however it may be
regarded by other Senators, 1 contemplate as the
highest distinction of the age—a distinction, sir,
infinitely above all the gorgeous triumphal spec-
! tacles which Rome ever conceded to her conquer-
ors in the palmiest days of the Republic—a dis-
tinction emanating from a council of sovereigns—a
distinction which derives both grace and gravity
from its association with the name of Lafayette. I
would ask, Is the man whom it is proposed thus
to greet worthy of this rare and remarkable honor?
I will not, at this inauspicious moment, stav to
question all that his most ardent admirers concWte
to him. I will not here question his former views,
plans, or policy with reference to his country's
wrongs. I will not now, by a hypercritical in-
vestigation, seek an excuse for withholding from
his present position—from his present heaven-
born hope for freedom to Hungary—that sym-
pathy, that respect which his former course,
personal or political, whatever it may have been,
might possibly have precluded.
Tn voting for this resolution, I do not regard
Louis Kossuth as a man whose every word and
deed are to be subjected—as they have been here
to some extent—to an inquisitorial examination;
an examination from which frail humanity, what-
ever form it take, can never emerge unscathed.
! But, in yielding him this respect, I regard him as
the impersonation, the imbodiment of the*princi-
ples of civil and religious liberty among the mil-
lions of Europe. 1 regard him as a man followed
to our shores by the eyes of the petty tyrants of
every quarter of Europe, and as the man who has
concentrated upon himself the gaze of the strug-
gling millions of the earth, who are regarding him
fe at this moment es the forlorn hone of freedom.
By both parties, by the oppressors and the op-
pressed, his advent here, the first breath he drew
upon our soil, must be regarded as fraught with
probabilities the most momentous; and every
patriot of Europe, from the Rhine to the distant
mountains of Transylvania7who has traced in our
country the mighty results of the first step's of the
Pilgrims upon this continent, doubtless puts up his
prayer to Heaven thatthefootstepsof Kossuth may
also lead to country, to freedom,and to home.
Now, sir, 1 am prepared to honor this man; I
am prepared to sympathize with him, because he,
in the centre of the despotism *of ages and sur-
rounded by the mighty moral and physical influ-
ences of time-honored monarchies, had the sagacity
to direct his attention to our form of government,
and the courage to lead his people by our example.
Principles, sir, are more mighty in the change of
empires than all the armed intervention that "ever
unfurled a flag. Kossuth struggled for a principle
which we venerate—the principle of self-govern-
i ment, as I understand it,—and, struggling, failed,-
But his very failure in such a cause entitles him as
fully to our sympathy and respect as any degree
of success could possibly have done.
I feel called upon to say, that in supporting this
resolution I am not governed by the question
whether Kossuth be or be not the guest of the na-
tion, or whether he was or was not invited to our
country by the action of Congress. But, though
the solution of this question, about which honor-
able Senators so widely differ, is regarded by me
as unimportant, I am free to confess that 1 can
perceive, neither in the joint resolution of Congress,
nor in any act of any department of our Govern-
ment, nothing which confers upon him this char-
ater, or justifies his friends in placing him m this
attitude. No fair construction of language, in my
judgment, can possibly regard the joint resolution
of Congiess as an invitation to our country. The
utmost that was ever contemplated by this Govern-
ment was to afford him and his companions in
arms, prisoners in Turkey, a means of reaching
the United States, if they should rlexiro to emigrate
lieie. lSTo,sir; my sympathy is yielded regardless
of any such consideration.
I believe that there is no disposition on the part
of Senators who have spoken against this resolu-
tion to withhold from fcossuth their respect and
sympathy. On the contrary,every Senator whom
I have heard express an opinion seems to regard
him as the Man of the Age. I will not stop to in-
quire whether adulation of this character be mer-
ited or well-founded. But while yielding him
this personal tribute, the feeling with those who
oppose this resolution seems to be, that if it shall
pass it will be a species of intervention, or, at
least, that it may lead to intervention and entan-
gling alliances in the affairs of Europe. Now, dif-
fering it 1 toto, as I do, from those honorable Sena-
tors, I must nevertheless respect the motive which
dictates their opposition; and I am free to confess,
that if I could legard it in this light—if I could
look at it as intervention in the affairs of Europe,
or as leading to such intervention, however slight
it might be, it would never receive my vote.
But it is impossible to regard this simple resolu-
tion as intervention. I have listened to Senators
who have spoken upon the other side of the ques-
tion, to discover some argument on the subject to
show that the expression of sympathy is inter-
vention. But I have failed to discover any. Had
I been convinced that it was intervention, the
resolution should certainly not receive my support.
I cannot regard it as even a discourtesy or as cal-
culated justly to offend any power of Europe.
Still I have no doubt hut offence will be taken in
certain quarters, if the resolution shall pass. It
will be borne upon the wings of a thousand winds,
and every petty tyrant, from the Rhine to the
Volga, will be made to understand that the sym-
pathies and prayers of the American people on
this broad continent are with the masses; and the
masses themselves will feel their hearts swelling
with new hopes, their arms strengthened with
new vigor; and it is for this very reason that lam
prepared to support it.
If we may justly welcome Kossuth to our soil—
if we could place a national ship at his disposal
to bring him here—if we can express our sympa-
thies in his past sufferings, and our ardent hope
for his brilliant future,—if we can do this on bur
own soil, in our own family circle of States, and
under the broad shadow of o*ir flag, what care we
