1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
member, I wish to give it to her; bat if she has
not, I do not see why she should not submit, as
other States do, to the share of the political power
which belongs to her according to the terms of
the Constitution itself.
It is said that we may get over this difficulty by
reference to the law which was passed for the ad-
mission of California. I fiave not that law before
me, but I believe I recollect what it is. It pro-
vides that California shall have two Representa-
tives, until an enumeration under the Constitution.
An enumeration of what? An enumeration for a
new apportionment; an enumeration to be taken
in 1850, under the terms of the Constitution; and
that provision is the same thing as if it had been
limited to the year 1850; referring it to the enu-
meration is substantially referring it to a point of
time. The Constitution requires that the enumer-
ation shall be taken ill 1850. California was to
have two members until that enumeration was
taken, and a new apportionment made under it.
Has not that enumeration been taken ? Has not
the apportionment been made? Has not the polit-
ical power been distributed under the act? It has
everywhere, saving and excepting the questions
which are now raised here. There is nothing
else left open; no one proposes to disturb the
proportion given to your State, or to mine, or to
any other State. The proposition is, to make
some new arrangement as regards these three
States. Then, sir, I do not think that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, when he gives his con-
struction to the act of 1850, admitting California,
gives to it a correct construction. It is an erro-
neous view of the meaning of that law. That is
simply a limitation of time—a limitation to the
period when the enumeration should be made.
My main object, Mr. President, was to call the
attention of the Senate to these considerations.
We now stand upon this alternative. The law of
1850, which was passed for the purpose of taking
the census, limited the number of Representatives
to two hundred and thirty-three. That distribu-
tion has been made, and it is not desirable to dis-
turb it if it can be avoided. The true question,
if we take the construction and interpretation of
that law, is this; South Carolina appears to have a
fraction of forty-seven thousand and over; and un-
less California has a larger fraction, South Carolina
is entitled to the member. My friend from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Gwin,] says that California has alarger
fraction. That brings us to an examination of the
documents and to the evidence; and the real ques-
tion is, does the evidence sustain the view which the
gentleman takes of this subject? Does it authorize
the conclusion that California has as large a frac-
tion as South Carolina? Thegentleman will say,
perhaps, that is not necessary. If he says that
is not necessary ill order to add a member, I say
it is necessary to raise the fraction above that of
Louisiana, which amounts to the same thing, for
Louisiana has a fraction of forty-six thousand.
Then, the question is: can you go to work and,
by any evidence which is before us, correct the
errors in taking the census of California, so as to
enable you to add enough to the population of
California, as returned, to entitle her to another
member? That is the true question to be settled
here; and if you settle that question wrong, you
disturb the whole apportionment, you derange the
whole system of representation from beginning to
end; for when you add a new member to Califor-
nia, you take from the power of the other States,
to the extent to which the power is given to Cali-
fornia.
We agreed to limit the number to two hundred
and thirty-three, and the true question is, whether
California can override South Carolina in this mat-
ter? Can she, or can you, make out, by any
reasonable calculation, by correcting errors, or
otherwise, that she has a larger fraction than
South Carolina ? If you proceed on such evidence
as that contained in the letter of the gentleman,
which is published, and which I find in tins docu-
ment, (the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary,)—and I do not mean to imply anything de-
rogatory to the respectability of the writer but I
will take the language there employed, which
certainly is plain and frank; and I appeal to you,
sir, and to the Senate, whether we can lake the
estimates here submitted ill the manner in which
these are proposed, and substitute them in place
of the returns made by the sworn officers of the
Government? and whether it is quite respectful
for a person, whose estimates are made in the
manner alleged upon conjecture, however well
acquainted with the country, to assert that the re-
turns made by sworn officers are grossly incorrect?
This information does not strike my mind as being
satisfactory. I am desirous that it should be
so.
It is said to be a hardship to California to have
the number of her Representatives reduced. That
hardship, if ii. be one, has devolved on many
States. There are some eight or ten States that
have suffered diminution in the number of their
Representatives. But it mustbe remembered that
the apportionment was made under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, on an enumeration made
by virtue of that instrument, and that the agree-
ment is, that you shall send as many Representa-
tives as your enumeration will authorize under
the law on which the census is founded. That is
all. California is no more wronged than Vermont,
or New Hampshire, or Connecticut, or Maine—
i the Senator's own State—or many other States
which have lost a member by the new apportion-
j ment.
| I throw out these matters of suggestion, having
j gathered them up from the facts contained in the
report by the committee. I waive all question
i of constitutional difficulties, though I think it is
i very well taken, indeed; and I think the wisest
and best course is to maintain the apportionment
! made under the act of 1850, and thus settle the
\ question between South Carolina and California.
! If the gentleman can show me, by any reasonable
' calculation, or by such satisfactory evidence as a
reasonable man can be satisfied with, that his
fraction overrides that of South Carolina, I will
then say he is entitled to an additional member,
and will vote with him.
Mr. GWIN. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts has alluded to the report of the
joint committee of the Legislature of California,
and expressed a desire to see it. I have it be-
fore me, and will read an extract from it. The
Senator from Massachusetts says the language
used by my colleague, [Mr. McCorkle,] is hardly
respectful to the census agent and his assistants,
sworn officers of the Government. He did not
discredit these census returns here for the first time.
He had good and sufficient reasons for the opinion
expressed in the communication addressed to the
Judiciary Committee, for he had examined these
census returns on another quite different theater of
public duty. He was the chairman of the com-
mittee of the Legislature of California to which
was referred the question of apportionment. He
then examined these census returns, and I will
read what he said on that occasion. It may be
proper to remind the Senate that the report was
made with no design to affect this body, for it was
supposed then that the census would be retaken
correctly by the agents of the United States Gov-
ernment. The report is this:
■■ The joint select committee, appointed by the Senate
and Assembly to report a hill to reapportion the member
of the Senate and Assembly among the several counties of
the State, have caiefully eunsideied the same, and repoit
the accompanying bill and recommend its parage.
" From all the reliable information within thcreach of the
committee, they believe that the Fedei al population of Cal-
ifornia now exceeds three hundred thousand souls. They
have an ived at this conclusion from information derived
from all parts of the State, as well as from a record of tne
oveilaiul emigration, the arrivals and departuies by sea in
the 1 a-1 two years, anil tbe estimated number of resident
C.ihfornians at the time of the change of flags. It is to be
! regretted that the insufficient means furnished by the United
States Government to the '■onmti--■loner- appointed to take
: the census, the migratory character of our population, the
! impracticability of teaching the greate-t numbei of said
• population 111 the gorges of the immnt.uni-, have lenflcicd
| the census, so far reported, ineoiiect and uiisatistaetory."
i I have said that my colleague [Mr. McCorkle]
; speaks from information collected on another oc-
j casion, when acting in another capacity, and not
supposing that his testimony would be called for
j here; for\t was then believed by all that the cen-
sus of the State would be completed according
i to law. Therefore, what he says now is the re-
' suit of a thorough examination of the subject, and
j is consequently entitled to great weight. I will
; read in this connection the second section of the
i act admitting California into the Union; and leave
! it for the good sense of the Senate to say whether
! this law has been complied with in taking the
j census of that State:
! "Sec. 2. Jlntl be it further enacted, That, uutil the re-
1 presentation in Congress shall be apportioned according to
i an actual enumeration of the inhabitants of the Umtea
States, the State of California shall be entitled to two Rep-
resentatives in Congress "
The Senator from Massachusetts stated, the
other day, that the census agent and his assistants
were to inquire of every person in California
whether they intended to.reside there. This is
not correct. They were to enumerate the inhabit-
ants, and those who started to California before the
1st of June, 1850. This act was passed after the
one authorizing the taking of the seventh census.
Being a subsequent law, which says there shall be
"an actual enumeration," until such actual enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the whole United
States, California included, that State is entitled
to two members. I deny that any such enumer-
ation in that State has ever been made. So says
tlie census agent, and we are bound to believe him?
foi he has sworn to make correct returns, and in '
these returns we find there has been no actual
enumeration. Is it any disrespect to the census
agent in my colleague [Mr. McCorkle] to repeat
his own language? [ take it for granted no mem-
ber of the Senate will say that an actual enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of California has ever
been taken. The second section of the act I have
just read, admitting California, contains aguaran-
tee that we shall have two members in the other
House until an actual enumeration is taken, which
cannot be violated with honor by this Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. My desire was to have voted
for the additional Representative to the State of
California; but upon an examination of the testi-
mony-—the result of which I will submit to the
Senate—I am unable to do so; and, if California
is to have an additional member, I cannot resist
the amendment which has been offered by the
Senator from Louisiana.- The principle, in both
cases, is precisely the same. This, Mr. Presi-
dent, is a matter which is to be regulated by fact.
The principle is established by law, that all frac-
tions of population over and above a certain num-
ber entitling a State to a Representative in Con-
gress—except in the case of certain large fractions
specified—aretogowithoutrepresentation, m order
that the number of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives may be confined to two hundred and
thirty-three. Then let us examine this matter
fairly, with a view to come to a just conclusion—a
conclusion founded upon truth and fact, and not
upon estimate and conjecture; and let us not violate
principle upon the alleged ground that we are not
correctly informed. Wehave information founded,
I suppose, upon facts; and the facts stand thus:
The State of South Carolina has a fraction of
population over and above the ratio of representa-
tion, of forty-seven thousand four hundred and
seventy-eight. The State of Louisiana has also
a fraction of forty-six thousand one hundred and
ninety-six. The enumeration of the people in the
State of California, as taken and returned to the
Census Office, amounts to ninety-two thousand
five hundred and ninety-seven souls. These were
the returns made in the State of California. That
.amount, supposing it to be a true return of the
population of that State, would not have entitled
her to a Representative at all; and she would only
have had one, on the constitutional provision that
each State shall be entitled to at least one Repre-
sentative. But there were three counties not in-
cluded in the enumeration I have just mentioned,
namely Santa Clara, Contra Costa, and San Fran-
cisco, with a population, correctly taken, 1 sup-
pose, by the assistant marshals, and returned to
the census agent, of twenty-five thousand two hun-
dred and twenty-four, making a total of one hun-
dred and seventeen thousand eight hundred and
twenty-one persons, who constitute the entii e enu-
; meration of the population of the State of Califor-
a.
But it is now stated, Mr. President, that this
I enumeration is not correct in point of fact; that
there are great errors in the returns; and that Cal-
ifornia ought not to suffer in consequence of the
neglect or failure of the officers of the General
Government fully to discharge their duty.^ I ad-
mit that position,Mr. President, as far as it goes;
but how are we to ascertain the extent of the fail-
ure to perform the duty, and the means by which
California is to he deprived of a member in the
House of Representatives ? It must, be by proof
only. And where shall we obtain it? Is it to be
j obtained from estimates of gentlemen residing m
California ? No, sir; that proof must be obtained
