84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
here on this resolution, it is not to be charged to
those of us who oppose its adoption When the
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard,] in discharge of the high duty which he
thought was imposed upon him, thought proper
to introduce this resolution, he accompanied its in-
troduction with a long, elaborate, and soul-stirring
appeal, which was calculated to arouse our feel-
ings, to excite our passions, and for the moment
to suspend the calm exercise of our judgments.
When, after this storm of passion had subsided,
we were at length allowed to exercise our own
judgments, unimpeded by the mystic visions of
grandeur and terror and glory, with which im-
passioned eloquence had surrounded us—when
we were able once more to resume the exercise of
a calm understanding, and to take, in the language
of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] a
dispassionate view of this subject, was it to be ex-
pected that, entertaining different opinions from
others, we ceuld, in justice to ourselves and what
we believe to be the true interest of the country,
fail to assign our reasons to the Senate ? Were
we not called upon, by considerations of high re-
spect for the honorable and distinguished Senator
from whom this resolution proceeded, as well as
for the honorable and distinguished gentlemen who
supported this resolution with tlieir eloquence and
their arguments,—were we not bound, independ-
ent of all other considerations, by due respect for
them, to say why we could not go with them
when it is always a matter of such deep-felt reluc-
tance to part from them ?
Mr. President, I think it is out of place to s
that it is a waste of time to subject this resolution
to discussion. It is a question which ought to be
discussed; its intrinsic merits demand it. The
circumstances which surround it in this Chamber
and beyond these walls enforce the necessity and
the propriety of it; and if we may drop from the
high and solemn topics which have been gathered
around the reception of Louis Kossuth and his
associates in captivity, which have been so bril-
liantly spread before us—arching the heavens,
spangling the firmament, and I know not what
other, magnificent and startling figures—and look
at some of the mundane operations which are im-
mediately before us in the course of our political
future soon to be history,—when we consider
certain disposals of certain eminent political offices
which in a short time are to be made by the Amer-
ican people, we find an additional reason. Why,
if we can allow ourselves to subside from the tor-
rent of excited feelings into which we have been
plunged, we should present before the American
people what we think is the calm and dispassion-
ate and deliberate common-sense view of the sub-
ject before the Senate.
I agree with what was said by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who
addressed the Senate a few days ago on this sub-
ject, that this is a case which requires statement
rather than argument; and I would add to his
proposition, that it requires argument rather than
declamation, and proof of the propriety of adopt-
ing this course rather than,l will not say un-
meaning (for nothing that is spoken on this floor
is ever unmeaning) defiance of foreign Powers,
and the large and expansive declarations of Ameri-
can power and prowess, which we have heard,
and of our capacity to contend with a world in
arms. Let us look at this question as it is pre-
sented to us upon its intrinsic merits. What is
it ? As I have said, gentlemen have admitted (as
is plain, whether admitted or not) that they are
to assign some reasons why this resolution should
be adopted. The resolution proposes to bid, 111
the name of the American people, Louis Kossuth
welcome to our shores. Several reasons have
been assigned why we should adopt this course.
I proceed to offer some remarks upon them.
It is said, in the first place, that by the joint
resolution adopted at the last session of Congress,
we have taken the initiatory step which requires
us, in point of consistency and honor, to follow it
up with what is now proposed. That I deny.
I know no method by which we can ascertain
what we did at the last session of Congress, and
to what, therefore, we may consider ourselves as
pfoperly obliged as a consequence of it, than by
looking at the language of the resolution. My
honorable friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass] said
that he scouted the idea of applying philology to
tjlis investigation. Scout the idea of applying
philological criticism, the rule by which we ascer-
tain the meaning of language, to the question of
the interpretation of language ! Why, my hon-
orable friend must have a very singular idea of
the office and purpose of philology. He seems
to have made a similar mistake in reference to
that science which was made by a very respect-
able but a rather testy old gentleman of my
acquaintance with regard to the science of arith-
metic, or numbers, who became extremely offend-
ed when waggishly told by a young man sitting
at the breakfast table with him, pointing to a plate
containing three biscuits, "Mr. R., you cannot
tell how many biscuits there are in that plate with-
out counting them." " What! sir," says he, " do
you take me for a fool, that I cannot tell that there
are three biscuits in that plate without counting
them ? " He rejected the idea that computation j
and arithmetic were necessary to ascertain num-
bers, if the number of particulars were small. I
know that my honorable friend did not mean that;
but why did he use that high term ? Why did he
go into this Anglicized Greek word, of which^
many of our constituents at home know nothing,**
and who would naturally imagine, without an
explanation, that those of us who are opposed to
the resolution had brought some new and strange
and barbarous machinery of interpretation to bear
—brought, perhaps, from some of those Euro-
pean despotisms, and totally unknown to our
country ? Why, we cannot ascertain the meaning
of anything which depends upon words, without
the application of the rules of philology to it.
But did my friend mean to imply that there was
any disposition to what is called hypercriticism;
that is, to bring to the construction of this resolu-
tion a reluctant disposition to understand its mean-
ing, and a disposition to cavil with it? Why, if
he did, as was justly said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] there is not
the shadow of a foundation for the suggestion.
Yet I may be permitted to say, that although I
would not feel myself justified in applying to an
ordinary resolution or act of Congress any par-
ticular strictures of interpretation; though I am
not disposed to apply it to this, there would be
nothing very unreasonable in such a process, when
we recollect from whom the joint resolution pro-
ceeded. It came from my honorable friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] known to us all for his
extreme exactness in the use of language, and,
therefore, it may well stand out as an Exception
from the general legislation of this body, and we
have a right to treat it with more closeness of ex-
amination, and more severity of criticism than a
resolution proceeding from another person. We
all know that the honorable Senator has a place in
what he writes for every word; and, he will ex-
cuse me for saying, that we also know that he
has a word for every place. It is impossible for
us, according to my judgment, if I understand
the English ianguage, as it is used North and
South, that there can beany mistake about the
understanding of Congress at the time the resolu-
tion was adopted. It says:
| Whereas the people of the United States sincerely svra-
I pathize with the Hungarian exiles, Ko^ufh and his aWo-
j ciates, and fully appioeiate the magnanimous conduet of
! the Turkish Government in receiving and treating these
noble exiles with kindness and hospitality; and if it be tile
I wish of these exiles to emigrate to the United States, and
j the will of the Sultan to permit them to leave his domm-
| ions,: Therefore,
Be it resolved hy the Senate and House of Represent-
, atives of the United States of -America in Congress asscm-
j bled, That the President of the United States be and he
. hereby is requested to authorize the employment of some
one of the public vessels wlneli may now be cruisinf* in
the Mediterianean to receive and convey to the United
I States the said Louis Kossuth and his associates m cap-
tivity.
j The preamble of that resolution asserts, in the
I first place, a fact; and then it alleges a contingency;
i upon which contingency, and upon which alone,
; the particular direction of the resolution is founded
and is to take effect. The fact affirmed is the sym-
pathy of the American people for those exiles, and
their estimate of the noble conduct of the Turkish
Government in giving them a refuge. The con-
tingency is, whether or not these exiles desire to
emigrate to the United States. If they desire to
emigrate, the President is requested to authorize
the use of one of our ships cruising upon the
i Mediterranean sea to bring them to the United
j States. And if they did not mean to emigrate, it
| was not the intention of Congress that the Presi-
i dent should furnish them with a national ship. I
presume that, without arty particular dexterity in
this dark, barbarous Greek-derived science of
philology, we have a pretty tolerable understand-
ing in this country of what is meant by an emigrant
and emigration. If an English or a French gen-
tleman comes over to this country to visit it; to
look at its railroads, its steamboats,"its harbors;
to contemplate its government and the condition
of its people, we do not call him an emigrant.
When we speak of emigrant ships we think we
have a clear and distinct meaning attached'to the
term. An emigrant is a man who leaves Europe;
who comes to our shores with a view of making
our country his home; who comes to settle amidst
us and become one of our people; and to enjoy
the privileges^ and protection which our laws give
him; and ultimately, in due time, and at no very
distant day, to be allowed to participate equally in
all the municipal privileges conferred by the Con-
stitution upon the citizen. Then to whom did
this resolution apply? It applied to Kossuth and
his companions in captivity, desiring to emigrate
to this country and to make it their home. It was
intended to afford them facilities in a public ship,
in order that they might become domiciled here.
That is the plain, unmistakable meaning of the
law.
Now, besides the meaning of it as apparent
from its terms, do we not all know that that is
the way in which we understood it? "We took it
forgranted—the outbreak in Hungary having been
crushed by the power of the Czar added to that of
the Emperor—the country being restored to its
original condition of subjection, but stripped of
its privileges—that Kossuth, languishing in a
Turkish prison, was desirous to come to this
country, and enjoy with us a common freedom,
partake of the protection of our laws, and do
what he could not do in Europe—live a peaceful
and happy life, and die a Christian and quiet
death. To this state of things it applied, and this
was all. It was not a resolution directly for the
benefit of Kossuth, the late Governor of Hun-
gary, by way of doing him an honor in the char-
acter which lie had then lately sustained. It was
not a resolution that bears upon its face the slight-
est allusion to the fact, that, for the time, he had
been possessed of n.nd exercised sovereign power
in the direction of this contest. • It was addressed
to Louis Kossuth as an exile in captivity, seeking
to escape from the inauspicious condition of Euro-
pean coercion, to place himself, as a resident and
a denizen, upon our shores. No man can suc-
cessfully deny this. There was a reason why-
Congress should have desired the President to
transport Kossuth and his associates in captivity
here in a public ship, which has never heretofore
occurred m the case of any other person desiring
to emigrate. We all know that the Emperor of
Austria considered his entertainment in Turkey
an offence to him. We all know he demanded
that Kossuth should be expelled from Turkey by
the authority of the Sultan. We all know that
he sought to seize him and bring him within his
jurisdiction and authority, to subject him to such
punishment as he might deem suitable to the occa-
sion. It was, therefore, for that reason, impor-
tant that when the Sultan gave permission to
Kossuth and his associates to leavehis dominions,
if they desired to emigrate to the United States,
we should put them under the protection of our
flag, which would effectually prevent him from
being; seized by the power of Austria.
This being the state of the case, I desire to know
upon what authority gentlemen say, that by that
resolution we have invited Kossuth to our shores-
have made him the guest of the nation? Is there
a word in that resolution expressive of invitation?
Is there a word in it that declares that the people
of the United States desire that he should come to
our shores as a guest? The difficulty interposed
by the word "if" was to be solved before this
public ship was to be placed at his disposal, or
used for his service, and there is not a word in
the resolution which intimates that the United
States cared whether or not he decided to come.
It announced nothing but this: This man was in
captivity; we understood he wanted to come to
our country. We knew that in the existing state
of things, if he left Turkey without being put
aboard an American ship, he might not be per-
mitted to exercise his free wish to come. There-
fore we tendered him the opportunity to come
under the national flag of this country. That is
