996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
from the highest practical source. What proof
is it ? Why, sir, it is the evidence of the census
agent of the State of California—a man sworn to
discharge his duties faithfully and honestly, a man
who was not only responsible to theG-eneral Gov-
ernment, but a man who was made in some meas-
ure responsible to the people of the State of Cali-
fornia for the information which he was to lay
before them. Kow, what is the truth on that sub-
ject? Let us come to it fairly. Who is the census
agent of California? Mr. J. Neely Johnson. It
seems, sir, that on the 15th of April, in the year
1851, Mr. W. Van Voorhies, Secretary of State
for the State of California, called on the census
agent there to communicate to him, and through
htm to the Legislature of the State, correct in-
formation in relation to the census; and here is
a letter which he transmits to the President of the
Senate in _ California—the honorable David C.
Broderick :
Office of Secretary of State, >
San Josh, Jljml lo, ISM. )
- Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
communication received from J. Neely Johnson, l£srj..
United States census agent for California. The commu-
nication explains itself.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
W. VAN VOOItlHES,
Secretary of State.
And what does Mr. Neely Johnson say:
"United States Census Agent's Office, >
Sacr4Mpnto City, (Cat,.,) April 10., 1851. $
" Sir : I have been necessarily delayed in complying
with the resolution adopted by the General Assembly of
this State, requesting ipe c to fnrmsh an abstract of the cen-
sus returns,' m consequence of the many causes which
have transpired to retard this work; and, at the pie.^ent
time, J am able to render but a partial and incomplete state-
ment of the same, as the full returns have not been received
A letter of recent date from the deputy to whom was as-
signed the district embracing the iirst two named counties,
informs me that he has completed hie; labors there, bat fur-
nishes no information as to the number of inhabitants. I
have made repeated ellorts—thus far ineffectual—to have
the <;eriMi« taken m the county of Tuolumne. I have as I
yet received no information from the deputy last appointed ;
there. |
ih In some instances, as you will observe, the letnms are 1
given in round numbers. In such cashes tho-e figuies arc '
predicated upon the information furnished by the respective j
deputies, which will be found a near appioximation to the I
returns. J
" The counties of Trinity, Shasta, and Colusi, are given i
as comprehending one district. The gentleman who per- I
formed this dnty in those counties, received his commission
in the month of September last, he being then a resldentof '
Trinity, lie entered upon this duty without the means of ]
determining the proper subdivision of this district; and so ■
erroneous in fact was the general impression then prevail
ins amongst the population residing thoie, regarding the
northern boundary of the State, that a laige population on
the Klamath river was not enumerated, being supposed to
be comprehended in the Territory of Ore ou.
" The result of tins enumeration, when completed, will,
•with all reasonable probability, fall shoit of the entire pop-
ulation of the State, from thirty-three to lilty per cent.
Such a result must naturally occur to the mind of every
petson conversant with the circumstances surrounding
those engaged in the mines—propabiy the most numerous
of our population—icsiding, as man} ol tiiem do, m un-
known and unfrequented localities; whilst others are con-
stantly changing their places of abode; thus absolutely pre-
cluding the possibility of their being found at all by the
census man."
And then in another letter, he says:
"The counties of Trinity, Shasta,and Colusi, rue given
as comprehending one distiict. The gentleman who per-
formed this duty in these counties, received Ins communion
in the month of September last, he being then a resident of
Trinity. He entered upon this duty without the means of
detennining the pioper subdiviMuns of this distuct, and so
eironeoiis, in fact, was the general impression then prevail-
ing amongst the population residing there, regarding the
northern boundary of the State, that a laige population on
the Klamath river was not enumerated, being Mipposed to
be comprehended in the Territory of Oregon. The result
of this enumeration "
The result of what enumeration ? Why, of the
three counties of Trinity, Shasta, and Colusi.
"Theiesultof this enumeration, when completed will
with all reasonable piobability, fall aliort ot the entire prm-
ulution ot the State, from thirty-three to fifty pei cent."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. DaiisI
has shown that the census was taken in ail the
counties, and that there is a large portion of the
returns the accuracy of which nobody pretends to
doubt. This is a fact.
Wow, what are the correct returns about which
there is no dispute, and which have come properly
into the Census Bureau ? Sir, the first twenty-two
counties, proper returns from which hare been
had, give to California a representative population
of ninety-two thousand five hundred and ninety-
seven, and it is alleged that the other three coun-
ties contained a population of twenty-five thousand
two, hundred and twenty-four, which together
made a total of one hundred and seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred and twenty-one, all of which
is correct, and which nobody doubts. But these
three counties come not within what is said of the
thirty-three or the fifty per cent. There is a ma-
terial question. Now, these are the whole facts,
and here is the proof from the superintendent of
the business in California. And will any Senator
upon this floor, in order to obviate the principle
adopted by Congress two years ago, in conse-
quence of the testimony which is here adduced, add
one member for California ? If that is done, then
on the same principle, another member must be
given to Louisiana,and also one to South Carolina,
and thereby increase the number of the House of
Representath es to two hundred and thirty-five. 1
hope that will not be done without good cause.
I propose, now, to show that California cannot
cry out "injustice;" and ! will show it upon
proof, and give them to the full extent everything
they ask. This census agent reports that in Cal-
ifornia no returns were made of from thirty-three
to fifty per cent, of the population. Now, what
is thirty-three per cent, on the whole alleged pop-
ulation, as shown by the returns?—I mean of the
ninety-two thousand five hundred ami ninety-sev-
en. Taking that number as the population of the
whole State, what will be the amount of thirty-
three per cent.? Let it go over the whole State,
instead of the three counties, to which it is said
to apply, and it would only make the population
of California one hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand four hundred and sixty-three souls. And
what is the ratio of representation? It is ninety-
three thousand seven hundred and twenty-one.
Take that number from one hundred and twenty-
three thousand lour hundred and sixty-three, and
it leaves a fraction of over twenty-nine thousand,
for which a representative is asked; while South
Carolina has a fraction of forty-seven thousand,
and Louisiana a fraction of over forty-six thou- i
sand. j
But take another view of the matter. Take •
the calculation for the whole State at ninety-two !
thousand five hundred and ninety-seven, and then
add fifty per cent., which is the maximum of the ,
assumed deficiency in the returns—thirty-three j
being the minimum, and fifty the maximum—and j
what is it? The addition of this fifty percent,
makes the whole population equal to one hundred
and thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and nine-
ty-five. Take from that number the ratio of rep-
resentation, namely, ninety-three thousand seven
hundred and twenty-one, and it leaves a fraction
of a little over forty-live thousand. Now, the
State of Louisiana has a fraction of over forty-six
thousand, and the State of South Carolina has a
still larger fraction, amounting to over forty-seven
thousand. Can California, therefore, complain
when we take the question even on these esti-
mates, and concede everything which is assumed,
even to its fullest extent?
Let ns come down to the fact as proved. This
thirty-three to fifty per cent, applies to the three
counties of which the superintendent of the cen-
sus of the State of California was speaking when
he sent that communication to the Legislature of
his own State, and with every disposition, no
doubt, to increase the population so as to give the
State a greater degree of political strength. And
with these facts before me, after having fully inves-
tigated thematter, can I be reasonably called upon
to violate a principle—an established and acknowl-
edged principle—merely for the gratification of the
people of California, unless, at the same time, I
gratify the people of the States of South Carolina
and Louisiana' That is the very question. Will
we give to the State of Louisiana one Representa-
tive for her fraction of forty-six thousand, and one
to South Carolina for her fraction of forty-seven
thousand? And, sir, there is another State of this
Union, which has a fraction of forty-three thou-
sand.
Mr. BADGER. Which State is that?
Mr. DAWSON. I believe it is the State of Ver-
mont. These are the fact's; and lam willing, if
I did not regard it a violation of principle, to do
California justice—yea, more than justice—as we
have always done. But they contend about the
population. Sir, the reason why these large esti-
mates are made by the gentlemen who have pre-
sented their letters as evidence before the com-
mittee, is, that many, very many, persona go to
California without any design of making it their
permanent residence. At least five bundled of my
constituents, actual residents of the State of Geor-
gia, are now in California. They go to the gold
mines withotit any intention of remaining perma-
nently in the State, and thus they come within
the enumeration of the population of California.
Every steamer that leaves our shores carries out a
large number of this class of population; and if
they were honest and patriotic citizens, when the
marshal cameround to take the enumeration, they
would respond that they belonged to the old
States. Sir, the transient population of Califor-
nia to-day is almost equal to the whole of the set-
tled population of that State. Have gentlemen
turned their attention to the number of families
settled m California? Have they looked to the
vote which was given for the Governor of that
State, and then multiplied it by five, the usual
mode of finding out the whole population of a
State? And when you remember that there are
at least ten males to one female, you will see that,
notwithstanding there is an immense population
there, it is not a resident population. I think this
is fully understood by gentlemen; but, under my
convictions of this matter, I am constiained to vote
against the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Louisiana. If.either of these amendments
should pass—if California gets another member—
or rather, 1 should say, if she get:- one more than
she is entitled to by her present population, as it
is known to us here, then I shall think myself
under an obligation to vote for one for Louisiana;
but I think the better plan is to adhere to princi-
ple; and 1 would ask, if the State of Georgia had
a fraction of ninety-two thousand three hundred
and seventy-one, only wanting one thousand to
make her entitled to another Representative,
whether, after establishing a principle, if another
had a fraction nearly as great, you would not let
that State have a Representative too ?
Mr. WELLER. Although lam laboring under
a hoarseness which, I know, will prevent me
from being heard in the Senate; yet I should fail
to discharge my duty, if I did not make some
response to what has fallen from Senators on the
other side of the question. I did not suppose that
there was any person acquainted with the state of
affairs in California, who seriously intended to
strike down one of her Representatives in the
other branch of the Legislature. This is a very
important question, so far as the interests of Cal-
ifornia are concerned. It is always a question of
importance when you regulate the political power
that any State shall exercise in theNational Legis-
lature. California is begging nothing from you;
she is only asking that she shall have her proper
weight, her proper influence in the other branch
of Congress, in the enactment of those laws by
which her citizens and the rest of the American
people are to be governed. She is only asking
that, when you come to apportion out the political
power of this Government, two hundred thousand
men, standing upon the shores of the Pacific ocean,
shall exercise the same political power as two
hundred thousand standing upon the shores of the
Atlantic.
We are only askingthat that same meed ofjustice
will be extended to us which is extended to other
portions of the American family; for we form part
of the American family—we are bone of your bone,
and flesh of your flesh. We are planted on the
shoies of the Pacific, and stand under the protection
of the same flag under which you stand,—the flag
that was never disgraced, never dishonored. The
Senators on the other side are desirous of showing
that California should be deprived of one of her
; Representatives. But why, sir? Before you un-
! dertake to strike down a member from a seat in
' the other branch of Congress, you ought to be
! sure that you have right and justice on your side.
I Have the people of California failed to discharge
| their duty ? Is there any obligation resting on the
' authorities of California that they have not com-
i plied with? Who pretends it? Has there been
] an actual enumeration of the inhabitants of the
1 State of California? Who says it? The Senator
| from Massachusetts says it; but the census agent
[ does not say so. You have selected an officer under
! your law—under the law of the Federal Govern-
ment, whose duty it was to take the enumeiation of
the population of California. You sent him there.
We had no agency in his appointment or selec-
tion. You sent him there with the power of the
