I860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
full discussion, and I hope that it will provoke no
discussion now, I call it up for the purpose of
hiving it passed, if there be sufficient strength
here to pass it; if not, let it be rejected. I wish
to have a decision of the subject. It is what is
known as " Miss Dix'a bill," for the relief of the
indigent insane; and I will throw myself not only j
on the courtesy, but upon the gallantry of the • '
Senate, to take it up and dispose of it now, one j
way or the other. I take it for granted, that al-
though Senators may be inclined to vote against
it, and feel it to be their duty to do so, no one
will be disposed to assail or attack it, and that it
will provoke no discussion. I move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill making a grant of lands to the several States
of the Union for the relief and support of indi-
gent insane persons.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
press that motion. The bill to which he alludes
is one to which I am opposed. If we can dis-
tribute lands among the States for that purpose, 1
we can do it for any other purpose. I hope it will
not be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Illinois is mis-
taken if he thinks the hill will not lead to discus-
sion .
Mr. SHIELDS. Then if it does give rise to
discussion, and any Senator indicates a wish to
debate it, 1 will not press it to-day. But 1 was in
hopes that, as it was so fully discussed before, it
would be settled one way or the oth((- now with- :
out discussion, f take no other interest in it, ex- i
cept to do what I consider to be mv duty as chair- ;
man of the committee which reported it. J
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that bill will be taken up !
and disposed of.
The motion was not agreed to, there being on
a division—ayes 17, noes 22.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now move to take up the
resolution of the House in regard to the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senafc,) That
the Piesidi nt of the Senate and the Speaker of thr House
of Representatives elo-p the present session ol Congress by
an adjournment of their respective on Monday, tin:
16th day of August next, at the hour of twelve o'clock,
meridian.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have called up this resolu-
tion for the accommodation of my honorable
friend from Louisiana, whose health is .such that
he will he obliged to leave tke eity. He wishes
to have some action on it befoie he leaves. Cut
I am still of opinion that it would be indiscreet
and improper for us to act upon it for some time
to come. 1 shall vote against concurring in the
resolution, although I have called it up.
Mr. SOULE. I do not wish to be understood
as indulging a personal desire or feeling of my
own, when I express my preference for an ad-
journment on the 16th of August. That, preference
I would unhesitatingly surrender, if I could but
be persuaded that the interest of the country, or
tile business of,the session could be promoted and
advanced by it. But my impressions, A'Ir. Pres- I
ident, are decidedly the other way. ! verily be- I
lieve that we hold the House nmW a solemn and
binding obligation—a bomi winch 1 am unwilling
to cancel—that it shall so dispose of the bills which i
await its action, as to send them hither in season j
to enable us to bestow upon their merits our most i
serious and most considerate attention. Weneed
not fear that by concurring in the resolution upon !
our table we will be exposed to a renewal of the j
mortifying scenes which were exhibited here at '
the Inst session, in the hurry with which we had !
to act upon most important and momentous meas- 1
ures. The House will feel the weight of respon- '
sibility that rests upon its shoulders, and is not j
likely to overlook the duties which that responsi- i
bility imposes. Should we not concur in the reso- :
lution as we have it on our desks, the friends of;
the amendment postponing the adjournment to the ij
30th of August, may find it at least difficult to !l
bring the House to assent to it; and then we are
again thrown at its mercy, and with no better
prospect of ending our labors than we had three
months ago. It seems to bean object, on all hands,
that the session should speedily be brought to a
close. The country, I apprehend, is rather more
anxious lest, in what remains of it, we should do
too much, than that we should do too little. By
fixing the adjournment for the 16th of August, we
have still twenty-six days left for winding up and
closing our labors. I would wish honorable Sen-
ators to distrust neither the House nor them-
selves, and they will soon discover that there is
ample time in those twenty-six days for perfect-
ing leisurely what may be incomplete, and for
doing up without precipitancy what may remain
undone. The postponement insisted upon, we all
know, will advance none of the objects sought to
be attained through it. We will be, on the 31st
of August, precisely where we would have been
on the 16th. The longer we postpone the ad-
journment, the greater will the tendency be to
crowd the Journal in both Houses with new
schemes of legislation, that will come and press
upon us at the last hour, to the detriment of the
legitimate business which should take precedence
upon them, and which will only be attended to in
earnest, when it shall be ascertained that there is
a fatal day, and a fatal hour, beyond which they
cannot be expected to reach. Such being the
view which I have taken of the question, my vote
shall be on this, as it was on a former occasion,
for adjourning on the 16th.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to say again, that I
really can seenothing to be accomplished, nothing
to be gained, by acting upon the resolution at
this time. I must say, that so far as 1 can judge,
! cannot see that the business of the session is m
such a conQttion as to allow us to fix a flay of
adjournment. Take, for instance, the deficiency
biil—a bill that ought to have been passed almost
the first week of the session, which we only
passed the other day, and then with great diffi-
culty. That being the case, I am unwilling,
while the question is in our own power, to let
that power depart from us. I would rather let
the resolution lie on the table; and when we think
the proper tune has come for adjourning, we can
j designate the time, and send the resolution to the
' House.
! Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the resolution
j in conformity with the suggestion made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. HuNi-i.it]
the other day, to strike out the " 16th," and in-
sert the " 30th," which is the last Monday in
August. ! suppose it is in order to do that now,
notwithstanding the vote of the Senate the other
day, by which the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers it to
be in order. The subject comes up at a subse-
quent day. It does not prevent the Senate from
deciding now that they will do what they then de-
cided they would not do. This resolution is not
like a bill.
Mr. SMITH. I hope iliat the vote will be
taken upon this subject without any very pro-
tracted disenssion. It is hardly worth while to
spend another day in debating it. I cannot, how-
ever, but feel some degree of surprise, after the
experience we have had on this subject, that an
honorable member of this body should suppose
that the business of the session can be brought to
a close without fixing a day of adjournment; or
that he should suppose that we can, until we do
fix that day, make any very considerable progress
vvr.h the public business. I care not how long we
remain here; we may go along, with the day un-
determined, from now until the middle of Septem-
ber, and we shall be, substantially, in the same
condition that we now are. It may be very de-
plorable that it should be so; it may be very deplor-
able that the appropriation bills are to be sent into
this Chamber from the House of Representatives,
within some six, or eight, or ten days of the ad-
journment; it may be very deplorable that we
should be obliged to hand over those bills to the
Committee on Finance, and that they should be
reported to us, and we be compelled to act upon
thern, as we have been heretofore, without an op-
portunity to give them hardly amoment's consid-
eration. Such has been our "past experience, rind
such, I venture to predict, will be our experience
at the present session of Congress; and, therefore,
I venture to make an appeal to my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Hunter,] to take this business into his own
hands—and I hope he will do it next session of
Congress—and prepare the bills, and report them
to the Senate, to the end that we may take them \
up, and give them some consideration. :
I repeat, sir, until we fix the day; until it be-
comes certain that Congress will adjourn within
some short period, no considerable progress will
be made with the public business. W hat is the
condition of bills that have passed the Semite and
been sent to the House of Representatives ? I do
not knowthat it is in orderfor me to refer to it,but
I believe that if we could ascertain the truth, if we
could have the facts before us, we should ascertain
that a vast number of them now lie accumulated
on the table of the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which have not received even a ref-
erence to the proper committees of that body.
I trust, therefore, without dwelling upon the
subject, that we shall now fix the day of adjourn-
ment. I know we shall be involved in difficulty,
and serious difficulty, too; but it is inevitable. I
hope we will now fix the day for adjournment;
and I am in favor of the last Monday in August
I cannot concur with the opinion of my honorable
friend from Louisiana upon this subject. That
honorable Senator says, that the House of Rep-
resentatives have taken the responsibility of fixing
the 16th day of August. When did they assume
that responsibility? Several weeks ago; and it
was on the assumption that we would then, agree
to it. But the state of things is now entirely al-
tered. We have a totally different state of things.
If we agree to the resolution, it will be passed;
and the House will have no opportunity to review
the question, whether, in the present condition of
the public business, they will be in a condition to
adjourn on the day they originally named. The
House, therefore, cannot properly be said, under
the existing circumstances of the case, to have as-
sumed the responsibility of deciding now, that we
can adjourn on the day named by them; but by
amending the resolution, as I now^propose, we
can send it back to the House, and they will have
an opportunity to review the subject and to decide
anew, whether they will be prepared to adjourn,
either on the day named in the amendment, or on
that named in their resolution. If they say now,
that they can be prepaied to adjourn on the day
originally named by them, I shall, for one, be
prepared to agree in it. But I think that they
ought to have an opportunity to review the ques-
tion, inasmuch as we did not act on it with any
great degree of promptitude, which opportunity
tliev will ha-#fe, if the amendment prevails.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to state to the Senate, that, after reflecting for
a moment upon the subject, he is now under the
impression that the question having been once
decided by the body on the yeas and nays, a mo-
tion to fix the same day which was once moved
and rejected by a vote of the Senate cannot be
made. The Chair will read the parliamentary law
on the subject:
" A question one*; cowied rjannot he questioned again at
the same session ; but mu>t stand as the judgment of the
house."
Mr.BRODHEAD. I presume that the amend-
ment can be received by unanimous consent, arid
that we can take a vote upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to suggest that it
was in reference to that very rule of the Senate
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Non-
ius] moved a reconsideration of the vote on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] with a view of bringing it
up again.
Mr. SMITH. To relieve the Chair and the
Senate from any difficulty on the subject, I will
move to insert " Tuesday the 31st." It cannot,
'! make any essential difference whether we adjourn
;j on Tuesday or Monday. I move to strike out
"Monday the 16th,"'and insert " Tuesday the
31st."
The PRESIDENT. That will be in order.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I accord with what
has been said by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shields.] So far as respects myself,
there is no member of the Senate more desirou.3
than I am of returning to my family, and not one
who has fewer personal motives to remain here
than I have. But there are considerations higher
than those. There is a change going on in the
legislative organization of this Government such as
would work great changes in other Governments
under other circumstances. Under the Consti-
tution we are a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. By the Constitution we have the right
to originate any bills except money bills—except
