1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the whole of it. Re.was no invited guest of the
nation,—not a whit more an invited guest of the
nation than the humblest emigrant that leaves the
shores of Europe and finds himself in the port of
New York. If the fact of placing that ship at his
control, or rather of charging that ship with the
duty of bringing Kossuth and his companions to
our shores; if the fact that he was brought to our
shores in that ship would have constituted him
the guest of the nation, he did not come in that
capacity. He left that vessel at Gibraltar, and
made an excursion to England. He left his asso-
ciates to come under our flag without him, and
he came here afterwards in a private packet
How, then, is he to be distinguished in the par.
ticular to which I am referring from any otheo
emigrant who seeks our shores? He can in no
way be distinguished. Other men who come here
are more humble. They may not have achieved
the name which he has acquired. They may
leave 'a transient impression in the little circle
which surrounds them, and then be forgotten,
while his name may remain and be perpetuated by
history to succeeding generations; but so far as
the claims of an emigrant may extend—so far as a
generous desire to give our hospitality to those who
come—so far as a wish to offer a refuge to the
persecuted, the oppressed, the unhappy, extends,
Louis Kossuth stands no particle higher than the
meanest and humblest down-trodden individual of
Europe who ever reached our shores. Indeed, so
far as claims to our sympathy are concerned,
surely to a generous mind there are particular
reasons why this sympathy should be opened and
shown forth more towards the lowly and the hum-
ble. I say, then, that there being nothing in the
original resolution but a simple proposition to
bring to this country one who was supposed to be
desirous of emigrating here, there is no more
reason why we should pass a resolution of wel-
come towards him than towards those thousands
of humble individuals who come here not under a
particular resolution, but under general invitation
held forth by our Constitution and our laws to the
oppressed, the poor, and the humble of every
state and clime.
The resolution of the last Congress, then, does
not pledge us to this step; but if it did, I ask, how is
it possible to resist the conclusion that the amend-
ment offered by my honorable friend from Georgia
[Mr. Berrien] ought to be attached to the pend-
ing resolution? and that the honorable Senator
from New York, when he drew it, should have
inserted in it the name—not the individual names
—but the general name, descriptive of all those
persons who are embraced in the original act of
Congress which gave rise to those proceedings.
The resolution of the last Congress makes no dis-
tinction among them. The President is requested
to furnish to them all, as Hungarian exiles in
captivity, a passage to this country—"to Kossuth
and his associates in captivity." What a strange
spectacle, then, do we exhibit, when our friends
on the other side of the Chamber resolutely refuse
to permit the associates of Kossuth to be incorpo-
rated in the resolution of welcome to Kossuth! Is
it to be construed as a degradation to Kossuth to
be put alongside in this resolution of those his as-
sociates? If the association be not offensive—if
he was willing to keep company with them, to be
prisoner «rith them, to receive their affectionate
ministrations and their affectionate sympathies,
my opinion is, that, if he has the soul of a. man in
his bosom, he will resent the idea of having com-
pliments paid to him alone, did we offer to do it.
When, during the war of 1812, and during the
recent war with Mexico, one of our commanders
gained a great victory, and Congress expressed
the sense of the nation upon the subject, were the
thanks of Congress expressed toward the com-
mander-in-chief, and the officers and soldiers who
served under him omitted and forgotten? No,sir;
the thanks of Congress were always bestowed
upon the commander-in-chief, and, through him,
to the officers and soldiers who served under him,
and by whose aid and assistance the victory had
been achieved. Has it not been always so? We
may vote medals to the generals; we may some-
times give additional pay to the soldiers; but the
thanks of Congress, the expression of the sense of
the country in behalf of those who have served
faithfully, and added another leaf to the laurels
which crown her brow, have always been voted
to all, in whatever situation, who have partici-
pated in the gallant deed. -And yet here are,
Mr. Kossuth's associates, not, I suppose, ser-
vants—men, I suppose, his equal in the sense in
which we understand equality. I presume they
are men whom he takes by the hand, whom he
does not keep at a distance, compelling them to
approach him in the attitude of servile dependence.
Yet when Congress is asked to bring Kossuth and
these very associates here, the first thing after that,
and after they are brought, is, that a resolution is
offered by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] to welcome Kossuth, and turn our backs
upon his associates. Sir, if any reason in the
world can be assigned for the resolution, it follows
as a necessary and indispensable corollary from it,
that the amendment should be also adopted. I do
not understand this thing. It is not consistent
with my notions, and what I believe to be Ameri-
can notions, of equality. We have sent a public
ship, or we have authorized the using of a public
ship, to bring Kossuth and some twenty or thirty-
other Hungarians, who have all fought for their
country, who have shared a common captivity
with him. When we propose to include these
men in the resolution of welcome, it is opposed as
interfering with the preeminent dignity of the
chief. Is that the American idea of equality?
I do not understand a very great deal about this
contest. Some of my honorable friends here, who
are much better acquainted with the case than I am,
have regarded it as a sort of attempt to uphold the
Magyar—or Maguire, as some of us call it—supe-
riority of race. Even if that is so, I presume these
associates of Kossuth are neither Croats nor Scla-
vonians, but belong to the privileged race, as well
as himself. I do dot suppose that Kossuth will feel
his dignity insulted if we choose to say to him,
We are glad to see you, and are glad also to see
the men you have brought with you.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I would ask my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] if he will vote
for the resolution in case the amendment he has so
much at heart should prevail?
, Mr. BADGER. The question need not have
been asked by the honorable Senator, because I
had answered it already. Allow me to assure the
Senator that he places me in no difficulty by ask-
ing questions of this kind. I have said, and I
repeat, I am opposed to the whole resolution, with
or without the amendment. Therefore the Sen-
ator did not ask the question in order to be in-
formed. For what purpose he did ask it, he is
best able to determine.
Sir, other reasons have been assigned in the
course of this discussion. It has been said that
we were committed to adopt some such precedent
as this, because it was of Executive recommend-
ation. I think, sir, some of the House who con-
sider ourselves preUy good Whigs, were rather
twitted by some of our friends on the other side,
because we were opposing what they said the
President recommended. Permit me to remark,
it is no Whig doctrine, that a Whig is bound to
support, with or without reason, whatever a Whig
President may recommend. If that doctrine obtains
among our friends on the other side with regard to
a Democratic President, it may be necessary they
should urge some special excuse for departing from
it m any particular case, while such departure
might, without such excuse, be considered aground
of censure, and an intimation that they had stepped
off the Democratic platform. But we acknowledge
no such doctrine, and therefore it would be a suf-
ficient answer to say, that even if it were the Pres-
ident's recommendation, we do not agree m its
propriety, and therefore cannot support it. But
the fact is, the President cf the United States has
recommended no such thing?
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Will myfiiend
allow me a moment of explanation?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. If I was understood as stating
that the President of the United States recom-
mended this resolution, I was certainly grossly
misunderstood. I stated the simple facts to be,
as I shall explain them on this occasion. I wish
it to he understood distinctly, that I said this before,
that I should never have moved, or thought of
moving in this business, but that I received an unex-
pected, kind, and very complimentary written appli-
cation from the Secretary of State of the United
States, requesting an interview upon this subject;
which interview was immediately held. In the
course of that interview he brought to my atten-
tion, in advance of the President's message being
received in this body, the fact that- the Presi-
dent would make substantially the recommenda-
tion which is to be found in the message. He
-requested me especially, and in a manner marked
with particular earnestness, to introduce, at the
earliest possible moment after the commencement.
of the session, a joint resolution for the purpose
of-raising a joint committee of the tjyO Houses of
Congress, to decide, in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the President contained in his mes-
sage, upon the most expedient mode of affording'
a national reception to Governor Kossuth* He
went further, as I may now state. I dislike to
go into these particulars; but really, the allusion
of the honorable gentleman makes it necessary for
me to do it. He requested me—having a very
high respect, as we all have, for that knowledge of
Earliamentary precedents which distinguishes so
ighly the Secretary of this body—to go to him
immediately. I went to his house without delay,
at the instance of the Secretary of State, for the
purpose of ascertaining how, m some way con-
sistent with Senatorial usage, such a joint reso-
lution could be introduced and passed, if such a
thing should turn out to be practicable, without
the necessity of previous notice. I learned from
the Secretary that the mode of proceeding thus
intimated by the Secretary of State, was not prac-
ticable. Therefore I did proceed to give notice,
as the Senate recollects.
I will state further, in explanation of my conduct,
that I should not have mentioned the name of the
Secretary of State at all except upon his express
authorization. It appears to me that if a joint
committee was raised, the Secretary should him-
self deliver the address to the Governor of Hun-
gary. I spoke to him to that effect; which he
promptly declined, from an unwillingness to do
anything which might look like compromitting our
neutral relations.
If I had known at first that there would have
been so much discussion about this delicate sub-
ject, as to the responsibility which the Adminis-
tration have assumed, or intended to assume, I
would have been more circumstantial in the first
instance. But really I could not anticipate such
a course of proceeding. It is true, and the Secre-
tary of State will bear me witness of the-fact, that
in the course of my interview with him, he went
so far into particulars as to refer to the former
reception of the Marquis de Lafayette, as afford-
ing a proper precedent. So that idea did not origin-
ate with this side of the Chamber. He suggested
it to me as the proper precedent, and said that in
his opinion the best mode would be to bring in
Kossuth, without any particular ceremony, to each
House, and have him introduced to the President
of this body and to the Speaker of the other House,
when suitable addresses should be made, in some
formal mode, by the presiding officer of each
House. That was .the idea of the • Secretary of
State; and concurring with him, I adopted the
course which I have pursued.
I wish all to understand, that owing to the deli-
cate character of this affair, I resolved not to enlist
in it at all unless I could be authorized by the Sec-
retary of State to say that it was at his instance
that l acted, and that he sanctioned the proceeding.
I hope that in all I have said, no one will under-
stand meas casting censure on any person. I have
been very desirous of receiving Kossuth in a man-
ner creditable to the nation, creditable to our nation-
al feeling, and in a manner required by the almost
unanimous voice of the people. Knowing the feel-
ings of some members of the Administration, I
was anxious to give the gentlemen on the other side
of the House a fair opportunity of participating
fn the eclat of the proceedings, and if they have
decli ned it, I think they have made a great mistake,
and that it has been one of the most serious polit-
ical blunders they have ever committed.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask my friend- from
Mississippi, whether, after having introduced this
resolution, at the instance of the Secretary of State,
he withdrew it without any conference with that
gentleman ?
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I withdrew the
resolution certainly, without any conference with
him. I withdrew it, because I did think honora-
ble gentlemen had not conferred as they might
have done with the powers that be. I did consider
that I was rather ungraciously treated by some
honorablegentlemen on the other side of the House,
