1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
through with the business by the day of adjourn-
ment proposed by the House. It will leave us no
time for deliberation here. What is the proposi-
tion now under consideration? It is to extend
that time to a future day. Do gentlemen imagine
that they are to force the House of Representa-
tives by such a process ? Suppose we amend the
resolution' in the form proposed, and send it to the
House, we then place it in the hands of the House
to dispose of it as they please. We shall have
lost ail our power over it. We shall have lost,
what now lies in our hands, the control of this
measure, which by many gentlemen is esteemed |
a matter of very great consideration under the cir-
cumstances which exist. Nowy would it be wise,
if they are right in the view which they take of the
subject, to extend the time named by the, House to a
future day by the amendment and throw the matter
back into the House of Representatives again ? I
thin kit would not. I wish, as 1 said the ofcher day,
to see my way clear through this matter before 1
undertake to fix a day of adjournment. I wish to
see that we have proper time to act upon the im-
portant measures which shall be sent to us, and
which must be sent to us from that body. I would
reserve the fixing of a day of adjournment until
we see daylight. Willi these views, I shall vote
against all these propositions.
Mr. MASON. When this resolution was be-
fore the Senate a few days ago, I vot«d for the
amendment of my colleague to postpone the time
of adjournment till the 30th of August. I did it
because 1 concurred in the opinion of that honor-
able gentleman, and others, that we should not
have sufficient time, judging from the probable
course of action of the coordinate branch of the
Legislature, to perfect theappropriatinn bills within
that time, i shall now change my vote. I be-
lieve that, between now and the 16th of August,
we shall have sufficient time to perfect the appro-
priation bills, provided they are immediately acted
upon m the House, where they originate. But,
if other legislation is to take precedenec of them,
1 am for concurring at once m the proposition of
the House, in order to induce them, if practicable,
to confine their deliberations, till the close of (he
session, to the appropriation bills. I do not be-
lieve that requiring the appropriation bills to be
sent here in ten days, or foui teen days, oi twenty-
four days, before the adjournment, wiil expedite
the action of the House upon those bills. If it be
expedited at all, it will he from our prompt action
on the determination of the House to adjourn on
the J 6th of August.
I agree with the Senator from Michigan, that i
all deliberation has practically been taken from us !
on the most important questions belonging to this ]
Government—the appropriation of the money of,
the people. If there be any mode of correcting
the evil which he has pointed oat, I will go with !
gentlemen in devising that mode. It may be by i
originating these bills here. I see no objection to i
originating the bills here, except a proper regard |
for the practice of the country. But, if the Sen-
ate is to be driven to it, I shall go with gentlemen
in doing it. But I shall change my vote now on
this subject. 1 will vote for the day of adjourn-
ment named by the House, and I will do it with !
the belief that the House will conform its action
to its own act in fixing that day; with the belief !
that it will bring to the notice of the country the
fact that, if the appropriation bills are lost, it will
be by the habitual action—I will not say of which 1
House. If they are put off til! the lost days of the j
session, so that we have no time for deliberation, I
I wish to let the country see who is responsible ,
for it. i will take the responsibility, for one, of'
now fixing the day. I am willing to vote for the !
earliest day—that which was suggested by the :
House of Repiesentatives. j
Mr. BELL. I do not rise to notice any sug- S
gestion thrown out to remedy the mischief of
having appropriation bills sent here during the '
few last days of the session, as they have hereto- j
fore been to the great embarrassment of the Sen- !
ate, because they could not be considered maturely i
by us. From my experience of the legislation of i
Congress for many years, I never expect to see j
the time when many of the most important bills i
will not have to be acted upon by one House or |
the other in the very closing hours of the session.
It results from the constitution of Congress, and
from the freedom of discussion and debate, and
the freedom of action of the members, and from
the general disposition to throw off the most im-
portant mattei s that come before us for consider-
ation until the close of our services here at each
session.
With regard to the particular proposition now
before the Senate, it occurs to me that the resolu-
tion was m the most effective position when it was
lying on the table for the piesent. We had some
very appropriate discussion the other day, which
was calculated to have a proper effect on the coun-
try, and on the Senate and House of Represent-
atives. I think it had some effect. I think that
the postponement of the question at that time was
very properly made; and I may &ay that I think
some Senators are rather unjust to the House in
saying or supposing that under the pressure of
that debate they would not expedite the business
in the House. Let me enumerate some things
that they have done since the discussion of the
other day. They have closed up the deficiency
bill .with very little trouble, and without loss of
time, and have passed the Indian appropriation
bill m a reasonable time. They took up also and
passed the Mihtaay Academy bill, a subject which
has often occupied days and days of discussion;
and now they have taken up the river and harbor
bill, and will probably dispose of it in a few days.
But the objection now made is, that the river and
harbor bill is interposed between the appropri-
ation bills, and this industry and dispatch which
has been manifested m the House within the last
few days does not content the Senate. They
would have been content, pet haps, if the river and
harbor bill had not been interposed.
But that bill is one ot those very measures which
require the most mature consideration; it is one
winch is usually composed of many items which
deserve the consideration of both bodies. It re-
lates to a branch of public policy which has been
considered of great importance by several Admin-
istrations, though there have been intermissions
in that policy, and it may be said that the public
mind is not fully settled as to the question whether
it is a proper policy or not. I think the House of
Representatives have taken the proper steps by
taking up that question in advance of some of the
appropriation bills, in order that it may be acred
upon and sent to the Senate, so that it may meet
with due conMdeiation here, before the other ap-
propriation bilisaie thrown in pell-mell at theclose
of the session. The probability is, that unless we
get at the consideration of that great measuresoon,
it will have to be passed without consideration, or
be condemned with as little. Whatever may be the
opinion of the majority of the peopleof the United
States, it is a question which excites deep interest
in a large portion of the Union, particularly in the
Northwest, and in some degree in the .Southwest.
It is a proper subject to be taken up, as a measure
of importance, and which ought to be dispatched
by the House and given to the Senate in due time
for their deliberation; and whatever maybe the
final decision upon the question, it should be ma-
turely considered. I presume it was taken up by
the House with a view to giving it due considera-
tion there in the first place, and, secondly, to give
the Senate an oppoitunity to discuss and consider
the policy of that measure. It is in some sense an
appropriation bill. Bills of that nature heretofore
have contained appropriations to an amount of
some two or three millions ofdollais. And it does
not lose the character ot* a most important meas-
ure, and at the same time of an appropriation bill,
because its policy has sometimes been favored by
one Administration, and again condemned by an-
other.
I rose, however, for the purpose of saying that the
debate here, the other day, has had a salutary effect
on the House, as I think, and that they have done
well since that discussion, and if we think proper
to let it he on the table another week it will still
have a salutary effect. I think that the House are
now under some obligations to send the appropri-
ation bills here before the 16th of August. Mem-
bers of that House must feel the force of that ob-
ligation. This is a mode of giving activity and
energy to their movements, and I would suggest,
though I-will not move it, that the resolution had
better lie on the table another week. I am myself
ready to adjourn on the 16th of August, if we can
have the most important appropriation bills sent
to us. I voted, the other day, for the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] be-
cause, having the control as he does, of the most
important bills before either House of Congress^,
I thought his opinion was entitled to some defer-
ence. I think it possible now, that we may get
through by the 30th, and if the House of Rep- ,
resentatives will send the appropriation bills here
by the sixteenth, we can do it. But, as I sug-
gested before, I hope the Senate will agree to let
the resolutionlie on the table for a few davslonger,
so that we may see if it will not quicken the move-
meats of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PRATT. I concur entirely in what has
been said by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler.] I believe that the self-respect and
the preservation of the purity, the independence
at least, of this body, as one of rhe branches of
the National Legislature, depend on our prompt"
and decisive action on this question.
The House of Representatives, a month ago or
more, passed a resolution, stating that they would
be ready to adjourn on the 16th of August; they
have not asked us to send that resolution backj
they have not made any motion to reconsider thaS
vote; therefore they say, in effect, to the country
that they are now prepared to adjourn on the 16t&
of August I That is what the country must un-
derstand. and can only understand, by the action
of the House of Repiesentatives. Well, now we
are asked to say that we cannot adjourn on the
16th of August, because, it is said, the appropria-
tion bills will not be sent here in sufficient time to-
admit of due consideration by the Senate! The
only mode of correcting this evil is, by bringing-
public, opinion to bear on it; and the only mode-
by which you can bring public opinion to bear, is
to reject the appropriation bills sent here at the
close of a session, unless they come in time to en-
able us to consider them—and to consider then*
with proper deliberation. ' There can be no doubt'
as to what should be our course with respect to'
this question, in my opinion. Let the amount of
evil caused by the rejection of the appropriation
bills be what it may, it is nothing comparable to
the mischief produced by one branch of the Legis-
lature forcing the other to act without really
knowing what they act upon.
The House of Representatives have said, and
now say, to the country, that they are ready to
adjourn on the 16th of August. Let us adopt the
i evolution th^y have sent here, and if they do not
enable us to receive the appropriation bills in suf-
ficient time before the 16th to consider them delib-
erately, let us reject the bills; then the public wil?
see where the evil lies and correct it. But if you
postpone the day of adjournment; if no such con-
sequence fijows out of it, public opinion will not
be drawn to the subject, and the evil will last for-
e\er. Suppose that the appropriation bills are not
passed, and we adjourn at the day appointed by
the House resolution, we meet again on the 1st
December, and I want to know where is the great
and overwhelming hardship to the country, if they
are not passed ? I am unable to see it.
I think this resolution affords us an opportunity
npon which I am anxious to seize to procure a
decision by which the attention of the public will
he drawn to the question; and I do hope, if the
House of Representatives do not send us the ap-
propriation bills in time to enable us to consider
them maturely, that we will adjourn without act-
ing upon them. I am desirous that such an event
should occur, in order that the public may seethe
evil and correct it, as it can only be corrected by
the sound action of public opinion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It occurs to me that if we
occupy the whole time between this and the 16th
of August in discussing this question of fixing a day
for adjournment, we shall not be very likely to get
through the business by that day. If, however,
we would postpone all unnecessary discussions,
possibly we might get through by that time. If
we continue to debate this matter for two weeks,
I do not think that the opinion of any one will be
changed. .1 therefore hope that the question will
be taken.
Mr. GWIN. When the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] was passing a eulogy upon
the House of Representatives for taking up the
river and harbor bill, I wish at the same time he
had told the Senate why it was not taken up four
or five months ago, so that we might have had an
ample opportunity for discussing it in the Senate.
Instead of adopting this course dictated by an ob-
vious sense of duty, they have passed it over until
the seventh or eighth month of the session, and
