998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
of the inhabitants of California; that he has only
been able, because of the existence of an extraor-
dinary state of things there, to obtain partial returns
from some of the counties of that State. You are
now asked to disbelieve hiin, and to assume that
an enumeration of thewhol eState has been made.
1 ask whether you are to raise these presumptions
in order to deprive a State of a Representative?
Sir, neither you nor I can tell what will be the
population of that State before the next census is
regularly taken in 1860. With the immense emi-
gration that is now flowing into that country,
nobody can estimate what will be its strength and
power ten years hence. With its agricultural re-
sources, and its commercial position, aside from its
mineral wealth, ere that day shall arrive it must be
one of the mightiest States of this Republic. I ask
nothing from you as a matter of charity. I ask
nothing from your sympathies; but I ask you to
look at the'evidence, to look at the return of your
own officer, and upon that evidence to decide the
important question whether the State of California
shall lose a Representative in the other branch of
Congress.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senate will recollect
that there are several other States that have large
fractions. If we proceed to give a Representative
to Louisiana for her fraction, New Hampshire
■will present herself with a fraction of thirty-six
thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and
Vermont with a fraction of thirty two thousand
nine hundred and twenty-seven, and so with sev-
eral other States. The principle upon which it is
urged that the amendment in reference to Califor-
nia should be adopted is this; we have no accurate
census of that State; and having no accurate cen-
sus, we cannot fairly undertake to change the num-
ber of Representatives provided for her in the act
for the admission of that State into the Union—a
principle entirely different from the one upon which
the honorable senator from Louisiana relies. I
hope, therefore, that his amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to say a few words,
merely for the purpose of setting myself right. I
wish to show tnat there is no difference about this
matter when we understand each other as to time.
Time is vastly important in this discussion. When
the committee called upon the head of the Census
Bureau in this city, he sent them the following in-
formation. It is dated February 25, 1852:
" I have the honor to send you a statement of the returns
now received from California, by counties, with the amount
of population carried out. It will be seen that the returns
from two counties, Butte and Tuolumne, are incomplete,
and that from three counties, Santa Clira, Contra Co^ta,
and San Francisco, no returns have been received.'5
There are, then, but those five counties which
have not been returned. Leaving them out, the
population returned into the office was ninety-two
thousand five hundred and ninety-seven. About
that there is no dispute; that is official, and comes
in as being the population on June 1st, 1850.
When the census agent was corresponding with
the Legislature of California, it was April, 1851.
We have now got the returns from the three last
counties, Contra Costa, Santa Clara, and San
Francisco—twenty-five thousand and some odd
hundred. Against those returns nothing has been
said; adding them to the ninety-two thousand,
we have a population for California of something
over one hundred and seventeen thousand. Then
there are these two other counties, Tuolumne and
Butte, from which but partial returns had then
been received. These two are spoken of by the
gentleman who took the census, in his letter, or
report, which is rather hard to be comprehended.
When he spoke of the population, in 1851, to the
Legislature of California, who were about to reg-
ulate their representation according to the enu-
meration, he said that the population had greatly
increased. He thinks that thirty-three and a
third or fifty per cent, ought to he added to it
Whether he applies that back to the time of taking
the census, or to the condition of the population
at the time he made his report, I do not know
But it is very evident that no allegation has been
made against the returns of the twenty-four coun-
ties which have been actually received at the Cen-
sus Bureau. To show that the county of Butte
was at first but partially taken, you have but to
refer to document No. 5, accompanying the re-
port, where it is put down at four thousand seven
hundred and eighty-six—it had previously been
put down at three thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-four—showing that the returns had- been cor-
rected. The returns, then, as corrected, added
together, made up an aggregate of one hundred and
seventeen thousand. For the purpose of putting
myself right, a little while ago, I added the thirty-
three and a third and fifty per cent, to the ninety-
two thousand taken at the time when the census
properly was taken, and I could not find that the
fraction would be larger than that of Louisiana or
South Carolina. I could not make it out so; and
I have not had the matter sufficiently explained to
me to enable me to come to the conclusion that
California has a larger fraction than South Caro-
lina or Louisiana. I shall, therefore, have to
vote against theamendment.
Mr. GWIN. I would call the attention of the
Senator from Georgia to the letter of the agent
himself as to the county of Butte. The Senator
said that the returns from that county were com-
plete.
Mr. DAWSON. No,sir; I say that they were
changed from three thousand five hundred and
seventy-four to four thousand seven hundred and
eighty-six, and were said to be complete. I can-
not tell how that is.
Mr. GWIN. I have here the last letter of the
agent himself, after suits had been ordered to be
brought against him for not having performed his
duty. He says that he has a copy of the returns
of Butte county, but declines transmitting it to
the department, on account of its not being exe-
cuted m accordance with the law, but that he has
instructed his assistant to make out a copy in con-
formity with the law. That has never yet been
received here. He also says that he has not made
returns from Tuolumne county. The returns of
Butte county were never completed.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot see that the proposition
to give Louisiana a member, and the proposition
to give California a member, are at all parallel, or
stand upon the same footing. Nobody pretends
to say that there has not been an actual enumera-
tion in Louisiana. That actual enumeration has
been returned, and taking the lawand enforcing it
as it is, Louisiana does not get an additional mem-
ber for her fraction. She is therefore deprived of
no right by not having one. If I were to be guided
by my feelings in this matter, and not by my sense
of duty, 1 should certainly vote to give Louisiana
a member; but 1 am bound to act according to my
sense of duty. The cases of California and Loui-
siana are not parallel. In the case of California,
nobody pretends that there has been an actual enu-
meration of her inhabitants returned upon which
we can act. The Constitution is imperative, that
we shall make an actual enumeration of the inhab-
itants. Ilere the very agents that you sent out to
make the enumeration, say they have not made it.
The agent of the Census Bureau, who took the
census, tells you himself that he has not been able
to complete the enumeration. The facts of the
case show that, so far as California is concerned,
the Constitution has not been complied with, and
no actual enumeration has been made. How,
then, does the case stand ? I am not disposed to
extend favors, or to do injustice to California. I
do not put it upon either ground. She was ad-
mitted herewith certain privileges; one of those
privileges was to be represented in the other branch
of Congress by two members. That she has by
law; and it is strictly constitutional. Now, can
you deprive her of one of those members ? Is it
just to deprive her of one of them? What
means have you to deprive her? The Consti-
tution points out the means. You have a right
to apportion her Representatives again, provided
.you do it according to an actual enumeration.
Have you that actual enumeration produced ? I
cannot see it; and therefore I cannot vote to do
her injustice. If we had a strictly complete and
accurate enumeration of California, and that enu-
meration showed that she was entitled to but one
memher, there could be no question about it; but
there has been no actual enumeration to show that.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been somewhat struck
by tne remarks of the honorable Senator from
Texas. I did not listen to the earlier stages of
this debate, but, if I have understood the remarks
of the gentleman aright now, it seems to me to be a
very plain case. There is not, in my humble
opinion, an accurate, and correct, and constitu-
tional enumeration before us of the population
of California; or in other words, there is not
before us data that will enable us to increase or
diminish the representation of that State. I hold
that you must have this data before you can either
increase or dimmish the representation of a State.
That is the ground upon which the gentleman has
put it. I think we cannot patch up the returns of
the census, as the attempt is made to do here. Take
the case of Massachusetts. Suppose there had
been no enumeration of the population in" that
State at all. How is that State in that case to be
treated? You are not authorized to increase her
representation. You have no data on which to
increase it. You are not authorised to diminish
it. You have no data that will authorize you to
do that. In my judgment you must have the enu-
meration before you; you must have data of such
a character as to authorize you either to increase
or to diminish. If you have not such data, then
you must leave the representation of the State as
it stands—permit it to remain as it is. How is
California in that case? She has two members.
According to my view, you cannot take away one
of those members upon a mere supposition, with-
out doing injustice to that State; and you cannot
increase the representation, for you have no enu-
meration to justify it; therefore you must leave
the matter as if no enumeration had been made, and
no census taken—as if we knew nothing of the
population there. That being the case, it occurs to
me that the condition of California does not affect
South Carolina at all. California stands upon
her own basis—upon her own merits. South Car-
olina, by the law as it now stands, is entitled to
her Representative. There is no question about
that. The condition of California, which is irreg-
ular, ought not to change, in any respect, the rule
as to South Carolina. That is the consideration
which will govern my vote.
I am willing, therefore, as there is no enumera-
tion—no correct and perfect enumeration—in this
case that will justify us in changing the condition
of California, to let that State remain as she is—
keep her status—the one you have given her wb?n
you brought her into the Union. You are not
authorized to change that except upon some data.
The data must be regular, must be correct, must be
as perfect as your agents can makethem,before you
can change her condition. Then let California stand
as she is until you have that data, and let South
Carolina have the member to which she is entitled
by the law as it now stands. But I cannot go fur-
ther than that. I cannot, as I now feel, vote an
additional member to the State represented by the
honorable gentleman from Louisiana, though I
should be glad to do so. I think that the law, as
it now stands, gives South Carolina a clear title,
without any change, to this Representative. As
you have no returns from California upon which
you can base a correct and satisfactory action,
you mustpermit California to remain assheis until
you have these returns, and not change her con-
dition.
Mr. BELL. I wish to make a single inquiry
of the honorable Senator from Texas, and also of
the honorable Senator from Illinois. If they are
right, I certainly do not understand this question.
1 do not profess to have investigated it with so
much care as the gentlemen who have discussed
it. I do not perceive that South Carolina must be
entitled, under the act of 1850, to a member for
her fraction. If it be true that we have no ground
upon which to deprive California of two members,
I think the argument is strong, and it would be
very difficult to refute it, inasmuch as by the act
we have passed for the admission of California
into the Union, we have provided that she shall
be allowed two members until the next enumera-
tion of the inhabitants shall be made under the
Constitution. Well, upon what assumption was
that law enacted ? It was enacted upon the as-
sumption by Congress, that from the facts then
before Congress, California was fairly entitled to
two members, according to her population. The
ratio, then, I believe, was seventy-two thousand.
We assumed then, at all events, that she had
twice the number of seventy-two thousand, and
we provided that she should continue to hold two
members in the House of Representatives until an
actual enumeration. I have not heard it disputed
yet, though I think the honorable Senator from
Georgia, m his first argument, intimated that that
was not a true state of the case; that the officer
of the United States who took the census himself,
admits that there is no actual enumeration of the
