1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1868
that, too, after passing a resolution that they will
adjourn on a given day.
The House commences the discussion of this
important measure when there is scarcely time to j
pass the necessary appropriation bills, and' will j
send it here to impede the passage of thesebills as j
it did before. I am prepared to take up and give '
a deliberate discussion to the river and harbor bill |
when there is time for such discussion; but I am
opposed to giving it precedence of the whole im-
portant business of the country. I am by no
means willing, Mr. President, to see the experi-
ment which the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pratt] seems to court. This Government has
been in existence under the Constitution for up-
wards of sixty years, and the appropriation bills j
have never yet been lost. I do not wish to see 11
such an experiment tried.
Mr. CLEMEN'S. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that we had better
go to voting, and for that purpose I shall make a
motion; but before I do so I wish to answer
one or two suggestions which have been made by
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.] That
Senator says that the House of Representatives
yet say that they are ready to adjourn. He is i
mistaken, however, for the chairman of the Com- |
mittee of Ways and Means says that they cannot
be ready by the 16th of August. His opinion is, '
that if this resolution had been adopted when it
first came here, the House would have worked
up to it; but that now it is altogether impossible
to get through the business by that time.
Another thing: the Senator from Maryland
said he would be quite willing to adjourn without
passing any appropriation bills. I have no doubt
that the Whigs generally, both in this and the
other House, would be perfectly willing to adjourn
without passing any appropriation bills, and then,
when they had an opportunity of going before the j
country, amuse themselves by laying all the blame i
upon the Democrats. 1 move to lay the whole j
subject upon the table; and upon that motion I i
ask the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. BELL. I will ask if that motion should |
prevail, whether it will not be perfectly in order to i
move to take up the resolution at any time ? j
The PRESIDENT. Certainly the subject can I
be taken up at any time upon motion to take it
up.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Biooke, Cass, Clemens,
Davis, De Sau^uie, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodgeof Iowa,
Downs, Fetch, Ueyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Jones oflowa, Mor-
ris, Shields, Stockton, and Sumner—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Borland, Bright, Brod-
iiead, Butler, Charlton, Chase, Clarke, Dawson, Douglas,
Fish, Foot, Houston, Hunter, James, King, Mason, Meri-
wether, Miller, Pearce, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Soule, Spruance, Toucey, Upham, Wade, and
Weller—33.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question now occurs
on postponing the further consideration of the
resolution until this day week.
Mr. BELL. If the Senate will allow me, I
will withdraw that motion. I see that it is the
sense of the Senate to fix a day.
No objection being made the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. CHASE. When this question was under
the consideration of the Senate a few days since,
I voted against the proposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] to
strike out the " 16th August" and insert instead ji
the "30th August," as the day of adjournment; jj
but it now appears, by the information received h
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, [Mr.
Houston,] that it will be impossible to get through
the business by the 16th August; I shall there-
fore reverse my former vote, and now vote for the
proposed amendment.
It is very well known, by those who are ac-
quainted with the early history of this Government,
that, almost at the outset, a proposition was made
to divide the business between the Senate and the
House of Representatives. That proposition did
not prevail, and then grew up the practice, which
has ever since prevailed, of originating all the ap-
propriation bills in the House of Representatives,
and then sending them to the Senate. There is
nothing, however, in the Constitution requiring
this course of action, and before we complain of
the House of Representatives for negligence in the
performance of its duties, it seems to me that it
belongs to us to ascertain the extent of our powers,
and then, if the appropriation bills are not sent to
us soon enough by the House of Representatives
to enable this body to act on them, we should
originate those bills here, and send them down to
the House.
I do not concur in one observation which was
made by the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Butler.] He seems to think that
this Government would get along very well with-
out any sessions of this body or of the House of
Representatives; that if Congress were not to sit
for twenty years—I believe that was the period
he named—-Government would proceed quite as
well as if we had our regular annual sessions. I
concur rather ill the remark of a distinguished
French civilian, that "every departure from an-
nual legislative sessions is an approach to despot-
ism;" and I believe that if that event should take
place, which the Senator seems to contemplate
with favor, the suspension of the sessions of Con-
gress for a period of ten or twenty years, the re-
sult would necessarily be either the consolidation
of the Government and the establishment of a des-
potism, or the dissolution of the Union. Neither
of these events could I contemplate without pain
and dismay.
Upon the whole, I am in favor of action upon
this subject now—in favor of fixing that time
which the chairman of the Committee on Finance
here,and thechairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means ill the House of Representatives, indi-
cate as the time within which the business of Con-
gress can be accomplished. I shall therefore vote
in favor of the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] to the resolu-
tion as it now stands.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clemens] took occasion to say, a few mo-
ments ago, that every Whig on this floor would
be willing to adjourn without passing the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] has made allusion to my remarks, and I
wish to correct myself if the Senator from Geor-
gia will allow me.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I have stated, Mr. President,
that I wished to correct myself, and m doing so I
shall take the liberty of making a few remarks
applicable to the Senator from Ohio, as he has
gone out'of his way to attribute to me language
which I did not employ. I believe I did say, sir,
that "this Government would go on without a
meeting of Congress for three or four, or perhaps
even for ten years; aad in making that remark, t
my view was to show its stability. I am not one j
of those who believe so entirely in the supremacy ;
of Federal legislation. I am one of a class of;
politicians that believe that if there were less mllu- j
ence exerted through the Federal head, and more :
honor in the different parts of the Confederacy,
we should have the elements of an honorable
Union—a Union unlike that which is now almost
torn asunder by the agitating speeches of Jacobins
in this Hall.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is sorry to in-
terrupt the Senator, but he must remind him that
the question is on agreeing totheamendmentpro-
posed to the resolution in regard to adjournment.
The Senator, therefore, must be aware that lie is
not speaking in order.
Mr. BUTLER. When I say that subjects
have been agitated in this Hall having a Jacobm
tendency, am I out of order ? Can I not refer to
such speeches ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, in a general
way.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, then, let those make
the application of the remark who have introduced
I the elements of discord into this House. I am
i willing to take my share of it, sir, if any applies
i to me. But, sir, allow me to say that I believe
I there are elements of perpetuity in American and
Saxon institutions independent of the annual
agency of Congress; and if I did not believe it I
should have but a poor opinion of, and very little
confidence in, republican institutions. Yes, sir,
my confidence in the perpetuity of republican in-
stitutions would die the moment I could suppose
it depended upon the wisdom of men who choose
to claim, for the Federal Government, powers
which were never conceded to it. Sir, what has
this Government become? A mere agency, to
collect and distribute money, or to meet and gen-
erate discussions of the most injurious kind—dis-
cussions calculated to throw apart the different
members of this Union, bound together by a com-
mon league. When I used the remark to which
allusion has been made 1 did so with no view of
introducing the topic which the gentleman from
Ohio has introduced, let him disguise it as he
may. I did not introduce it with any such view;
but I do say that I do not think I shall submit to
any species of legislation in the other Housewhich
is unconstitutional and offensive. That was my
object; and I thought the sooner we come to the
issue—the practical question—the better, if you
must have a practical Governmeat.
Before I close, allow me to make a remark in
regard to what was said by the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] fie has introduced
another topic here, which does not belong to this
occasion. Sir, if we had assented to the proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives fixing the 16th
of August as the day of adjournment, would the
river and harbor bill have been taken up in the
House? No, sir; not at all. And that very fact
shows that, by taking up any given topic for dis-
cussion, they can force this body to adopt their
measures; and 1 suppose that, in that way, the
river and harbor bill will be forced upon us. No
doubt they have counted the votes, and intend that
it shall be passed without discussion. I know that
those who have the power can distribute the pub-
he money, or the public lands of this country; but
lam not to be satisfied, as the Senator from Ten-
nessee would be, by taking a silent vote, without
raising my voice upon the subject. But, sir, that
fact shows the importance of our coming to some
conclusion. Fix a time for adjournment. Let it
be the time which the House itself has fixed—the
16th of August; and I will warrant you that it
will at once take up and dispose of all the appro-
priation bills necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment. I never have said that appropriations for
objects within the legitimate and constitutional
sphere of this Government should not pass. I
have never said that appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army and Navy, and other constitu-
tional purposes, should not be made. No such
thing, sir; and more, so long as I have anything
to do with the Government, 1 shall not fail to do
my duty in these respects. If such appropria-
tions are defeated, it will not be by my agency.. It
is not our fault, but the fault of the times, that
measures are brought here which are not within
the sphere of our constitutional duties, and with
which we have no right to meddle.
Neither am I to be told, Mr. President, by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] that the
State of South Carolina is not interested.in appro-
priations of this Government. I made no allusions
to California which were not perfectly respectful.
It is true that I was opposed to her admission into
the Union, for reasons which I urged at the time,
and which I still think were good. But I have
ceased to make war upon California; and since
she has been admitted I am as ready to do justice
to her as I am to any other State, notwithstanding
I had some objection to her coming into the Union.
All I said was, and I say it again, that from her po-
sition she will be an ally to the doctrine of free trade,
and will, at the same time, uphold theconstitutional
rights of the minority. But, sir, I did not rise to go
into these questions, but simply to say, that when
gentlemen i lse to make allusions which are not
called for, they should remember the proverb which
says, "Those who live in glass houses should not
throw stones."
Mr. GWIN. Only one word. The Senator
from South Carolina must have misunderstood me.
I simply stated that South Carolina was not so
deeply interested in local legislation as California.
Mr. DAWSON. As I was goingon to observe,
sir, when interrupted by the Senator from South
Carolina, a friend of mine [Mr. Clemens] has
said that he had no doubt every Whig on thi3
floor was desirous that Congress should adjourn
without passing the appropriation bills. _ So far as
I am concerned, I disclaim that imputation. _ I do
not desire that Congress should adjourn without
passing the appropriation bills, nor do 1 wish the
impression to go abroad to the country that either
