90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBSl
Dec. 12,
Foot of Vermont, Foote of Mississippi, Gwin, Hamlin,
James, Jones of rowa, Mallory, Miller, Norris, Rhett, Sew-
•ard, Shields, Smith, Stockton, Sumner, Wade, and Whit-
■comb—27.
So it was not agreed to.
The question then being on the other branch of
the amendment—
a But while welcoming these Hungarian patriots to an
asylum in our country and to the protection which our Jaws
do, and always will, afford to them, it is due to candor to
declare that it is not the purpose of Congress to depart from
the settled policy of this Government which forbids all in-
terference with the domestic concerns of other nations"—
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was modified
by substituting "this Hungarian exile" for "these
Hungarian exiles," in consequence of the rejection
of the first branch of the amendment.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the amendment as modified, resulted—yeas 15,
nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badrer, Borland, Butler, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Dawson, Geyer, Hunter, King, Miller, Morton, Rhett,
Bpruance, Underwood, and Upham—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Blight, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felch, Fish,
Foot of Vnmont, Foote of Mis«i«*ippi, Gwin, llamlin,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallorv, Norris, Sewaid, Shields,
Smith, Stockton, riuinnei, Wade, Walker, arid Whit-
comb—'96.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. When this resolution was
first introduced, I gave notice that I should move
to substitute in place of it the resolution originally
introduced by the Senator from Mississippi. 1
now move to amend by striking out all after the
resolving clause of this resolution and inserting:
That a joint committee, of the two Houses of Congress,
to consist of three mombeis oi the Senate and five mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, be appointed by the
presiding officers of the respective Houses to make suit-
able arrangements for the reception of LouisKossuth, Gov-
ernor of Hungary, on bis ariival in the United States, and
to communicate to him assurances of the profound respect
enlcitauiedfor him by the people of the United States; and
to tendei to him, on the pait of Congress, and in the name
of the people of the United States, the hospitalities of the
Metropolis of the Union.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " That,"
and inserting—
" The Confess, in the name and on behalf of the people
of the I • nited State*, cordially ■jvmpnthize with the people
of Ilurigaiy m then leeont laudable and heroic •atruffsle, and
in their present mihtortunes; that it lecogmze* and cordially
welcome5? Louis Kossuth, late Governoi of Hungary, and
his associate, exiles, who have recently landed on our
-ehoie-s as worthy representatives of their countty, and in-
vites them to the capital, as guests of the Union; that it
request-' the President of the United States to receive and
■entertain them, in such maimer as he may deem proper;
and that the sum of dollars be and the same is hereby
appropriated and plaocd at the disposal of the Picsident, to
pay the expenses oi the reception and eiitertaimnentof such
guests during their sojourn at the capital."
I will not detain the Senate with anything like
a speech on this subject. The Senate has already
heard a great deal on the subject, and it has heard
remarks"more valuable and interesting than any I
could make. I propose, in a few words, to state
the reasons why I offer this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. BORLAND. I give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I hope the friends
of the measure will insist on coming to a final
vote.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion, in or-
der to make a single remark. If the proposition
of my friend from Arkansas shall be adopted, I,
and perhaps others, may desire to say something.
I was very much in hopes that the resolution might
have passed in the form proposed by the Senator
from New York, without any call for the yeas and
nays. I shall object to the resolution in any other
form. Any other form of the resolution will lead
to great division of opinion. I renew the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND, I would say to the Senator
fiom South Carolina that 1 shall not occupy five
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I withdraw.
Mr. BORLAND. I offer this resolution, as
the only one for which I can vote under the present
■c rcumstances of the case. In paying this com-
pliment to a distinguished foreigner,! wish to pay
it in a substantial manner. I do not want to com-
mit this Government to any course of policy
which he may have indicated. This proposition
is simply to welcome him as a distinguished stran-
ger, one who has rendered services to his country
which have deserved £he admiration of the world.
Inasmuch as the President of the United States
has called the attention of Congress to the subject
of a reception, I am for carrying out the resolu-
tion of the last session. Then we submitted to
the President the employment of a public vessel,
and I am now for leaving the question of enter-
tainment to his discretion. In the amendment, I
propose to place a sum of money at the disposal
of the President for that purpese. In this amend-
ment I have styled Kossuth " the late Governor
of Hungary." I have done so in accordance with
the historic fact. He was Governor of Hungary.
He voluntarily resigned that place to another, and
therefore he is no longer Governor.
Mr. FOOTE. I know that the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas does not intend to insult the
gentleman whom he calls "the late Governor of
Hungary," but who calls himself the Governor of
Hungary in his last speech. He is recognized, I
think, by the lovers of liberty throughout the world
as virtually the Governor of Hungary—as the Gov-
ernor de jure though not de facto. I am satisfied
that there is no intention to insultthe gentleman by
calling him the late Governor of Hungary, and by
proffering to him pecuniary aid in the manner pro-
posed; but I beg leave to call the attention of my
friend, to the fact that, speeches have been recently
made by Governor Kossuth in New York, in
which he expressly declares his entire unwilling-
ness to receive the sort of entertainment proffered
by the amendment. I must say in addition that,
as I am a democrat and a strict constructionist, I
doubt our power to do anything of the kind in the
form now proposed; and I am assured of one
thing, we should dishonor Governor Kossuth, and
the cause in which he is engaged, by the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. RHETT. I shall vote for the simple res-
olution of the Senator from New York, and shall
vote for none of theseamendments. If the friends
of the measure want a large vote in its favor they
had better stand to the simple proposition of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas that his substitute will be
accompanied by one very great embarrassment.
Under the rules of the other House, every appro-
priation of money must be referied to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and go on the calendar in its
regular order. If, therefore, we send the propo-
sition to the House with an appropriation of
money in it, we shall delay action there. I shall,
therefore, vote against it.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no objection to stri-
king from the amendment that portion of it making
an appropriation of money. It has seemed to me,
however, that if we undertake to do a thing we
should provide means of doing it. How aie we
to treat Kossuth and his associates as the guests
of the nation without some expense?
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] ob-
jects to calling Kossuth the late Governor of Hun-
gary. I call him so, in accordance with the his-
toric fact. The only history which I have seen,
which gives a reliable account of the Hungarian
struggle, is the book of Dr. Naphegyi, which, it
has been stated, has been submitted to Intelligent
Hungarians, who have pronounced its statements
correct. He was a great friend to Kossuth and to
Hungary. He there asserts, as a historical fact,
that Kossuth did yield his Governorship to Gorgy,
the individual who betrayed his country and de-
livered it up to Austrian power. Kossuth consti-
paired the value of any action that we shall take.
1 shall vote with very great reluctance against the
proposition submitted by the distinguished Senator
from Illinois. I shall vote against it for the reason,
amongst others, which has governed me in voting
against all other amendments, viz: that the propo-
sition of the Senator from New York is simple,
fit, and adequate. It expresses the sentiments of
the American people in reference to our distin-
guished guest, and Tknow of no form of expres-
sion by which we can add to its force, and none
which will not impair its simplicity. I must
therefore vote against this proposition. Whilst I
do it for that reason, and should consider that rea-
son of itself sufficient, we know that when the
distinguished benefactor of Ameiica, Lafayette,
was received by Congress, a joint resolution was
proposed and a joint committee was raised, and
that joint committee reported that it was impossi-
ble for the two Houses to act jointly. If, then,
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois be
adopted, it may result in a similar report, and thus
still further delay the action which th'e occasion,
and all the circumstances of the occasion, so im-
peratively demand should be prompt, frank, and
generous.
Mr. SHIELDS asked for the yeas and nays on
Oris amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felch, Foote of Mississippi, Gwin,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Norris, Shields, Stockton, Walker
and Whitcomb—lfi.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Chase, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Davis, Dawson, "Downs, Fish, Foot of Vermont,
Hamlin, Hunter, James, King, Miller, Morton, Rhett,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and
i Wade,—22.
j The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate without amendment.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
! nays on the question of ordering it to be engrossed
! for a third reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 6, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas,
Downs Felch, Fish, X?oot of Vermont, Foote of Missis-
sippi, O win, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, King,
Mallory, Miller, Norris, Rhett, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Stockton, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Whit-
comb—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Clemens, Dawson,
Morton, and Underwood—6.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
RECESS.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 15, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C.M. Butler.
Mr. BELL presented the credentials of the
Hon. Jamks C. Jones, elected a Senator of the
State of Tennessee for six years from the 4th
March, 1851. The oath having been administered,
Mr. Jones took his seat.
Hon. William K. Sebastian, from the State
of Arkansas, appeared in his seat.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Joseph
that the Secretary of the
   r ...  ,     . , A. Barelli, praying
tuted, as far as he could, Gorgv the Dictator of j' Treasury may be authorized to issue a register to
Hungary, and with the power thus conferred, he intpthpuritish Kno- Tnspnhine: which
abandoned the battles winch had been begun, and
delivered his country into the hands of Austria.
Kossuth voluntarily resigned the office of Gover-
nor, and therefore it is that I have called him the
late Governor of Hungary. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Shields.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I had desired to
express my views upon the subject which has oc-
cupied so much of the time of the Senate, but I
have been for action, and prompt action. I have
known well that every word uttered in this body
on that subject has delayed action, and thus im-
the brig Ada, late the British brig Josephine; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of the Italian Mutual Benev-
olent Society of New Orleans, praying that certain
marble to be used in the construction of a tomb
or monument for the reception of the mortal re-
mains of the members of the Society may be
imported free of duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Jehiel Brooks, praying
authority to sue the United States for damages
sustained by him in defending his title to certain
land against a suit brought against him by the
United States under false representations; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RHETT presented the memorial of George
Hervey, agent for the owners and consignees of
