1851.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
the English ship James Mitchell, praying the pay-
ment of a sum of money 'due under an act of
Congress, and retained in the Treasury of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. G-WIN presented the petition of Ursula E.
Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb, late a gunner in
the Nary, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of the
executrix and securities of Benjamin P. Hart, de-
ceased, late a purser in the Wavy, praying that his
accounts may be cancelled on the books of the
Treasury; which, with their memorial and papers
on the files of the 'Senate, was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Kancy Wright, widow of an officer in the rev-
enue service; which, with the papers on file, were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FELCR presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of the construction of a ship canal around the Palls
of the Ste. Marie; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution passed by the Legislature of
the State of Michigan, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
their exertions to procure the repayment of the
money expended by her in furnishing volunteers
for the Mexican war, and the expenses incurred
in defending her territorial boundary as estab-
lished by Congress before her admission as a State
into the Union; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of B. F. Pal-
mer and several others, citizens of Philadelphia,
■ exhibitors of articles at the late Industrial Exhibi-
tion held in London, praying that an appropria-
tion be made to pay the expenses incurred by
citizens of the United States for the transportation
and display of goods at the Industrial Exhibition
at London; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, presented the
memorial of Mary Walker, widow of George W.
Walker, late Paymaster of the Marine Corps,
praying to be allowed the traveling expenses of
her late husband in the settlement of his accounts;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of William M. Lapsley, receiver of public
moneys at Cahaba, Alabama, praying compensa-
tion for services in making entries of land under
bounty land warrants.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, moved to lay it on the
table, as the committee had made a report on the
subject; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the
memorial of William Butler, praying to be allowed
a pension on account of injuries received in the
naval service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
John W. Simonton and others, owners of the
Island of Key West, in Florida, praying indem-
nity in consequence of its occupancy by the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Committee
011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented he memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, praying a grant of land for
the construction of the Lexington and Davies
County Railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Missouri,
praying a grant of land for the construction of the
Northern Missouri Railroad; which was referred
to tlie Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Missouri, praying a grant of land for the con-
struction of a plank road from Ti'il ly, in that State,
to Bloomfield, in Iowa; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the otate
of Missouri, praying that an island in the Mis-
souri river, opposite the town of Weston, may
be granted for the improvement of the harbor and
landing; of that town; which was referred to the
Committee on Publjc Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Missouri,
praying a grant of eighty acres of land to every
free white citizen, being the head of a family ana
not a land owner; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela-
ware, prayingthe construction ofpiers and harbors
in the Delaware river and bay; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of the heirs at law-of Henry
Miller, praying compensation for the military ser-
vices of their ancestor in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Samuel C.
Morton and twenty-eight other citizens of Phila-
delphia, praying Congress to provide for the erec-
tion of such piers and harbors in the Delaware
river and bay as'will afford shelter and protection
to vessels, &.C., navigating said river.
This petition (said Mr. B.) contains a brief but
truthful statement showing the importance, if not
the absolute necessity, for the appropriation therein
asked. From the breakwater at the mouth of
Delaware bay, to the city of Philadelphia, a dis-
tance of ninety miles, there is not a single safe
harbor, in consequence of which valuable lives and
large quantities of property are lost. According
to the custom-house returns, there were twenty-
seven thousand five hundred and fifty-live vessels
entered the port of Philadelphia during the year
1850, and that from the first of January, 1830, to
the first of January, 1851, the duties paid exceed
$59,000,000, and that but a comparatively small
sum has been expended in improving said harbor.
In view of these facts, he asked the early and seri-
ous attention of the Committee of Commerce to
the subject. Referred to said committee.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That tlie memorials and papers on the files of
the Senate, relating to the claims of Koddv, Carter, and
Jennings, be referred to tho Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of Asenatli M. Elliott, on the
flies of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Ten-
sions.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Walter Colton, on the
files of the Senate, he referied to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of E/.ra Williams, on the
files of tlie Senate, he refeired to the Committee of Claims.
•On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the tiles of the Senate,
relating to the claims of William S. Waller, be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
OA motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of General Robert Armstrong,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered. That the memoiiai of Roger Jones, and the
memorial of Margaiet Hetzel, on the files of tlie Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Harriet R. F. Capron, on
tlie files of the Senate, be referred to tlie Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted an additional
document relating to the claim of Thomas Flana-
gan; which, with his petition on the files of the
Senate, was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill granting
to the State of Mississippi the right of way and a
donation of public land, for the purpose of locating
and constructing a railroad from Brandon to the
eastern border of said State, in the direction of
Montgomery, Alabama.
Also, a bill to reduce the price of the public
lands lying south of the "Old Choctaw Line," m
the State of Mississippi.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal an act en-
titled "An act concerning tonnage duty on Span-
ish vessels," passed on the 30th day of June,
18Mr. BRADBURY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American citi-
zens for spoliations committed by the French prior
to July 31, 1801.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide *ft>( the,
compensation of such persons as may be desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
and keep the public moneys, under the 15th sec-
tion of the act of August 6, 1846, for additional
services required under that act.
„ Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the improvement of the dam at the head of Cum-
berland Island, in the Ohio river. ;
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred a bill,
for the relief of Mrs. Margaret L.Worth, widow
of the late General Worth, to report back the same
without amendment. 1 would ask, as it is a mat-
ter which will give rise to no discussion, and as
the same bill passed the Senate last session, that it
be considered now. I maystateas a reason, what is
known to many Senators present, that Mrs. Worth
widow of the late'gallant General Worth, is in
very straitened pecuniary circumstances; and this
bill provides relief for her and her family. It
was passed at the last se'ssion without a dissenting
vote, and failed in the House simply, 1 presume,
for want of time. As it is not likely to give rise
to any discussion, and as it is one of great merit,
which every Senator will acknowledge, X ask that
it be considered now.
Mt. RHETT. Iobject. It is, no doubt, a prop-
er bill; but there is another matter which I .am
desirous should be taken up now.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred tlie bill granting a pen-
sion to Sally T. Floyd, widow of George R. C.
Floyd, late a lieutenant-colonel in the Army of the
United States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to revive a portion of an act
for the relief of the widows of deceased soldiers,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial ot
the heirs of Judith Worthen, deceased, reported a
bill for their relief; which was read and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred tlie petition of citizens of Niagara
county, New York, in behalf of Stephen Warren,
asked to be discharged from tlie further considera-
tion of it. , ,
Mr. SEWARD. It appears that that petition
was referred, under an erroneous view of the na-
| ture of the case, to the Committee on Pensions.
I I do not object to the committee being discharged
i from its further consideration, but would move its
reference to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
.CALIFORNIA BRANCH MINT.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee oil Fi-
nance, to which was referred a bill to establish a
branch Mintof the United States in California, re-
ported back the same with an amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will indulge
me in taking up this bill at this time. It has
already passed the Senate once, and favorably
1 reported upon unanimously by the Committee on
! Finance. It contains no appropriation of money.
■ It only provides for the establishment of a biancli
i Mint in California. I hope it will be considered
No objection being made, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to strike out the eighth section of the bill relating
to the assaying office, and substitute in its place
the following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if icquired by
the holder, gold in giam or lumps- shall be refined, as*aved,
cast into bars or mjtots, and stamped m said branch Mint,
or in the Mint of tlie United State?, or any of it? branches,
in such manner as may indicate the value and fineness of
the bar or ingot, which shall be paid for by the ownei or
holder of said bullion at such rates and charges and under
«uch regulations as the Biret-tor of the Mint, under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasurj. may from time to time
establish. . „
Sf.c. 9. *dnd be it further enai ted, Thtit so soon as the
said branch is established in the State of Cahfonnaj and
public notice shall be given thereof in the mode tobedes
imitated bv the Secietary of tlie Treasury, then so much of
the act making appropriations for the civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1851, and for other purposes, as provides ,0'.®e5PPf'n''"av,
of a United States assayer and the contracting fortfte assay
