1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
greatest security the Government can have must be
in the efficiency of these officers. If you expect, by
peddling upon the subject of salaries, to obtain a
proper man, of professional character, with the
accomplishments which the law requires, for less
than $6,000, I think you will be mistaken. If you
go upon that ground, then you had better not
think about ail additional agent at all, but throw
all the labor upon the present agent.
As I understand the recommendation of the
Committee on Public Lands, it is to appoint an-
other agent, because the present agent is not able
to perform all the duties that will be thrown upon
him, owing to the multiplicity of business. And,
in fact, the agent recommended, whom they call
an I' assistant agent," stands in the light of an as-
sociate counsel, or associate agent, having pre-
cisely the same character of duties, standing pro-
fessionally on the same level, and having the
same requirements made of him as of the original
agent. In the profession, a mere sense of personal
pride would, under such circumstances, prevent
any competent man from accepting the office at a
less sum than the compensation allowed to the
agent. Professional feeling alone would deter a
man of character in the profession from accepting
the office at a less salary. °
Mr. WELLER. I can state, from my own
personal knowledge of the business which is al-
ready before the board of commissioners, and that
which will be presented to them, that it will re-
quire the whole time, not only of the law agent,
but of the assistant law agent, to attend to it. It
is utterly impossible to secure the whole time of
any man who is learned in the law, and skilled
in the Spanish and English languages, for a less
compensation than -§6,000 a year; more especially
will it be impossible to obtain the services of a
proper person for a compensation §2,000 less than
that of the counsel with whom you have asso-
ciated him, thus placing the assistant agent in a
degrading position.
The question being taken on the motion of Mr.
Felcii to amend the amendment made in Com-
mittee ot the Whole, by striking out " six" and
inserting ■> four," no quorum voted;
And, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July Bl, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. in.- Prayer
by^the Rev. L. P. Morgan-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j
Mr. HOWIE stated that he had received a !
communication from his colleague, Mr. Cottmax, !
Mating that he was detained at home on account
of the illness of his child. I
The SPEAKER. The business first in order i
is a motion to recommit to the Committee on Pub-
iic Lands, House bill No._2W4, "granting the right !
ot way tn all plank and railroad companies through
the public lands of the United States." i
CESSION OF CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. There is a bill pend-
ing in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
'lie Union, of considerable importance to the State
of Ohio, to which I apprehend no gentleman can 1
possibly object. It will be impossible to reach it
durni^the session unless the House will consent
to take it up and pass it now. I hope 1 may have ,
the unanimous consent for that purpose. It, is a 1
bill to cede to the State of Ohio the unfinished por-
tion of the Cumberland road. For that road we
have made no appropriation for the last twelve or
fourteen years. The State of Ohio desires the !
cession of the ro'id that she may complete it. The
portion that has been constructed is going to dilap-
idation. Simi'ar bills have been passed for In-
dia na_ and Illinois, and this is a precise copy of:
'he bill passed in those cases.
Mr. COBB. 1 have no objection to the propo- i
sition, provided it does not come out of the morn- I
zng hour. If it does 1 will object. ;
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to decide 'j
whether or not it shall be taken out of the morn-
ing hour. ||
Obiection was made.
Mr. STANTON. I should be glad that the !
gentleman objecting would state his objections, 'I
that they may appear upon the record. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol- ii
lowing resolution, to which no objection can be
made after it has been read:
ResolveThat the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Navy, if not deemed incompatible with tile public
good, report to thw House the number of officers belonging
to the Army and Navy, remaining in and about Washing-
ton city ; and also the duties performed by them connected
with the public interest.
Mr. WALSH objected.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
RIGHT OF WAV TO PLANK AND RAILROADS.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my motion to recom-
mit the bill granting the right of way to all plank
and railroad companies through the public lands
of the United States, to the Committee on Public
Lands, and also my call for the previous question.
I think there will be no difficulty in passing the
bill this morning, after I shall have made a brief
statement. Many members have been opposing
the bill on the ground that it granted to plank and
railroad companies the use of stone, timber, etc.,
in perpetuity. By agreement with the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] who was
opposed to the measure upon that ground, I shall
make the motion that the grant of the use of tim-
ber; stone, &c., shall be limited to the completion
of the road. I trust there will be no objection to
this restriction on the part of the friends of the bill.
That is all they desire, and relying upon being
sustained, it the amendment shall be incorporated
in the bill by unanimous consent, I shall call for
the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the amendment may
be adopted. It limits the grant to the material
necessary to construct the road m the first in-
stance.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is an
amendment proposed by myself, which is by com-
mon consent pending.
i Mr. COBB. The amendment I have just sug-
j gested comes in after yuurs, which will make
! it much stronger.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think the .-substitute of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] leaving
J out the second section, is a proper bill. 'The sec-
: ond section is a bail one, but the first is an ex-
cellent one. 1 shall go for that.
! Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. 1 will say, ,
■ having looked at the bill the gentleman from Ala- '
bama proposes now to pass, that the amendment
which he suggests strikes me to he the very one
which should be adopted, and 1 hope the House
will consent to it. Let these loads which are
built through the public land have the benefit of
the timber and stone they need fur the ennstruc- ,
tion of the road in the first instance; but, not to I
entail upon the road any perpetuity ol' right in
alter years. That is the object, I understand, of
the gentleman from Alabama, and 1 think with >
that modification that the bill is a good one. I
hope the assent of the House will be accorded to
the modification.
Mr. SMART obtained the iioor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, with
the permission of the gentleman, that he undei- j
stands the amendment of thegentleman from Ala- !
bama to be to strike out from !.!;;■ second section
tho words "and repairs. ' The grant then will
be " ot such materials of earth, stone, or wood as
may be necessary or convenient from time to tune
tor the actual construction of the said road or
roads, or any part thereof."
Mr. SMART. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether be is willing to ac-
cept the substitute of the gentleman from Michi-
! gan, [Air. Stuart?]
Mr. COBB. I have submitted the matter for
the determination of the House, bv which I am
willing to abide. I do not expect "to obtain the .
vote of the gentleman from Maine under aov cir-
cumstances.
Mr. SMART. I wish to make a single remark 1
in relation to this subject. I think gentlemen of 1
the West are making a bill which in lealioy is in
opposition to their own interests. 1 understand !
that they wish to retain in the bill the clause
authorizing the taking of timber from the land.
They say now, in the itrst instance; but, sir, it :
occurs to me 
Mr. COBB. I cannot yield to the gentleman to !•
make an argument. I will only reply, that so far I:
as Western gentlemen are concerned, they will
take care, of their own interests.
July 21,
Mr. SMART. ^ I wish simply to state the effect
of the provision, if the gentleman will indulge me
for a moment. I say, under that provision you
take all etone 
Mr. COBB. I cannot yield for discussion. The
amendments have been made to conform to the
wishes of the opponents of the bill. I have yield-
ed for the submission of every amendment sug-
gested since the bill has been before the House for
consideration.
Mr. SMART. I object to the gentleman's
amendment, as he is not willing to allow me a
single statement.
Mr. COBB. Very well. The matter is with
the House for its decision. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. FOWLER. I think, to makethelanguage
of the second section consistent, the words " from
time to time" should be stricken out, provided it
is only proposed to grant the use of material in
the construction of the road in the first instance.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to that. Gen-
tlemen may offer whatever amendments they ma;'
deem proper, so that the bill is kept alive. If
anybody else wants to make an amendment,! will
not call for the previous question.
Mr. ROBB1NS. If the call for the previous
question be sustained, will not the question recur
upon the adoption of the amendments?
The SPEAKER. That will be the case; but
the Chair understands the gentleman from Maine
to object^p the pending amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama.
The question was then put upon seconding the
ca'i for the previous question, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 42.
i Mr. P1CKLIN demanded tellers; which were
| ordered; and Messrs. Johnson, of Arkansas,and
i Fowler were appointed.
j! The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ij ported—ayes 66, noes 15; no quorum voting.
|l Mr. KING. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Upon that
1 motion I demand the yeas and nays.
■j The yeas and nays were ordered; ami the ques-
tion being then put upon the motion for a call of
,, the House, it was disagreed to—yeas 65, nays 78.
So a call of the House was refused.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
seconding the demand for the previous question,
and on that question tellers have been ordered.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] who reported this bill, lim-
iting the use of timber, stone, &c., to the original
I construction of the road, has been accepted, and
whether it, can he considered by the House?
The SPEAKER. It was objected to by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] and there-
fore not entertained.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Fowleb
and Ciiastain acting as tellers,) and there were 
ayes 85, noes not counted.
! So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
' upon the pending amendment, offered by the gen-
tleman^ from New York, [Mr. Sutherland,]
which is to strike out the word {< hereafter" m the
fifth line of the first section, and insert after the
word "charter,*' the words " within ten years
hereafter. *'
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed bv
the Clerk that there were several amendments
which were permitted to be offered by the unani-
mous consent of the House. If such is the fact,
of course they will be read. The following amend-
ment was offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Hunter] to the third section:
Provided further, That when a location for either of
taid railroads or plank road?, macadamized turnpikes, or
t-ites for depots-, on the line of such road or roads, shall be
selected, the piopnr officers on «ueh road or road? bhall
transmit to the Commissioner of the General Land Office a
correct plat of the survey of said road or roads?, together
H'ith tho survey of sites lor depots, before such selection
shall become operative.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
proposes to amend this amendment by adding the
following:
Provided further. That none of the foregoing provis-
ions of this act sliall apply to, or authorize any rights in
any lands of tV United States other than such as are held
