94
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
the compromises, he surely will not take the posi-
tion that he was "rowing one way and looking
another,"—that he gave us his voice by a simple
monosyllable of aye or no, when he gave his heart
and hand to those who were forcing the measure
on. He must take one or the other. He cannot
escape it. He was either opposed to the admis-
sion of California, and opposed to the abolition of
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, or he
was in favor of those two measures. For, as re-
gards the fugitive slave law, of which so much has
been said, Jt was not a part of the original com-
promise. I take it that the record must speak
upon this subject. Here are his votes: and how
does the gentleman stand in the parliamentary
mirror? He stands opposed to the admission of
California, upon the ground that it was a precedent
not to be found in the political^history of this
country. If I remember right, at one time he
denounced Executive interference for the procure-
ment of the admission of California. I need not
go through all the gentleman's speeches in support
of this view, because they are too various; but I
wish to go through this fairly. The gentleman
said that California had been admitted under cir-
cumstances under which no other State had been
admitted—in violation of all prccedcnt; and in the
next breath he says, why do the enemies of the
compromise denounce this measure? He under-
takes to vindicate California, and say that she
came into the Union just like any other State. At
another time he admitted that she came in in viola-
tion of all precedent; and at the next moment, he
says she was admitted yi the same manner as any
other State was admitted into the Union.
Allow me to say, that although California has
been admitted against my judgment, and m oppo-
sition to my will and vote, I have met her rep-
resentatives here with all respect and kindness,
and entertain for them entire friendship. I urged
the constitutional objection as well as I could
m the speeches made at the time, with great
respect and deference to those who differed from
me. I do not intend to repeat them. What-
ever may have been the operation of that
measure—and I think it may operate diller-
enlly from the intention—the doctrine was pro-
claimed before her admission, and some of those
who voted for it, assumed to do so on the ground
that not another slave State should be admitted
into this Union. Mr. Webster, with all his an-
notations and commentaries, has put it forth in
that form. The doctrine was avowed and in-
tended to be established by the precedent, that no
other slave State should pollute the political asso-
ciation of this Confederacy ;ayd the doctrine, if not
avowed, was practically maintained, that the slave
States of this Union were not, in a political point
of view, equal to the non-sluveholdmg States. I
behove the honorable Senator has exhibited many
evidences of a nund sensitive to the honor of
his State. Will he tell me that when these doc-
trines were announced and proclaimed, I was to
submit to a system by which war was to be made
upon the institutions of that section of the coun-
try which I in part represent? I opposed it on
this ground, ana I believe the honorable Senator
did the same. Submit to inequality! Submit that
my posterity shall not be equal m political eligibility
with the sons of the honorable Senator from
New York I [Mr. Seward.] Would I consent to
the political disfranchisement of my own chil-
dren? Yet such were the doctrines avowed, and
such was the belief entertained as to the opera-
tion of that measure. 1 believe that gentlemen
who entertain views of this kind, will be signally
disappointed. I hope so, at least. For I believe
the institution will continue to go South and West,
and California will take it as peculiarly suited to
her condition.
Now, let me ask the honorable Senator a ques-
tion, which I expect him to answer—and I hope
he will answer it without the least hesitation:
Suppose a proposition were to come up to-morrow
to divide California, with the understanding that
one portion should be a slave State, or that both
should be slave States, would he vote for it ?
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I will answer by
citing past history, if the gentleman will allow me.
I introduced two propositions on the subject my-
self while this matter was pending, for neither of
which, according to my recollection, I had the
gentleman's support, or that of his political asso-
ciates in this body. On the contrary, both of those
px-opositions received the fiercest denunciation
from that quarter. When the proposition to ad-
mit California was pending, I moved to amend
the bill so that California should be hereafter, with
her'consent, so divided as you, Mr. President, had
previously proposed sheshould be. Upon consult-
ation with you, [Mr. King,] X took the line which
is proposed m the amendment, for the reasons you
stated. I did not get the support X anticipated;
and 1 will be prepared to show hereafter, from
the printed debates, what reasons were given by
honorable gentlemen for not voting for that very
proposition. 1 subsequently introduced another
proposition, that California should be, with her
consent, divided by that line, and that a territorial
government should be established south of it.
The objection, then, of certain gentlemen who
called themselves, par excellence, State-rights men,
was the supposition that they imagined my amend-
ment to convey that California, not yet admitted,
in their judgment, validly into the Union, should
be treated with so much respect as to have her
consent to this territorial curtailment asked. That
also was voted down. Whenever any gentleman
introduces a proposition here to divide California
with her consent, by the line of 360 30', or 350
30', treating her in all these respects as a sovereign
State, I shall vote for it, and some of those who
will vote for it in connection with me will vote
in a manner wholly repugnant to their former
feelings.
Mr. BUTLER. Then the Senator admits that
while he wishes to make the compromise immu-
table, he is perfectly willing to change it when it
suits him. This is a "finality of a totality."
Mr. FOOTE. 1 should vote for that proposi-
tion m the same way that I should vote for a
proposition to alter the boundary lines of any other
State in the Union at her request, i would not
vote for that sooner than a proposition to divide
Texas or New York, if those States desire a new
State to be formed within their limits. While X
hold the compromise to be a definitive settlement,
X do not hold it to be above the Constitution, and
the Constitution expressly gives Congress the
power of admitting new States. Now, perhaps,
the gentleman is entitled to the triumph which he
claims.
Mr. BUTLER. I claim no triumph. The gen-
tleman 's own explanation shows wherehe considers
the triumph is. While he insists on these com-
promise laws being like unto the laws of the Medes
and Persians, so perfect as not to be changed, yet
he admits there are contingencies on which they
may be changed. That is what i intended to say.
It is so wise now that he does not choose to let any-
body consult the progressive improvements and
suggestions of time; but he wishes to stitch down
and pin everybody else to his propositions, upon the
ground that the Procrustean bed, whether shorter
or longer, is the only true measure for the country.
X shall put another proposition to the gentleman,
and shall expect him to answer that too.
Mr. FOOTE. I will answer as many as the
gentleman chooses to put to me, if he will only
allow me an opportunity of answering them fully.
Some gentlemen never answer any questions I put
to them, but I challenge the propounding of ques-
tions from any adversary.
Mr. BUTLER. The honorable Senator in his
speech referred to the resolutions of the Missis-
sippi Convention. I wish to ask him a question,
and I do not wish a disquisition in reply. I ob-
serve that the Mississippi Convention have resolved
that there is no other remedy for abuse of the Con-
stitution but revolutionary resistance; that there is
no right m any one of the members of the Confed-
eracy to resist the Government and form a new
government except they incur the penalties of
treason and rebellion against the Federal Consti-
tution. The gentleman has chosen to denounce,
in no measured language, the State of South Car-
olina. Now, I think he will find himself in a di-
lemma from which he cannot escape if he answer
the question I now propound. The Mississippi
Convention has said that for an interference with
slavery in the States—interference with the com-
merce in slaves between States-—the abolition of
slavery within the District of Columbia—the repeal
of the fugitive slave law—the abolition of slavery
in the Territories, would constitute a ground for
the dissolution of their conncction with the Fed-
eral Government; and that for these causes which
they have assigned, they would dissolve by revo-
lutionary resistance their connection with this
Government. Now, the gentleman must be placed
in this situation: Suppose Mississippi, for any of
these causes, or all of them, should determine upon
quitting this Union, or assume a position in which
her connection could no longer be continued, and
the gentleman was called upon to take sides with
Mississippi or the Federal Government, which,
would he prefer ?
Mr. FOOTE. X shall reply in due season if the
gentleman will give me an opportunity, but in the
first place I must teil him that X consider it insult-
ing to the State which I represent l^ere, which has
always proved true to 'the Constitution, to put her
in any such predicament as that described. Never
will the State of Mississippi, in my opinion, be in
such a position as to call oil any of her sons to
make war upon the Federal Government; and
when she shall do so, I shall deliberate the question
and decide according to my sense of propriety. I
acknowledge my respect, my profound respect,
for what I deem the supreme law of the land, and
those who do not, in my opinion are traitors
wherever found.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, then, the gentleman, in
a contest between Mississippi and the Federal
Government, would consider himself a traitor if he
were to fight against the Federal banner.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman may make his"
own commentary; I shall state my views in full
hereafter.
Mr. BUTLER. Mississippi here meant some-
thing or she meant nothing. If these causes were
appended to the gentleman's resolution, I presume
he would go for them or against theiu. What is
the supreme law of the land of which he speaks?
I say the settled doctrine of Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, and I believe of Georgia
and of Alabama, would be, that this is a confed-
eracy of sovereign States, and not 4 consolidated
Government, which has the exclusive right to de-
cide upon the duty of its members. I know there
are questions of perplexity, and the gentleman
might take time to consider; but I know where
my allegiance will be m a contest of that kind. I
would not stop to chop logic on the construction
of papers when my hearth and fireside are invaded
and I am called upon to defend them. If my blood
is to be spilt in a contest between my State and
the Federal Government, I would not take time to
deliberate, as the gentleman says he would, where
my allegiance was due. The impulse of my heart,
and the dictates of a judgment long and deliber-
ately formed, would mark out my path of duty.
Another of the topics upon which the Senator
from Mississippi dwelt. He said he would never
consent to have the Constitution of the United
States amended—he said he wanted no amendment
to the Constitution of Washington. Why, sir, the
Constitution itself, with the wisdom that char-
acterized its original organization, provides for
amendments. My deliberate opinion is, that if
amendments had been made to answer the exigen-
cies and progressive development of this country,
we would have been a happy Confederation of Re-
publics, under a union having satisfactory guaran-
tees for the rights and interests of all; but, instead of
amending it according to the original provision of
the Constitution, we have now got to a time when
itis declared that it shall never be amended. Audi
would say to the gentleman frankly, that I can see
no occasion why he should wish it amended. He
has not said that he is in favor of a consolidated
government, but he has maintained that this Gov-
ernment and the Constitution, in all the difficulties
which may be involved, may be overcome by
compromises—the compromises of the majority;
and if the gentleman chooses always to act with the
majority, he has no occasion for amendments.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the gentleman undertake
to charge me with having said, at any time, that
the Constitution of the United States could, in my
opinion, be put down by compromises?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. FOOTE. That is the way the gentleman's
remarks will be understood. I stated the other
day, that one of two reasons why I supported the
compromise was, thatit was not only constitutional
in itself, but tftat none of the constitutional law-
yers of this body had attempted to make an elab-
orate argument to this when they were challenged
to attempt it. " «.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that as long as the ma-
jority can make these compromises or give con-
