1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
to go into the Committee of the "Whole on the state
ofthe Union, that he may ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up a bill which he
will designate.
Mr. HOWARD. It will not take five minutes.
I have no doubt the House will concur in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand there is objec-
tion, and unless there "is unanimous consent, of
course it is of no use for me to withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. Who objected ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe there was objection
made just now.
Mr. HOWARD. Nobody objects. At all
events, if any objection is made, I will renew the
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the 1 louse to take up from the Speaker's
table House bill No. 259, to provide for the pro-
tection of the Territories', which has been returned
from the Senate with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go on ,
to-day with the other bill. I do not believe that j
one night can make any difference about these In-
dians.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania object ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I renew my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state ofthe Union.
The motion was ngieed to.
The rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee ofthe
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Olds in
the chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up bill No,
196, which is the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move that
the committee proceed to the consideration of bill
No. 5282, being "a bill for making appropriations
for the improvement of rivers and harbors."
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sey-
moi/k.] The bill he calls for is behind almost all
the appionriatioji bills.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to oider.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] moves to take up House
bill No. 396, which is the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill; and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] moves to take up House
bill No. 282, for the improvement of rivers and
harbors.
Mr. HOUSTON. T rise to a point of order,
which is this: In the first place, there can be but
one motion pending at the same time; and then I
do not want the Chair to state that motion, so as
to preclude the point of order which I will raise
afterwards, which is—that that lull cannot be
taken up, unless by a formal vote of the commit-
tee setting aside every other bill upon the Calendar
that is before it.
Th^CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide the
pomtof order. He supposes,asa matter of course,
that the vote must be first taken upon the motion
first made. AM appropriation bills are privileged
btlis, and the question will first be taken upon the
motion which was first made by the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I submitted
the motion which 1 made, because I supposed that
the bill to which it refers was also a general ap-
propriation bill, and 1 ask the Chair, as a question
of order, whether it is not competent, if the com-
mittee should refuse to take up 
Mr. HURT. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am propounding a ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The Chair has already stated that the question
will first be put upon the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Hofstov.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Before the
question is put, is it not naturally in order, and in
conformity with the practice of the committee, to
move to set aside one bill in order to take up an-
other bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Not an appropriation bill.
All general appropriations are excepted by the
rule.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion of the gent!ema%from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, if the
Chait decides that it is not in order to take up the
river and harbor hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not so de-
cided . The Chair will again state his point. The
appropriation bills are all privileged bills, and the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] to take up House bill No. 396 being
first made, it must be first voted upon. If it is ;
not carried, then it will be in order to take up the I
other bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If a motion
is made to lay aside that bill before the question is
put upon taking it up, is it not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. A
motion is not neceflfory to lay aside the other bills !
on the Calendar, because the appropriation bills are
privileged bills.
Messrs. Cungman, and Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, were appointed tellers.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—ayes
47, noes 92.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Air. SEYMOUR. I now move to take up
House bill No. 282, being a bill for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors.
Mr. MEADE. 1 rise to a question of order. I
should like to have the rule read in refeience to
appropriation bills. It will be said that this ques-
tion was decided by the last Congress. I have
only to state to the committee that I was in the
chair at the time, and I decided that the motion to
take up the river and harbor bill was out of order.
I was overruled by the committee. Many of the
Whigs who voted to reverse my decision stated
that they did it knowing that I "had decided cor-
rectly, but that they were determined to override
the rules and take up the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will think him-
self constrained to decide in accordance with the
decision of the last Congress, that it is in order to
take up the bill.
Mr. MEADE. The question is whether the
Democrats will do as the Whigs did then. [Laugh-
ter.] Do 1 understand the Chair decides against
me ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes. The Chair decides
in accordance with the ruling of the last Congress,
that it is in order to take up the nvcr and harbor
bill.
Mr. MEADE. Then from that decision I take
an appeal.
Mr. BURT. I ask that the Chair will have the
rule read to the committee which designates the
general appropriation bills, and I feel myself very
anxious to know upon what grounds the Chan-
has decided.
The Clerk then read the rule, No. 135, as fol-
lows:
" In Committee of Dip. Whole on the Mate of the Union,
tho bilN r-Iiall be taken up and disposed of in their order on
the Caiendai ; hut when objection is made to the eon-adei-
ation of a lull, a niajonty of the committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of, or laid a^ide : provided, that general appropiuition bilh,
and, m tune of vvai, bills for iai^inir men oi money, and
bills eonecimris a tieatv of peace, shall be preferred to all
othct bills at the discretion ot the committee, and when de-
manded by any member, the question shall fiist be put in
regard to them."
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask for the reading of the
80th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 80. GenPial nppiopnation bill*; shall be in order in pref-
erence to any other hilH of a public nam re, unless othei wise
ordered by a nujotily of the [Iou>e.''
The question then being;, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
and Johnson, of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and'it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 93, noes 24.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as <
the judgment of the committee. |
iJU./
Wrhe
July 21,
e bill having been read through by the Clerk,
the first clause was reported for amendment.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. In introducing
to the committee the subject of river and harbor im-
provements, as they are particularly considered in
this bill, permit me to say that the Committee on
Commerce of this House, at an early period in the
session, had their attention drawn to this great
question of theimprovement of harbors and rivers,
and a discussion was had to some extent, upon the
consideration of the President's message, in refer-
ence to this subject; but the principles or views
upon which the committee would act in framing a
bill, were not then determined. Shortly after that
time, however, petitions came in to a very large
number from all quarters of the country, praying
for these appropriations for the improvement of
our large and navigable rivers, and for the im-
provement of our harbors both upon the sea-coast
and upon the northern lakes. Petitions also came
in in reference to our great western rivers m such
numbers, and presenting such pressing exigencies
upon this subject, that the committee, before any
decision had been had in reference to the Presi-
dent's message, referring this subject specifically
to our consideration, and the reference which the
House saw fit to make of those various petitions,
proceeded to the consideration of this very im-
portant, and, I will add, as it has proved, very
embarrassing subject. In addition to these peti-
tions, I ought-to state to the committee, that from
many of the large cities deputations of gentlemen
of the httiest respectability connected with our
commerS; and practical navigatois—men who
have been long engaged in navigation both in our
foreign and domestic commerce—have appeared
before that committee, pressing upon their con-
sideration subjects of very great importance to the
localities where they resided. I allude particularly
to very respectable delegations sent here by the
cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and New Orleans.
Sir, we found when we approached this subject
that it was full of embarrassments. On looking
back upon the history of this country for the last
fourteen yeats, we found that no appropriations
had been made—not even to keep in repair public
works which had been through a long period,
under previous appropriations, erected by the
Government and were out of repair. We found,
in some cases, that the channels of streams and
the approaches to harbors were rendered even
worse than they were in their natural state by
the obstructions occasioned by the lack of appro-
priations to keep in repair theft old works of the
Government. We found, also, that very large
and extensive territories have been added to this
Government during the fourteen yeais which have
elapsed since, with one exception, and that limited
m its character, any general appropriation bill of
this character has passed. In that period the
State of Texas, with n sea-coast of six hundred
miles, and watered by numerous very large rivers,
where there are harbors adequate to a very large
trade, if they shall but receive small appropri-
ations for the purpose of removing the sand bars
at their mouths, has been opened to the com-
merce and enterprise of the country. Besides
this, the march of population to the West, during
that long period has been settling the wilderness
and developing the resources of one of the richest
and most fertile countries-on the face of the globe.
New States have been added to the Union—States
which have received no consideration by appro-
priations of this character since they have been
admitted into the Union; States where large towns,
great commercial centers, are now growing up,
where there are large harbors to be improved, and
where commerce is concentrating; States in which
nveis of great magnitude, needing1 but small ap-
propriations to remove the obstructions of nature,
will in a short time bring from the improved and
fertile regions of the interior a vast amount of
commerce to the lake coast.
Under these considerations, and in view of a
subject so embarrassing as this is, the committee
addressed themselves to the preparation of this
bill, and I will say, in behalf of the committee,
that they have devoted more time to the prepara-
tion of this bill than to any other bill—indeed, I
may add, than to all the other bills before them—
although the subjects referred to them are very
numerous, and concern the whole commerce of
the country, both foreign and domestic.
