1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
Sir, the majority of the committee were opposed
to entering upon anything like a general system
of internal improvements. They wished to frame
such a bill as would meet the good sense of this
House and of the country—one that should not
embrace so large an amount, and located at such
various points of the country as would not be ame-
nable to the objection that itjwas reviving the old
policy of a. general system of internal improve-
ments, but which would, at the same time, satisfy
the imperious demands of commerce. The great
difficulty has been to define and settle upon a bill
which, at the same time that it should meet the
wants of commerce, would suit the wishes and
gratify the expectations of the various localities
concerned. That, sir, is a very difficult matter.
It is one that has occasioned great embarrassment
to the committee. Many gentlemen appeared be-
fore the committee, expecting that, because ap-
propriations were contained in a former bill which
passed this House, a bill embracing very large
appropriations, made at numerous points, and, 1
may say, apparently much at random, and with-
out that regard to localities and the interests of
commerce, the same appropriations should be
adopted by the committee, and reported to the
House in this bill.
But the committee have prescribed another rule
for their conduct. They have supposed—and that
is the ground upon which they have framed this
bill—that it was their duty to provide for the gen-
eral wants of the commerce of the country at those
localities, those great commercial depots, where
it had already concentrated. They did not sup-
pose that it was within their province to go into
those parts of the country just rising into import-
ance, where the commerce had hardly yet defined
its localities, where you would not know if you
appropriated to-day ten or twenty thousand dollars
for the improvement of a harbor, whether ten years
hence there would be any trade or commerce to be
benefited by it. They preferred rather to confine
the appropriations to the wants of thegeneral com-
merce of the country, by locating them at the great
centers of commerce, where it already exists, and
where it will be benefited.
But, sir, were we to confine ourselves to these
points, there would be another sort of protection
for commerce, that would'he wanting. While
our trade is passing from one of thesegreat centers
to another, either 'upon the lakes or the ocean
coasts, it will need harbors of refuge, to which it
can repair m case of distress; and appropriations
for such harbors, in the view of the committee, are
not merely local ill their character, but protect and
subserve the interests of the general commerce of
the country. For instance, in framing this bill,
we have located a harbor of refuge between the
mouth of the Niagara river, on Lake Ontario, and
the port of Rochester, at.the mouth of the Genesee
river. Between those points, a distance of some
eighty or ninety miles, there were many harbors
which had been projected, and some-of which, I
believe, received the favorable consideration of the
Government, and had received appropriations.
But the committee did not think it proper, they
did not think it fell within the rule which they
had prescribed for their action, to recommend ap-
propriations for any of these small ports, simply
because they had received them before.
But inasmuch as the general commerce on that
lake, in its transit from the mouth of the Niagara
river to the harbor of Rochester, in case of stress
of weather would need a harbor for shelter, the
committee determined to locate one,and only one,
between those two points. And let me say here,
that they located that harbor, as they have all
others of this character, without reference to any
speculative interest that gentlemen living there
may have, but simply from the consideration
that Oak Orchard creek is midway between the
two points to which I have alluded, and will afford
a harbor where all shipping, in case of necessity,
will find a shelter and protection from storms.
The case which I have stated to the committee
illustrates the principle upon which the committee
have proceeded in framing the whole of this bill
They have not intended in any instance to depart
fiom that rule, and when they provide for the general
wants of commerce by making improvements m
harbors where that commerce has already concen
priations such as will subserve the general inter-
ests of the commerce of the country. Surely a bill
so framed should not meet with the objection which
has often been raised—and too many times with
the very best of reasons—that the appropriations
are designed to subserve the interests of some
particular locality rather than the country at large.
1 would not be willing to give my vote for a bill
that should be framed upon a different principle.
I believe that the principles which we have
deemed proper to adopt in framing this bill, are
strictly within the constitutional power of Con-
gress; within the line of policy prescribed by the
fathers of our Republic; within the doctrines laid
down by General Jackson in his messages, and
followed by his immediate successor. They con-
form to the doctrines of Mr. Calhoun, presented in
his able report relative to the proceedings and ob-
jects of the Memphis Convention. They are, too, j
; in accordance with the opinions formerly expressed j
i by acitizenof my own State, whose opinions upon >
! this, as upon every subject of public concern, ever j
\ received the highest consideration and the fullest ;
j confidence, by the entire population of that State, j
i I refer to the lamented Silas Weight, who coincided
j with the views I have expressed upon this subject.
He held that it was legitimately within the power
\ of Congress to appropriate for the improvement
! of harbors and rivers, confining their appropria-
tions, as is done in this bill, to the wants of a great
national commerce—for its protection in our great
commercial centers, and its transit from one point
to another.
Mr. Chairman, I have not the vanity to believe
that this bill may be entirely perfect. 'There were
a great many embarrassments in framing such a
bill, arising out of the want of that information
which, had the system of making these improve-
ments for our large harbors and rivers been kept
up for the last fourteen or fifteen years, we should
have been supplied with. We have had to look
back to the data of former years. We have been
obliged to refer, continually, to the Topographical
Bureau for further estimates. In some instances
we have obtained them, and in others we have
been compelled to rely upon such information as
we could get from various reports which have here-
tofore been made upon this subject, and we present
appropriations based upon them as the best in-
formation we could obtain.
When we consider the amount which it is pro-
posed to appropriate by this bill, it seems per-
fectly apparent that it would be better to adopt it
with its limited appropriations, than, by imposing
various amendments which may be proposed so to
enlarge the amount as to subject the bill to the ob-
jections which have been made against other bills
of this nature. The amount provided for in this
bill is a little over §1,500,000; and that amount is
small when we consider the extent of our country,
the number of our rivers and harbors which have,
for a long time, needed improvement, and which
still need it, and the value of the commerce ex-
posed to the dangers against which this bill is in-
tended to guard. I do not intend to go into a
statistical detail of these disasters, which have
been attended with loss of property and of life, to
1 a most alarming extent upon our Western waters,
! and our Northwestern lakes. Yet 1 will here say
| to this House and to the country, that the Com-
< nuttee on Commerce have had before them statis-
1 tical information upon this subject, showing that,
' in one year—the year 1851—the amount of prop-
i erty lost upon our Northwestern lakes, in conse-
quence of a lack of proper harbors of refuge, has
been far greater than the whole amount appiopri-
ated in this bill for the whole country. Yes, sir;
upwards of $2,000,000, as we learn from the sta-
tistical information before us, have been lost during
the last year upon our Northwestern lakes,mainly
for the want of those very works of improvement
i which this bill seeks to construct.
I It would be impossible for me, upon this occa-
1 sion, to give any adequate view of the magnitude
of the commerce which is to be subserved by these
i appropriations. Since the last appropriations to
these objects, it has largely increased beyond any
calculation we have at the present time. In the
i year 1847, a convention was held at Chicago,
' where much valuable and authentic statistical in-
formation bearing upon these points, was collected.
Since that time, I am not aware that there hns been
trated, and then provide for such harbors of ref- ^lar'and "properly-authenticated inform-
 lbtonrnoethe" they regard the a^ro- !i atiL communicated to Congress upon this sub-
ject. We have been obliged to glean what in-
formation we could from the newspapers of the
day, and from the various periodical publications
which have treated of our commercial interests.
But we may safely assume that this commerce, so
great fourteen years ago as to astonish the country
by its magnitude, if we are to beguided in our es-
timate of its present volume by the authentic in-
formation given to the public by the Chicago con?
vention in 1847, has, within this period, increased
threefold.
Why, sir, when we look at the improvements
that are going on under the guidance ofindividual
enterprise, and by the aid of private capital, in
the construction of railroads throughout the coun-
try, for the increase and accommodation of its
internal trade, we cannot fail to see its vast ex-
tent and the almost incalculable surplus products
by which it is sustained. There is not a State in
; the Uniofl which is not now aroused upon this
; subject and diligently constructing her railroads
' upon which to transport the products of the illim-
' itable and fertile West to the harbors and ports of
the East for domestic consumption or tranship-
ment abroad. Look at New York, spanned by
three parallel railroads, connecting the commerce
! of the western lakes with the populous marts of
the East, besides the main artery of her inland
! trade, the Erie canal—and sustained by the de-
I mands for transportation. I was surprised by the
: statements of a very respectable committee which
came before the Committee on Commerce, from
the State of North Carolina—a State which, until
recently, had not imbibed the spirit of improve-
ment, nor entered with much zeal upon the de-
velopment of her own resources by the construc-
tion of railroads, and other works of internal
improvement. But, sir, that State is now direct-
in;; its energies with as much ardor and efficiency
, as any other State in this Union, towards thisgreat
; object, by the construction of railroads and other
j improvements. And she, too, seeks by these
! means not only to lay open her own agricultural
j and mineral wealth, but also to reach the trade
I and commerce of the great western valley through
! the neighboring State of Tennessee. The bill
I under consideration seeks to'aid her enterprise "by
j the improvement of those harbors on her coast to
i which this tiade is being directed.
'■ Sir, you find the State of South Carolina, too,
very deeply interested at the present time in the
-subject of railroads, connecting with similar lines
of communication in the Western States, afid
[ provision has been made in this bill for the im-
I provement t)f the harbor of Charleston, the point
towards which those lines of railroads are di-
j reeled. The general design should be so to reach
the trade and commerce of the West that it may
' find an easy transit to all those points on the sea-
i board, north and south, where it will meet our
1 foreign trade. The spirit of enterprise beginning
with the northern and central parts of this Union
has extended to every portion of the Union. The
railroads to the Western States have poured in-
calculable wealth into the Eastern States, and so
they are destined to do for a long period to come.
Now, 1 invite gentlemen who have hitherto en-
tertained prejudices against this system, to look
at this bill as it has been drawn, limited, and
carefully guarded as it is in every point, within
the constitutional authority to which I have al-
luded, and see whether it be not better go join
with the rest of their fellow-citizens in this work,
restricted within constitutional limits, and thus
to develop our own resources by the improve-
ment of our rivers and harbors. By so doing,
while we are developing the great and ever-grow-
ing West, we shall also add wealth to the sea-
ports of the East. I know there are difficulties; I
know there are dangers attending this as well as
every other subject of legislation. It has been
said that this system leads to corruption and
extravagance; and that it will bankrupt the
Treasury. Sir, what subject of legislation which
comes before this House 'is not obnoxious to the
same objection? W^ill not the Navy, and the
Army, if you vote profuse and extravagant ex-
penditures, m the spirit which has been charged
upon the fiiends of the improvement of rivers and
harbors, lead to corruption; Would not those
I systems lead to extravagance' Would they not
j be apt also to bankrupt the Treasury of thecoun-
j try ? Why are they not objected to, because they
| may lead to that result.' It is because we all trust
