1851.
THE CXMORESSIONAL G-'LGBE
m
structions to the Constitution, it will not be amend-
ed, and the gentleman is emphatically a majority
man. I did not say that the gentleman would?
agree to what he regarded as a palpable violation or
the Constitution, but I said the tendency of this
mode of treating the Constitution was to have
these excrescences in the form oiycompromises to
give it a validity which it would not otherwise
have. I think we ought to meet the crisis and
provide a remedy.
The gentleman says that I have proposed no
amendment. True, I have proposed none, but
there are amendments which J will vote for. When
the Federal Constitution was under consideration
in Philadelphia, it was proposed that no measure
affecting the regulation of commerce, or the dis-
bursement of the public money, should pass with-
out a vote of two thirds; and I tell the gentleman
that I would now vote for such a provision. If an
amendment was' proposed to afford new guarantees
to the slaveholding interest, requiring Congress to
give governments to Territories, without restric-
tion as to slavery, I should vote for it. If I were
to consult the security of this Government, 1
would vote for amendments that would give en-
forceable guarantees to the minority, and not leave
the majority to fritter it away by construction, or
deform it by compromises. There are many salu-
tary amendments that might be proposed.
In connection with this subject—and I say it
to the Senator from Mississippi, more in sorrow
than in anger,—I wish he had not thought proper
to allude, as he did, with rather a sneer, to the
book of my late distinguished colleague, and to de-
nounce the proposition contained in that book in
a way which evidently showed^that it was under
the ban of his censure. I was not prepared for
that. I have not read Mr. Calhoun's book. His
memory is not committed to me, neither are the
works of h'is great intellect committed to me. I
would not be able to take care of them; but the
least we could have expected of those who often
agreed with and admired that distinguished man
was, that we should not assail him before the
world, and the Parliament of the nation, where
the gentleman himself had so many, and seeming
kindly, associations with him.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman does not charge
me with ever having agreed with Mr. Calhoun
that the Constitution should be amended, so as to
give additional constitutional guarantees to the
South? I protested against that during his life.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that.
Mr. FOOTE. What did the gentleman .say?
Mr. BUTLER. I said that the gentleman fre-
quently agreed with, and was a great admirer of,
Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) On some questions
I did agree with him, but on most I did not.
The PRESIDENT. The conversation must
not go on in that way. The Senator is always at
liberty to make an explanation, with the consent
of the gentleman having the floor, but he is not at
liberty to sit in his chair to make comments while
the speaker is going on.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand my duty as well
as the Chair can inform me.
Mr. BUTLER. I am inclined to think that in-
justice has been done, perhaps unintentionally, to
my late distinguished colleague; and perhaps some
newspaper correspondents may make out of it
something tributary to the state of the public mind.
I think, however, that the book is not in danger
from such commentaries, or any that can be made
upon it by the Senator. They will notadd to
nor take from its merits. They may, it is true,
make false impressions, for the time, upon super-
ficial minds, who look not into the book itself; but
those who are capable of appreciating it, and seek
after the truth, will read for themselves, and form
an enlightened and honest judgment. Itis not true,
as the honorable Senator has said, that Mr. Calhoun
thought there should be two Executives with the
same powers. He is a historian, and he knows
very well that there were two Consuls in Rome,
with a Tribune to control them. By a partition of
power, and such control of it by the tribunitial veto
on occasion, the Roman Republic moved on with^
success and energy. I presume that Mr. Calhoun
mi°*ht very well have entertained the idea that two
Presidents might be very well: one perhaps having
jurisdiction of foreign and the other of domestic
affairs, or some such partition of duties. I presume
he intended that each should b@ independent in hia
own sphere, and that no law should be passed
without the concurrence of both. I am very sure
that such a proposition as that, if ingrafted on
the Constitution, might give it a better operation
than it now has under the combination of interest
and numbers. I do not undertake to be the ex-
pounder of Mr. Calhoun's views, nor do I say that
I am prepared to adopt them. I am sure the gentle-
man has not done justice to them. I do not enter
into the views of Mr. Calhoun; for he never
mentioned the subject to me in his lifetime, and I'
have not yet had an opportunity, and I regret it,
to read his book. I only noticed the remark of
the gentleman, in passing, with a view to show
that in some respects his interpretation of the
book might not be the interpretation of everybody.
There are other minds besides his to look at the
subject; and when a great work of the kind is to
be measured, it must be measured by an enlight-
ened public opinion after full discussion upon the
subject.
£hr, I have touched upon these things with re-
gret. The Senator from Mississippi is in favor of
the compromise; and he denounces, in no meas-
ured terms, all those opposed' to it; not that the
gentleman seems to be governed by unkind feel-
ings to many embraced in the sweep of his cen-
sure.
Mr. FOOTE. I have here, elsewhere, and
everywhere, wherever I have attempted to speak
of the struggle which occurred in the two Houses
of Congrebs, in reference to the questions con-
tained in the plan of compromise, said, uniformly
and emphatically, that, so far as the conduct of
Senators and Representatives was concerned in
that struggle, I had no censures whatever to be-
stow; nor that I wished them to be censured in
any shape or form by any patriotic man in the
country. The President of this body knows what
my views on this subject were, for we have talked
together. All that 1 have said was, that now,
when these measures have become the law of the
land; now that the great experiment of compro-
mise was in course of trial, I did conceive that it
was the duty of all parties, North and South, to
make a fair experiment of those measures, and not
to engage in violent agitations against any feature
of them. I have simply condemned all attempts
at the North, or at the South, at this time, to break
up the compromise. But I have never undertaken
to condemn any man, or set of men, for decent,
zealous, patriotic opposition to any of the meas-
ures of adjustment which they themselves disap-
proved at the time. This is, and always has been,
my attitude on that subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Tbat may be; but the gentle-
man knows as well as any one here, that no one
had greater influence—perhaps I may say that he
had uncommon influence—in getting up the South-
ern Address; he was the prime mover of it.
And I think the gentleman must, to some extent,
assume the responsibility of the Nashville Con-
vention. I say that, after the position which that
gentleman has occupied, justice, if not generosity,
requires that he should at least look to the mo-
tives, which I hope he will, of other persons who
are disposed to stand up to the propositions which
they avowed at the time in the Southern Address.
I supposed it was a matter of historical interest
to the gentleman. And now I will say here, for
the first time, what I have heretofore said to my
friends, that the Nashville Convention was prema-
ture. My friends know that this was my opinion.
If there is one gentleman in this hall who has
contributed fuel to the fires of Southern resistance
and indignation, the honorable Senator has fed
them as freely as any other. I am not now making
any accusations against him for mere change of
opinion and position. I have said nothing at
all, nor will I say anything, in reference to a man's
course, when he changes it; but when the Senator
from Mississippi thought proper to speak of South
Carolina, and allude to her internal contests, the
least, in my opinion, that delicacy or propriety
could require of him, was to forbear unkind allu-
sions to her course, and especially to abstain
from availing of his own change of doctrine and
position to give point to those allusions. The
mass of those who, in South Carolina, were for
putting her in advance of what I regarded the
position she should occupy, are persons whose
motives and designs would place them before the
tribunal of history in a point of view far above
reach of the gentleman's arrow. They are as
high in spirit, as pure in motive, and would be as
brave in action, as any men who ever .adorned
the pages of history. I differed front friends in
South Carolina; but here, I cannot allow that
difference to prevent my doing them justice,* if
they required it'at my'hands.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. If the honorable
gentleman iia4 read my speech as reported, or if
he distinctly recollected wnat I said the other day 1
he would certainly find himself effectually relieved
from the necessity of making the remarks which
he has just made. I stated distinctly that I enter-
tained a high respect for the people of the State of
South Carolina. I expressed the high gratification'
which I felt, that the real people of South Carolina
had come nobly to the rescue of the honor of the
State in the contest lately in progress there between
them and certain demagogues. I hoped that the
people there, under the lead of the honorable gen-
tleman and such as he, would vanquish the dema-
gogues in that struggle. That is what I said.
1 did not denounce the Legislature of South Caro-
lina. I did not denounce any organized body of
men there, Legislature or Convention. If I have
any particular sentiments unfavorable to such
bodies, I withheld them;but I did denounce,and I
shall continue to denounce, any man or set of men
in South Carolina, who dared to urge the people
of that State to attack the forts of the United States
within her limits—to make war upon the General
Government—and who dared to say, perverting
the language of the immortal Henry, " I say we
must fight." I did denounce such persons, and
not those who were inclined to arm the State for
her own defence against the General Government,
in the event of an unjust attack neither menaced
nor expected. I did denounce persons who, as I
am prepared to prove by their speeches, attempted,
without any aggression on the part of the General
Government, to incite the people of South Carolina
to an immediate attack upon the Government.
These are the men that I denounced, and I am re-
sponsible here and elsewhere, for the strongest lan-
guage used in decrial of them. I shall always
decry them.
Mr. RUTLER. If I had not been interrupted
I should have gone on and stated, perhaps, what
the gentleman could not have taken exception to,
so far as I am concerned. I have not said any-
thing in a personal point of view, but I must do
my duty to others.
Mr. FOOTE. If the gentleman chooses to de-
fend such men, he can do it.
Mr. BUTLER. South Carolina, in her first
resolutions of 1848, proposed nothing but coop-
eration with the o^her States. In 1849, in the
mildest terms, she proposed the same thing. In
1850—1 say it upon my responsibility in this Cham-
ber—she called her convention in reference to a
course projected and intimated by the State of
Mississippi. I cannot be mistaken in that. Is h
just that any reproach should attach to her from a
representative of Mississippi?
There were many things well calculated to ag-
gravate the popular excitement and indignation at
the course of the General Government. Whilst
the people were deliberating on their condition,
and the course the State should pursue, the Ad-
ministration showed both a want of wisdom and
decency. For what purpose some troops were
sent to the forts m Charleston is not distinctly un-
derstood. The effect was to arm all parties with
a determination to resent the insulting demonstra-
tion: and it was difficult for her public men to re-
strain excitement and control consequences. That
movement has left an abiding impression on the
public mind. There was not the slightest occa-
sion for troops, and if one drop of blood had been
shed, there would have been a civil war that would
have put the questions now in debate under the
arbitrament of the sword. The gentleman might
have found it a difficult task to have found enough
constables to hang the traitors. He would have
been consumed m his own State if he had made
a demonstration against South Carolina. The
issue would have been far above party strife or
rhetorical display.
I cannot go further into this subject, except to
express my opinion that injustice has been done
to those of South Carolina who have attempted
to conform to the suggestions of Mississippi: not
altogether under the counsels of the ho-norable
Senator, but yielding very much to influence which
his counsels and those of othsr*ha<K' Therefore-
