1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
own borders to interfere in the affairs of another
people. That is what I understood his remarks
to mean.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no recollection, at
any period, of having indulged in any remarks of
that sort. I will very frankly avow, however,
that, in regard to this doctrine of intervention, the
gentleman does not misrepresent the views which
I have individually expressed and entertained—not
at all. But I do not remember having expressed
such views in this Chamber. He will pardon me
for saying, additionally, that I never undertook to
lecture this great and powerful Democracy. Sir,
it moves with a momentum, physical and polit-
ical, so great, that my lectures would be but a
small drawback to it.
Mr. WELLER. No doubt of it.
Mr. MANGUM. It would be so; and I must
be supposed to have some inklings of common
sense. I would not attempt a thing so impossi-
ble. 1 would as soon attempt to explode the rock
of Gibraltar with a single gram of powder, as by
any lecture I might give, attempt to enlighten, to
control, or to improve, (which is vastly more to
be desired,) the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. I am very happy to hear
that the Senator from North Carolina entertains
an opinion so favorable of the Democracy of the
country, and views with such respect the power
of that party. And, sir, it is well he does; for,
doing so, he will doubtless escape the disappoint-
ment and mortification which await those of tile
party to which he belongs who enter the great
contest which now approaches, disparaging the
power or spirit of the Democracy, or ilcitteiing
themselves with that vainest of all sentiments—
the hope of success.
But, sir, my purpose in alluding to the remarks
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Mam-
gum,] was to indicate what seemed to me some-
thing like inconsistency on his part; for, while he
denounced the spirit of progress leading to that
sort of intervention—the purpose which some had
evinced to interfere in the affairs of foreign na-
tions—he manifested for himself, and defended in
the Administration—not in terms, it is true, yet
none the less certainly—a willingness, indeed a
well-defined and fixed purpose, to go abroad, even
upon the high seas, and interfere directly, and by
force and arms, if necessary, in the affairs of a
nation with which we are not only at peace, and
with which we know of no cause of quarrel, but
with whom we have no relations at all.
I am not objecting to this expedition. I am
very willing to establish commercial relations with
the Japanese, or any other nation where they are
likely to result in advantage to us. But it seems
to me that a Senator who will one day denounce
those who would connect our country with those
nations which are comparatively near our shores,
and on the next enter himself upon a crusade
against the most distant people on the globe, for a
purpose no more beneficial, and by means no
more proper, must be considered as either not alto-
gether consistent with himself, or, at any rate, as
not willing to govern his own course and that of
his friends, by the same rule he would impose
upon others. Does the magic power of party
make that right ill one, which was so wrong in
another?
I repeat, what I said when I first introduced the
resolution, that I impute nothing wrong to the
Administration. If such meaning be attached to
what I have said or done, it is in the minds of
those who oppose, and not of those who advocate
the resolution. Honi soit qui mal y penss. I think
it not unlikely, that when I come to know the ob-
jects of this expedition, and means and mode of
their attainment, if such knowledge should ever
be vouchsafed to me, that I may approve them.
It is quite certain that I shall, if those objects be
the commercial advantage of my country, and
those means be such as a brave and honorable
perrole may make use of. But, sir, no matter what
the'information I have asked for may develop, I
none the less desire it. I want it to govern my
own course as a legislator here. I desire it, also,
for the information of those who sent me here, i
deem it my duty to keep my constituents, who
are the people of my own State, informed of all I
do as their representative here; and as all matters
of public interest concern them, in proportion to
their number, as directly as if their number was
greater, and they had power to make themselves
heard and felt more strongly than they can at pres-
ent, it is also my duty to inform tliem of what is
undertaken heie by all branches of the Govern-
ment; and this duty 1 will perform as far as I may
be able. Such information as I ask for, is my
right and theirs, and therefore I ask it. I am not
afraid they, or any other portion of the people of
the United States, will misuse it. If the objects of
this expedition be honest and lawful, it cannot, in
the nature of things, be wrong or hurtful to any
lawful interest for them to be made known. If
they be dishonest or unlawful, the sooner and the
more certain should they be exposed and arrested.
At any rate, be they right or he they wrong, it is
our right and our duty to know them.
Mr. GWIN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table temporarily, for the purpose of proceed-
ing with the consideration of the subject which
was before the Senate yesterday.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I will for a moment.
Mr. MANGUM. I stand here under a charge
specifically made, which seems to be well consid-
ered, that I have been inconsistent in my opin-
ions. Well, sir, without attempting to vindicate
my consistency, which is a matter of no conse-
quence to discuss now, I will say, that my opin-
ions on the subject of intervention have been fixed
long since; and all the arguments I have heard on
the other side amount to nothing in the way of
shaking them. As to intervention as a general
proposition, no man can lay down the proposition
that we are never to interfere. It has been from
the beginning, and will be to the end, that when-
ever our interest or our safety shall combine with
our convenience and our power, we shall inter-
vene, so far as our safety or our interest are con-
cerned. With regard to the expedition which is
going to the Indian seas, I regard it as purely
commercial; and if it have any other aspect it is
not an intervention—it is a work for ourselves. It
is not working for a people with whom we have
very little connection or interest, and with whom
we have very little to do. True, we shall inter-
vene if" the enemy comes to endanger our safety
or our interest. The nations of the world have
done the same thing in all time, and will do it to
the end of time. And when we do it we shall not,
as I have said on a former occasion, like that re-
doubtable and very wise and most excellent Span-
iard of the fiction, the redoubtable Don,—while
we shall act upon principles that are practical
touching our own interest—we shall not, like that
ancient and redoubtable Don, go about the world
finding out the errors of mankind, and endeavor-
ing to right them according to our Democratic or
Whig notions.
Sir, we have no Procrustean doctrines on this
subject. The world will think and act for itself
in its respective nationalities. They have a right
tu do it,'and they are determined to do it. I
regard the expedition to the Indian seas as de-
signed to promote the extension of our commerce.
I can readily conceive of a case where a nation is
in such a condition that it obstructs the great in-
terests of the civilized portion of mankind, and
where they may be brought by coercion, if neces-
sary, to act in a manner which will not in jure the
rest of the world. I can imagine many such cases,
where, according to the law of nations and the law
of right, such a course would be justifiable.
But as to Hungarian intervention, as to beard-
ing the great Northern Bear, for a people who
never enjoyed, and who probably never will in
our time enjoy, liberty, where there is not the sem-
blance of a probability now existing that she can
secure liberty, I rather think that our redoubtable
Don never contemplated anything quite so absurd,
nor quite so impracticable.
Mr. GWIN. I now renew the motion to lay
this resolution temporarily upon the table.
Mr. BORLAND. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken,and
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ail.ims. Iiad?cr. JSell, Brooke, Cooper,
Davis, Dauvon, FM). <3ever, «win, Hale,Mangum. Miller,
Moiton, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Uudeiwood, Lpliam,
and WeDer—QO.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodse of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs-, Fekh, Hunter, King, Mallory, Nonis, Rus>k, Se-
bastian, Shields, Sunnier, Wade, and Walker—20.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
did not prevail.
Mr. BORLAND. J would be glad now to have
the question taken upon the resolution. I think it
can be disposed of in a few moments. It should
be borne in mind that it is quite discretionary with
the President to answer the inquiry or not, as he
pleases. - • ,
Mr. GWIN. I have an objection to the pas-
sage of this resolution of inquiry; and having a
right to express my opinion in regard toils merits,
it is with that view that I desire its postponement.
I moved for its postponement, so that I may have
an opportunity to express my views in regard to
it, but mure especially that we may proceed with'
the subject which was under consideration when
the Senate adjourned yesterday.
Mr. BADGER. Let us get a vote, and dispose
of this resolution in some way or other.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to give my reasons for
voting against it. I did not expect the matter to
come up to-day, or I would have been prepared to
do so.
Mr. BADGER. I can have no objection per-
sonally to the postponement of the resolution, if
the honorable Senator from California thinks it
important to discuss it further; but i merely sug-
gest that if it is not disposed of now, it will come
up every morning until it is disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing that it should come
up at any time after the disposition of the bill
which was under consideration yesterday. It
may come up to-morrow, if the Senator chooses.
Mr. BORLAND. I will cheerfully assent to
its postponement until to-morrow, if the under-
standing is, that the Senator from California will
then be prepared to present his objections.
Mr. GWIN. Very well, sir.
The question was then taken, and the further
consideration of the resolution was postponed
until to-morrow.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill supplement-
ary to "An act providing for the taking of the
* seventh and subsequent censuses of the United
' States, and to fix the number of the members of
* the House of Representatives, and provide for
' their future apportionment among the several
' States," approved 23d May, 1850; the question
pending being on the amendment offered by Mr.
jBradbury.
Mr. CHASE. With the leave of the Senator
from Louisiana, who is entitled to the floor, [Mr.
Downs,] I desire to make a few remarks m respect
to this bill before he proceeds.
The question involved in the amendment of
the Senator from Maine is novel and undoubt-
edly of great importance. If tlie number of Rep-
resentatives shall be increased to two hundred
and thirty-four, as that amendment proposes, it is
proper that the Senate should look to the results
which will inevitably follow. I have taken the
pains to ascertain one of these results, and find
that if the aggregate representative population of
the United State's shall be divided by the number
two hundred and thirty-four, it will produce a ratio
which, applied in the precise mode pointed out by
the act of 1850, for the ratio produced by the
division by the number two hundred and thirty-
three, will bring the State of Louisiana into pre?
cisely the same relation to California that the State
of South Carolina now occupies. The resuit,
then, inevitably is this: If you increase the num-
ber to two hundred and thirty-four, as is proposed
by the amendment of the Senator from Maine, the
argument of the Senator from Louisiana becomes
just as irresistible in law, and in equity, as the
argument of the Senator from South Carolina. In
other words, assume that the number is increased
to two hundred and thirty-four; consider that as
being: the number fixed by the act of 1850; change
the figures two hundred and thirty-three into the
figures two hundred and thirty-four; place those
figures m the law; and then the question is, what
will be the result of dividing the aggregate popu-
lation of the Union by those figures? What will
be the ratio which will be produced by that divis-
ion? And what will be the efFeets of that ratio?
I say that the result will be to place Louisiana in
precisely the same category that South Carolina
now occupies; and that, if the Senate be prepared
to vote for the increase of the number to two hun-
