THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS
FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Co.vcp.ess, 1st Sessiox.
FRIDAY, JULY 23, 1S52.
New Series No. 3]8.
' whatever." But I do not wish to nut this work
on those grounds alone. I say that it is necessary
and proper, and that it is required for the defense of
the country, for the transportation of, and supplies
for troops; that it will produce an immense saving in
the Quartermaster's Department; that it will open
a better and shorter road, for military purposes,
to New Mexico and territory of the United States
west; that it will bring into market a large body of
public land, and in these points of view becomes
essentially a national work. General Jackson must
have so considered it, because I find that appro-
priations were made for that object almost every
year during his Administration, both before and
after his veto of the iVlaysville road bill; and the
late President Polk, while a member of this House,
voted for appropriations for that work.
If it was then considered a national work, it
becomes ten times more so now. Since then
Texas has been annexed, New Mexico and Cal-
ifornia have been acquired, and we are bound by
a solemn treaty to defend Mexico from the incur-
sions of the Indian tribes in our territory; and a
very onerous treaty it is, too. And ill order to
comply with its stipulations, a line of militaryposts
must be kept up along the northern frontier of
Texas, and in New Mexico and California.
I think that 1 have made it sufficiently clear that
the cost of the woik will besa\ed in less than two
years in the transportation of troops and their
supplies alone, and this, too, exclusive of the large
body of public land that will thereby be brought
into market, which will more than reimburse the
entire expenditure.
If my view of this subject be correct, Congress
has clearly the power—and in vie-.v of economy,
it becomes the duty of Congress to provide for
the removal of this obstruction—by the fourth
section of the fomth article of the Constitution.
The United States is bound to protect each of
the States against invasion and against domestic
violence. Troops must therefore be stationed
along the Texas frontier to keep off the Indian
tribes in the territory of the United Slates. Then
if this work, as I have demonstrated, is necessary
and proper to that end, or for the support of the
army, the power is clearly conferred without any
regard to that vexed question of internal improve-
ment by the General Government.
It may be asked why this work should not be
executed by Louisiana'; My answer is, that the
obstruction is at the northern limit of that State.
The United States, and the States of Arkansas and
Texas, have by far a grPater interest; and by the
net admitting Louisiana into the Union, it is pre-
scribed " as a condition upon which said State is
'incorporated into the Union, that the river Rlis-
' sissippi and the navigable rivers and waters lead-
' ing into the same, and into the Gulf of Mexico,
'shall be common highways, and forever free,
* as well to the hihab'tants of said State as to the
• inhabitants of other States, and the Territories of
' the United States, without any tax, duty, impost,
'or toll therefor, imposed by the said State." It
is therefoie clearly a'work that should be executed
by the General Government.
The United States engineer estimated the re-
moval of the ra ft, and other improvements required
in the river, at f, 186.500. A large portion of this
amount is estimated for cnt-off3 &nd other work
below Shrevenort, thought rot to be absolutely
necessary. The origin") rcift. was removed at an
average cost of about J90,000 per mile, including
costs of examination*, surveys, boats. &c. The
raft is now stated to be about, five miles long, and
must be more easily removed than the original,
which had lain there over ha'f a century. U is
therefore concluded that MOO.OOO will be sufficient
to free the navigation of the principal obstruction.
Air. SACKETT. I do not intend to make a
o-eneral speech uivm the subject of the improve-
ment of nveis rrd harbors, but only to call atten-
tion to certain defects and omissions, and to one
more esoecisily of a most glaring character in this
bill, which I think this House ought to correct,
and which I am quite sure they will conect after
the facts of the case are presented. At the proper
118
time I shall submit a motion, to supply what is, as
I think, a most manifest and extraordinary omis-
sion in this bill. I will say, in passing", that I am
in favor of the principle of the improvement of our
rivers and harbors, and that it is" a duty enjoined
upon the Government, by every consideration of
justice and good faith, toward the commerce ot
the country. There is a commerce on Lake On-
tario of near $100,000,000 yearly. Every State
of the West, and every citizen of the West, is
interested in that commerce. A large share of our
products of the West float over that lake, which
possesses but few of what may be called natural
harbors. There are few good and valuable har-
bors that can be secured for the benefit of com-
merce upon it. 1 wish to have the attention par-
ticularly of the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce to what X am about to state, with the
view to ascertain whether he assents to the truth
of the facts I shall set forth. As early as 3829,
the Government adopted Big Sodus Bay—as it is
known, in contradistinction to Little Sodus—as
one of the harbors of this lake. Government
had a double object in view then, which is of equal
potency now. One object was to improve by far
the best harbor upon the lake, for the benefit of
the commerce of the lake; and the other object
was this—Lake Ontario being the dividing water
between this and a foreign Power, and that harbor
being about half way between the eastern and
western ends of the lake, was the only depot the
Government could secure, in case of a war, for the
shelter of any naval force it might have upon it.
I can say, beyond the possibility of contradiction,
that it is the only harbor of sufficient capacity to
answer the necessities of the Government in case
of war, between England and the United States,
upon that lake. It is a bay about six miles long
and from one to two and a half wide, and sur-
rounded by a rising country, contributing to make
it one of the most perfect harbors upon the lakes
or sea-board of the whole country. I risk little
in saying that there is no better harbor upon the
American coast, sea-board or lakes, than the har-
bor of Big Sodus Bay. It has several sheltering
islands in it. It is situated midway upon the lake,
and consequently the Government, at an early pe-
riod, as I have stated before, (1829.) adopted this
as an important harbor, that should be protected
and improved; and we have actually expended
upon it between $140,000 and $150,000. I may
not be precisely accurate in the amount, but at any
rate that is not far from the sum.
The mouth of the harbor is now protected by two
piers nearly a mile in length, which were built
more than twenty years ago,and which are now,
to a certain extent, in a state of dilapidation. On
account of their protected situation, they have
stood better than any piers this Government has
constructed elsewhere upon the inland waters for
the security of a harbor. The Government this
year recommend an appropriation of $15,000 to
put this important work in a state of preservation
and security. I am personally well acquainted
with the situation and condition of these piers,
and, if it be desired, can go further into detail, as
to the pressing necessity for their improvement.
I believe the $15,000 recommended by the Gov-
ernment—and the chairman of the committee will
j justify me in stating that that sum has been rec-
! ommended—will put those piers in a condition to
stand for many years to come. At present there
exists breaches in them,some of thestone, timbers,
and planking are gone, and some dredging is re-
quired at the mouth of the harbor of sand and
dirt, the collection of twenty years. The piers are
about a mile in length, stretching out into the
lake; and what they require is to be thoroughly
repaired, so that they will stand the storms of the
lake. Unless they are so repaired, the immense
expenditure of the Government of more than
<$140,000 will be lost and wasted, and the very best
karbor upon any of the lakes will be rendered use-
less to commerce.
I do not intend to cast any direct censure upon
the committee which has reported this bill, and
given this subject its consideration. I attribute to
a misapprehension of the circumstances of the
case >-'tber than to intended wrong, that with such
a case as this before them, they have not recom-
mended any appropriation for the preservation of
thi.i harbor, though, as I fully represented this
case before that committee, the circumstances of
this omission are very extraordinary, and as I
think and as the people of this country inter-
ested in the commerce of that lake will think, are
without excuse.
This same committee have gone fifteen miles
further east, and recommended $10,000 for a new
work, in no one respect comparing at all in value
or importance with this, and refused to recom-
mend for this when even the harbor is ready
made, and only wants repairing; such an extra-
ordinary course cannot be justified. This new
work wasneverrecommended by the Government.
The Department recommend no appropriation for
it. Now why does this committee assume to
abandon the most important harbor on the lake,
to enter into a new scheme of this kind ? It de-
mands explanation—explanation that I know can-
not be given on any principle of justice, right, or
sound legislation. They have made an appropri-
ation, J say, for n new work at a distance of six-
teen or seventeen miles from Big Sodus Bay, for
which the Government has never heretofore given
a recommendation. Why is this? Why is a
work of this vast importance neglected, and one
of the best harbors of all the lakes abandoned, to
try some new experiment, of which we know
nothing, and where there is no commerce, no ship-
ping, and now no harbor? The distance from the
mouth of the Genesee river, below Rochester—a
very important commercial point—to Oswego,
which is another important point, is between sixty
and seventy miles; and without the harbor of Big;
Sodus, I wish the committee to bear in mind—for
it is a fact that cannot be contradicted—there is not
a single harbor of protection for vessels for this
whole distance, a part of the lake more exposed
than any other, it being in the central part and at
the widest point, and nowhere sheltered by a
single island or protection. The work suggested
will not be a protection at all, for it has not yet
been begun.
What can be the meaning of this abandonment
of so important a work? Why does the Com-
mittee on Commerce neglect to recommend the
preservation of a work on which there has been
already expended more than $140,000, and a har-
bor that is by far the best on ail the lakes—a har-
bor that is the only one that can be used asa naval
depot in case of war? This is a most extraordi-
nary proceeding—one that cannot be justified—
one that every principle of right, justice, and pro-
priety condemns. It is a mockery of harbor pro-
tection to pursue such a course—a course that will
meet the swift condemnation of the people, and
that ought to be repudiated by every interest con-
nected with commerce. Are we to let the best
harbors of the country go to decay for the sake of
new and untried experiments? Such a course is
unheard-of in the course of commercial protec-
tion, and I call upon the House to take notice
of it.
I bay there is no protection at present, except
this harbor, between the two by fur the most com-
mercial points on that lake, Rochester and Osv/e-
go, ix distance of between sixty and seventy miles.
I ask thi<* committee, and T ask ibe cha'uman of
the committee, whether this i.% wife and sound
legislation? whether it is justice to the harbors
and the commerce of that lake to refuse to appro-
priate to a work constituted as this is—a work in
which there has been more than $140,000 expend-
ed, and which is regarded through that whole
country as the very best haibor upon the lake, and
ihat only requires an appicprmtion of $10,000 or
§15,000 to keep k in n state of pjeservation for a
long series of years ? The water in that harbor is
from thirty to fort}/ feet deep. There are at least
three square reiies of water m it of sufficient depth
to float any slop of our Navy.
There are other considerations, which, in jus-
tice to the subject, this committee ought to take
