1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July *21,
into account. This bay is situated about nine
miles from the Erie canal. A canal is at this time
in process of construction, to connect the Erie
canal with the waters of that bay, which is very
soon to make that one of the great commercial
points upon that lake. A railroad company is also
organized for the purpose of constructing a road
to connect that point with the series of railroads
which connect the West and the East, the coal
regions of Pennsylvania, arid both the central
and southern line of railroads running through the
State of New York. If we examine this subject,
we see that it is not only a point of vast import-
ance directly, to the commerce upon the lake, but
it is a point of vast importance connected with the
interna] trade that will necessarily and very soon be
connected with the point itself. In fact, looking to
the future interests of the country, there is no more
important commercial point upon oui inland lakes.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] seems to be d iseussing a par-
ticular item in this bill in regard to the improve-
ment of some harbor on Lake Ontario. He is
verv properly discussing it; but I suggest to him,
and I submit a question, whether his remarks
would not be more proper under five minutes ex-
planation, which would be allowed upon each of
these items;—and I see that there are five for Lake
Ontario.
I would further say to the gentleman, without
intenupting his speech, that 1 really believe that
it would be wiser to move that the committee rise,
and limit debate to five minutes, and then proceed
to the items of this bill, so that the bill may pass
to-morrow. The time of this House is very pre-
cious, and I would suggest to my friend from New
York [Mr. Sackett] that he allow the motion to
be made, that the committee rise for the purpose
of limiting debate, so that we can proceed to the
consideration of the various items in this bill. I
see that there are seventy-three of them in all, and
I suppose that there are gentlemen who would like
to make seventy-three speeches for and seventy-
three speeches againstthem. We would progress
admirably under the five minutes rule, and I sub-
mit, with all due respect to the gentleman, the sug-
gestion that the committee me for the purpose of
limiting debate.
Mr. SACKETT. If my friend will allow me,
1 have to make a remark or too further. I am
nearly done with the subject. I do not desire to
occupy the attention of the committee for any con-
siderable length of time. I have made these re-
marks, because I thought such an amendment
as the one I have suggested could not be presented
under the five minutes rule, as 1 regard the point
in whose behalf I have offered these remarks as
one of the most important points upon the lake.
It is, in truth, the only naval point which can be
used upon Lake Ontario. I wished to make these
explanations with a view of giving the committee
the facts, so that when the amendment is moved
it may be properly understood.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish in this connection to
state some matters of fact. The works upon this
Big Sodus Bay upon Lake Ontario, to which he
refers, are ofd works, and were commenced in
1829. The first appropriation that was made for
that harbor was to the amount of §143,000. The
harbor is a fair one for a harbor upon that lake.
We have appropriated §10,000 for the improve-
ment of another harbor, which is about fifteen
miles from that one, upon the understanding that
the land and the position of the other harbor,
would render it of great value as a harbor of refuge
upon that coast; and another reason is because
that part of the coast is the most exposed of any
part of Lake Ontario, and if vessels are ever in
danger of being driven by the northwest winds
upon the coast, it is at that point. The facts as
they came to the knowledge and understanding of
the committee are, that the other bay, which is
about fifteen miles further to the west, and is sur-
rounded by such high banks as to afford better
protection at the present time for shipping, induced
the committee to make this appropriation, rather
than to make an appropriation for the old work,
supposing that work could be at some future time
put in repair if necessary, and that the sum which
we have now named in this appropriation was, at
this time, a proper and fair distribution of these
appropriations applicable to that point.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. 1 wish to ask the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce a question. If a vessel approaching Os-
wego in a gale from the northwest could enter that
harbor—whether the committee had not in view
an appropriation for a harbor of refuge, where
vessels might make it when they couid not at
Oswego ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. My colleague upon the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Puller,]
is right in his suggestion.
Mr. SACKETT. One suggestion made by the
chairman of the committee as a reason for neglect-
ing Sodus Bay is a reason in relation to which he is
entirely mistaken. Itis nottruein pointof factthat
the country surrounding Little Sodus Bay makes
it better than the Big Sodus Bay. I do not wish
to say anything against that point; it is not ne-
cessary. I do not know but with $>100,000 or
$200,000 expended there a harbor of some value
might be made. I suppose this to be true. But
while I suppose this—guess at it, which is all
the committee could have done, for the Govern-
ment recommended nothing—f know that Big Sodus
Bay is by far the best harbor upon that lake or on
any of the lakes. There is no harbor that com-
pares with it at all, either in capacity, safety, or
security; and there is no harbor that can compare
with it in a national point of view for naval pur-
poses. Should we ever have any difficulty with
England, there is no harbor so calculated for de-
fense on account of the points of intersection with
the lake. In fact the Committee on Commerce
has refused to report for the only national harbor
of protection for a navy there is on Lake Ontario,
and that too even after the Government has made
the work, and all that is wanted is to keep it in
repair.
On the subject of appropriations for thatlake, I
ought to say a word. The commerce of that lake
is immense, and increasing with wonderful rapid-
ity. The whole country is interested in it, and
the appropriations for that lake are only about
one half what the appropriations are for Lake
Erie. I am not complaining, however, in regard
to that point. I am only endeavoring to show to
the committee the great propriety, as 1 think, of im-
proving this harbor, and putting these works, upon
which the Government have expended so much,
in a safe state of preservation. That is all I ask,
and that is all those interested in this matter ask.
It is what the commerce of the whole country re-
quires. I come now directly to the point. Will
this committee suffer these works to go to decay
for the want of $10,000 or $15,000, which will
put them in a state of preservation that will last
for a long series of years? I do not believe that
any such policy will characterize our legislation.
There is some misapprehension on the part of
the Committee on Commerce touching this sub-
ject. They have overlooked this important work
without reason, and this House will correct it.
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
says Little Sodus will serve as a port of refuge
to vessels going to Oswego. Suppose it will,
is so important a point as Big Sodus to be neg-
lected to build up a tender to Oswego ? What
sort of justice is this, what sort of protection to
commerce is it ? There is at Sodus a fight-house,
collector, and custom-house officers, and commer-
cial business. How is it at the point the commit-
tee proposes? I leave the committee to answer.
I have been solicited to move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing this debate. There
are those who desire to be heard before this com-
mittee upon other matters connected with this bill,
and I shall therefore decline to make such motion.
I wish to say a word upon the supposed infallibil-
ity of this bill. I protest against any such idea
as to any bill which may be brought into the
House.
The committee are to judge of the propriety or
impropriety of every amendment, and are we to
be told when the Committee on Commerce bring
in their bill here, that it is brought in upon such
principles, under such circumstances, and after
such labor by the committee, that it is not justly
subject to amendment? Sir, 1 agree to no such
proposition: I understand that there are various
important points of the rivers and harbors of the
country which are entirely neglected by this bill.
I have endeavored to represent one. There are
others of still greater importance, and I protest
against the piinciple that we arenotto look to the
real propriety of the case, but to be guided pre-
cisely by the views of the committee that reported
the bill. I repudiate all such ideas of legisla-
tion.
The amendment that I intend to propose at the
proper time, in reference to Sodus Bay, appro-
priates §15,000, which is the precise sum that the
Government has recommended as the proper
amount to be expended in order to secure the
works already there from destruction by the ele-
ments and the waters of the lake*
Mr. WiLDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined bills of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 91. An act for the relief of the exe-
cutors and heirs of Thomas Fletcher, deceased;
H. R. No. 207. An act to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the services of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1852;
H.R. No. 262. An acttoauthorizethePresident
of the United States to designate the places for
the ports of entry and delivery for the collection
districts of Puget's Sound and Umpqua, in the
Territory of Oregon, and to fix the compensation
of the collector at Astoria, in said Territory;
H. R. No. 231. An act for the relief of James
W. Campbell, of Pike county, Missouri;
H. R. No. 167. An act for the relief of Isaac
Cobb;
H. R. No. 96. An act for the relief of Gruatavus
A. De Rusaey, late acting purser in the Navy;
H. R. No. 103- An act for the relief of John
Mcintosh; and
S. No. 241. An act to authorize the Mayor and
Common Council of Chicago, Illinois, to excavate
a portion of the public reservation at that place,
with a view to the improvement of the navigation
of Chicago river—
And found the same truly enrolled; when the
Speaker signed the said bills.
Mr. TAYLOR. With a view to facilitate the
progress of thepublicbusiness, I shallnotavail my-
self of the opportunity now afforded me of address-
ing the committee for one hour, although I have
listened to over two hundred speeches from other
gentlemen which have occupied nearly the whole
session. I submit to the committee that we shall
progress with this bill with as much satisfaction
to every gentleman interested in it, and with as
much benefit to the whole country, by closing the
debate and confining ourselves to the explanation
of amendments in five-minutes speeches, as we
shall by further debate under the one hour rule; I
therefore move that the committee rise, with a
view to close the debate in a short time.
Mr. DISNEY. I trust my colleague will with-
draw that motion. It is very evident, from the in-
dications around us, that this bill has been taken
up quite unexpectedly, and that gentlemen are not
prepared to debate it. The bill is certainly alto-
gether too important in its character to be forced
ihrough the House without full and free discussion
in regard to it.
Now, I have a matter to bring to the attention
of the committee, in which my constituents are
interested—a matter of vast importance to them
and, I believe, to the Republic generally; and cer-
tainly to propose to me to crowd into a five-min-
utes speech, even a mere statement of facts, is
asking too much.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise is not
debatable.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely propose to reply to
my colleague. I notice that this bill contains ap-
propriations for the Mississippi, Missourir Ohio,
and Arkansas rivers, $260,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentlemaa with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. TAYI^OR. I do; but merely to reply to
my colleague. I am as much in favor of these-
appropriations as my colleague, or anybody else;
but we are now within less than a month of the
close of this session, with the great bills of the
session pressing upon us, and the Senate,in some
degree, reproaching the House with not expediting
the public business. Now, here is a bill which
has been before us since the 14th day of June
last. It was submitted to this House more than
a month ago, and I do not believe there is a gen-
tleman in this committee who has not long since
made up his mmd definitely in regard to these ap-
propriations, and who is not ready to vote on
them. I do not desire to limit debate upon the
general policy of the country; and if gentlemen
desire it, I am willing to have evening sessions
from seven till ten o'clock.
