1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to say a word by way of explanation?
Mr. TAYLOR. I yieid the floor to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that a motion for the committee to rise
with a view of closing this debate ought, in my
opinion, never to he made, unless the committee
shows a disposition to quit the subject-matter
before it in order to discuss general matters having
no connection with that subject. We have been
in committee but one hour, and there Has been no
disposition to quit the merits of this bill with a
view of discussing other matters. Now, while
gentlemen show a disposition to confine them-
selves to the merits of the bill, and its various
details and provisions, I do think that the appli-
cation of the gag law by a majority of this House
would be exceedingly injudicious and unjust.
I will remark further to my friend, that while it
is not my purpose, nor, as far as I know, the pur-
pose of any gentleman who is opposed to this bill,
to make hour speeches, with a view of delaying
the decision of the question, or m any way to
throw impediments in its way; yet there are some
who are desirous of hringing before the attention
of the committee certain bona fide amendments to
this bill which require more than five minutes
explanation.# And if my friend was not in too
great a hurry to make his motion for the commit-
tee to rise, I would ask him for still more time,
for the purpose of bringing to the- notice of this
committee one instance of omission in this bill,
■which, in my opinion, works great injustice to the
State which i in part represent. But I will not
ask my friend, to grant me more of his time, unless
it is freely granted. If it is granted, however, I
have only to say that it will not take me more than
ten minutes to say what I have to say. I do not
wish to speak in opposition to the bill generally.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his motion
tor the committee to rise, in order that the gentle-
man from Virginia, and any other gentlemen who
wish to present t>o the committee subjects that ap-
pertain to the perfection of this bill, may be heard
at the present time,
Mr. TAYLOR. In deference to the wishes of
the gentleman from Virginia, and of the distin-
guished gentleman who is chairman of the com-
mittee that reported this bill, I will, before I sit
down, withdraw the motion. I wish, however,
to make a remark in answer to the gentleman from
Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand that the motion to rise is withdrawn?
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir; I withdraw it; but
I wish to respond to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me, I will mention to him that one of j
my colleagues, who represents an interest deeply
involved in the question of river and harbor im-
Frovements, is desirous, I have no doubt,although
have not conferred with him, of submitting his
views upon this subject.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state to the gentleman
that I have withdrawn the motion until gentlemen
depart from the discussion of the bill now under
■consideration. I differ with the gentleman from
Virginia in this respect: I think that we can dis-
cuss these bills which have been lying on our
tables so long a great deaJ more appropriately,in-
telligibly, and successfully, by limiting debate, and
confining ourselves to live minutes of explanation
for and against amendments. My experience
here leads me to that conclusion.
Now, I have no desire to limit the general de-
hate upon this bill, or any other; but I submit to
the gentlemen of this committee that it behooves
us, as legislators, when we have been sitting here
since the'first Monday in December last, to expe-
dite the public business, and, if we ever mean to
pass a river and harbor bill, to do it now, and do
it quickly, for the people all over the country ex-
pect it at our hands, and expect that we shall pass
upon it in time for the Senate to pass upon italso.
You know that we lost a very valuable appropri-
atioiMiill of this kind at the last session, because
we sent it to the Senate too late for them to act
upon it. In my humble judgment, however, it
was in good time; but we were then in view of a
presidential nomination, and it did not suit the
views of presidential aspirants to take up that bill,
for the want of which the Western country, and
the United States generally, had been suffering for
so many years, and hence it was defeated.
Now, J should like to consume an hour in dis-
cussing the merits of this bill, and of the various
appropriations contained m it. it is imperatively
demanded by the Western.States that something
shall be done to protect our harbors, to protect the
commerce amongst the rftates, to improve our
rivers, to uphold that vast internal commerce
which is greatly superior, in amount, to our for-
eign commerce, and which, i say, demands the
attention, and the speedy attention, of tins. House,
and of this Congress. We should noi, then, frit-
ter away our time in unnecessary debate, i wish
to debate some amendments which I design to otler
to this bill, but 1 am content to debate them under
the five minutes rule. Those of my friends ought
not to complain who have already occupied two,
three, four, and five hours of the time of this
House during the present session. There are a
hundred gentlemen in this House—and i wish the
country to know and understand it—who, by the
tyranny of the rules which we have imposed upon
ourselves, have not been permitted to occupy five
minutes of the time of this House on anyproposi-
sition, local, private, or public.
Now, 1 have great deference to the wishes of
those gentlemen. I am willing to sit here during
four or five hours in the morning, and then have
protracted sessions in the evening, if they desne
it, to hear them discuss public questions of gen-
eral interest. But when a bill of tins kind is be-
fore us, which has been upon our tables foi a
month; when we have resolved to adjourn on the
16th of August, and when we lnne been re-
proached by the Senate for not sending them the
important appropriation bills, so that they may
get ready to adjourn, I do think it behooves us to
act speedily and promptly on this bill, and not
consume time by unnecessary and vexatious dis-
quisitions on questions which are not before us.
I will now yield my right to occupy the floor
one hour, and I will withhold my motion as long
as gentlemen confine themselves to a discussion
of the bill now before us, but i shall renew it as
soon as I find- gentlemen departing from it to
make presidential Buncombe speeches, to which
I have no objection, provided they can be made
at some convenient time during our sessions, and
which, if it becomes necessary, I shall probably
indulge in making myself. But I submit that we
are called upon by an imperious necessity, not
only to act on this bill, but to hear from our va-
rious committees—the Naval Committee, the
Committee on Military Affairs, the Committee on
Commerce—upon other subjects than this bill,
and all the other committees which have not been
called for four months, while some of us have
been sitting here m exhausted health and spirits,
listening with regret to the waste of the time of
the Mouse and of the committee, which, it seems,
to me, might have been pitifuably appropriated, j
if we had limited ourselves to debate on the ques- I
tioris under consideration. ,
Now, I have no reproac hes to makeagamst any ^
gentleman of this House; butasa member of some J
little experience,! feel that I huvea right to submit j
it to the gentlemen of the committee, if it does not j
behoove us to act promptly upon this bill, partic-
ularly when, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Seymour] says, it is fourteen years since
any appropriations have been made for the im-
provement of our harbors and the protection of
our commerce. I, for one, sir, am willing to sit j
here day in and day out, to hold evening sessions, ;
and to pass this bill before we take up any other
appropriation bill whatever. I am friendly to the
war establishment, and to our Navy, and I am
willing to go to a reasonable extent to make ap-
propriation for the civil and diplomatic service ot
the country; but I say that gentlemen who repre-
sent interior districts, should stand by this bill and
pass it in some form or other, before they touch the
civil and diplomatic, bill, or any other appropria-
tion bill, in the House or in the committee.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to oiler a substitute for
the entire bill now before the committee. I would
not do it if I was assured that no amendment
would be offered to the bill as reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill I propose is one introduced into the
House by me on the 4th o{ March Inst, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, it is the
identical bill which passed this House, in the last
Congress, which was sent to the Senate, and was
defeated there on the last day of the session. I
offer it now, without any further remarks, and
hope it will be printed in theOiobe, so that every
one can examine it. Then, if the House vote this
substitute down, I shall feel justified in voting
against all other amendments which may be of-
fered. If we cannot take this bill, let us take the
one reported by the Committee on Commerce.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Jic it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ativc-i of the United States oj in Congress as-
$ct fitted, That a sum of money be, and the same is hereby,
{impropriated, to be paid out of any unappropriated money
in ihe Treasury sufficient for the following purposes, viz:
Foi a breakwater stuioture at the harbor ot Burlington,
on Lake Uhamplain, $15,< 00.
] Fur a bteakw ater structure at the harbor at Plattsburg, on
Lake Chan.plain. $15,000.
I For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
I Lake Ciiamplam, $10,000.
For lepriiis and working of dredge on Lake Cliamplain,
£9,000
For improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, $15,000.
Foi the improvement of the harbor at O&wego, on Lake
Onfano, $40,000.
For the impiovement of the harboi at the mouth of Big
Soriub Bav, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
Foi the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Little
Sodus B:iy, on Lake Ontario, $ SO,000.
For the improvement of the haibor at the mouth of the
Gencsoe river, on Lake Ontario, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak
Oicbaid Bay, on Lake Ontario. $10,500.
For ,i dredge-bo.u on Lake Ontario, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Buffalo, on Lake
Eue, and the repair and extenn'on of the sea-wall thereat,
$50,000.
For the impiovemcmt of the haibor at Dunkhk, on Lake
Erie. $20,000.
For ihe improvement of the harbor at Cattaraugus, oa
Lake Erie, £15.000.
For the improvement of the haibor at Eiie, on Lake Erie,
$4<>,000
For the improvementof the haiboi atConneaut,on Lake
Eiie, $15,000.
For the improvementof the harbor at Cunningham's Bay,
on Lake Erie, $10,000.
Foi the inrpiovemvntof the haibor at Ashtabula, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Eiie, $15,000.
For the improvement ot the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake
Erie, $20,001)
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on Lake Erie, $10,00 >.
Foi the impiovement of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
million river, on Lake Ene, $10,000
j For the impiovement of the harbor at Huron, on Lake
1 EM<\$IO,OOI.
i For the impiovement of the harbor at Sandusky, on Lake
' El ie, $30.1100.
FoMhe improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
Erie. $20,000.
For a dredge-boat on Lake Eiie, $20,000,
For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan City, on
Lake Michigan, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, and for repairs ol dredae-and dredgms, $27,176.
For a breakwater stnieimo at the harbor of Waukegan,
on Lake Michigan, $15,00.1.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake
Michigan, $20,000.
Foi the impiovement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kniama/oo nvei, on Lake Michijraiu $10,000.
For the improvement of the haibor at the mouth of Grand
nvei. on Lake Michigan, $10,POO.
Foi the improvementof the harbor at Miiwaukio, on Lake
Michigan, ^25,000.
Foi the improvement of the harboi at Racine, on Lake
Michigan, $-20,000.
For "the improvement of the harbor at Southport,on Lake
Michigan, $i5,000.
For a diedge boat on Lake Michigan, $90,000,
For continuation of the surveys of the northern and north-
western lakes', $25,000.
Forihe improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, --20,000.
For the, improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, $50,000.
Foi the improvement of the harboi at Havfe de Gracc, in
M.irjland, $20,000.
For a breakwater structure at Great Point, Nantucket,
Massachusetts, §20,C00,
For the improvement of the harbor at New Bedford, Mas-
sachi^ett-, jfcl0.000.
Foi the impiovement of the harbor at Provmcetown, Mas-
s>achii!*etls , £4.500.
For the improvementof the harbor at Wilmington, North
Carolina, and a re^urvey of the Cape Fear river below Wil-
mington. and for the survey of the harbor at the mouth of
New river, below Jacksonville. North Carolina, $10,000.
■ For the improvement oi the harbor at Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, $10,000.
For the improvementof the harbor at Savannah, and the
naval anchorage, near Pulaski, $50,000.
Fur the cons-tiuction of a breakwater structure at Stam-
ford Ledge, in the haibor of Portland, Maine, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts. between Buzzard's* Bay and Vineyard Sound,
$4,500. '
For the improvementof the harbor at Providence, and
the lemoval of a rock in Saukonnet river, Rhode Island,
For the improvement of the harbor at New Castle, Dela-
ware, $15,000.
