1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Now, hear what Kossuth says of his motive in
being here at this time:
"The motive, citizens, is that your genprous act of my
liberation has raised the conviction throughout the world
that thisi generous act of yours is but the manifestation of
your resolution to throw your weight into the balance
where the fate of the European continent is to be weighed.
Vou have raised the conviction.throughout the world, that
by my liberation you were willing to say, ( Ye oppressed
'•nations of old Europe's continent, be oT good"cheer; the
young giant of America stretches his powerful arm over
' the waves, ready to give a brother's hand to your fature.?
So is your act interpreted throughout the world."
He goes on to say:
"It is hence.that my liberation was cheered,. from Swe-
den down to Portugal, as a ray of hope. Jt is hence that
even those nations which most desire my presence in Europe
* now, have unanimously told me, ' Hasten on, hasten on to
the great, free, rich, and powerful people of the United
States, and bring over its brotherly aid to the cuasc of your
country, so intimately connected with European liberty."'
-Again, he says:
" And taking my ground on this principle of union, which
1 find lawfully existing, an established constitutional fact,
it is not to a party, but to the united people of the United
States that I confidently will address my humble requests
for aid and protection to oppressed humanity. I will con-
scientiously lespectvour laws, but within the limits of your
laws I will use everyhonest cxeition to gvmyour Qperativc
sympathy and your financial, material, and political aul
for niv country's freedom and independence, and entreat the
realization of these hopes which your generosity has raised !
in me and my people's breasts, and also in the breasts of j
Euiope's oppiessed nations. And, therefoie, thirdly, I beg i
leave frankly to state that my aim is to restore my father- i
land to the full enjoyment of that act of doclaiation of m- j
dependence, which being the only rightful existing public
law of my nation."
How is it possible for his fatherland to be re-
stored without war ? How could we possibly aid,
financially, materially, and politically, without bring-
ing war?
I refer to these speeches to show that my reso-
lutions had some foundation in fact. But in addi-
tion to all this, we have another most extraordi-
nary development. Kosssth was invited to review
the militia of New York; he was invited to appear
before the militia of the country with all the trap-
pings of military gewgawism, no doubt with the
privilege of expressing to those men in arms, the
same sentiments that he expressed at the other
meetings. Here is what he says in referehce to
that invitation:
" T am told that I will have the high honor to i eview your
patriotic militia. Oh, God! how my heait throbs <ii the
idea to see this gallant army enlisted 011 I he side of free-
dom, against despotism; the'world would be free, and you
the saviois of humanity."
Now, I ask if there was not some reason for the
resolutions which I offered? I ask the House to
Jook at this man, with his powerful eloquence,
with his great ingenuity, with his greater charac-
ter, coming as he does from the fields where lib-
erty's battles were fought and won and lost—I
ask the House to view him in his speeches and in
his positions, with all its candor, and to say if
there was not some grounds of apprehension that
those inflammatory harangues would incite the
young and the ambitious into an expedition ? flow
long would it take New York, with its immense
wealth and shipping resources, to supply and fit
out an expedition? It is known that New York
was the life, soul, and centre of the ill-starred Cu-
ban expedition.
But I pass on to the general positions which he
assumes m some of his other speeches. Was it
generous in this man—was it returning our hos-
pitality in a proper manner, to come here and so
immediately, so directly, so unblushingly, so un-
hesitatingly to commence a direct interference in
our public and private concerns. What does he
say ? Not content with receiving the homage of
the people in their popular assemblies, he assails
Congress and advises us to recall our Minister
from Vienna! What a height of impudence is
that! He tells us that we can spare Mr. Hulse-
mann. Here is Ins language;
k' Now, as to your minister at Vienna, how you can com-
bine the letting him stay there with your opinion of the
cause of Hungary, I really don't know; but so much I
know that the present absolutisucal-atmosphere of Europe
is not very propitious to Amencan principle*. I know a
man who could tell s-ome curious facts about this matter.
But as to Mr. Jlulsemann, reaily 1 don't believe that he
would be so read} 10 leave Washington. He has extremely
well digested the caustic, pills which Mr. Webster has
administered to linn so glonously.''
Now notice the magical skill of this arch elocu-
tionist. See with what ingenuity he mixes the
flattery with the censure. Why, he is almost as
polished and as ingenious as St. Paul, who, when
he pleaded before Agrippa smoothed his way to
the King's heart by a magibal touch, thus: "I
think myself happy, King Agrippa, because I
shall answer for myself, this day, before thee,
especially because I know thee to be expert in all the
questions and customs which are among the Jews."
Here, in connection with these slurs upon our
Austrian mission, and upon the respectable rep-
resentative of that Government here, he sqft-
sawders Mr. Webster, endeavoring, I suppose, to
o.btain, and no doubt obtaining, by that soft-saw-
denno-, the influence -of some of Mr. Webster's
frienus. But he mistakes the American heart.
Our triumphs bring pleasure and delight to us.
Our. friends rejoice when the victory is over, it
it not ours to turn the knife in the wound; we are
not cold enough for that. Mr. Webster's triumph
in the little matter of diplomacy was very com-
plete over Mr/Hulsemann—very gratifying, very
satisfactory. Did Mr. Webster enjoy tfie pain
which it gave his respectable adversary ? No. He
rejoiced not in the pain he inflicted; but in the in-
tellectual pleasure of looking upon his own bant-
ling—a great Utile letter! Now, I tell Kossuth
that Mr. Webster feels great disgust for this heart-
less effort to revive an old quarrel, and to insult
Mr. Hulsemann by referring to him in words of
contempt coupled with a flattering allusion to the
Secretary of State I refer to this for the pur-
pose of asking if it became an exile who had been
brought to this country by the mediation of the
Government, sanctioned by the people, so soon
and so unblushingly to begin his interference in
our public as well as <jur private affairs?
But I must hasten 011. This man, in the last
speech which he made in New York—to which
speech I take no exception whatever—I have no
doubt that he had seen or heard of my resolutions
before he delivered it, because it is entirely free
from the incendiarism which marked his former
speeches—but in that speech, he says that General
Washington never recommended national non-in-
tervention, but only neutrality, and he resorts to a
species of fallacious logic by which he endeavors
to draw a distinction between "neutrality" and
national "non-intervention." Everybody knows,
Mr. Speaker, what has been our policy. It makes
110 odds whether Washington recommended it in so
many words. His word "neutrality" was quite
sufficient, and upon it has been built the policy that
has ruled us m all time. And what has been the
result of thatpo4iey? Why, from the small be-
ginning of three millions of inhabitants, we have
now got twenty-tinee millions; from a small num-
ber of States, we are now over thirty; from a rag-
ged population, we present the best dressed popu-
lation in the world; and from poverty we have
risen to the greatest wealth and pro>perty. Why
and how did we get all these? We got them by
an adherence to the great principle of staying at
home and minding our own business. It is a princi-
ple Upon which a private man thrives. Jt is a
principle upon which private families prosper.
It is a principle upon which a neighborhood has
peace and prosperity and enjoyment. It is that
great principle which has raised us up to be the
greatest government on earth. But Kossuth says
that we may depart from that policy now—that
it was wise when we were young, but that now
we have grown up to be a giant and may abandon
it. Here is another bit of philosophy for you.
We can all resist adversity. We know the uses—
and sweet are they—of adversity. It is the cruci-
ble of fortune. It is the iron key. that unlocks the
golden gates of prosperity. I say, God bless ad-
versify. It pricks me. 1 bleed and am well. But
the rock upon which men and upon which nations
split is prosperity. This man says that we
have grown to be a giant and that we may depart
from the wisdom of our youth. But I say that
now is the time to take care; we are great enough;
let us be satisfied; prevent the growth of our
ambition, prevent our pride from swelling, and
hold on to what we have got. Do you remember
the story of the old governor, who had been raised
from rags? His lvmg discovered in him merit
and integrity, and appointed him a satrap—a ruler
over many provinces. He came to be great, and
it was his custom to be escorted throughout the
country several times during the year, in order to
see and to be seen. He was received and acknowl-
edged everywhere as a great man and a great gov-
ernor. But he carried about \yith him a mysterious
chest, and every now and then he would look into
it, but let nobody else see what it contained.
There was a great deal of curiosity by
this chest, and finally he was prevailed- upon by
some of his friends to let them look into it. Well,
he permitted it, and what did they see? They1
saw an old ragged and torn suit; of clothes, the •
clothes that he used to wear in his humility .and
in his poverty, and he said that he carried them
about with him in order that when his heart began-
to swell, and his ambition to rise,and his pride-to
dilate, he could look 011 the rags, they reminded
him of what he had been, and thus he .was enabled
to resist the temptations of prosperity. Let us
see whether this can illustrate anything in our
history. Raise the veil, if there is one, which
conceals the poverty of this Union, when there
were but thirteen States. Raise the veil that con-
ceals the rags of our soldiers of the Revolution.
Lift the lid of the chest which contains the pov-
erty of our beginning, in order that you maybe
reminded, like this old satrap, of the days of your
poverty, and be enabled to resist the advice of this
man who now tells you that you were wise in
your youth, but that now you are a giant and
may depart from that wisdom. Remember now
the use of adversity, and let us take advantage of
it and be benefited by it, for great is the man, and ,
greater is the nation, that can resist the enchanting
smiles of prosperity.
In referring to our humble beginning, and our
great and astonishing growth, I am induced to
pause a moment, and ask why is it that we should
so lightly and carelessly treat propositions of this
sort, which involve, as it is admitted this propo-
sition does involve, the very principle by which
we have grown to our present condition? What
was the cost of this great and glorious Confeder-
acy ? We cannot find it by going back and
searching the old Quartermaster's reports. We
cannot find it in dollars and cents—we know not
how to estimate it by this method. The true place
to find the cost is in the battle-fields of the Revo-
lution—in the ra^s, the deprivations, the bleeding
feet of your soldiers—the history of those brave
men, who fell in their youth. In this contempla-
tion, I cannot arrive at an estimate of the cost of
these States. Now, I ask, if it is wise in this
legislative assembly so lightly and carelessly to
pass by the wisdom of our fathers?
In reference to this question of non-intervention,
Mr. Kossuth rather exultingly asks, in answer to
some objections, if France did not give us active
and material aid in the days of the Revolution?
Certainly; but that was her business, and not
ours—that was her policy, and not ours. It is
very simple in Mr. Kossuth to ask such a'ques-
tion. He should read history; the little tags he
picks up from editors and reporters and conferring
friends will not suffice. Do the advocates of-this
resolution—the advocates of the abandonment of
our non-intfervention^epend upon this question as
an argument for them ? Is it not known in history
that France had possessions contiguous to the
colonies, and that it was her business to protect
them? It was her policy to come here and afford
us aid against England, as well for her own sake
as for ours. There is an answer to any little ex-
ultation any man may have, in referring to the
French question. I say it was her policy to de-
sire to defeat England, as well as her inclination,
to aid a suffering and oppressed people as we were
at that time, which brought her to our shores.
And now, as I have a few moments left, I beg
leave to call your attention to another fact, I
have passed over many things which [ should
like to dwell upon, but I turn to consider another
question, which is a part of his mission, and that
is the question of reugion. Religion! I have a
book, written by his oiographer, and, of course,
his friend, m which he says that one of Kossuth's
objects is' "to beat doicn the Catholic religion!"
"That in the struggle 111 the Hungarian contro-
versy depended the prevalence of the Protestant
religion!" That is, the Protestant religion would
rise or fall with the Hungarian struggle. This
man goes on to show that Kossuth's object is to
destroy the Catholic religion. (Teft's Book.) I
refer to this in order to ask, whether freedom in
religious worship is not one of the corner-stone®
of our institutions.. I ask if it is proper in the
Congress of the United States, by its assembled
wisdom, to say to this man,''Come here—stir
uS up, in order that we may superintend secret
expeditions against Austria; come here to feast,
drink, loaf, and lounge, teach us politics, and in-
