1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
For the improvement of the harbor at Newark, New Jer-
sey, embracing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills, west-
ward of the mouth of the bay, $155<'00.
Tor tho improvement of the harbor at PortPenn, Dela-
ware, embracing the Reedy Island Shelter, $25,000.
For the completing of the removal of the sand shoal hi
Pamlico river, below Washington, North Carolina, §5,000.
For the continuation ol the Delaware breakwater, $59,000.
For th ^ improvement and further survey of the haibor at
Baltimore city, below the Port Warden's line, and the Pa-
tapsco river, from the eaidPort VVardeii'slme to the mouth
of said river, $20,000.
Forthe repairand preservation of the harbors on the coast
of the Atlantic ocean, &"20,0'0.
For the removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson river, above and below Albany, §75,0'j0.
For the removal of the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. Clair river, connecting the upper and lower lakes,
$40,000. i
For rhe improvement of the Ohio river above the Falls at ;
Louisville, $80,000. '
For the improvement of the Mississippi river below the
ramds, the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville, and the
Missouri and Arkansas rivers, $240,OW; ind forthe Illinois
and Tennessee rivers, $50,000 each.
For the improvement of Red River, $80,000.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio liver, §50,000.
Forthe improvement of the harbor at Stanford, Connec-
ticut, $5, 00.
For the improvement of the Hog-Tsland channel, m the
harbor at Charleston, South Caiofina, $25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Mamtouwoc, in the
State ol Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the
State of Wi-consin, $10,0(10.
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of the
Mississippi river, $50,000.
Forthe improvement of the Hurteate channel, in Now
York h trbor, $30,00 >.
For the removal of rocks obsfiuctmg the navigation of
Cob-cock Bay, near Falls Inland, below the Port of Pem-
broke, on the coa-n of Mainn, $5,' 00.
For the improvement of the haibor at the mouth of Sag-
inaw river, in Saginaw Bay, on Lake Huron, $10,000.
For the improvement of the Bayou La Fourche, in Lou-
isiana, $25,QuO.
For the improvement and further survey of the haibor at
the mouth oi Clinton river, on Lake St. Clair, in the State
Of Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Pultneyville, in the
State of New York, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
liver, in the State of Michigan, $10,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
w^th an estimate of the con and advantages to said harbor,
of connecting the river Neu^e therewith, .^,2,5 0.
For the survey of the Mississippi river above the Falh of
St. Anthony, for the purpose of ascertaining what improve-
ments (and the expense thereof) can be made in the navi-
gation at Sauke and Pike lapids, $f>,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Mobile, $30,000.
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusettp, $1,500.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at
Richmond city, Virginia, and the James! river from said har-
bor to the mouth of said river, and from the junction ofs>aid
river with the Appomattox river, to the citv of Petersburg
$20,000. J
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, ami dic-
charging-scowi-, for the removal of obstructions us the har-
bors on the coa^t of Texas, #5U.O0ft.
For the removal of Middle feock, designated on tho chart
as "Rocky Buov, ia the harbor of New Haven, Connec-
ticut, $6,00 >, or for the erection of a beacon theieon, at the
discretion of the Secietarv of War.
$20°000remOVing rafE in the Colora(io nver' Texa«,
For removing the obstructions ki the Rio Grande river,
Texas, $25,700.
For the improvement of the harbor of Port Jefferson,
New York, $5,000.
F<?r Reopening a coironunieation between Albemarle
Sound, Noith Corohns, and the Atlantic ocean, $100,000.'
For a sea-wall op the great Brewster, in the harbor of
Boston, Mn«-acltPseiN, $15,000.
For the construction of «nag-boatP, dredge-boats and
discharging-Kcows, to be used on the Missu-sippi, Ohio,
Missouri, Arkansis, and other we^ro water-*, ^'l''0,000.
Porn, "breakwater at Richmond inland, m Poitland hai-
bofj $10,000.
Mr. MEADE. If 1 understood the gentleman
from North Carolina, |Mr. Stanly,]—for I heard
him but very imperfectly,—he now proposes to
offer, as an amendment, the bill passed by the
House during the last session of Congress.
Mr. Chairman,! do not intend to make a speech
upon this question. 1 only wish to submit a very
few remarks to the committee tinon the subject.
] see from the votes that have been taken upon
preliminary questions in connection with this bill,
that it istne determination of this House to pass'
this bill in some shape or other, 1 wish to bring-
to the attention of the committee the fact, that
while nearly every State in the Union has been
provided for in this bill to some extent, that which
1 have the honor to represent in part is not men-
tioned. Every other State has some appropria- i
tion except (i may without egotism be permitted j
to say) the great State of Virginia. I have con- j
ferred with the chairman of the Committee on '
Commerce, [Mr. Seymour,] and asked him why !
it was that those who have no constitutional scru-
ples upon this subject should have overlooked the
State of Virginia, while ail the other States have
been provided for? I says Mr. Chairman, it is
unfair. Jc is utterly unjust that any State should
be overlooked from the simple fact that her dele-
gation is restrained by honest convictions from
asking for appropriations of this sort. Those
who do not entertain constitutional objections
should take care in all bills of this sort to see that
equal justice be done to every section of the
Union.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to explain the matter.
Mr. MEADE. I cannot give way at present.
I said I had conferred with the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce. He gave
me for a reason of the omission that no estimates
or petitions had been submitted to his committee
for the State of "Virginia, it only shows that the
Department which submitted the estimates have
overlooked the State of Virginia entirely.
Now, sir, the delegation from Virginia have
the same reasons for not appearing before the
committee that restrain them from voting for such
appropriations in the House. Bat if it be the pol-
icy of Congress to improve the rivers and harbors
of the country, is it not incumbent upon those
who are in favor of them, and who have no con-
stitutional scruples in the way, so far to respect
the honest opinions of Virginia as to see that she
shall not suffer by the integrity and fidelity of her
Representatives in strictly adhering to the great
doctrines inculcated by their forefathers, and reit-
erated time after time by their children ?
Look to the map of Vnginia, and see if there
is a State in this Union penetrated by more noble
rivers them that Sfate is. Is there a State in this
Union presenting to the operations of commerce
so inviting a field as her bays and rivers' Not
one. If it be the purpose of Congress to look to
interests of this sort, I appeal to its justice, I ap-
peal to us sense of equity, that the State of Vir-
ginia shall not be put under the ban simply because
she entertains an honest belief that Congress has
no authority under the Constitution to make such
appropriations. Sir, it is the bounden duty, in
my opinion, of those who have the charge of pre-
paring these bills, to provide for the interests of
that State as well as for those of other States of the
Union. Why, sir, I find more than a dozen ap-
propriations for the great Srate of New Yortf,
, embracing every portion of it. The interest cf
I almost every State except Virginia is carefully
provided for.
To those from the interior of the country who
may be disposed to favor the improvement of
rivers, and who have no constitutional objections
to appropriations by Congress for such purposes,
, I beg to say that in the State of Virginia, the
i noble James river, which bears the commerce of
1 three most important cities, presents, at this time,
, an obstacle to the general commerce of the country
i equal to that of any river xn the United States.
But for Harrison's Bar, which lies about sixteen
, miles below the junction of the Appomattox and
James rivers, ships of the largest burden would
float safely up to the wharves at City Point and
discharge their cargoes without hindrance. They
can now only reach that point by putting half
their cargo on board of lighters which, at great
expense, are sent down to Harrison's Bar for that
purpose. This bar is about sixty-five miles from
Richmond, and some twenty-five or thirty from
Petersburg. But, Mr. Chairman, v/e have not
been urging upon Congress the appropriation of
$50,000 for the removal of that bar. We have
not brought to the attention of the nation the great
interests involved in the navigation of the James
river. We have not brought the claims of that
river and its heavy commerce to the attention of
Congress, for the reason that I have just named:
our convictions in res;aixl to the powers of Con-
gress over the subject.
Is it not incumbent, then, upon those who en-
tertain no such scruples, to see that the interests
of every section of the country be provided for.
It is adding insult to injury, to tell us we do this
to punish you. To punish what? To punish
honesty of'purpose? To punish constitutional
convictions? Is it because the term s< Virginia
abstraction" has become odious in this House,
that this policy is pursued ? Let me remind those
gentlemen that we value those abstractions as the
dictates of a sacred duty. Let them consider the
source from which such opinions come. Let them
consider that it is by virtue of the veneration and
respect which we have been ever in the habit of
observing towards the great charter of our rights.
Let them consider, at least, that they proceed from
an honest purpose, and that we are governed in
this matter by a principle—a principle that leads
us to these results; and that however eironeous
they may be deemed by others, they are as much
bound to respect them as one denomination of
Christians are bound to respect the conscientious
opinions and belief of another. If both sincerely
believe in their religion, it becomes neither to tell
the other they are wrong, and should be punished.
Should Virginia be excommunicated because she
adheres to her faith—because she refuses to be
purchased? I protest against such a system of
legislation. I say to the committee, that by pur-
suing a policy of this sort, instead of promoting
and fostering a feeling of love for the Confeder-
acy, it is calculated to create heartburnings and
discontent, and to convert the Congress of the
United States into an inquisition and engine of
torture, to force the consciences of men.
Mr. Chairman, while I shall vote against this
bill, in consequence of many appropriations in it
which I cannot approve, and which I believe to
be unconstitutional, yet if such a bill is to pass, it
is my duty to urge upon this House, and upon
those who can conscientiously vote for such a bill,
to do justice taall.
Mr. STANLY. Will my friend allow me to
say a word? in the substitute I have offered,
there is an appropriation for the very thing to
which the gentleman has referred.
Mr. MEADE. I am very well aware of that;
but I should prefer this bill with the omission of
my State, to the bill offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] for the sim-
ple reason, that it does less violence to the Con-
stitution. That bill is much mote local and par-
ticular in its provisions. I wouid prefer this bill
as the lesser evil, although the greater evil wouid
offer a local benefit, i shall not be controlled in
my choice between the bill before the House and
that proposed by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, by the fact that there is m that bill soma
$40,000 or §50,000 offered as a reward fc the vote
of Virginia. No, sir; I prefer this bill which con-
tains an appropriation of about $1,500,000, to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, which I believe appropriates upwards
of $3,000,000.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. The remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] demand fsom me, on behalf
of the committee, a few words of exolanation in ref-
erence to the course which we have pursued. Tho
Committeeon Commercefound, when they looked
at this subject for the first time, that no estimates
had been madefor any appropriation that fell within
the Stateof Virginia. They found that no petitions
had been presented from that Slate for any appro-
priation, or even for a survey upon which future
appropriations could be bas*d. No member of
this House from the State of Virginia ever pre-
sented to that committee any objects for their con-
sideration; and I would ask the membeis of this
committee whether they deem it proper for any
committee of this House, and more especially a
committee constituted, as we were,m reference to
the distribution of the patronage of the Govern-
ment, if I may so cali it, upon works of this char-
acter, to have sought cases, in the different States,
for the purpose of locating our appropriations?
Had wedoneso, we should have departed entireiv
from that spirit and principle of practice by whicfe
we have been actuated in the formation of this bill
from the beginning to the end of it. At thoeame
time, sir, it did not escape our observation, and
it was a matter of remark and consideration in the
committee, that the great Srare of Virginia, with
all her commercial interests, did not appear in this
bill. But they said that a sense of delicacy and
propriety, in reference to the construction of a
bill of this character, certainly ought to have, and
did have, the effect to withhold "any memlWb of
that committee from calling upon any gentleman
from the State of Virginia to solicit a case, where
we might appropriate money in that Stale.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man seems to place tne fact that there is no ap,
propriation in that bill for the State of Virginia
