1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
Now, I call upon the Senators who signed the mi-
nority report, to say whether this is not, prima
facie, in our favor, and conclusive, unless you can
show an error ? Where is the testimony on which
to rest even the presumption of error ? There is
none. In this table there are two counties which
are only partially returned.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will tell him where the evidence is on which you
can rest the presumption that the returns are in-
correct as to these twenty-two counties. It is in
the letter of the census agent, in which he says,
that in order to ascertain the population of Cali-
fornia, you must add from thirty three to fifty per
cent, to the returns.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the census agent who
has made these returns to the Census Bureau did
act under oath,and his returns are to be presumed
to be according to law. Ax i intended to show
yesterday, his suggestion of the thirty-three or
fifty percent, to be added, is not intended to cover
the returns which have been made in full to the
Department; and even if he were to make this
suggestion as to all the returns, it would not be a
presumption that would shake testimony which is
conclusive. Minor and secondary testimony can-
not prevail against that which is final and conclu-
sive. Besides,he did not make the actual enumer-
ation. It was made by the sub-marshals, who did
it also under oath, and we are bound, under the
law, to consider the twenty-two counties returned
here as conclusive; and we have the certificate of
the Secretary of the Interior to that effect. There
are but two counties, then, according to this table,
from which partial returns have been received—
Butte and Tuolumne. Now, as to Butte county,
where have we got any evidence which is conclu-
sive ? Why, the census agent of the State of Cal-
ifornia m April, 1851, returned to the Legislature
of California whathedeems to be the full returns of
that county; and he puts it down in part in this
table, to which I have referred, as three thousand
five hundred and seventy-four. When, according
to law, he deposits the full returns with the Secre-
tary of State of California, Butte county is set
down at four thousand seven hundred and eighty-
six. That was when his returns of the census
were completed, and nearly one year after the time
when the census was to have been taken. Thus
there was over a thousand added to the county of
Butte.
Then we come to the other county of Tuo-
lumne. In the report of the census agent to the |
Legislature of California, he states that some of
the counties are not put in in detail, but that they t
are put in together, and the aggregate sent in. On
the 5th of March, 1852, we received from the Cen-
sus Office eight thousand eisht hundred and j
fifty-one as the population of Tuolumne county, 1
upon the partial returns which had been le-
ceived. Have we not the highest testimony that
can be obtained of the extent"of the population of
these counties, even if they have not been returned
according to law: How are you going to undo
the influence of this conclusion with your prima 1
facie evidence? You take up the views of our
friend in the House of Representatives, as to what
he supposes to be the population of the State of
California. Will any lawyer or statesman suffer
a principle vital in itself, and found in the Consti-
tution, to be controlled by testimony of that char-
acter? Why, the honorable gentleman from Cal-
ifornia in the House of Representatives never
dreamed of such a suggestion.
Then there were twenty-two counties fully re-
turned, and three to be heard from. Twenty-two
and two make twenty-four, and threemake twenty-
seven. Since that time the other three counties—
Contra Costa, Santn Clara, and San Francisco—
have been returned , so that we have the complete
returns. Let us throw no mystery about this
transaction in order to violate a duty for the grati-
fication even nf our good friends from California.
How are the returns of these three counties ac-
counted for? The law of 185,0 made it the duty
of the marshal to put one set ot his returns in the
office of the Secretary of State of the State. Did
he do it? Is there a gentleman on this ftaor who
says that he did not ? Is theie any committee
who deny it? Wheie, then, are you lo look to
get the population of these three counties ac-
counted for? Why, you are to get them from the
census agent of California, through the Secretary
of State of the State of California. What does the
population of these three counties amount to ?
Twenty-five thousand two hundred and twenty-'"
four. Is there any gentleman on this floor who
has even made the allegation that these three coun-
ties were taken dishonestly or unfairly? None.
I In the event that the returns should be destroyed,
' (as the returns of these counties were by the con-
flagration of San Francisco,) what was to be done?
Why, we were to get the next best evidence, being
the returns deposited in the office of the Secretary
of State of the State of California. We have that
information. V/e have those returns from that
State; and thus we have full returns—complete
returns from the twenty-seven counties of the State.
And aie not all the presumptions in our favor—in
fact, is not the testimony conclusive? And yet
gentlemen seek to open these conclusions, founded
upon principles of law and sound sense. For what?
To change the relative rights of one State toward
the other States, giving California a political power
inconsistent with the Constitution and the law.
Upon what principle do you justify it? It is upon
the assumption, not even the presumption, that
the returns are wrong. And yet, not even the
lucid mind of my distinguished friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Geyer] has been able to make this
matter clear; still we are called upon to vote two
members to California.
As I stated yesterday, it was my wish, when I
commenced this investigation, to endeavor to give
California two members: but 1 find it inconsistent
with my duty, and in violation of every material
fact connected with the controversy. Where is it
that you say this enumeration is not full and
fair? Where is the evidence before the Senate
j that we are about to do injustice to the rights of
I California? Nowhere. 1 have shown you the
| returns of twenty-two counties returned m full to
! the Census Buieau, and so certified by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. Two counties were in part
completed and returned by the census agent of
California to that State.
Mr. WELLER. The gentleman is certainly
mistaken about that. If he is not laboring under
an error, I should be very much obliged to him to
tell me, either from the report of the census agent
to the Legislature or to the Census Bureau, what
is the population of Tuolumne county?
Mr. DAWSON. Is that the only county about
which the Senator has any questions to ask 5
Mr. WELLER. I ask that question now; I may
ask another hereafter.
Mr. DAWSON. In Exhibit A, as returned by
the census agent to the Legislature of California,
he had omitted Tuolumne county; but what does
he say? That the aggregate population of the
State is one hundred and seventeen thousand ihree
hundred and eighteen.
Mr. WELLER. That is not an answer to my
question.
Mr. DAWSON. In the conclusion of his le-
port to the Secretaiy of State of California, he
says:
" Wif!i the foregoing explanation. I hope the leturmhcie-
witl) submitted, in Evhibit A, will render satisfactory tile
dut\ imposed upon mc."
Whnt was the duty imposed upon him ' To
return the census taken m every county in the
State according to the requisitions of the act of
1850.
Mr. WELLER. If the gentleman will look at
that table, he will find that not only is Tuolumne
county omitted, but that Los Angeles and Santi-
ago are also omitted. It is notthe simple omission
of the word i£ Tuolumne," but the figures respect-
ing the population of that county are not to be
found m the table. Upon what ground, then, is
it that the Senntor says there has been a full re-
turn from that county? I undertake to say that
upon no part of this report can he tell me now
what is the population of the county of Tuo-
lumne. He can find out by the returns of the
census asent that, from the partial returns received,
there was a fraction over eight thousand in that
county: but in the leturns which he f-ent to the
Secietai y of Sn.te of California, that county, with
two otheis, is entirely omitted, and therefore it is
utterly impossible for any Senator to tell me now
what the population of Tuolumne count}' is.
Mr. D VWSON. In the table putting the pop-
ulation of California at ninety-two thousand five
hundred and ninety-se\en, Tuolumne county is
put down, in part, at eight thousand ^ve hundred
and thirty-one.
j Mr. WELLER. That is only a partial return,
i Mr. DAWSON. Eight thousand is said to be
1 a partial return. That is the only point upon
j which any doubt can be raised; and the Senator^
!! calls upon me now to show its population. How
!! can we ascertain what the population of that
jcounfyis? Part of the returns were burnt up in
I the conflagration at San Francisco,
i Mr. WELLER. I do not say that the returns
! of Tuolumne county were burnt up.
! Mr. DAWSON". But part of the returns were,
j The census agent, in his report to the Secretary of
j State, says that several counties are returned in
; the aggregate.
, Mi. WELLER. But this is not one of them.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 cannot tell that. He says
I this:
j u A Jotter of lecerit date, from the deputy to whom was
1 assigned the district embracing tlie first two named coun-
ties ^informs inn that he has completed his labors there ;
but furnishes no lnfoimation a> to the number of inhabit-
: ants there. I have made repeated effoitc—thui far inet-
; fectua'—to have the census taken in the county of Tuo-
! Jumix'. 1 have as yet received no information irom the
i deputy appointed there. In some instances, as you
i will ob-et ve. the returns are given in round numbers.. In
■ t*ueh cases those figures are predicated upon the informa-
' tion lurnifihed by the respective deputies, which will be
I found a near approximation to the 1 returns.' "
At the conclusion of his report, he says:
i With the foregoing explanation, T hope the returns
, herewith submitted m the exhibit A, will render satisfac-
1 tory the duty imposed upon me."
He then gives one hundred and seventeen thou-
sand three hundred and eighteen as the aggregate
• population of the State of California. 1 have
l looked in vain to find anywhere, from any official
\ account, an increase of that population. I have
; tried to ascertain if this officer at any time made
1 any ieturn, directly or indirectly, to any officer of
i an aggregate population greater than that. That
! county is returned in part as having a population
! of something over eight thousand. Will any
Senator rise on this floor and say that eight thou-
( sand was not more than half the population of
i that county?
Mr. WELLER. I will answer the gentleman
cheerfully. I do not know what the population
of that county was in 1850, nor do I know what
it was at the time the census agent was engaged
, m taking the census of it. I believe that Califor-
i nia was admitted into the Union on the 9th of
September, 1850, and S'.o I take it for granted that
,! it was in 1851 that the census agent was engaged
■ in taking the census of California. I have not the
;! least doubt in the world that eight thousand does
1 not comprise more than one half of the population
■ then m the county of Tuolumne. It is one of the
largest counties m the-State.
Mr. DAWSON. That is what I wanted to
asceitain; and as it is the only county not fully
accounted foi, I am willing to allow even twenty
thousand for it, and then it would not bring it up
' to the fraction of the State of Louisiana. That is
, the only point upon which there can be a doubt
' created. Act with the most unlimited liberality
1 towards the State of California, and you cannot
( give to that State a larger fraction than that which
! the State of Louisiana has. I look upon this mat-
| ter as a principle. I am voting upon it under an
obligation, and I have looked to it with interest,
to satisfy myself that I was right, and to do jus-
: tice to the respective States. I can find nothing to
' satisfy me that California ought to have an ad-
i ditional member. I have listened to the debate,
1 and I have reviewed, since yesterday, thepositions
; which I then presented, and I have come again to
I the same conclusion.
| Mr. CHASE. I do not rise to detain the Sen-
; ate, but I wish to ask whether the amendment is
divisible. If so, I should like the question to be
■ first taken on the first branch of it, relating to the
; assij> anient of two members to California.
The PPc EST DENT. The amendment is not
■ divisible, but the Senator can move to amend the
amendment, by striking out any portion of it.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to a fact
, in regard to our legislation on this subject. I do
1 not know to what extent it may go in its influence
! upon the decision of this question; but I desire to
| call the attention of Senators to the fact, that when
; the census act of 1850 passed, on the 23d of May
' of that year, making provision, as the Constitu-
! tion required, for taking the census of the United
I States, and requiring that an enumeration should.
