185 L
the congressional globe.
ml
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, the
joint resolution of welcome to Louis Kossuth;
which was presented to the Speaker, and received
his signature.
REFUNDING OF MONEYS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, on leave, in-
troduced the following bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to authorize and direct the
payment of certain moneys into the treasury of
the State of California, which was collected in the
ports of said State as excise upon imports since
the ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
previous to the admission of California into the
Union. _ y
The bill having been read a first and se^nd
time by its title,
Mr. MARSHALL moved its referonreto the
Committee on Military Affairs; and it was so
referred. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the j
reference to that committee. j
The SPEiClCER. The objection comes too |
late. i
Mr. JONES. I move a reconsideiation of the j
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com- I
mittee on Military Affairs. 1
The question was put, and the motion was
^agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I now move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MARSHALL. The reference that I
moved, of this bill to the Committee on Military
• Affairs, was a very appropriate one under all the
circumstances. Tfhe moneys which that bill pro-
vides *to be refunded to the State, or rather to the
treasury of California, were collected under a
military administration, and are now in some
part of the military department in this city.
"The matter is one "that comes properly under
the cognizance of the committee to which I have
moved its reference. There are other reasons,
-sir, which I had intended some time or other in
the course of this session to state—but perhaps it
would be as well to state them now—why I pre-
fer the Committee on Militaiy Affairs to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. At the head, and
the one next to the head of the latter committee,
*ire gentlemen very distinguished for their econo-
my—for an economy that induces them to nega-
tive everything which looks like an appropriation.
I desire to refer my bill first to the Committee on
Military Affairs—an appropriate and proper com-
mittee. I want it to escape, if possible,altogether
the hands of the Committee of W ays and Means.
These are the motives. Everybody understands
them. If the bill ever falls into the hands of that
committee, it is buried. I know that now. I there-
fore propose that the bill be referred as indicated
and ! rely upon the generosity of the House to
sustain this reference, that it may, at least, have
■a fair chance—that at least it will not be prejudged
before it \h even presented.
Mr. JONES. I think the gentlemanfiom Cali-
fornia has certainly not made up his opinion of
the Committee of "Ways and Means from any
knowledge that he has. I ask that gentleman if 1
he ever heard of a bill referred to the Committee i
of Ways and Means, as now constituted, or as j
constituted at the last session of Congress, which ;
was buried, or was permitted to sleep in tliat com- j
mittee? I ask him, sir, if this is not a prejudgment |
and warning without knowledge upon his part ? If;
the gentleman's bill is right, he has nothing to !
fear from me, or from the committee. If the gen- j
tleman will go back and look at the records of this j
House, and see when the Congress of the United i
States refused to give to his new State a territorial [
government after its organization in 1848—refused :
to give it the protection and benefit of our laws \
*md government—and a proposition was brought [
here, sir, to send the tax-collector among that i
people, and levy taxes upon them, and make them !
pay tribute to a Government which denied them !
its protection and laws, he will find one individual ;
—the one who now addresses you, sir, and who i
is a member of the Committee of Ways and j
Means—who voted against sending the tax-col- !
lector to his people without first giving them the
benefit ofthelaws and government under which we
claime dthat that people belonged to. Now, sir, I
say again, that if his bill is right, I do not pre-
judge it. If it is right—if this money was collect-
ed before they had the benefit of our laws—they
should have the benefit of the money. The
Committee of Ways and Means is the appropri-
ate committee, in my opinion, for it, and not the
Committee on Military Aifairs. I hone, sir, that
the House will do with it what they may think, in
their judgment, is right. I would merely ask for
the reading of the rule defining what sort of juris-
diction the Committee on Military Affairs shall
have, and what the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. The very extraordinary
course taken by the gentleman from California,
and the unfounded and extraordinary remarks he
has made with reference to myself, require that I
should say a word upon the subject, i do not in-
tend to give to it at present but a moment's con-
sideration. The gentleman from California is, no
doubt, well informed upon the matters coming
before him, and under his peculiar management
and jurisdiction. I do not pretend to deny to him
transcendent abilities, peculiar knowledge, and a
mind calculated to grapple with all subjects. And
while he has, no doubt, ins proper share of liber-
ality, would it not have been well for him to have
informed himself more correctly before he ad-
vanced any objection to the Committee of Ways
and Means, or any of its members, and before he
thus wantonly assailed, without, I apprehend, the
least foundation m fact, the chairman and other
members of that committee ? I undertake to say
that his declarations, as far as I am concerned,
are gratuitous and unjust. From what, sir, does
he judge of my courSe upon that subject? Does
he know that i have prejudged his bill? And has
he any reason for saying that I have such opinions
of economy tliat I am unwilling to vote appro-
priations for anything, or give countenance to
any proposition, that will draw money from the
Treasury, however just the demand upon that
Treasury? Sir, I was not in the last Congress.
I presume the gentleman has not consulted my
votes while I had the honor, formerly, of a seat
here ; arid if he has, then he is more in fault, be-
cause my votes show, through the whole course
of my legislative career here, that 1 voted for j
most of the propositions for appropriations that j
were deemed by the majority of the Committee !
of Ways and Means as necessary and right to
the proper administration of the Government.
Has he consulted the Journals thereof ? I had the
honor of being a member of the Committee of
Ways and Aleans for several years, during the
time I was a member of this j louse ; and although
I have been regarded as strict in my opinions of
economy, 1 have never yet found any one who
has been willing to hazard the expression, (for it
is a hazard,) that I would prejudge a, proposition
of this character, or any other.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman fiom California
probably did not weigh the import of the lan-
guage he used. He ought to .know, if he does
not, that we are here acting under the same solemn
injunctions that are resting upon him. We have
our duties to discharge to the country, and it
ought to be presumed, at least, that we are as
willing to discharge these duties as the gentleman.
himself; and if he had exercised that charity
which he would wish others to exercise towards
him, he would never have commuted the blunder (i
of making the unfounded and gratuitous attack ;
upon the Committee of Ways and Means that ;
he h^s made. Mr. Speaker, i am satisfied that,
the appropriate committee for the investigation of,
the bill presented by the gentleman from C-alifor- '■
nia, is the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have no desire, as one of the members of that |
committee, to have charge of the bill. If the bill !
should be committed to the Commit tee of Ways and ,•
Means, so far as my action js concerned, as one of
that committee, I will give it the same careful and
candid investigation which I intend to give to all :
other propositions that may come before that com- ■
mittee. 1 would examine into its merits, and if I _
supposed it had merits sufficient to entitle it to the
favorable consideration of the committee and the !*
House, I would give it my sanction; otherwise, I ■
would not. And upon the subject of appropriation, ;
allow me to say here, for myself, as "defining the -
position I occupy, and the course I mean to pursue
upon that subject—that I intend, as far as my :
action goes as a member of that committee anil <;
this House, to give to the Administration in power
fair and liberal appropriations to carry on this"
Government Beyond that -I do 'not intend 'to
go. _ ■ '
I do not prejudge the estimates from the. De-
partments. I do not pretend to say wfaetfyer they
i are large, or whether they are small. When they
come properly before me I will judge of them;
but, as a general rule for my conduct as a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and a mem-
ber of this House, I intend, as I'before said, to give
I th® Administration in power fair and liberal appro-,
j priations to carry on the Government. I intend to
I pass, according to the best judgment I have, upon
j all bills that it may be thepleasureof the House'to
submit to that committee. It may, and I have no
i doubt will be the case, that I shall be found against
; some of the bills that will come before the "com-
j mittee. That _is the case with members upon all -
I committees. Every member must, at times, meet
; withdisappointmentinnotgettinghisbills through
| the committees and the House, ft is natural. We
i do not all view the merits of a bill alike. Wa
differ in opinion upon the subjects involved* and
1 it is natural that it should be so. While I have said
i thus much, and while I have declared liere in my
place that 1 will give my support to appropriations
which I consider fair and liberal for the Govern-
{ ment, I will not be found amongst those -who'are
: disposed—and I hope there may be none in this *
j Congress—to waste and^squanderthepublic money,
j I regret exceedingly the remarks of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Marshall,] which made it
I necessary for me to say a word. They were so
t unjust, and so unfounded in fact, it was due to .
myself that 1 should say what I have said.
I Mr. HIBBARD obtained the floor; but gave
I way to
j Mr. MARSHALL, of California, who said:<J
! am surprised, Mr. Speaker, at the storm that
: seems to be raised around me for a few sugges-
: tions I felt myself obliged to throw out. 1 con-
l ceived that the Committee of Ways and Means
| would have felt itself preeminently nattered at what
< I said. I found their character, for economy,pre-
j vailing so universally here, that I thought it was a
' thing at which they had aimed all their political
, life. I meant it as a compliment, though it did
i not suit me exactly: and I thought when the charge
| made by me against them found its way into tile
i papers, and went to their constituents, that their
i political fortunes would be made forever. [Laugh-
; ter.] Well, I did not mean to prefer against them
i any very grave charge. I did not mean anything
, that ought to occasion feelings of resentment, when
, I said that this bill, and all bills of this character,
; would be prejudged in that committee. I have no
, doubt these gentlemen will, in the spirit of a Cal-
■ lfornia committee, give this bill a fair hearing, us
; they say—just as our committees do give a fellow
a fdir trial, and then hang him. [Laughter.] He
; will have an admirably fair trial: but this is a bill
I in which I take an interest. It is a just and fair
i bill. It provides for the refunding of a sum of
| money to which California is entitled, if ally eoun-
I try upon earth had a right to any money. Re-
I funding is a proverbially difficult operation in the
I Congress of the United States. It is a matter of
; peculiar difficulty to get money paid back after it
has once passed into the coifers of the United
States, as this has done. I say, therefore, the bill
labors under peculiar difficulties, and I havo be<m
obliged to say all this, and do all I have done. T
felt I was obliged to do it in justice, to my con-
stituents, because 1 knew, if in addition to the dif-
ficulties that beset it naturullyand necessarily, it is
referred to the aforesaid Committee of Ways and
Means, that it was a gone bill. I know that; and t
therefore do urge the reference of this hill to that
committee which is equally as appropriate as the
Committee of Waysand Means. Such reference is
not without example—without precedents in the
history of this very body. Mr. Clay made his cel-
ebrated report upon the public lands from the
Committee on Manufactures, to which it was re-
ferred. Everybody recollects that. I say there is
nothing inappropriate—no violation of rules in the
reference which I wish to make to the Military
Committee, as it is the only one which will have
the collateral information necessary to a fair in-
vestigation, and a correct report, t do therefor®
urge its reference to the Military Committee, ana
not to the other. The object of the bill might
have been gathered from its title. It is tin's: It is
to repay to the State of California tfce money
which was collected under the mifitaryWtfupai*0**
