1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
properly only take up such subjects as are re-
ferred to it? And when he concedes there has not
been a petition before the committee asking for
anything of the kind, with what propriety he can
make the objection?
Mr. MEADE. The same idea was forcibly
stated by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, to which I have made allusion, and there-
fore I say it was unnecessary for the gentleman
from Michigan to have reiterated it.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the gentleman
another question. I want him to tell this com-
mittee whether he will vole for this bill should his
amendment be incorporated in it?
Mr. MEADE. That question was also un-
necessary, and I should characterize it by a
stronger term but for the respect which I have for
the gentleman from Michigan, I have said, in the
course of my argument, that no bribe this commit-
tee could offer would induce me to depart from
the principles in which I religiously believe, and
which were taught me from my cradle by my
father. Did he admit the supposition in his
mind at the time he asked me such a question—
that my vote would be controlled by such an ap-
propriation ? I have repeatedly said, Mr. Chair-
man* in the course of my argument, and I had
hoped that every member of this committee had
heard it, that while justice and equity required a
fair appropriation to be made to the exigencies of
my State, should such a bill pass, yet the delega-
tion from Virginia, entertaining1 ray views, would
vote against the bill. But while we, under the
control of our conscientious convictions, would
vote against this bill, it was nevertheless the duty
of every fair man in this committee to make the
appropriation. I contend that the favors granted
by Congress to any State of this Union should not
depend upon the particular principles entertained by
her in reference to constitutional power, I repeat
again, sir, that the Committee on Commerce, to
which was referred these various petitions, should
have taken the whole subject under their consid-
eration; and while I do not mean to bring charges
against that committee or its worthy chairman,
having the utmost confidence in it and its pur-
poses, yet I would regard it as an omission of
duty, which probably the press of business had
occasioned. 1 repeat again, that the bill of last
Congress was before that committee, for the bills
of previous Congresses are usually taken by com-
mittees as a guide for their actton, and in that bill
their attention was drawn to an appropriation
made for this very case.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I wish to say, that any question
I have propounded was with the utmost respect
for both the gentleman and his opinions, and sim-
ply for the purpose of bringing to his attention,
Because I know the gentleman's fairness upon all
occasions, the character of the argument which he
urges; and to submit—and I do that also with
great respect—that any gentleman who denies the
power of Congress to make these appropriations,
cannot fairly object to any bill upon the ground
that it does not appropriate for the benefit of his
State. The only legitimate argument for him is,
that he is opposed to the whole, and that he goes
against the whole.
Mr. MEADE. Yon had as well contend, that
in the bill which distributed the surplus revenue
some years asm, the State of Virginia should have
been left out because she believed the distribution
to he wrong. If you adopt a particular policy,
though it m*y be in opposition to the views of a
particular State, that policy should apply equally
to it as to the other States; but he must have a
very perverse opinion of things who would sup-
pose that in adopting a general policy for this
Government, it should only be applicable to those
who favor it. There are not, 1 trust, ten men in
the committee who entertain the opinions of the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman misappre-
hended me. I do not say such a bill should not
be framed. 1 say, on the other hand, distinctly
that it should be framed. I would make improve-
ments in every State without reference to the opin-
ions of its delegates upon the subject. But what I
say is, that it is within the legitimate range of ar-
gument that a gentleman having constitutional
scruples to these bills at all times, cannot object
to them upon the ground that they did not favor
his State.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman has not changed
his position. If the State of Virginia were to vote
in the Congress of the United States against the
declaration of a war which she believed to be un-
just, would the gentleman exonerate the State of
Virginia from furnishing her quota of men and
money to prosecute that war? Certainly not.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the ground upon which
! place, apart from the constitutional question,
my opposition to the appropriation of money for
local improvements is, that the country to be bene-
fited by these improvements is the country which
should pay for them. And if a county of Ohio,
or of New York, were to apply to the Legislature
of either of those States for an appropriation for
any local work, it would be unjust to tax the peo-
ple of a remote county for that improvement,
simply because it would benefit that particular
locality, and thus contribute to the aggregate
wealth of the country. Why, sir, if I owned an
estate upon which there was an immense water
power, could I require my neighbor to come and
build my mill, because it added to the general
wealth of the country? No, sir; the utmost I
could require of him would be to indorse my note,
and enable me to raise funds to erect that improve-
ment. And so with regard to any county in any
State of this Union. When it makes application
for an internal improvement, it is granted upon
the principle that the work will yield annually a
profit equal at least to the interest on the money
expended. If it does not, then the capital has
been lost.
There are various considerations which enter
into the mind of a Legislature of a State when it
grants money for internal improvements besides
the local benefit that may accrue. If the property
is improved in value, why that property is more
highly taxed, and thus a return, to some extent,
is made into the Treasury, which contributes to
the payment of the interest upon the money bor-
rowed and expended. 1 will admit that many
things should be taken into consideration in appro-
priating for internal improvements besides the
profits arising from the work. It may be valua-
ble in other respects, but as a general rule, unless
it promises to yield profits in some shape or other
equal to the interest of the outlay, the work should
not be made. If $100,000 is expended by the
community on a work which returns but half the
interest, $50,000 is utterly lost. Nobody will
deny a proposition so plain.
Those whose property is benefited, and whose
income is increased by the improvement, should,
in some way or other, be the bearers of the ex-
pense of its construction. All that a particular
locality can require of the rest of the community,
is to come to its assistance, and enable it by the
general credit to borrow the money necessary for
the work. This is the principle upon which every
internal improvement should be based, and no
other; those who receive the profit should bear
the burden.
Mr. WALSH. Who should make the improve-
ment in Vnginia rivers ?
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman had listened
to my argument, the question would not have
been asked. I contend that every State should
make its own improvements, and that Congress
should not undertake to make internal improve-
ments for the States.
Mr. WALSH. You have said that there was
a general commerce upon the James river. If
Virginia does not choose to make the improvement,
is the general commerce of the country to suffer
on that account? Is that the argument?
Mr. MEADE. That is not the argumentatall.
Mr. WALSH. 1 only desire to understand
the gentleman.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman has put a ques-
tion to me, which would draw me out upon the
constitutional question, which I do not wish to
argue. It is a foregone conclusion of the major-
ity of the House, that this bill should pass, and I
do not wish to waste my breath upon the consti-
tutional question. I am only speaking of the ex-
pediency of making internal improvements with
a view of inducing this committee, if possible, to
confine their appropriations to those works alone
where we have some assurance that the amount
expended upon them will be returned in some way
or other, by way of profits to the community, and
not lavish the money of the country prodigally,
and throw it away where no benefit will be derived,
or if a benefit, not commensurate with the amount
of the outlay. These are the considerations which
I wish to press upon tlje minds of the committee,
as they have already decided the constitutional
question, as I infer from the various preliminary
votes taken here. If I cannot effect one thing, I
will try and effect another. If I cannot induce
Congress to withhold unconstitutional appropria-
tions, my next object is to induce it to confine
> these appropriations only upon such works as are
known to be essential and impot tant; and further-
more, I wish to induce Congress to exercise that
power as a father would over his family, and not
to make advancement to one child and forget the
claimsof another,or as a court of equity which will
not neglect an absent distributee, but bring all the
interested parties before the court. The State of
Virginia is not a party to the bill. I ask this com-
mittee now to issue its summons and bring Vir-
ginia before the House, and let her rights be pro-
tected.
[Mr. FULLER, of Maine, here made an in-
quiry which was entirely inaudible to the Reporter,
but it was in reference to the necessity of remov-
ing Harrison's bar.]
Mr. MEADE. I am not in the habit of assert-
ing as a fact what 1 do not know and cannot prove
to be a fact. I can only give to this committee
my belief upon this subject. It is my sincere and
honest belief that the interests of the commerce
of the country as much demands the removal of
Harrison's bar, as it does the construction of
any of those works for which appropriations
are made in this bill, with the exception, proba-
bly, of the Mississippi and the Red river. 1 find
appropriations for the Hudson river, for the ben-
efit of a State which has expended $40,000,000 in
internal improvements—a State which has con-
structed her canal from the Hudson to Lake Erie,
at an expense of $15,000,000. The appropriation
made to the Hudson is but a mite compared to
the immense amounts vvinch that State is expend-
ing every year in internal improvements. This is
small game for the State of New York, when
contrasted with the immense amount appropriated
for the enlargement of the Erie canal. At Harri-
son's bar, vessels which do not draw more than
fourteen or fifteen feet water, come to a dead halt
until lighters from the city of Petersburg and
Richmond come to their relief.
The committee can now truly estimate the im-
portance which the removal of this bar is to the
commerce of the James river. Gentlemen may
ask me, if it is so important, why Virginia does
not remove the bar by appropriation from her
own means? Virginia, at this time, is engaged
in immense works of internal improvement, and
there is not so great and pressing a necessity for
the removal of this bar as exists for constructing
the great lines of communication to the West, to
which Virginia is now devoting her energies.
Our citizens are taxed as heavily at this time
as they can with convenience bear, for the pur-
pose of shaking hands with their brethren of the
great West. We expect at no distant day, per-
haps not more than three years, to stretch our
arms from James river to the Mississippi, and to
invite to our ports a part of the trade of that great
and magnificent valley. The committee will see
at once why the State of Virginia prefers to ap-
propriate ail its means at this time to the import-
ant improvements of which I have spoken. Per-
sons engaged in shipping in the cities of New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Boston, and other
sections of the country, are directly interested in
having this obstruction in James river removed,
so that their vessels can have free navigation to
our cities. City Point, which is at the confluence
of James and Appomattox rivers, is but ten
miles from the city of Petersburg, with which it
is connected byarailroad. From the city of Rich-
mond it is forty-five miles distant. That point is
the entrepot, as it were, for both places.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have not
taken the floor for the purpose of making an
hour's speech.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to suggest to my fm^nd
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that he will
allow me to make a motion that the committee
rise, so that I may offer a resolution in the House,
closing debate upon this bill at twelve o'clock to-
morrow. We can agree to have a recess from five
to seven o'clock this evening, and go on and dis-
cuss this bill.
