102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
of that country, at a time -when she had no-benefit
from the laws of the United States, and at a time
when she had no representative in any legislative
body, thus involving the very principle of the rev-
olutionary war—taxation without representation.
It is perfectly just that the refunding should be
made, and it is money, moreover, our young State
wants. I hope the House will consider tfie ne-
cessity of the Military Committee having this bill,
because it yas under military occupation that the
funds were collected; that military officers were
the agents by which it was collected; and that that
committee will alone be in possession of the in-
formation that is necessary to the proper under-
standing of the bill.
I have not the time nor the disposition to hunt
up the Journals of this House, though I have
looked at them some time ago, to establish and to
prove the reputation which I charged upon those
gentlemen—whether it is a creditable one to them or
.not—but I do not believe that the Journals of this
House will show any one single, solitary instance
of an appropriation out of the ordinary appropria-
tions necessary to sustain the Government, and
perfectly in the routine of their duty, having been
supported by either of those gentlemen. I think
not. I may be mistaken; but I do not know of
any. Their reputation is general, as I have stated
it. It has come to me everywhere. Whisperings
have been made by members from bench to bench
all around the Hall, that Jones and Houston are
celebrated for that quality.
Several Members. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. MARSHALL. Now, I do not mean to
charge it as a bad quality. Economy is admirable
in its place. I do not state it as a crime. I do
]*epe tne bill will be referred to the other commit-
tee, and taken away from that. I have felt obliged
to say this much thus earlyin the session. I may
possibly have to suggest the same thing in other
cases. I rely upon the generosity of the House to
give the bill at least a chance.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have but a word to say,
and it is not with a view to vindicate myself, or
any other member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, from the remarks made by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Marshall.] 1 took
no offence at them; I take none; but perhaps they
were superfluous. If I have any objection at all
to what the gentleman has said, it is that he did
not do me the high compliment of including me,
though an humble member of that committee, in
his remarks. The gentleman says he deems the
bill is prejudged—that it is sure to be defeated if it
goes before the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have no such opinion to express; but his iirm
conviction of the future fate of this bill has seemed
to me to indicate in his own opinion that there is
or may be something " rotten in Denmark." My
mind is not in this wny made up. As a member
of the committee, of course my mind is open, as I
suppose is that of the other gentlemen, to a fair
consideration of that bill upon its merits. Nor
have we, so far as I know, any wish that the
House would impose duties upon us that do not
belong to us. Nor have I any objection, if this
House choose, with a full and fair understanding
of the matter, to take from them this duty, or any
other of the onerous duties which devolve upon
the Committee of Ways and Means; but I wish
to object to this understanding, because a, prece-
dent may be set in this matter. I suppose this bill
ought to, and I wish it to, he referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, because I think it is
clear, beyond all doubt, that if. belongs to that
committee. a What is it, sir? Thegentleman states
it to be a bill respecting a part of the revenue of
the Government—a part of the money that is now
the revenue of the Government. It proposes to
take from the Treasury of the United States a
certain sum—several hundred thousand dollars—
and refund it to the State of California. It was
money collected as revenue, if I understand the
bill aright, m California before it was a State, or-
ganized in its present form. This is a bill touch-
ing the revenue—touching the means of the Gov-
ernment to that extent. It is a matter that clearly
and plainly belongs to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and to none other. The House have
poverto send it elsewhere. They can do it if they
pieate; but if this precedent—this example—is to
be set,let it be done with a fair understanding of
the question.
I propose only to read the first clause of the
at no
78th .rule, defining the duties of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the 91st rule, defining the
duties of the Committee on Military Affairs. The
first clause of the 78th rule provides, "that it shall
4 be the duty of the Committeeof Ways and Means
4 to take into consideration all such reports of the
'Treasury Department, and all such propositions
' relative to the revenue, as may be referred to them
'by the House; to inquire into the state of the
s public debt or the reven ue, and of the expenditure-
' and to report, from time to time,their opinion there-
4 on; to examine into the state of the several public
' departments, and particularly into the laws-making
'appropriations of money, and to report whether
4 the moneys have been disbursed conformably with
4 such laws; and also to report,from time to time,
4 such provisions and arrangements as may be
* necessary to add to the economy of the depart-
s ments, and the accountability of their officers."
The 91st rule provides " that it shall be the duty
4 of the Committee on Military Affairs to take into
4 consideration all subjects relating to the military
' establishment and public defence which may be
' referred to them by the House, and to report their !
'opinion thereupon; and also to report, from time :
' to time, such measure* as may coniri' ute to econ-
4omy and accountability in the said establish-
' merit."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I call for the reading of the 133d
rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"133—AH proceedings touching appropriations of money
shall be firsts dt&cussed in a Otnnnuttec of the Whole
House."
Mr. S. The question of order I raise is, that
this debate is altogether out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question was
upon the propriety of the reference of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I raise the point tha
debate is now in order.
Mr. URIGGS. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Briggs] moves the previous question.
The previous question, if sustained, will bring the
House to a vote first on the proposition to refer
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
if that does not prevail, then upon its reference to
the Committeeof Ways and Means.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HIBBARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the question; which were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned.
' NOTICES Ol1' BILLS.
By Mr. FREEMAN : A bill granting to the State of Mis-
! gi*Mppi the right of way and a donation of public land foi
| the purpose of locating and cons-tnicting a i ail road from
i Btandon to the eastern bolder ol said State, in tlie direction
I of Montgomery, Alabama.
j Also, a bill granting lands to the State of Mississippi for
I the purpose of imptoving the navigation of the Pearl, Big
! Black, and Yazoo rivers, in said Statu of Mississippi,
j By Mi. TUCK: A bill to j  ovule foi the ascertainment
1 and satisfaction of the claims of American citizens for spo-
i liations committed by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, A. D. 1*01,
By Mr. EASTMAN: A bill granting; the right of way and
, making a donation of land in aid of the constiuctton of a
1 railroad in tlic State of Wisconsin, from thy northern line
1 of the State of Illinois to Lake Superior.
! Also, a bill granting certain lands in the State of Wiscon-
| sin, in aid of the construction ot a plank road from the Wis-
; ennsm river to Uie mouth of Willow nvei on L^ke St.
j Croix.
! Also, a bill granting certain lands m the State of Wiscon-
! sin for the purpose of improving the navigation of Black
1 river.
• By Mr. DOTV : A bill to establish the collection district
j of Wisconsin, and declaring Green Bay a port of entij.
i Also, a lull to provide for tlic protection of commeiee on
1 Lake Michigan, within ihc State of Wisconsin.
' Also, a bill to establish an Agncultuial Bureau in the
j Depaitinent ot the Inteiior.
, By Mr. I1ENN: A bill to continue half pay to certain
widows, and orphans.
I Also, a bill to relinquish to the State of Iowa the land
j resei ved foi salt spiings therein.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions &c., weie presented under the
rule, and referred to the appiopriate committees :
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Seneca W. Ely,
present receiver of public moneys at Chilicothe, Ohio; John
Hough, late receiver at the same place; Anthony Walke,
present register of the land office, and Thomas J. Winship,
late register at Chilicothe, praying Congress to allow the
same compensation to land officeis for then services in case
of each land warrant already located, or hereafter to bo
located, as is at present allowed for a cash sale of the same
quantity of land.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial ofC. C. Sadler &
Co., Scull & Thompson, and other merchants of Philadel-
phia, asking-for appropriations for erecting piera and con-
structing harbors m the liver Delaware.
By Mr. SIBLEY: Papers relating to the claim of Joseph
Mozeau, praying to be refunded certain moneys improperly
paid out. by the commissioners of the United States under
the Sxoux treaty of 1837.
Also, the petition of John Davis for a pension and for the
allowance of bounty land.
Al-so, a memorial to Congress in favor of a preemption
right to James K. Paul, on the Ontonagon river of Lake
Superior.
Also, the petition of the people of Minnesota Territory
for an appropriation to continue the construction of certain
roads therein, and al^o for an appropriation to complete the
capital buildings therein.
.By Mr. HENN : The petition of A. D. Jones and 38 oth-
ei'a^ citizens of Madison county, Iowa, asking lor the es-
tahikhment of a mail route from Oskaloosa, via Knoxville,
Indiana*and St. Cliailes, to Winter&et.
By Mr CABELL, of Florida: The memorials of Cap-
tain William Blake's company-of Flonda volunteers;
Captain Phillips's company of Florida volunteers; Cap-
tain John Cr. Smith's company of Florida volunteers;
Captain Joseph Hale's company of Flouda volunteers;
Captain Geoige E. MeClellan's company of Florida volun-
teer^ and Captains Bush's, Price's, and Sawaner^ com-
panies of Florida volunteers.
Also, the memorial of the Jacksonville and Alligator
Plank Road Company.
Also, the memorial of the Florida and Georgia Railroad
Company. ' ,
Also, the memorials of Augustus Steele, Alexander Wat-
son, Jeremiah Wingate, Bulon's lieirs, Giles U. Ellis, and
Samuel Clmko.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of William B. Bing-
ley and wife, asking compensation tor lands sold to the
United States as a site for the dry dock at Gosport.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Haniet .Saunders, administra-
trix of Captain Will am Davis, praying compensation for
the services, and reimbursement of tiio expenditures, of &aitl
Davis, whiLt m command of the United States transport
schooner Eufala.
Also, the petition of James Lewis, asking compensation
for attendance as a witness on the district court of the
United States.
Also, the petition of Major C. IT. Fitzgerald, United States
Army, praying to be relieved from liability on account of
the lo=s of &2,0n0 of the public funds.
By Mr. BISSELL: The petition of Silas Noble and oth-
ers, piesent and late officers of the land officc at Dixon,
Illinois, piaying for compensation for locating military land
warrants.
By Mr. THOMAS M. IIOWE: The petition of C. A.
Passavant and others, for the alteration of certain mail routes
so as to conform to the route ot'a pkuik road now m process
of construction between the city of Pittsburg and the town
of Franklin, in Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of Thomas H. Bmrd, of Pennsylvania,
for balance alleged to be due to Dr. Absalom Baird, for
commutation of half pay, &c.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of George Elliott, for-
mer!) of Kentucky, now of Franklin county, Missoarf,
a soldier of the war of 1812, who was wounded and disabled
while m the discharge of his duty at the battle of Fort
Meigs on the 5th of May, 1813—asking Gongiessforaire&rs
of pension.
Al.-o, a petition for the relief of Elizabeth Prewitt, widow
of Robert Piewitt, deceased, of Lincoln county, Missouri,
m legatd to services icndercd by her deceased husband
under a eeitam mail contract.
Also, the petition of Samuel Gladney, of Lincoln county,
Missouri, asking Congress to lelease "to liim auj tale the
United States may have' in a certain tract of land, in said
county.
Also, the petition of James W. Campbell, for relief in
regard to the supposed entry of certain lands at the United
State;: lond office at Palmyra, Missouri, some yearssmee ;
vvlneh lands he had lost by tlie failure of duty of the
register of paid land office.
Also, the memorial of the General Assembly of Missouri,
asking Congress to make a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad through noithern Missouri, from the
city of St. Charles to the noithern boundary of said State.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Thomas L. Franks,
and the administrator of Louis Giignon. for compensation
for supplies furnished the troops of the United States.
Also, the petition of the register and receiver of the land
office at IV illow nvei, for compensation for extra services
for land wan ant entries.
By Mi. FULLER, of Maine, tlic petition of William
Wetherlee and others, citizens of Castme, Maine, mer-
chants and ship owners, praying foi the crection of a
monument on Steel's Ledge, so called, in Penobscot Bay.
By Mr. DIMMIC1C : The petition of ThomasSletor and
ISO other peisons of Noitbampton county,Pennsylvania,
piaying for a modification of the bounty land law of Sep-
tember *23th, 1850, <«o as to increase the allowance of land
gianted to the persons mentioned in said law, and make it
equal to that gi anted to the soldiers in the war with Mexico.
Also, the petition of divers officers and soldiers of the
war of It? 12. praying for a like modification of the act of 28th
September 1850, and an increased allowance of land to he
granted to the persons mentioned in said law, equal to that
granted to the soldiers m the war with Mexico.
B> Mr. MURRAY : The petition of the assistant mar-
shals of Sullivan comity, New York, praying for addi-
tional compensation for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE : The petition of Robert Allen
and others, citizens of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to establish a post road from the city of Pittsburg,
via Alleghany city, Perrysville, Wexford, ZehenopJe,
Hannony, Wlhtestown, Prospect, Centieviile, Hanisvdle,
and Wesley, to Franklin, Venango county.
On motion by Mr. KING, of New York, the petition and
