1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
Representatives from two hundred and thirty-three
to two hundred and thirty-four?
Mr. BADGER. No, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the intention is not
to make that change, then the bill ought to be
amended. As I understand it, the bill now ex-
presses this, that the act of 1850 shall be so amend-
ed as to increase the number of the House of
Representatives from two hundred and thirty-three
to two hundred and thirty-four, and that Califor-
nia shall be entitled to two members until the next
apportionment.
Mr. BADGER. The number is increased to
two hundred and thirty-four until the next cen-
sus.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senate will be
kind enough to hear me read the section as it has
been adopted, I shall not detain them long. I only
desire to carry out what is said to be the intention
of gentlemen. The amendment which we have
adopted reads:
" Jlndbe it further enacted, That the State of California
shall be entitled to the number of Representatives to Con-
gress, pi escribed by the act admitting said State into the
Union; and that lor tills purpose tile act of May '23, 1850,
providing lor tiie appoitiomnent nf Representatives among
the several States be so amended, that the whole number
shall be two hundred and thirty foul instead of two hundred
and thirty three, until the next apportionment under a new
census."
Now, is it amended, in regard to the whole
number until the apportionment under a new cen-
sus, or is it amended until an apportionment under
a rjew census, so that California shall have two
members until that time? If you intend to carry
out what gentlemen say is their object, it seems to
me you ought to say that after an apportionment
under a new census, the number shall return to
two hundred and thirty-three.
Mr. BADGER. It returns of course under the
act of 1850.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is no declaration
of that kind.
Mr. BADGER. There is no need of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to offer
any amendment. Gentlemen say it means that
gentlemen mean to give California two Represent-
atives until the next apportionment.
Mr. BADGER. The amendment does not say
two Representatives.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It says the number
which she had before, and she has two. It
changes the law of 1850 so as to make the num-
ber two hundred and thirty-four. It does not,
according to a fair construction, in my opinion,
provide for a return to the number two hundred
and thirty-three after that time. I may be wrong,
however. I intended to throw out the suggestion
for the consideration of gentlemen; but as they
think it very clear, I shall make no proposition to
amend.
Mr. COOPER. I am very well satisfied that
we shall not get through this subject to-day, and,
therefore, I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. DOWNS. I now renew the amendment
which I offered in Committee of the Whole, to
increase the number of Representatives from two
hundred and thirty-four to two hundred and thirty-
five, and to give Louisiana five members; and I
ask the yeas and nays upon it.
The PRESIDENT. It is now too late to amend
the amendment, as it has just been agreed to in the
Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. I thought that when we got
into the Senate the bill could be amended.
The PRESIDENT. The bill can be amended.
Mr. DOWNS. That is what I propose—to
increase the number to two hundred and thirty-
five.
The PRESIDENT. The fixing of the number
is in the amendment which has been adopted; and
the Senator must understand that that amendment
cannot now be amended.
Mr. DOWNS. Is not the bill subject to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT. It is; but the amendment
which has been agreed to in the Senate is not.
Mr. DOWNS. That is certainly a part of the
bill.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it is; but it has
been agreed to in committee and in the Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. Cannot that be amended, as it
is now a part of the bill?
Mr. BADGER. You can amend any part of
the bill that has not been voted upon.
Mr. DOWNS. We did vote upon it, it is true,
but m another stage.
The PRESIDENT. The stage has been passed.
It has been adopted both in committee and in the j
Senate, and cannot now be amended.
Mr. DOWNS. Then I move a reconsideration j
of the vote on agreeing to the amendment made in .
committee. 1
Mr. WELLER. The Senator did not vote
with the majority, and therefore cannot make the
motion.
Mr. DOWNS. Then I hope some other gentle-
man will he kind enough to make it.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly aware, as are ;
other gentlemen around me, that the Senator from
Louisiana has been waiting until what he con-
ceived to be the proper time to make the proposi-
tion to amend.
Mr. WELLER. Under those circumstances I
move to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was adopted in the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I now move tostrikeout "two
hundred and thirty-four," and insert " two hun-
dred and thirty-five;" and if that prevails, I shall
move that Louisiana have five Representatives
instead of four. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 26; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Dawson, Douglas, Downs, and
Mason—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Borland, Tlradhury, ;
Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Geyer,
Gwin, Hunter, King, Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Itliett,
Itusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Under-
wood, Wade, Walker, and Weiler—26.
The PRESIDENT. There is no quorum voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 8, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object; and shall object
to every such request, until the committees are
regularly called for reports.
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the House bill No. 154, be-
ing, " An act to enforce discipline, and to promote
good conduct in the naval service of the United
States," upon which the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not know that I ever
asked the unanimous consent of the House since
I have been a member of it, to do anything; nor
have I objected when others asked it; but being
about to leave the city, I have this request to make,
that the House will permit me to submit a bill,
which I have had in charge for some time, that it
rntiy be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and printed.
Several Voirr.s. " Agreed!"" Agreed!"
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object; and I shall ob-
ject to every member's having the unanimous con-
sent, until the committees are regularly called.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs: I will
make this statement: This bill was deemed a mat-
ter of such urgent necessity that it was taken from
the table by the unanimous consent of the House,
and referred to that committee, which has instruct-
ed me to make a report upon it. It is a bill to
enable the officers of the Treasury to settle a fund
for $1,500,000, collected in California, and for
which there exists at this time no authority to
make settlement by these officers.
I will further remark, Mr. Speaker, that a gal-
lant officer of the Army has been here for five
months, for the purpose of having effected this
settlement. He has been waiting, day after day,
for the grant of authority to the officers of the
Treasury to do so. All I propose at present is,
that the bill be allowed to be reported from the
Military Committee, made the special order for
Tuesday next, and ordered to be printed. ,
Mr, JOHNSON, of Georgia. I shall object to
any special order. I call for the regular order of
business. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] has the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER, by unanimous consent of
the House, presented jointresolutionsof the Legis-
lature of the State of Pennsylvania against the
extension of the Woodworth patent; which wire
referred to the Committee on Patents, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McCORKLE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the State of California in re-
lation to the peons fund of California, and for the
establishment of forts on the borders of that State;
which were severally referred—the first to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the latter to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution from the
Legislature of the State of Maine.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] is entitled to the floor, and
seems to be claiming it. I do not see how it can
be taken from him.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield only for a moment, to let these
resolutions be referred.
Mr. BOCOCK. I feel myself under the neces-
sity of proceeding with my remarks. There are
many gentlemen who wish me to yield the floor,
and I cannot discriminate in favor of any one.
Mr. Speaker, I do not expect to occupy the
attention of the House this morning for more than
one half of the time to which I am entitled under
the rules. When I took the floor the other day,
it was my desire to reply somewhat at length to
the arguments submitted by my friend before me
from the State of Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and
by my colleague upon my right, [Mr. Millsojj;]
but upon subsequent reflection, and the examina-
tion of their remarks in the Globe, I have come to
the conclusion that, though there are many things
in the remarks which these gentlemen have sub-
mitted, to which I do not yield my assent, yet
they submitted many suggestions to the House
worthy of ourcalm and attentive consideration. 1
do not come forward this morning, then, so much
to take issue with these gentlemen upon the po-
sitions they have taken, as to raise my voice
with others, in behalf of the naval establishment
of this country, which has been so long neglected,
and which all persons in all parts of the country
agree, requires the attention of the Government of
the United States. There is nothing more com-
mon than to hear from the men who speak upon
the subject at all, the declaration that there is need
of reform, thorough and searching reform, in the
Navy, in every branch, and every department of
it. Gentlemen tell us that there must be reform
in the manner of building ourships. Others tell us
that there must be reform in the manner of regu-
lating the promotions. Others again tell us, and
truly, that there is need of thorough reform in the
code of discipline by which our Navy is to be gov-
erned. While this is so—while all agree in the
necessity of a reform, look, I ask you, at the con-
duct of the Congress of the United States, and of
the House of Representatives particularly, in rela-
tion to this question. For six years this has been
the cry. .
The Committee on Naval Affairs of this House
have been reporting bill after bill, and pressing
them upon the consideration of the House, but
they have all received the go-by. This House
has always looked with a hostile eye upon them.
My own personal experience, as a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, extends back to the
last two years. I was a member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs at the last Congress. That
committee reported to this House two important
bills providing for reform in the Navy, the most
important one providing for a change of the mode
of promotion. The chairman of the committee
again and again attempted to prevail upon the
House to take them up, and consider them; but it
was impossible to get them up. During the last
session of Congress, what do we see again In
the month of September, 1850, an amendment1ad
been passed to the naval appropriation
out from the naval code the punishment of the lash,
