1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 8,
abolishing floggings evidently making a veiy im-
portant vacuum in that code. During the last ses-
sion of Congress the subject came before tiie ben-
ate. The Senate passed a bill. That bill was j
never acted upon by this House at ah. We were |
told at the last Congress, that this great subject ot ..
slavery was standing at the doors of our Congress, ,
excluding everything* else. But, at last the cry j
went through the land that the great question had ,j
been settled, that it had been adjusted, and that |
wp would come up here at the next Congress to ;l
attend to the business of the country. : j
But what have we been doing at this Congress? 1
We have been resettling the settlement, and re- '
adjusting the adjustment. In the early part of the ;
session, the subject came again before the Senate
of the United States, and the Senate passed a bill ,
revising the code of punishment in the Navy, and
that was sent to this House. When it was_sent
here, it was referred to the Committee on Naval :
Affairs. That committee examined it, and in- i
structed its chairman to repoit it back to the
House of Representatives. Week after week-
passed, but the chairman had no opportunity to
report it. At length there seemed to have arisen
a contingency, when it was very desirable that
something should be done, a.ul that speedily.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Allan's ;
asked the consideration of the House to the bill. I
It was given; but when the bill came before the j
House the previous question was sustained by a j
large majority, cutting off all amendments, and the !
bill was "put upon its passage, and there were gen-
tlemen here who had voted for the previous ques-
tion, cutting oft" amendments, who \oted against
the bill because they could not amend it. This is
the action of this House of Representatives m rela-
tion to the naval establishment of this countiy,
and this is a specimen of Amenenn legislation.
Well may the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] talk about the necessity of reform in the
Navy. Well may he I ell us there ought to be a
new mode of enlist m( nt and a new mode of promo-
tion. But let him tell me fii st when the committee to
which he alluded has reported and brought ihcir
business before the House, by what magic chaim
this House can be brought to business. Tell me
how we can get the House to consider these
things. I say it not from any spirit of anger. It
is not my province to lecture the House, and I do
not desire to do it. There is much talent in this
House, there never has been more talent here
than at present, since I have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor. But how do gentlemen ex-
ercise that talent5 In presidential quarrels, in
party manoeuvres, and in j>ohtical projects and
schemes. I would speak fo the members of the
House in a spirit of brothetly regard, and tell
them that huch subjects are unworthy of the talent
of American statesmen. It is a field in which the
monkey may be their equal, and the fox their
.superior. They ought to rise to a purer atmos-
phere and broader sphere, nnd they ought to look
to such acts, as take hold upon the destinies of
the country, and tend to advance the great inter-
ests of the nation. Having said these things, I
shall come to an examination of the bills which
have been presented to the Hou:>e, which I shall
make as brief as possible. First, the Senate bill,
second, the substitute of my colleague, and third,
the substitute since offered by the chaiinum of
the Committee on Now! AfTatrs, the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Sty\to.v,] whom i see he-
fore me. But, before I do so, 1 wiii refer briefly
to one or two of the points which have been made
by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stt-ust]
who sits before me. The irentleman from Michi-
gan seemed to make his objection to the bill wnich
1 proposed, as not beiny; in arcmuance with the
spirit of the age, and with the i eforms in reg<. -d to
the abolition of capital punishment, &c. I ex-
pected it was that spirit—n spirit which has been
agitating the country in relation to such subjects
as these; this false philanthropy, as 1 call it,'that,
had risen up here to attack the report of the com-
mittee. The abolition of capital punishment' The
gentleman says that .vuce annual punishment hns
been abolished, crime has diminished. I should
like to see some of that evidence. I hold in my
hand an at tide winch has been written uyvon (he
subject of discipline in the Navy, by a man who
shows hiniVtf to !>o weiS-;r/onned, in which he
touches upon this subject. I quote from an article
in the Southern Literary Messenger of April, 1852:
" Crimes are not less frequent or less shocking now than
they were a century since, either in Christian societies or
among the vaiious communities of religious misbelievers.
On the contrary, it is suggested that came has increased m
propoition a> prisons have been marie places of agreeable
residence, and punishments of all kinds have been made
seemingly more tolerable, and cnminals more respeetable.
It is even suspected there is more generous sympathy ex-
erted in behalf of the vicious, of those who are /.unity of
ciiine in anv of its gradations, from murder and arson down
to the smallp&t misdemeanor, than in favor of disea^e-and-
povcrty-btrieken but virtuous and industrious eiuzens. A
brutal courage often evinced in the perpetration of crime,
atliacts respect and excites pity for a condemned criminal,
while the virtuous humility of povertv parses unheeded.
: A man would be spurned as an honest beggar, who, as a
i felon, foieibly detained in a palace of eliminate, would pro-
1 voke the res-pect and tnc activity of the benevolent to release
him from the infliction of law. While this falsely-called
, benevolence exists—while pity sheds more tears over the
; murderer than over his victim, it i  not leasonable to expect
1 that any system of punishment will be effectual in prevent-
ing cinne. Even the limited p/otection which law is calcu-
lated to afford honest citizens against the violence and mis-
| doing of the vicious, is diminished by the too-frequcntly
I Mieeesssfui efforts of sympathizers of criminals to shield
■ them fioin conviction on trial, and to piocme paidon for
them when condemned. Crime is thus indirectly eucour-
. aged by increasing the avenues and chances of ehcapefrom
! punishment.
; "-Any S3-tem of punishment to be valuable must be de-
viled on a theory that it will be faithfully observed in prac-
1 lice; observation h.i* led to the opinion that eeiuunty of :
: chasu-oment i« more influential in securing obedience to
i law than in severity.
I "There can be no punishment winch does not involve 11
j suffering in body or in mind. Then the question to bo
' solved is, what land and degree of pain can he inflicted on ,
! individual offenders, consistent with humanity, for the com- ;
j !, mon advantage of the community
II Yes, sir, I have no doubt that this is a true pic-
| ture of the case, and there never was a truer thing
stud than, that mercy to a criminal is cruelty to
thousands; it is cruelty to the community. This
i1 sort of philanthropy wlvch seeks to make prisons
; agreeable, and to strike out all sorts of punishment
; because they hurt, is a false philanthropy, and I ,
'! deprecate its introduction here. I remember that
I tins a^e of false philanthropy—this age of agita-
1, tion for the abolition of capital punishment, is
also the age of socialism, of Fourierism, of anti-
■ rentism, of abolitionism, and ot every other .sort
of ism that the malignant ingenuity of man (.an
1, suggest, or that the demon from below can insti-
j'l gate. Away with all such theories. Come up like;
;j sensible men, and punish cnminals and enforce i
ij the laws, and you will do well for the community, ,
and well for the age in which you live. I would 1
' like to see the talent that I know exists here di- j
j rect its eneigies and eloquence, that almost make '
| respectable a bad cause, to the discouragement of 1
1 crime and the enforcement of punishment. They
I would then be worthy of their positions here, and
' deserving of the gratitude of the nation. I expect
[that gentlemen will contend next, that the pun-
i ishmcnt of imprisonment must be abolished, and
; that the men who commit murder, theft, arson, or
: any crime of that sort, must be brought up and
! solemnly lectured. And indeed if the lecture be
j as dull as some speeches which we hear on this
; floor, it will be a severer punishment than lolling
j on soft beds in agreeable prisons.
i Mr. Speaker, 1 shall not come forward here at
this time, for the purpose of advocating the resto-
j ration of punishment by Hogging. I know that
1 that is not to be done. But 1 will way, in relation
to that sort of punishment, that there were some
1 beneficial featmes m it, that cannot be found in
i any other, sort of punishment that has yet been
1 suggested. In relaUon to that subject, I beg leave
to read a brief passage from the same articlc fioni
which I lead a little while ago.
" Florin-' a- a means of punishment, either ashore or
i afloat, lias-, one advantage over any kind of impugnment.
: Us painr> die hunted to the culprit; tho-c who hmv bu de-
pendent upon his lahor are not made to paincipate in the
' ca^turation. for the moment after its infliction, lie mav io-
! turn to his avocation. For a similar reason, it pretenihle
to any >\>tem of penitential iine^ as u mode ol pum-dmm
tho>e offender^ a<ram -t the I iw wiio 2elv upon then labor
to proenie daily loud for themselves and families."
The great object to be accomplished in pun-
ishment, 111 the Navy particularly, is to secure for
1 these smaller oifenses, a summary punishment,
and one that will operate on the offender alone,and
enable lum to be restored to his duty in as short
1 a time as possible.
Upon this basis and with this view, I go now
to the consideration of these bills which have been
presented, and to which I referred a little while
ago. And, in the first place, I want to say to my
colleague, [Mr. Mii.lson,] who came forward here
the other day, the advocate of humanity and re-
form in punishments, to adapt them to the spirit
of the age, that I cannot go for his bill because it
is too severe. He said that the bill reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, conferred upon
a single man more power, and more authority than
any individual in any country in the world exer-
cised. I tell him, that in my judgment, his bill is
even worse than that, and I cannot go for it be-
cause it is so.
Sir, the Navy has been governed thus far under
the act of 1800. We design, by this bill, to strike
out many of the antiquated and isolated punish-
ments provided for in that act, which are contiary
to the spirit of the age: and to adopt, in their stead,
more certain, and at the same time more humane
punishments. My colleague has come forward
1 with a bill which readopts that old act, with all its
! faults, and with all its antiquated punishments.
My colleague objects to that feature in the bill, re-
: ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
provides for diminishing the rations. He objected
' to it as almost monstrous. But he brought before
, the House the regulations for the naval asylum,
to which he gives approbation, s,o far as to prefer
its provision for disabled sailors, fcver that of the
committee. Well, I presume if there was such a
monstrous thing in those regulations as punish-
ment by diminishing rations, my colleague would
spurn them from him. Let us see how that is.
I read from the regulations:
" For misconduct, of which diunkenness, fighting, abu-
sive and profane language may be enumerated as foremost,
or fot any conduct subversive of sood ordei and discipline,
p(;n«ione"is shall be subject to punishment by stoppage of
pocket-money and tobacco, confinement in the cells,
les-ttiction of the luxuries, and curtailment of the ration«,
at the discretion of the governor or commanding officer,
and to ejectment fiom the asylum, upon the approval ot the
►secretary ot the Nav\, obtained 01 directed in wilting."
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) I suppose the
interruption may be almost unnecessary; certain-
ly, with those who remember what 1 said upon
this subject. But my colleague [Mr. Bocock]
has soid'that because I introduced the regulations
of the Navy Department, simply for the purpose
of showing to the House upon what terms the
decrepid sailor was now admitted into the asylum
—making no other use of the regulations what-
ever, intending to make no other use of them, and
not having read any of the other regulations—he
most lllogically assumes that I adopt the whole
for the purpose of .sanctioning the regulations
which have been adopted by the Navy Depart-
ment. Now, I assure my colleague that I not
only never read any of the other articles, from
1 which he has just quoted, hut T did not intend to
1 read them, and had no occasion to read them.
| Mr. BOCOCK. I do not pretend to vie with
my colleague m logic. If I did, f trust that my
, logic would lead me to rather better conclusions
! than his logic leads him to. The gentleman is
1 very logical. He is one of the most logical gen-
■ tiemen I know; but he spins his logic so fine that
i it is very apt to miss the mark. Does not the
: House remember that the gentleman said that the
provision we had made in the bill for the sailor
! who had served with good conduct for twenty
years, was unnecessary, because these provisions
1 here were better for him than the bill reported by
' the committee5 And does my colleague mean to
■ say, that when he said that these provisions were
i better for the old sailor than those contained in the
! Senate bill, he had not read them, and did not
know what they were?
But I pass over that. The bill of the committee
proposes that, for various offenses, the diet of the
offender shall be restricted to bread and water: and
the gentleman complains of that very greatly.
Now, sir, I did not know that it was a very seri-
ous or severe infliction on a man, when he was m
close confinement and could not take exercise, to
'give him plain diet. It may punish him a little.
It mav be a momentary annoyance to him, but it
, does him no permanent harm: on the contrary, m
my opinion, it does him good. When a man is
in solitary confinement, and not abl_e to take his
daily exercise, I am in favor of giving him bread
■ and water, as a mercy to him.
' " r> discharging from the aervicc, with bad-conduct dis-
: eharce
« Bv solitary confinement 111 irons, single or c.ounle. on
bread and water Provided, no such confinement thall ex-
! ceed thiity dayc.'."
Now, my interpretation of these and the other
provisions about confinement, was that solitary
( confinement, whether in irons or out of irons,
