1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
mission of anybody; without interfering with or
interrupting the State government in any respect,
and the woik is done. Now, sir, as to improving
the value of our own land, there is no man in the
world, knowing the district, knowing the region
above, but would consider it a good speculation
to construct a work of this nature, with a view to
enhance his own property. But there are other
and still more important considerations which
should influence us in this matter. In a military
point of view, there can be nothing more import-
ant for this country, looking to the future, than
the construction of such a canal. In the event of
u difficulty with Great Britain, the first thing we
should have to do would be to construct a military
marine upon the three middle lakes, and another
unon Lake Superior. You cannot carry your
marine from one lake into another; but if this ca-
nal were constructed, the marine which you have
upon Lake Superior, and the marine you have
upon the middle lakes, would answer the same
purpose upon all. It was so feltduringthe Oregon
difficulty. At the time we feared a rupture with
iSnguind, Mr. Polk's administration, to my own
knowledge, were on the point of proposing to
Congress to construct the canal with this view,
and were only prevented from taking that measure
by an amicable adjustment of the difficulties then
pending with the British Government, rendering
the work unnecessary.
Tne Senate will perceive at once the bearing of
this subject upon our military operations hereafter.
Lake Superior is too important to be neglected. It
will be as important in a few years as the coast of
any other Like; and the difficulties with that coun-
try which maycome—asdifHculties may come be-
tween ail countries—and which prudent men ought
to foresee wdl compel us to build a marine there,
one ship of which would build the canal
which we now ask, and enable us to transport the
marine up and down, backwards and forwards, as
may be wanted on the middle or upper lakes. As
amere measure of military precaution, therefore, it
is worth more than all it wiil cost. You must have
the saiioii. there also—you must have the whole
expense on all the lal.es, when one would answer
equally for the whole, with this canal. As an
important matter of comuierce, as a matter of ex-
pediency connected with the navigation and busi-
ness of the country, few measures can be more
important. There are few gentlemen who are ;
aware of rhe importance of the navigation on the |
akes. 0-, •* commerce is now not less than ]
$^00,000,-'01) upon them,and our navigation very I
Utile, if any, less than 200,000 tons. However j
starring these amounts may be, yet the tables j
submitted to the Senate will show the fac-. There j
:s -j.ii nnioti.it of commerce well worth the foster- [
m.^Ccire orthp Government, so tar as we can ex- :
ercise within our constitutional limits. '
A few years airo the State of Michigan passed j
n law, made the necessary arrangements, and was i
-Oiitg on M '>ui'd tins canal; but it was !
prevf-.ited. ^ 7 foolishly, very unwisely, without -
[•'iv !r.'"'tiv°, in my opinion, by the General j
Uovei-.nn^.r, from dou^' it'. I am now authorized I
to «a/, tiint if you will give permission to a com-
ny of individuals to make that canal thiongh i
vour land, they will do it without asking a cent
i'*cm the Government. Dai this,the Government
does not want. The State government does not
want it, Tiie country upon the upper lakes does
not want it. They do not want to pt\y '•ne heavy
rolls ne:ecsaw, if it is held as a matter of profit in
the hinds of incLvidnpb. Still further, letme tell
y,-a, I ("i-cii :Vom the last .paper received
t'.om euur, rhat a wty are now on the
• ';i3e uf t:>e S. j'., by order of the Cana-
tln'.a Government, with a view to the construction
.--f tV>t canni, as they have constructed tne Wel-
!and Canal around the Falls of Niagara. That
would not answer our purpose at all. What we
want is o cc.na! nf our own within our own terri-
.hc necessary purposes required
The President of the
'ory to an3
b >th in peace and in w.
his message, I think of the ses-
last, on a review of the whole rub-
commendefl this measure to the
l. r i.e.! o:
sion oefore t;.e
iXristder.uion r-^d favorable action of Congiess.
He hi;! seen i's imoortant bearing upon the upper
<-ountry, will', a view not onlv to their interests,
hat to the interests of the whole United States,
and he recom-nendad to Congress to pass a law
with that view
Mr. President, I have a memorandum of a num-
ber of subjects to which I might call attention,
but time is short. There are gentlemen here, per-
haps, who can state to the Senate more accurately i
than I can the amount of iron ore which has been I
already transported. But allow me to read a sin-
gle paragraph from a paper which I received this
morning, from the Sault Ste. Marie, which will ;
show the progress of improvement in that re-
gion: . :
"The Iron Mountain and Lake Superior Railroad Com- ;
pany are putting up a laige officc at the lake terminus of |
ihe road; and they have located their depot and most part '
of the line of the road. We learn from Mr. Ely, superin-
tendent, that the route is quite as favorable as was expect-
ed. The grade, though steep, will be easily overcome,
especially as there will be but little freight to take up from
the lake. The road will run for some distance near the
bank of the Jake, and accommodate everyone." '
Here is a road now actually laid out, and in ;
process of construction, to accommodate the iron |
works, which is to run from Lake Superior across j
the whole peninsula, to Lake Michigan, entirely |
by private enterprise, the product of which is to 1
go by way of the Sault Ste. Marie. ;
"This is a project of immense importance to the iron '
interests ol tins lake, and, in fact, to the whole Northwest.
With this road, five thousand tons of iron can be shipped .
a* easily, in the same time as five hundred tons have been
tins season ; and with a ship canal at th<-  Sault, five hun-
! dred thousand will be a hunt of yearlv shipment as easily
i accomplished. Does any one ihink tlnsi->asieej/estunate? !
' Let him look at the steep and high iron mountains, worth 1
I more by the pound than common pnr metal; let him look ;
| at the almost lunifless demand growing up at the great 1
1 West, and consider these facilities for piocunng here a sup- ,
ply, and he will be satisfied with our estimate.
" This toad is but the bs'sinntng of a, more extended route
from thi« placc to J5ay deNoqut't,on Lake Michigan, which .
will make a direct southern outlet for come of the iron from 1 j
tin* region, as well as ari inlet for Uie supplies needed to
j carry iorwaid extensively tne iron business*.;
! The amendment proposed by my colleague, in-
stead of containing the provision made by the ori-
i ginal bill, which appropriated land, and which
i intended to confer upon the State authority with a :
1 view that the woik might go on by the authority
i of the Legislature, proposed that Congress shall
do the woik like any other public work, rendered
necessary by the circumstances of the case. An
amount of land might be given that would make
the canal: but it would take a long time; and, in
the fluctuations now attending our land system,
not k-sowing, from day to day, what measure
Congress may adopt, men competent to construct
such a work would lie fearful about taking land
for compensation. The matter remains altogether
so uncertain, that it is difficult to tell what Mount
would be nPcessary, or whether any reasonable ;
amount would be sufficient now to induce them to
go on. In these circumstances, we propose that j
The United States shall take hold of the work,
and make it as they would any other improve-
ment; and t trust that such will b« the decision of
the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 will ask the Senator who
renorted the bill, whether there has been any sur-
vey made, or c-nim ite presented as to the cost of
construction of this canal'
Mr. FELCH. There have been two surveys
made for this work. One was made, m the first
instance, under the authority of the Stateof Mich-
igan, in 1836, i believe. Subsequently to that
ume, the attention of the Department was called
! to the subject, and they directed another survey
' to be made under the authority of, and by the offi-
; cers connected with, the Topographical Bureau;
I and a report was presented, exhibiting the whole
country, with a map of it. giving the distances
with an estimate of the expense. The estimate is
/iven in detail. The total amount of expense is
' 454,107 66 This provides, however, for a canal
i with double locks, the estimate for which was
based upon the length and sire of the steamer
' .Michigan, which was then the only steamer
upon "the' lakes belonging to the Government.
I That was a small iron vessel, one hundred and
! sixty-seven feet long-. The dimensions for the
j canal were, one hundred feel wide, and twelve feet
I deep; for the locks, two hundred feet long, and
I fifty feet wide.
Since that time, the commerce of that country
it has very much increased, and the dimensions ofthe
Si canal, as provided in the amendment, are larger
l! than those provided for in the estimate. In other
words, we have, in the amendment,provided for a
|! canal which shall accommodate the steamers now
II plying upon the lakes—supposing that they will be
large enough for future use. The size of thelocks,
then, is larger than that provided for in the esti-
mate; but the estimate provided for double locks,
while the amendment provides for single locks.
The probability is, that the expense of making
the work which we have provided for in this
amendment will be not very far from that which
was the subject of the estimate by the Depart-
ment. I believe this answers the inquiries of the
Senator.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, this is an-
other of those internal improvements that I sup- *
pose come within the Baltimore platform. It
seems, from the argument of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that it is
necessary for the public defense, for the purpose
of increasing and protecting the commerce of the
country, and he says further, that it is necessary
for the purpose of increasing the value of the pub-
lic lands, which, I suppose, makes it all very
justifiable! I do not pretend to enter into the dis-
cussion of the question of internal improvements
on this bill. All thatl require is, that theSenator
who reported it shall call upon the proper Depart-
ment to have an estimate made of the cost of the
construction of the canal, founded upon the data
presented in the bill, and ascertain how much
money we are about to appropriate for the im-
provement.
I admire very much this manner of introducing
a bill for internal improvements, putting itupon its
own independent footing, and not in connection
with other propositions, merely for the purpose
of gaining strength to carry it through. It is cer-
tainly a very honorable position to place it in;
and I must ask of the Senator to be so kind as to
bring it within one of my principles. In passing
bills making appropriations for internal improve-
ments, I always desire an estimate to come from
the Department, as to the probable cost.^ ThenX
will take into consideration the propriety and
practicability of the improvement, and vote in re-
gard to it, according to my convictions. But here,
sir, there seems to "have been two surveys—one
made by individuals, for their own individual en-
terprise, or intended enterprise—none authorized
by the Government of the United States, save
through the head of a Department. Was it by
Congress that they were called upon to male that
estimate? or did the Department itself call the
attention of the engineers to it?
Mr. CASS. The Department makes almost all
of these estimates.. Not one case in ten arises
from a resolution of Congress; not one in twenty;
perhaps not one in fifty.
Mr. DAWSON. As we are taking the matter
into consideration ourselves, to declare whether
the improvement ought to be made, let us have it
submitted to the Department, and let the estimate
be made by our authority. I do not recollect who
was Secretary of War at the time the order was
given for the survey to ascertain what the canal
wovHd cost the Government. Will the Senator
from Michigan be kind enough to inform me, in
what manner it was made?
| Mr. FELCH. The report of the Topographical
: Bureau was called for by a resolution of. the Sen-
ate, and was presented to the body, in reply to
that resolution, in 1844.
Mr. DAWSON. The report made by the Top-
ographical Engineers was called for, I know, by
1 absolution of the Senate; but a resolution was
i ;iever passed by this body authorizing a report to
be made, according to my recollection of the mat-
ter I know the report was called for; but I want
to know when the Secretary of War instructed
: the engineers to make the survey. Wliat is the
date of the engineer's report?
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator would be
i good enough to recur back to the register, he would
find who was Secretary of War at the time. My
i colleague, i believe, said that the date of the re-
' nort was 1844.
; ' Mr. DAWSON. That is the time the report
i was communicated to us; but how long was the
I officer engaged in making the report'
Mr. CASS. Perhans one day.
Mr. DAWSON. What I wanted to show wets,
that the report had been made for a number of
years; called for by the Department, and not by
the authority of Congress. 1 wished to show to
the Senate that the number of years past and
gone since the examinations upon which that re-
port was based, cannot be less than twelve or
