1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
should not exceed thirty days. But even if there j
be do such limitation, still, I maintain that the bill i
of the committee is better than the gentleman's j
bill, which reenacts the law of 1800. Let us look ■
at the power the captain has. Under that: |
"The commanders ot ail ships and vessels-af-war be- i
longing to the Navy, are strictly enjoined and required to '
show in themselves a good example ot virtue, honor, pa- i
tnotisin, and subordination, and be vigilant in inspecting j
the conductor all sueh as. are placed under their command ; !
and to guard against and "juppiess all dissolute and immoral
practices, and to correct all such as are guilty of them, ac- \
cotdtng to the usage of the sea service.
Wow, what is the usage of the sea? I will show 1
presently. For other named offenses it is pro- j
vided:
" That a private (shall be putm irons, or flouged, at the j
discretion of the captain,not exceeding twelve lac-he-?; but >
if the otFense icqmre s-evoxCi pun^hment, he i-hall be tried ;
by a coun-maitial, .md suffer such punishments as said !
court shall inflict.,J
" Any tlictt, not exceeding .y30, may be pum.-hed at the ;
discretion ot the captain ; and above that sum, as a cou> t- J
martial i>ha!l direct.-"
For theft under twenty dollars, at the discretion 1
of the captain. Think of that. Again:
<k All crimes committed by persons belonging to the Navy, j
which are not specified by the foregoing articles, <diall be
punished according to the laws and customs in such cases !
at sea."-'
These are provisions of the law of 1800, reen- j
acted by my colleague's substitute. j
Now, sir, it seems to me that here is pretty ■
broad ground for discretionary punishment by the 1
commanding officer. He has power to put in .
irons for an indefinite time—which carries with it '
the power of solitary confinement—without re- ;
striction. Then, for immoral conduct, and other 1
thing's specified, and for all offenses not specified,
he has the right to punish according to the usage ,
at sea. Now, in order to show to this House ■
what are the usages at sea, 1 will read from the !
same article from which I have already read, writ- 1
ten by a gentleman familiar with the naval service, j
f have shown it to a friend upon this floor who j
has been long in the naval service, and he says it
is correct:
Among the punishments not alluded to in the law, ;
which have been resoited to in the JVavy, aie the 'coit/ :
or rope's end ; the laitan." j
These have been abolished, but there remains j
in full force— I
Carrying a heavy bhot during watch; ^tandnia: upon '
the capstan ; iiding the spankei boom: gajiginc. bucking."
To which my fnend authorizes me to add. cru- '
cifymg, keelhauling. &c. !
Now, sir, let these sympathetic gentlemen— j
these benevolent and humane gentlemen—these .
gentlemen who want to have punishment m the '
Navy conform wirh the spirit uf the age, hstev. to
a desenption of the punishments winch are still :
authorized m the Navy, and which they retain.
The same writer to whom I alluded a moment
ago, says:
*' Gagging iv clfeetcd by su-unng a iud of iron acru*s the
wide upon mouth. It k> unplovcd a? the only eiivchve ;
mode to stop a stream of the uUvt, uttiperatn e pto-anuy
which angry, di unken ocamen alone are capable of unarm-
ing.'*
Mr. MILLSOX. How IonS do they keep it
there'
Mr. EOCOCK. My colleague asks how long
they keep it there. Why, as long as ^the captain
pleases, it is left to his discretion. There is nu
limit to it m the world, according to his bill. Then
there is " bucking." And what is bucking r The
same writer says.:
" Ttis a means orurinulb invented for t-ocunng ?uch pot-
miPit as posbe^s a ratntal facility of e-f.iping trom fetters ;
u counts sr: placing a bar 01 lod of -udtcient lerstii, cio^s-
wi>e beneath the hams ami in Mont 01 the elbow joinH. aftri
rhe vviivtf- and ankle* have been put m mm-. Thi^ur-
vange-at-ut. of-•our-.e, confine- the put-oner to a sitting pos-
ture, and rcstiaui^ h i moti-m*- to v>'<-v nairow linuP*. It
mii't be a m<M lih.-ooi-- position to e.'«lure 101 any c >nsd~
cabk' period."
Now, what is cn cifying? ^ is tying the cul-
prit up to a beam with his nands stietched. I
believe thev do not drive nails through them; but
he is tied m this manner <in-.i leit for an ndei-
uute lime, at the disci el1 on ot ihe captain.
Then, as to the other kind of punishment called ■
" keel-hauiin^," as I understand n, it is to drop .
a fe!lo\v down on one bide oi the keel ot the ship
and draw hnn up on the other, i wdl not say
how tins mode of punishment may impress other
gentlemen, but to me it seems a very cruel one.
Mr. MILL30N. I desire to make one inquiry
of rnv colleague.
Mr, CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] will allow me first to ask
his colleague a question ? I was listening to the
gentleman with attention. I understood him to
describe some kind of punishment made use of on
board the ship, called keel-hauling. I ask the gen-
tleman what it was?
Mr. BOCOCK. I am informed that it is drop-
ping a fellow down on one side of the keel of the
ship and dragging him up on the other.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I think that is mak-
ing him undergo a great hard-ship. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly it does. I object to
it. The gentleman and 1 are agreed upon that
point.
Mr. MILLSON. It was stated a few days ago,
in the original discussion upon this bill, that there
was great lassitude of discipline in the Navy.
That the officers were threatened and abused By
their sailors. Now, 1 desire to ask whether that
was owing to the fact that the existing punish-
ment authorized to be inflicted by the command-
ing officer, were so cruel as my colleague has des-
cribed them to be?
Mr. BOCOCK. I am not responsible for speeches
made by other gentlemen; hut I presumeif thegen-
tlman to whom rny colleague refers were called
on to answer, he would say that the punishment,
which, under the law of 1800, the commanding
officer of a vessel was authorized to inflict, were
so cruel that they would not inflict them. Wc
wish to substitute other punishments in then-
places. But my colleague puts in a special pro-
vision in his bill which retains these modes of
punishment. But we, by substituting other pun-
ishments, exclude these.
Mr. AYERETT asked severalquestionsingood
humor, to which Mr. Bocock replied.
Mr. BOCOCK. As you said to another gen-
tleman in your speech yesterday, You are too
latitudinous in your questions, and too hard to
satisfy with my explanations.
Mr. Chaitman, I wish to give one or two rea-
sons why I shall vote for the proposition submit-
ted by the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Stanton] as a substitute for the bill.
I am free to admit that the bill which passed the
Senate and reported back by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, gave a larger discretionary power
to the commanding officer than was at all neces-
sary or desirable; yet, at the same time, I say that
1 do not believe them as arbitrary as the powers
heretofore exercised by that officei, and I do not
believe they would be abused as gentlemen here
who are so sensitive upon this subject seem to
suppose. The chairman of the Committee on
Naval A (fairs [Mr. Stanton] hns reported a bill
as a substitute both for the original bill and that
proposed by mv colleague, in which he has re-
stricted the power of the captain m many respects,
indeed, in almost every respect, to which my col-
league hns objected. Instead of saying, "The
commander of any vessel, d'c., shall have author-
ity to punish offenses committed by petty officers
and persons of inferior lating, by any one cr more
of the following punishments," he says,. " by any
one of the following punishments." Instead of
saj'ing, "by solita y confinement in nons, on
bread and water, provided rio such confinement
shall pxceed thirty days," he says, " not to ex-
ceed ten days." .He requires that the captain
shall enter upon books an account of all the pun-
ishments he inflicts, so that he may be held ac-
countable for them. But it retains one provision
which my colleague objected to. It retains the
provision, that after a sailor has served for twenty
years with continuous good-conduct di charges, he
shall be put upon half-pay in the Na\al Asylum
for life.
Now, if there be struck from my colleague's
substitute the provision reenacting the law of
1800, the question which would arise for discus-
sion, between that substitute and the bill last re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, would be whether it is proper to have
such punishments as I have enumerated intrusted
only to a summary court-martial, or whether it is
better to leave them in the hands of the captain. ^ I
believe myself, though I am not prepared to claim
fen my opinion on naval matters an authority pat-
amount to those of other gentlemen, that the power
of the captain ought to meet that of the general
court-martial. The general court-martial ou^ht
to have cognizance alone of such offenses as are
punishable with death and other severe punish-
| ments. All below that' should be in the hands of
! the captain. There are some things in a,special
court-martial which I object to. I believe they
1 would have a bad effect in many cases.
Suppo.se a sailor has committed any trifling
offense which the captain deems worthy of pun-
ishment: he must summon his officers and hold a
court-martial. A disputation between the captain
and the sailor would ensue, and thus the authority
of the captain would be greatly lessened. It is
conceded, I suppose, to every gentlemen here, my
colleague and the gentleman from Michigan {Mr.
Smart] concurring, that there must be a certain
: power lodged with the captain. Give him not too
much discretionary power, but let that power
, meet that of the general court-martial. Look for
, a moment at the inconvenience of these special
courts-martial. Take, for instance, a brig. You
have a captain, two lieutenants, a purser and sur-
geon—four commissioned officers in all, besides
; the commander. When an offense has been com-
. mitted, the captain must summon at least three
out of the four officers upon the trial. So that
you would have very nearly all the officers of the
vessel taken from duty, and very nearly the same
court for every trial; and how often would th&t
court have to sit? How much would those men
be detained from their business? If the officers
I were friends of the captain, they would, after all,
inflict the same punishment which he would inflict
himself, or whatever punishments he asked, and
'1 would divide the responsibility amongst them.
II While, if you leave it to the captain alone, the
same punishments would be imposed and the
whole of the responsibility would rest upon him.
1 As chastity is the essential point m the character
1 of a woman, and as honor is the glory of a man,
, so do authority and subordination constitute the
I very essence and spirit cf a naval force. You
must make the men respect their "commanding
officer, and you must not bring him down to
squabble at every little petty affair before his in-
ferior officers on board. The same spirit which
> would do that would deprive the judges of the
country of the power to inflict summary punish-
ment for contempt. Why, the same power that
would take this power from the hands of the cap-
i tain, would take all authority from the hands of
; the school teacher, and force him to summon a
I jury of the boys of his school to try every little
petty offense committed by his pupils, ft is ab-
| solu'tely necessary that there should be some au-
j thority vested 111 the hands of the captain.
I I come now to the last point upon which I shall
trouble the committee. After I shall have examined
it lniefly, I will vieltLthe floor. My colleague
and the gentleman from Michigan object to this
clause of the biil:
"And after twenty veins' >e:vice 111 the Navy, with
: wooii-eoniJuct thschat^cs .it the termination of each enhst-
1 inent. everv «sin"l> petty officer, 01 person of inferior rating,
>.hall be entitled to adnn'sion to and provision in the Naval
1 A*}inm lor life, with half the monthly wages of his last
' enlistment.
The provision now is, that a man shall go into
these naval asylums when he becomes infirm
and decrepid, no matter what his conduct has
been in the Navy, and when he goes there he
■ shall be supported, shall be allowed three dollars
to clothe himself with, and shall then be allowed
, other considerations, sometimes amountingto five,
and sometimes to six dollars. And in addition
to this, if you leave, out of the bill this provision,
and permit the regulations to stand as they now
do. how will the matter be in another respect5
; You have your hospitals, where any man can go
in the early part of Ins enlistment, and remain on
full pay the whob remainder of that enlistment,
i if you make no prMision for the old men, they hav-
jntr become urlit for any other business, will con-
tinue to enlist, for the purpose of receiving such
, benefits, u' lor nothing else. When you come to
• consider the amount which they receive in the
asylum, and the amount which these men get in
the hospitals, together they will make more than
! the ijrov iMon made in the substitute of the gentle-
■ man from Tennessee. Even if you take into con-
sideration the iunount given of three months'addi-
tional pay, in certain specified cases under these
' premises, the support of these sailors will be
cheaper to the Government than under the present
. regulations.
But it will do more. The provision here made
! will be an incentive to the sailors to exert them-
I selves during the whole period of their service, to
