1882'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
fourteen. As it is now proposed to increase the
dimensions of the can«\i over what was then pro-
posed, it is proper that we should have a new
estimate presented.
The amendment of the Senator from Michigan
is already before the Senate for consideration, I
presume it will take but a short time to submit
the provisions of that amendment to the Topo-
graphical Bureau, and have an estimate made, and
let it be presented here; then we shall know upon
what to base our action; we shall have no bad
" foundation, by which other appropriations may
be based upon this for other internal-improve-
ments. I also like to require estimates in every
case before passyig upon an internal improvement
bill. That is my object and design in this case.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the honorable Sena-
tor if he intends to vote for the bill, if he gets the
report which he desires?
Mr. DAWSON. 1 think it very probable; if
the canal would increase our commerce and pro-
tect our frontier as a military improvement—thus
bringing; it within either of the platforms—the
Democratic or the Whig.
Mr. CASS. Which will the gentleman take
for himself?
Mr. DAWSON. I will take both. [Laughter.]
Your platform is certainly much weaker than ours
on that point; and therefore I certainly cannot fail
to take yours by accepting our own.
Mr. FELCH. It seems to me that there can
be very little object in taking the course proposed
by the Senator from Georgia. The amount pro-
vided for by the amendment is less than the esti-
mate of the Department. That estimate was for
$454,000. The provision in the amendment which
1 have offered is, that the Secretary of War shall
receive proposals for the construction of the canal,
accepting of course the lowest bid. He may re-
ceive a bid for the whole or any portion of the
work. The whole cost, however, is not to exceed
§400,000. Unless a contract can be made for the
amount of §400,000, of course no legislation which
we may have here on the subject can go into
eifect.
In regard to the amount, the Representatives
of Michigan felt an interest in providing, in the
first place, for an amount which would be suf-
ficient to construct the work; for it is true that
although it is a work of a good deal of magnitude,
yet it is of that character that if money is appro-
priated, in this manner, a single season will, I be-
lieve, be sufficient to open the communication
between the lakes lying below Lake Superior.
We desired, therefore, to fix upon such a sum as
would be sufficient, in the first place, to insure the
making ofcontracts for the execution of the work;
and in the second place, which would not be an
extravagant expenditure of money for the construc-
tion of the work. We were, therefore, satisfied,
on consultation, with the amount proposed—and I
can assure the Senator that the consultation has
not been confined either to members of the Senate,
or to individuals outside, but included those at
the Department who were conversant with the
matter, who have aided us in fixing on the amount
necessary to secure the construction of this work
at a very low expense.
Now, it is very true, as my colleague said, that
there are men outside of this Chamber—moneyed
men in this country—men interested in the coun-
try bordering on Lake Superior—who would at
once take hold of and construct the work, if the
Government would permit them to do so. We
have resisted all application of that kind, because
we thought it was a work of so much public im-
portance, that acting, to a certain extent, for the
public interests, we ought not to suifer it to pass
into the hands of individuals, and thereby give
them the control of the navigation of the upper
and lower lakes.
The amount fixed in the amendment, $400,000,
with the explanation I have given, will, I think,
be sufficient; and I see no necessity of sending to
the Department for the purpose. This is a less
eum than the Department estimated for in 1844.
Although the work will be increased as regards
the magnitude of the locks, it is a less sum; and
yet I have no hesitation in saying that, for the
amount specified here, we can at once have con-
tracts entered into for the construction of the work.
If it can be done for less, of course the whole
amount proposed to be appropriated will not be
expended. The matter will be open to the com-
petition of every person who may see fit to enter
into it.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not wish to prolong
this debate; but I will very candidly state to the
honorable Senator what my object was. If this
canal is needed for the public defense, then the bill
ought properly to have been investigated before
the Committee on Military Affairs. If it is in-
tended for the purpose of encouraging our com-
merce, it ought to have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. But, as it comes from the
Committee on Public Lands, it can only be con-
sidered as an improvement for the purpose of in-
creasing the value of the public lands. Have the
Military Committee asked for the appropriation
of this money for the public defense? Have the
Committee on Commerce ever presented a report
to this body, asking for an improvement of this
kind, for the purpose of encouraging the commerce
of the country? Then it comes down at last to
one of the arguments of my distinguished friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that it, is to increase I
the value of the public lands. And then the ques- |
tion necessarily arises whether we should appro- j
priate this amount in money, for the purpose of j
improving the value of the public lands in this !
way. j
The Senator from Michigan stated that not I
many years ago a late President of the United !
States, when we were in danger of a foreign war,
had it seriously under consideration to present the
subject to Congress as a means of increasing our
public defenses. But that apprehension passed
off, and he did not do so. He thereby showed
his good judgment and good sense, and his un-
willingness to involve the Government in an ap-
propriation of money which the emergencies of
the time did not require. Yet, now, when we are
in a state of profound peace—when there is no
war-cloud lowering—when there is no apprehen- |
sion felt, we are called upon to make this appro- j
priation. In the same way 1 might speak of the !
appropriation in reference to the commerce of the j
country. Then the question is: Is it politic, I
merely for the purpose of improving the value of J
the public lands, to make this appropriation? I |
wanted to get to that point, and to show to the
Senate that we are legislating now for the defenses
of the country, and for the encouragement of com-
merce, through the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS. I do not intend to follow the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia through this discus-
sion. We have pursued that race long enough,
and I am not going to say another word about it.
But 1 cannot help noticing one most extraordinary
doctrine which he has advanced, which is, that if
a standing committee of this body report a propo-
sition, we here have no right to take into consid-
eration any other question than the simple one
that may have been before the committee.
Mr. DAWSON. I did not say you had not the
right to do it, but that it. is unusual.
Mr. CASS. Unusual! Why,Mr. President,
I take it that if a measure is before this body and
a Senator is compelled to vote upon it, it is his
duty to look to all the circumstances connected
with it. A measure is presented; it is referred to
a committee; the committee make a report giving
their views; and then when it comes before the
Senate, it is every Senator's duty to look into the
whole circumstances connected with it. There
are propositions which come before us every ses-
sion which involve considerations that are fre-
quently not adverted to by the committee which
report them. Very frequently occasions arise
where questions involve different interests, and it is
difficult to know to which committee to refer them;
but because they are referred to one of the com-
mittees, does it, therefore, follow that we are to
lose sight of all the considerations which might
recommend their reference to another committee ?
Such a doctrine will not do for a moment. You
might as well shut your eyes to these questions at
once.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I shall vote with
a great deal of pleasure for the bill before the Sen-
ate. It comes from a committee of which I am a
member, and I would ask my friend from Georgia
whether, when a subject is referred to a commit-
tee by the Senate, it is not the appropriate duty of
that committee to report upon it. It was by the
action of the Senate that this subject was sent to
the Committee on Public Lands. The action of
the Senate, therefore, superinduced the duty, on
the part of that committee, of making such a re-
port as they believed proper in regard to it.
This is a national work of internal improve-
ment, and the amendment of my friend from
Michigan, instead of going in a roundabout way
to do what is to be done, proposes to appropriate
out of the public Treasury the public money to
do it. It recognizes the old doctrine—in favor of
which I have always been—of the power of the
General Government to appropriate the public
money for works of national importance. I rose
more particularly, however, to suggest that it is
all-important, as it seems to me, that we should
pass this bill at this time, not only for the reasons
assigned by my honorable friends from Michigan,
but for another reason—that, if it is not passed
now, it may be possible, looking to the future,
that we may have at the head of this Government
some one who would prevent its going into effect,
even if it were passed.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia inquired whether this bill had re-
ceived the sanction of any of the committees of
this body, except the Public Lands Committee.
He asked why it was not referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. I wish merely to state, that
it has been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. They have given their sanction to the bill
in a report here. It was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. That committee have
given their sanction to it, and their report provided
for the execution of the work by a grant of land,
which was the scope of their authority. It has
received the sanction of the War Department, as
is indicated by the report to which reference has
already been made. The President of the United
States, also, gave it his sanction in his message to
Congress, wnieh was alluded to by my colleague.
Mr. SMITH occupied the attention of the Sen-
ate for some time, in favor of the proposed canal,
showing its importance, and the great importance
of the region of country it would open to market.
He also commented upon the mineral resources
of that region, and their great value to the coun-
try. [For his remarks see Appendix.]
Mr. MASON. It is not contemplated, I sup-
pose, that we shall take a vote upon this bill to-
day.
Several Senators. " Oh, no !M *' Oh, no !"
Mr. CLARKE. There will be no vote taken
on this bill to-day, and I therefore move to post-
pone its further consideration till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. CLARKE. I now ask the favor of the
Senate to allow me to call up a resolution which I
offered yesterday, for the purpose of disposing of
it. It will not occupy one moment. It is a res-
olution in relation to a call for papers from the
Department of the Interior.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to report to the Senate, as soon as practicable, the rea-
sons for the recall of Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Graham,
from his position as chief astronomer of the Boundary Com-
mission, employed in determining the line between the
United Stales and the Republic of Mexico ; together with all
the papers connected with his appointment, the revocation
of that appointment, and the instructions given to him.
Also, that the Secretary of the Interior be further directed
to report to the Senate any instructions given or sent to
Andrew B. Gray, relating to the initial point upon the Rio
Grande, agreed upon by the commission, and the reasons
for the removal of the uaid Andrew B. Gray fiom his po-
sition ns surveyor upon the part of the United States npon
the said Boundary Commission.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; «nd, in doing so, I merely wish to
say that, since the introduction of that resolution,
I have ascertained that all the papers which I de-
signed to call for by that motion, were included in
a similar resolution, offered by the Senator from
California some time ago. To call for them again
would be a work of supererogation, and I there-
fore move to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. G-WIN. The unfinished business of yes-
terday is a bill to 44 authorize the payment by the
4 surveyor general of California for the survey of
'any claims which have been, or may be presented
* to the board of land commissioners for adjudica-
' tion under the act of Congress, approved 3d
