185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
* March, 1851, to ascertain and settle the private
'land claims in the State of California."
1 believe that is the next business in order to-
day; but, as it is now late, and as it is desirable
that we should have a shoit Executive session, I
will simply lemark, that if it leads to any further
discussion, I wjll move its postponement. I think,
however, that we can take a vote upon it to-day,
and I hope it may be taken up and disposed of.
I move that that bill be taken up.
Several Senators. No, no; it's too late; ad-
journ.
Mr. GWIN. If gentlemen are indisposed to
take up the bill, I will withdraw the motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. GWIN,theSenateproceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 22, 1852.
The House metateleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
284, " to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads passing through the public lands of
the United States."
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up and have passed Senate bill
No. 316, which is now upon the Speaker's table.
It is a bill entirely of a local character, and the in-
terests of the citizens concerned in it demand that
it shall be passed. I believe that if the House
will hear the bill read, there will not be a dissent-
ing voice to its passage.
Mr. DUNCAN. Will the gentleman state
what is the object of the bill he refers to?
Mr. CLARK. The object of the bill is merely
to relinquish to the town of Belleview,in the State
of Iowa, a certain narrow strip of land bordering
the Mississippi river. It is formed, in part, by ac-
cretions, and I suppose it does not amount to more
than three or four acres altogether. The object of
relinquishing it is to enable thecorporate authorities
to erect warehouses and wharves. Nobody is in-
terested in it except the citizens of the place. If
gentlemen will hear the bill read, I am sure they
will permit it to pass.
Mr. AVE RETT. Has the bill been referred
to any committee of this House?
The SPEAKER, it has not.
Mr. AVERETT. Then I object to its being
taken up.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn. The people of the town are waiting
the passage of this bill in order to build ware-
houses and wharves, which the commercial inter-
ests of the place absolutely require.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his objection?
Mr. AVERETT. I do not.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
Mr. HAMMOND. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the House to take up fiorn the Speaker's
table Senate bill No 358, for the purpose of having
it referred. It is a bill 14 directing a survey and
estimate of the cost of constructing a canal basin
at the terminus of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
at Georgetown."
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a bill 11 for the pro-
tection and settlement of the eastern frontier of
California," for the purpose of haying it referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Has previous notice been
given ?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; I have given no
notice of it.
Mr. STANLY. Then, sir, I object.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I insist on the
regular order of business.
EIGHT OF WAY TO PLANK AND RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is House bill No. 284, and the pending ques-
tion is on the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stu\rt.|
The bill as amended and the substitute [pub-
lished in yesterday's proceedings] were then read.
Mr. SMART called for the yeas and nays on the
substitute, and asked for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
'tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Olds and
Davis, of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported 23 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on agieeing to the
substitute; arid it was decided in the negative—
ayes 36, noes 81.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was rejected, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
several clerical errors in the bill were corrected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and was subsequently read the
third time.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?—
Mr. SMART called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. COBB, the title of the bill
was amended, by inserting after the word " plank"
the words " Macadamized turnpike."
CESSION OF CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to renew
the request which I made yesterday. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to enable me to
move that the Committeeof the Whole on thestate
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill to cede to the State of Ohio
the unfinished portion of the Cumberland road;
the State authorities desire to finish it. If the bill
is not taken up now, it cannot pass at this session.
Mr. B1SSELL. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to do with the bill ?
Mr. STANTON. I want the House to pass it.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I object.
Mr. STANTON. The State of Illinois got a
bill passed just like this.
Mr. RANTOUL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. OLDS. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
[Cries of u Read the resolution "']
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Rcsohed, That the Pre«ident of the United States be.
requested tn communicate to tins Ilou^e, so Jar as may, in
his opinion, be consistent with the public interest, all the
information in hit> po^e^jon relative to the right of vessels
of the United States to takp fish wilhirt three miles of the
coa«ts of the Briiinh North American Provinces, according
to the uniform practice under the convention of 1818, and
as to uny ord'T, i^ued, or any cruisers dispatched, or fitting
out by the Government of Great Britain, or by cither of
said Province^, for the purpose of interrupting said fishery ;
and also what measures, if any, have been taken by the
authority of the United States to protect such right of fish-
ery.
Mr. OLDS. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the House will pro-
ceed to the regular order of business.
Mr. OLDS. At the request of gentlemen around
me I will withdraw the objection.
The resolution was then again read and adopted.
HOSTILITIES ON THE FRONTIERS.
Mr. OLDS. I ask for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
the bill authorizing the Government to furnish
arms to the citizens upon our frontiers.
Mr. OLDS. I cannot consent. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman hear what
the bill is, and then object?
Mr. OLDS. But I shall be compelled to object
to any other than the regular order of business.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the House will allow
me a word in explanation of the object of this bill.
The House sometime ago passed a bill authorizing
the Government to supply the citizens upon our
frontiers with arms for their own protection. The
bill was sent to the Senate, where it received a
small amendment, authorizing the President, in
certain cases, to call out the militia there for the
protection of the frontier. With that amendment
the bill is now returned to the House. The re-
cent and the latest accounts show the greatest
possible necessity for the passage of this bill, as
the Indians and Mexicans upon the frontiers of
Texas are committing the most horrible outrages,
and there is the utmost necessity that this bill
should be immediately passed. 4 ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take that bill from
the Speaker's table, with a view of concurring in
the slight amendment made by the Senate.
[Cries of " Aareed!"]
Mr. STANTON", of Ohio. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to thegentleman to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BISSELL. I am sure if any gentleman
will read the latest accounts from the frontier of
Texas, he will not object to thepassage of the bill,
i have no interest whatever myself in the matter,
but the necessity of the case demands that the bill
should be passed immediately. I think no gen-
tleman objects.
Mr. STANTON. I objected; and I do not
withdraw my objection.
SPRINGFIELD AND TERRE HAUTE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 289,
granting the right of way and a portion of the
public lands to the States of Indiana and Illinois
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Spring-
field, Illinois, to Terre Haute, Indiana. The
pending motion is to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and also with-
draw the motion to recommit; and in order to get
a vote upon the merits of the bill, I move to put
it upon its passage; and upon that motion I call
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment, and let the bill
be postponed for a week or two, in order to see
what the Senate may do with the land bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I would willingly do that,
but I suppose the motion to postpone is not in
order. 1 ask the Chair whether it is competent
for me to move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
during the pendency of the call for the previous
question.
A Member. Let the call for the previous ques-
tion be withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to withdraw the call.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I insist upon the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, and ask the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, the result was—yeas 61, nays
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, Ashe,
Averctf, Dabcock, Barrere, Barflett, John H. Boyd, Bragg,
Caskie, Ohastain, Cleveland, George T. DavH. Daw>o ,
Diminick, Duncan, Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gavlord, Hamilton, Hammond, T.-liam G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hawaii, Hibbard, Hor*ford, John W.
Howe, Daniel T. Jones, Georse W. Joncf*, Georcc G. King,
Preston Kins, Kurtz, Letcher, ilfann, Martin, Mason, Mc-
Lanahan, Mc&ueen, Meade, Million, Morehead. Murray,
Newton, Perkm-, Reed, Bobbins, Ross, Savage, On^en 8.
Seymour, Skclton, Smith, Thaddeus Steven*., Suthetland,
Venable, Wallace, Washburn, Wildrick, and Woodward
—€J.
NAYS—Messrs. Willi? Allen, Bis«ell, Bowne, Brig^s,
Albert G Brown, George H. Brown, BiMiy, E Carrington
Cabell. Caldwell, Lewi" D. Campbell, Thompson Camp-
bell, Cartter, Clark, Clintfinan, Cobb, Cullotn, J G. Dav>s,
Doty, Eastman, Fieklin, Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Good-
enow, Goodrich, Gre^n, Grey, Harper, Hart, Hebard, Hen-
dricksHenn, Howard, T. M. Howe, Jackson, Jame.s John-
son. John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kuhns. Landry,
Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Miller, Miner, Mb-
lony, John Moore, Nahers, Old*, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Rantoul, Sackett, Schcrmerhorn,
Scurry, David L. Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens. St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Taylor, Towns
hend, Walbridsr**. Wals-h, Ward, Waikins, Addison White,
Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—78.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
