185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
wrong in that? It is no part of my purpose to
assert the doctrines of secession here. 1 deny
the right of secession by act of Congress, or at
the volition of Congressmen. I deny the right
of members of Congress to dissolve this Union.
I am that far a Union man, certainly. I there-
fore consider all debate here upon that doctrine
as out of place and out of order. But I beg
leave to state to the gentlemen who stand upon
the Georgia platform, that after having denounced
their own Southern brethren as traitors for debat-
ing the right of secession, for the surrender of
their equal rights in a golden empire, it ill becomes
them to declare for a " disruption of the Union,"
for the sake of a runaway negro. I would humbly
ask, whether those m Virginia, who were so dis-
trustful of the powers granted in the Constitution,
that even the magic milueneeof Washington could
not induce them to ratify it unless it was expressly
stipulated, that if they were to be perverted to our
injury, we should have power to resume our
original sovereignty, are now to be publicly de-
nounced as traitors >
This measure now before us professes to have
for its object to give lands to the landless. Now,
sir, from the bottom of my heart, I do deprecate
all class legislation, especially by this Government,
whether under thecontro! ofWhigs or Democrats.
What right have we to classify our people ? Is it
not one of our fundamental doctrines that no ex-
clusive privileges, or emoluments, or immunities,
shall be granted except in consideration of public
service? I will say to my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] who I do not now see, but who is
an advocate of this homestead -system, that if he
will look into the constitution of his own State, he
will find it there provided, that exclusive privi-
leges and emoluments shall not be granted except
in consideration of public service. Now, what
public service is it that entities the beneficiaries,
under this bill, to one hundred and sixty acres of
land? None whatsoever. Its benefits are denied
to me and my children—to yon, sir, and your
children—to all who will not quit their homes, and
swear they have sold no lands to obtain its ben-
efits.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. I wish to set
the gentleman ritfht. He says that this bill is for
the benefit of the poorer class of citizens only,
and that it denies the same benefits to him and to
his children. If the gentleman will turn his at-
tention to the first section of the bill, and then read
the section offered in lieu of it by myself, he will
find that no such principle is embraced in it.
Mr. AVERETT. It is not worth while to try
to dodge the questions and principles realiy at
issue. The gentleman's own hill, as originally
presented, expressly provided, if I recollect right,
that in order to obtain its benefits, you must swear
that you have no lands, and that you have sold no
lands for that purpose. They may dodge until
doomsday, but the practical result will be the same;
to wit: to take that belonging to the whole, and
give to a favored class of the community 
[Here a message was received from the Sen-
ate, at the hands of Asbury Dickins, their Secre-
tary.]
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) The bill was
introduced, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture, without any such provision in it. The
committee reported it back, with an amendment of
that sort, and there is an amendment pending, m
lieu of the whole section, embracing no such pro-
vision. And if the gentleman will permit me to
ask him a question, to which I wish an answer, it
seems to me that it will set this whole constitutional
point light. I ask the gentleman how it is, that
under the solemn sanction of an oath, he can vote
to grant twenty millions of acrcs of land to sep-
arate States, excluding others, worth $25,000,000,
and at the same time cannot vote one hundred and
sixty acres of land to an individual ?
Mr. AVERETT. I will answer it. I do not
know whether the friends of this bill are going to
convict me of usurpation or not, in voting for the
swamp land bill of the last Congress. Be that a3
it may, I have my friend [Mr. Johnson] upon
the stool of repentance. He has backed out from
his original bill, in favor of which he spoke so
earnestly. He now backs out from the swearing
clause. Well, so far so good. I sincerely hope
that further reflection will bring him, as " the poor
man's friend," to the conclusion that it is best for
all to back out from the whole scheme.
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) I under-
stand 
Mr. AVERETT. Hear my argument before
you put a construction upon it. i find you are
taking the same latitude as my friend Irom Ohio,
[Mr. ritviihrsLii.] [Laughter.] It is much easier
to repeat teims than to understand unpalatable
truths. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON made some remarks in refer-
ence to swamp lands, which were not understood
by the Repoiter, his back being turned towards
the Reporter.
Mr. AVERETT. I answer with the utmost
frankness in regard to the giving of the swamp
lands to the States on the Mississippi. The gen-
tleman says that I, having voted for, or approved
of that, have no right to come out here and raise
objections to this bill. Suppose I did commit an
usurpation there, does that make this thing right,
when you cannot show a tittle of power in the
Constitution to do it?
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) I wanted to
show who are the latitudinarians in practice.
Mr. AVERETT. The public lands are vested
in Congress, as trustees for the United States.
We hold them for the States. It was represented
to us—and if I voted wrong I was cheated by
the functionaries of the Government here, whose
province it was to survey those lands—it was rep-
lesented to us by gentlemen upon this floor, who
pledged tlicir words to me personally, before I
voted for the bill, that those lands were not only
valueless, but were nuisances to the surrounding
country, and that the good lands around them
were worth nothing while those swamp lands re-
mained unreclaimed.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I only want to
say, that so far as Missouri is concerned, that is
exactly true m regard to the swamp lands in that
State.
Mr. AVERETT. I am much obliged to my
fiiend from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.] My friends
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] and from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Moore,] and others, gave me the same
assurance. And so far as I can learn, those swamp
lands are covered with water,and are the hotbeds
of pestilence. 1 deny the right of the General
Government to improve the rivers and harbots for
the States, or anything of that sort; but when the
States come here and ask me to allow them to re-
claim those lands that are now valueless, and are
rendering good lands \alueless, I say I will not do
it myself, but I give my assent that they may do
it, and I am not ashamed of that. 1 cheerfully
said to them, You may ditch those lands, dram
them, dyke them, or do anything else you choose
with them. I think, in doing that, I was acting
the part of a faithful fiduciary, looking to the right
and interest of the United States, in the public
domain. If I was not, however,it does not affect
the argument at all. 1 do not believe in that sort
of political molality which will make a right out
of a wrong, and make you less and less a sinner,
in proportion to the number of sins you commit.
That id the fashionable political morality of the
day. Drive a schemer to the wall; pin him down
to the Constitution, and convict him of usurpation,
and he seeks absolution m some imputed act or
opinion of General Washington, or Mr. Adams,
Mr. Monroe, or somebody else. That is not my
political creed. Convict me of usuipation, and I
will ask pardon of my God and of my country,
and I will do so no more. But because I have
given a vote which the gentleman fiom Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] doubts—a "vote allowing Missouri
and Arkansas and Louisiana to take and reclaim
swamp lands which nobody can live upon 
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting,) made a remark
inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. AVERETT. If you will bring in all the
beneficiaries of your homestead bill, and give them
a fee-simple in these swamp lands, I presume iny
friend from Missouri, and the State which he, in
part, represents, would cheerfully acquiesce.
Mr. HALL. Certainly 1 would.
Mr. AVERETT. He answers that he would.
And Arkansas and Louisiana would doubtless do
the same.
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) Altogether, I
think $25,000,000 is worth getting.
Mr. AVERETT. The public lands belong to
the United States. The Constitution gives Con-
gress power to "dispose of, and make all needful
rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property of the United States." But they
do not stop now at needful; who ever dream's,now
of-needfut? I rememoer a Quakeress—a benevo-
lent Quakeress—who came heie with a petition,
before Congress, to make a donation of public
lands to the States. For what? Why, to cure
insanity. Well, if a donation of the public do-
main has been ascertained to be a specific for men-
tal alienation, I think the first dose ought to be
administered to Congress.
But, seriously, where is the power given, in the
Constitution, to take jurisdiction over the insane?
Where do you find the power in the Constitution
to wre insanity ?
To show how this latitudinous doctrine is ex-
tended, I will allude to the arguments used m sup-
port of Miss Dix's bill to cure insanity with land.
When my friend [Mr. Bissell] came*to make his .
argument at the instigation of the benevolent Qua-
keress, what was it? Why he defied ns to show
that there was anything in the Constitution to for-
bid the passage of her bill! Yes, with an air of
triumph, he said, [ defy any man to show in the
Constitution of the United States any power that
forbids us to do thus and so with the public do-
main. Well, we msght have met the gentleman
upon his own doctrine. But really I had thought
as a Democrat, that before the constitutionality of
a measure could be established, that it was incum-
bent upon the friends of that measure to show the
grant of the power in the Constitution. Now, I
ask, is the contrary the doctrine of the Democracy
in this the day of 4' progressIf so, Mr. Chair-
man, I am no Democrat. You of the Granite
State, and I of Old Virginia, never learned any
such Democracy as that. No, it is incumbent upon
the friends of a measure to show^that the power
to carry out that measure is given in the Constitu-
tion.
But, as I said before, T might have met the gen-
tleman [Mr. Bissell] upon his own ground. The
Constitution forbids the exercise of any power
that is not granted, and that is not necessary to
the carrying outof a^ranted power. And i repeat,
that the power to cure insanity is not expressed in
the Constitution. No man can pay that such a
power is necessary in the performance of any
legitimate function of this Government. It is,
therefore, not only unauthorized, but prohibited.
Sir, you might as well give the public lands to the
overseers of thepooi of Halifax, in my district, as
to Miss Dix. The power is not vested in you to
do either. It is an outrage upon the genius of our
institutions, to make this Go\emment a board of
overseers of the poor. Think of it! Do we sit
here to dispense charities? If so, you pamper
Government pets who haunt your Halls, and, %
either in person or by proxy, seek special favors
at your hands. Sir, i represent a rural district—
a tax-paying, not a tax-consuming constituency,
who have never been beggars at the footstool of this
Government. In pampering your pets, you rob the
people whom I serve; and as their Representative,
i solemnly protest against your homestead bill,
and every other measure of a like character. The
pets of the Government, and those in their ser-
vice, who lounge about the capital, and metro-
politan hotels, are exerting an efficient and dele-
terious influence, through the public press and
otherwise, upon the legislation of the country—
State and national'. These are the men who will
be benefited by your sitting here to perform the
functions of overseers of the poor. In the name
of God, where do you get the constitutional power
or the means to administer charity ? This Govern-
ment " neither toils nor spins:" it earns nothing,
but squanders millions! Whence come those
millions? That is the question. That question,
if my humble voice shall be heard, shall go forth
to the tax-paying, toiling multitude. They shall
see to whom, how, and at whose expense, your
charities are administered. When you go to one
of the pretended beneficiaries of your homestead
bill—a homeless widow—no sir, no such word-
no honest person in this wide country is home-
less. When you go to the sons of a poor widow,
living in the old piny lands of Virginia or Mary-
land, or any other part of the United States, and
ask them to vote upon a measure administering
charity by this Government, I hope they will-learn
enough about the matter to tell you indignantly
that vou are " robbing Peter" under the pietense
of jriViwff to Paul, when in truth you are robbing
both. To enable you to riot in governmental
