1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. YATES demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Fowler and Ashe were ap-
pointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 63.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. DOTY. I wish to offer an amendment to
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition in the na-
ture of an additional section?
Mr. DOTY, it is designed as an addition to
the last section of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the further consideration of the whole subject
for two weelis ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move that the bill,
with the proposed amendment, be postponed for
two weeks.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask that the amendment
may be read, so that we may have some knowl-
edge of what we are acting upon.
The amendment was then read,as follows:
That to ijd in the construction of the railroads herein-
after mentioned there fehall be and hereby is5 granted to the
States hereinafter named, respectively, all the rights, privi-
leges, and liabilities conferred by the preceding sections of
this act, on tho States of Indiana and Illinois; and that
publ ic lands of the United States to the same extent, in pro-
portion to the length of the road, on the same terms, limita-
tions and reductions in every respect shall be and hereby
are granted to each of the said States hereinafter named,
respectively, for the benefit of the road or roads described*
viz r ?
To the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, for a railroad
f.->m Toledo, in Ohio, by Logansport and Layfayette, in
Tndtatia, and by Peoria, in Illinois, to Burlington; from
Cincinnati, in Ohio, by Vineennes, to Sr. Louis; and from
Louisville, by Mount Carmel, on the nearest practicable
ronte, to a point on said last-mentioned road, tn Illinois.
To the States of MNsonii and Arkansas, for a railroad
t«-om a point on the Mississippi river opposite Cairo, by
Little Hoc k, to a point on the Texan boundary, in Arkansas,
with branches from Little Rock to Fort Smith, and to a
point on the Mississippi river, to be designated by the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas.
To the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, for a railroad
fiom New Orleans, by the way of Jackson and Canton, in
Mississippi, thence to connect, by the nearest and best
route, with the proposed Nashville and New Orleans rail-
road j (ruin Now Orl«atw, by Opelousas, to the Texas line ;
and Irorii a point opposite to Vicksburg to Shrevoport, and
thence to the boundary of Texap.
To the State* of Mississippi and Alabama, for a railroad
from Brandon, in Mississippi, to Montgomery, in Alabama.
To tho State of Wisconsin, for a railroad from Chicago,
by Woodstock., Jancsville, and Fond du Lac, to Lake Su-
Oroix, and thence to the Mississippi river, in the Terntoiy
of Minnesota, with a branch to Fond du Lac on Luke
Superior.
To the State of Iowa, for railroads from Dubuque to
Keokuck, and from Davenport, Dubuque, and Burlington,
on the Mississippi river, upon the best and mo t direct
routes to the Missouri river—the points of termination to be
selected bv the Legislature of the State of Iowa.
To the State of Michigan, for a railroad from Zihvaukee,
on Saginaw river, by the head of Grand Traverse Hav, to
Mackinaw; from Pontiac, to the mouth of Grand river;
and from port Huron on the river St. Clair, acro^ the Pen-
insula of Mk higun, to Lake Afichigan.
To the State of California, for a railroad from  S,m Fran-
cisco to San Jose.
To the Slates of Alabama and Mississippi, for a railroad
from Charleston, in ."-'until Caiolina, to Memphis, on the
Mississippi.
To tho States of Indiana and Illinois, for a railroad from
Lafayette, in Indiana, by Middleport, in Illinois, to La Salle
county.
To the Stale of Florida, for a railroad and branch from a
certain point near the Atlantic ocean, in Florida, across the
said State, to a certain other point or points on the Gulf of
Mexico, in said State ; ihe said points, and the route of the
said road (#id branch, to be designated by the authority of
the said State; and al-o, to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama,for a railroad from a certain point on Pensaeola Bay,
in Florida, to Montgomery, in Alabama, (with a branch from
the said loadtoa point at or near the terminus of the Girard
and Mobile on the wateis of Mobile Bay or Tensaw
river, in the said Stite of Alabama.) the route of said road
a'id branch to be designated by the authority of the said
States, respectively.
To the Stare of Alabama,for the Alabama and Tennessee
river railroadj leading frnju Selma to the Tennessee river,
at or near Gunter's Landing,
Also, for the Winchester atjd Tennessee river railroad,
leading from Winchester to the Tennessee river, at or near
Deposit, in the State of Alabama.
And the routes of the satd roads shall be on the most
direct and feasible lines between the places named, and in
ail case3 where the said routes, or either of them, are not
now located and determined, the proper authority of each
State, respectively, through which said roads, or parts
thereof, run, or to which the preceding grants are made,
shall determine the same. And all'mineral lands, except-
ing those subjeet by law to private entry, are hereby-ex-
pressly reserved to the United States from the lands hereby J
granted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a quee- !
tion of order. The amendment, I think, is cer- !
tainly not in order, for the reason that the bill un- !
der consideration is for a particular object, and '•
this amendment is to introduce a general system !
applicable to other States in which the public lands '
lie, and the Chair will recollect that it lias been .
held in this House uniformly, I believe, that a j
pension bill, for instance  |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting.) j
I must call the gentleman to order. He cannot '
debate the matter. |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman^s stating his
point of order, and after the decision of the Chair i
is made, the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John- i
son] may appeal.
Mr. JONES. I was stating what had been the
uniform practice of the House.
Mr. DOTY. I wish to remind the Chair of the
decision the Chair made, in the case ot" the bill [
reported for a railroad in Wisconsin by the Com- '
mittee on Public Lands, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole. A gentleman from Ken-
tucky was allowed, and decided by the Speaker
to be in order, to move an amendment in favor of
a railroad in Kentucky, and a general grant of
land. The question is therefore decided."
The SPEAKER. Was that during tho pres-
ent session ?
Mr. DOTY. It was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect it.
Mr. DOTY. Mr. Gret, of Kentucky, made
the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is a further
amendment in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. There is a question of order
pending, upon the amendment already proposed.
The bill, as the Chair understands it, proposes to
appropriate lands, and to give the right of way to
the States of Indiana and Illinois. This proposed
amendment is to extend precisely the same privi-
leges, as the Chair understands, to other States, i
Mr. TAYLOR. To what other States?
The SPEAKER. The number I do not recol-
lect, but there are several. In a word, the effect >
of the amendment is to convert a bill for a special I
purpose, into very nearly a general bill, embracing :
almost all, if not all, the States of the Union, in
which public lands lie. The Chair is inclined to
overrule the questien of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] The Chair i
confesses that he has some doubts. !
PUBLIC PRINTING. !
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 wish fo in- j
quire if the morning hour is out? i
TheSPEAKER. It is. I
Mr. DOTY. 1 move to recommit the bill, to
which 1 offered the amendment which has just !
been read, to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentieman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] has the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Is not the first business in
order the report of the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in the
House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Would it bp in order
to move to recommit the bill which we have just
had under consideration, to the Committee' on
Public Lands?
The SPEAKER, it would lie in order, if the
gentleman can get the floor for that pumose.
Mr. STANTON. If I do not lose my privilege
to the floor, I will yield to that motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the morning
hour has expired, I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour is out.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. STANTON. As I have the floor, I will
make the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question'of order. Is it competent to make that
motion, while a motion to postpone to a day cer-
tain, is pending?
The SPEAKER. It is not only- competent, but
the Chair thinks it takes precedence*, but he will
turn to the rules. The 46th rule reads:
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjourn, to lift on the table, for the previous
question, to postpone to a day certain, to commit or am^nd,
to postpone Indefinitely; which several motions shall have
precedence in the order in which they are arranged," &.c.
The Chair thinks that the motion to recommit
is not in oider.
Mr. STE VENS. I was under the impres-
sion that it was not, until the other moiion was
decided, However, the Chair will determine.
TheSPEAKER. The motion to postpone to a
day certain takes precedence.
Mr. KING, of New York. Then the motion
to commit is not in order?
The SPEAKER.. It is not.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The first bus-
iness in order is the report of the Committee on
| Printing-. The chairman cf that committee is ne-
! cessarily absent, and 1 move to postpone the con-
sideration of that business until to-morrow, when
! lie will be here.
| ^ Mr. KING. My colleague over the way, [Mr.
j Jenkins,] who offered a substitute f r :he bill re-
j ported by the Committee on Priming, .** obliged to
; be absent to-morrow, and for a few Ojys. If it
j is to be postponed on account of the ^entlema.i
! from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] the chairman of the
i committee, being absent, 1 sui>ge?t that, it le post-
i poned for a still longer time, say umd the latter
part of next week, My co-league can say when
he will be back.
Mr. STANTON.
reasonable time.
Mr. KING. Then f suggest o week from Mon-
day next. It can be taken up at any time by unan-
imous consent, at an earlier period.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot consent to so long-
a delay. I have no objection to have its consiti-
, erution postponed until "next Monday,
i Mr. KING. My colleague will net be back
i then. I will inquire of the Chair, if it will not be
in order to bring* this matter up at any tune, if it
. is not postponed ?
The SPEAKER. It* the House does not post-
I pone it.
' Mr. KING. If it is not postponed it remains
; the business first in order in the House, after the
morning hour?
, The SPEAKER. It does.
; Mr. iSTANTON. I will modify my motion,
and move to postpone its; consideration until Mon-
i day, instead of to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to postpone it until
Tuesday next.
I Mr. JENKINS.
; this day week.
i The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the longest time.
The question was then taken upon the motion of
Mr. Jenkins, to postpone the consideration of the
whole matter until Thursday next, and it, wus
agreed to.
i nave no oojecuon to any
i move to postpone it until
j thomas Ritchie's claim.
Mr. STANTON. I am in^tructtd by the Com-
I mittee on Priming for the Mouse, who have had
, under consideration the rriemou\il of Thomas
i Ritchie, on the subject of public printing*, propos-
ing a reduction of fifty per cent, upon the prices
: of 1819, as tiie prices by which he proposes that
j his accounts shall be settled, to make a report upon
! that subject. My object in presenting* a report
i now is merely that it may be prmted; and I will,
in addition to the motion to print, move to post-
. pone the consideration of it until this day three
1 weeks.
Toe SPEAKiL.!(,. tne report nj the shape of
a bill or a joint resolution ?
Mi*. STjAN iOiN. In the shape of a joint reso-
lution.
_ The resolution was then read a first time by its
title, as follows:
"Joint resolution pfondir.g a settlement with Thorm*
Ritchie, assignee of William M. Selt, for primus m tbe
Thirty-first Congress,"
Mr. STANLY. I should like to know how that
report gets before the House r
The SPEAKER. Tt comes from the Commit-
tee on Printing, which has txie privilege of report-
ing at any time.
Mr. STANLY. I raise the question of order,
that that committee has no jurisdiction over thf
subject. That is a private claim, the Com-
mittee on PrinKng has no jurisdiction o\eritat
all.
Mr. STANTON. I have simply to say that
