1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
extravagance, and dispense your charities, you tax
the poor widow and laborer at the rate of thirty
cents in every dollar of their dealings in sugar,
salt, working tools, cooking; utensils, and almost
everything else for food, raiment, or luxury, that
comes from abroad. Yes, sir, thirty cents in the
dollar of our dealings in goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, is the rate at which we pay for Federal
charity and munificence!
Sir, under the pretenseof being the {< poor man's
friend,"you tax him upon almost everything that
he eats, drinks, and wears, at the rate of thirty
cents in the dollar. Yes, ?ir, you tax his plough-
share, his food and raiment, while he lives, the
winding sheet which shrouds him when he dies,
and the spade that digs his grave, thirty cents in
the dollar—and thus you get the means of pamper-
ing your pets, and dispensing your charities. Sir,
the poor laborer who lives by the sweat of his
brow, will spurn your charities.
Mr. Chairman, I have no confidence in those
who set up here, as "friends of the poor." I
was born poor, I was raised poor, and I am not
rich now. My vocation through an arduous life
has thrown me into close association with the
poor. I have been a country physician, and every
one who knows anything of that profession, is
aware of the close connection which exists between
the physician and his patient. I have had inti-
mate association with the poor, and I take this oc-
casion to say, that I have found m their midst some
of the very best men and women I ever knew. I
tell you, Mr. Chairman, that there is a deep-rooted
feeling growing out amongst the toiling multitude
founded upon an undeniable, startling fact, which
nothing but your underhanded, vitiating legisla-
tion can hide from the eyes of the intelligent com-
munity—and that fact is this—that those who con-
tribute most to the wealth of the country live the
hardest, and enjoy the least of that wealth. I tell
Eou that feeling is agrowmg one 1 call upon rnv
emocratic friends, instead ofgomgofFhalf-cocked
upon the idea of betng the especial friends of the
poor, to demonstrate by what practical operation
\ his feeling existing amongst them has arisen. It
is owing to the fact that your$50,000,000 and odd
expended by you yearly, are abstracted from the
labor and property of the country . It is abstuicted
by your indirect system of taxation in the form of
a high tariff, and by pampering, and sustaining
your legislative pets, in the form of banks, manu-
facturing and other corporations. Those millions
are from the earnings of the labor of the toiling
multitude. They are from the property and the
labor of the country. Do not let us be mistaken
about this matter. 1 do not wish to charge bad
motives to any one. i have no doubt that some
of those who profess feeling for the poor are actu-
ated by good motives. They arc, however, going
the wrong course to benefit the poor. If you
would befriend the poor, leave them free to enjoy
their powers and faculties of mind and body—and
keep the hands of your tax-gatherers out of their
pockets. Let them alone.'x
Mr. Chairman, I have been so frequently inter-
rupted, that i fear my speech will appear very in-
congruous. I complain notof those interruptions,
because 1 submitted to them at the time, and "J
acquiescu nou;," but I hope I may be allowed the
few minutes remaining to me, uninterruptedly, to
say what I intended to say. I hope—uilemiptcd
as I have been; confused, and, perhaps, incongru-
ous as my remarks may appear—that I have made
myself sufficiently understood, and have made the
committee understand, and the reporters under-
stand—the reporters, whose general a^cuiacv has
astonished me, amid the confusion of this Hall 
the grounds upon which I oppose tins homestead
bill, and all kindred propositions. I have taken
the ground that the right of property in the public
domain was u right in which no exclusion could
be adopted by Congress without a violation of the
Constitution, and a warfare against the principles
of our institutions. 1 have taken the ground that
the public domain is the property of all; and the
further ground that the srant in the Constitution
of the United States, of the power to make nil
needfulrules and regulations respecting; the terri-
tory or other property of the United States, could
not confer upon this Government any power or
function not expressed in the Constitution, or ne-
cessary to carry out the powers expressly granted
. in that instrument. I hope that I am understood.
I hope that my friends who have gone off half-
cocked—with all due deference to them—will con-
sider the question again. Can the fact, that Vir-
ginia ceded her northwest territory, and that other
: States ceded lands which they had acquired by
! their blood and their treasure, give to this Con-
i gress—which is vested only with the power to
; make needful rules and regulations in regard to
lands and other property of the United States—
; any functions not to be found in the Constitution?
i Mr. BALL. No.
Mr. AVERETT. You say no. Stand to that;
i but I am afraid you will back out when you come
up with some of your Missouri bills. Now, 1
: utterly deny—and I proclaim that it is a growing
heresy—that the power to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
' property of the United States, gives us tne power
to engage in matters which were not only not
j granted, but expressly repudiated and refused by
' the Convention which framed the Constitution.
! The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Churcii-
1 wki.j.J conies in here with a bill, not a homestead
i bill, but a common-school bill—a bill to make use
I of these public lands for the purpose of prose-
■ cuting a system of common-school education,
j Well, 1 think it will be found as difficult to show
| a power in the Constitution to teach our children
1 their A B C's, as it will be to show a power to
j support our poor, or a power to cure the insane,
, with our public lands. Where is such a power to
! be found in the Constitution ? Would Patrick
Henry, would General Washington, or would
; even Alexander Hamilton, have functioned the
power to make this Government a board of over-
seers of the poor, or the boaul of common-school
education > The absurdity of conferring the power
upon ibis Government of curing nisamty with the
public lands, oi teaching our children their A B C's,
S through the instrumentality of the public lands, is
■ superlatively ridiculous. 1 beg you gent'emen
who have taken your position upon this question—
i have no interest m this matter individually—I
beg1 you reconsider the principles which he at the
bottom of this lull, and you will find the princi-
ples subversive of our nihututiom:, if they are car-
ried out. As I have before said, and I wish to
i impress it upon you, this Government " neither
; toils nor spins;" it earns nothing, but it squanders
I millions; it disburses and consumes taxes at the
; expense of the toiling multitudes. The interests
1 of the property holders and honest laborers are
identical. And here I beg my friends who look
, to the interests of their children, who really value
our institutions as our fathers handed them down
to us, to considei this one thing. There is an ef-
| foit to at ray the poor laborer against the capital-
ist and the property holder, it is an unrighteous
: warfare. I stand upon the position, as L stated
before, that the interest of the honest laborer is
identical with that of the property holder, so fur as
i the functions of this Government are concerned.
The property holder wants secmify m the en-
joyment of that which belongs to him. and m the
assurance that that which he has aerumukred and
1 husbanded by his frugality and indtu'!iy, v.ill be
1 enjoyed by those nearest and deaicst to him.
i The poor man, on his death-bed, finds consolation
in the reflection that be leaves hit* penniU-ss chil-
dren in a land of equal rights and equal laws; and
that, penniless though they be, they may, with
industry, economy, and the blessing of God, rise
to the highest point of prosperity—yea, to the
highest pinnacle of fame! Sir, yon have seen
little children fighting for their playthings: you
have seen the little boy fighting for his toy, whi^h
has been mischievously wiesfed from him " ir
is mix!.!*' cues the little fellow, "when j-eiklng h-s
own. 1 would say to mothers, fa'l.'OM, voters,
chet ish the sp;t it of that httle fellow. D-m't allow
it to be bribed orcorrupted by governmental fravd ;
don't allow it to be down-trodden by governmental
power !
.Mr. Chairman, there me certain indications of
pending mischief, which every ^atiu.t ought to
nerve himself to the courage of res:st<ng at the
hazard of his popularity or anything e^se. I an-
neal, sir, to the Whigs and Democrars upon this
"floor, and more especially to my DemocsaLc
friends, to put then hands upon theit heaitsand
say whether they are prepared to perform utuler-
  —    - - — - standingly, all the functions that ate actually
*The preceding remarks were delivered on Wednesday, j, required of us, to keep the wheels of this Govern-
ment in motion. I hope the question is under-
standable, and I hope it will be duly considered.
j It is matter of notoriety that the functions of this
i Government have become so complicated, and
! those who are seeking especial benefits atits hands
are so numerous, that the time of members of Con-
gress, of the President and his subordinates is so
monopolized by those seeking such benefits of
this Government, that they can scarcely perform
i the duties with which they are intrusted. Is not
] that a matter of notoriety?—and what should it
I teach us? Why, sir, it should teach us, instead
j of coming in here with the homestead bul; instead
; of coming in here with a proposition founded upon
! the idea of making this Government a board of
i chanty, that you should simplify the functions of
J Government, and be stingy, stringent—cautious in
exercising even the powers expressly conferred
j upon you.
' I appeal to honest men of all parties, who be-
: lieve in our institutions, and desire to perpetuate
i them m their purity, to stand up manfully against
! those who, by schemes like these, are seeking
! the high places in Government. It has become
i absolutely necessary to simplify the functions of
! government, else its functionaries will become ab-
; solutely irresponsible. We may have an exalted
i government—exalted in corruption—but we shall
| become a degraded and oppressed people.
1 1 have been charged with being a disunionist,
but I do not caie about it in the least, I assure
veil. My constituents understand me; they sent
me here, and I am not in any way responsible for
my opinions to this House. But I tell you that
every element of destruction lies in the assump-
tion of power by this Government, which js not
1 granted in the Constitution by the complication of
! its functions, and the consequent irresponsibility
[ of its functionaries. Can you make your President
i responsible for moneys expended, however unne-
i cousinly r It seems not—but lie ought to be
' held responsible; and it seems to me that such
a system of irresponsibility is insufficient for
the public good. Can you hold your functiona-
ries responsible? You cannot understand their
■ functions. You cannot examine, and ascertain,
! and satisfy youiself, as to the manner in which
these duties are performed by them. One thing,
: however, is certain, that the toiling multitude, the
i tax-paying community, will understand the tax
S consumption, which is about $50,000,000 or
i $60,000,000. I wish to impress upon this House
1 and the people, the strong, impeiative necessity
which exists for curtailing the taxing power, and
! handing no taxes out of then* pockets except for
. the authorized purposes of the Government, as as-
l certained by the written Constitution. Make this
Government a board of overseers of the poor!
Great God! Did not my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] when he was asked the question,state that
the cost of collecting these taxes was upwards of
seven and a half per cent.? You lay a'duty and
tax upon everything*that men, women, or children
eat, drink, and enjoy—upon everything that comes
from abroad—at the rale of thirty cents in the dol-
lar, and you charge seven and a half for collecting
that tax. Let u go home to the people. It will
tell upon those who have been broken by their
I dealings with merchants m goods. They will un-
■ derstand your taxing system, although your taxes
; are concealed under the hieroglyphic cost-marks
! of merchants. Although you make use of the soft
fingers of your merchants m getting taxes, let it
, go home to the people, that yourtaxes are exacted
; from the rich and the poor; and I boldly say that
^ your t ixes are especially oppress] ve upon the poor,
because nodes your system of taxation a man is
, not taxed always wording to what he owns, nor
according to his ability to pay, but very often on
quite a oontuiry rule, for your tax-payer pays in
proportion to the number of children he has to
feed and clothe. Evcy man who drives a plow-
share, who wields a hammer and broad-axe, any
man who has a wife and children to support, will
feel this. I see my friend from Indiana [Mr.
, Durham] is not m his seat; but he argued that if
our people be settled upon our western lauds, they
would become better Ux-payers, and that, there-
fore, the Government would be gainer. Well,
Mr. Chairman, I have no wish to increase the
gains of the Government. But, sir, I humbly
conceive that the gentleman is wrong in fact, as
; we'l as in principle. A man or woman in Vir-
ginia—in New York—or anywhere else, in the
