108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
read a first and second time by its title, and, with
the various petitions heretofore presented upon
this subject, now on the files of the House, was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
iyTr. KING, of New York, asked permission to
offer a resolution.
Mr. EYANS objected, and called for the regu-
lar order of business.
RESERVED LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice nad been given, to
relinquish to the State of Iowa lands reserved for
salt springs therein; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. H. I have also a resolution which I wish
to offer, and I hope that it may be put upon its
passage immediately, as it is a matter of import-
ance to my constituents. It is a resolution, I ap-
prehend, that will not be objected to by any one.
Mr. EVANS. I object.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. HENN. I have also another bill which I
wish to introduce, and of which previous notice
has been jjiven. It is a bill creating three addi-
tional land districts in the State of Iowa.
Mr. TAYLOR objected to its introduction.
*On motion by Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George Simpler), praying
compensation for vessels lost in the public service during
the late war with Mexico, Ue taken from the files and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. EVANS objected.
Mr. PHELPS asked the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice had been given.
Mr. TUCK objected.
Mr. MH.LER presented a petition from sundry
citizens of IVIonroe country, Missouri, praying:
lor the establishment of a mail route from Paris,
throughShelbyville,to Newark,Missouri; referred
to the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, the petition of Robert Nelson for leave to
•change an entry of land; referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, gave notice that
he would to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill
for the improvement of the Rock Island and Des
Moines Rapids on the Mississippi river.
Mr. MOLONY presented the petitions of D.
Olapp and Silas Noble, register and receiver, ask-
ing for an increase of pay for locating bounty land
variants; which Vere referred to the Committee
on Public Lands,
Mr. F1CKL1N presented the petition of A. M.
Patterson and one hundred others, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Vmcennes, in
the State of Indiana, via Lawrenceville and other
places, to Springfield, in Illinois: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MOLONY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to correct an error
in the pension of Orris Crosby.
Objection was made, and the bill was not intro-
duced.
Mr. GREY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given, to
provide for the repair and improvement of the dam
at the of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio
river; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to inquire of the Chair,
if hills cannot be introduced, when States are called
for resolutions, under the ruler
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, they can be introduced at any time.
[Cries of "That is the rule!" "That is the
practice."]
THE WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, authorizing the architect of the Capitol
to continue in employment the mechanics and la-
borers upon the two wings thereof.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, t ask that the
resolution may be read, as it contains very im-
portant matter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. EDGERTON presented the petition of
Alexander Armstrong, praying compensation for
property lost during the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BELL, by unanimous consent, gave notice
that on to-morrow or some subsequent day, he
should ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act of Congress, passed September 28, 1850, al-
lowing bounty land warrants to those who served
in the war with Great Britain and other wars,&c.
Also, presented the petition of the heirs of
Lieutenant Joseph Parrott, an officer in the Army
during the revolutionary war, praying commuta-
tion pay; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of A. H. Patterson,
on which a favorable report w<is> made at the last session of
Congress, be withdrawn from the files of the House, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PENN presented the petition of Thomas
J. Durant, of New Orleans, for the payment of a
balance claimed to be due him for services as at-
torney of the United States, in the district of Loui-
siana; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FREEMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting to the State of Mississippi the
right of way and donation of public lands, for the
purpose of locating and constructing a railroad
from, Brandon to the eastern boundary of said
State, in the direction of Montgomery, Alabama;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. P. also asked unanimous consent to intro-
duce another bill; to which objection was made.
Mr. F. I understand we have a right to intro-
duce bills upon a call of the States ?
The SPEAKER. Upon a call of the States for
resolutions you have, but not upon a call for peti-
tions.
Mr. FREEMAN. I should like to k now why
objection is made to the introduction of this bill,
when other gentlemen have been permitted to in-
troduce bills ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. Ob-
jection being made, the bill cannot be introduced.
Mr. WILCOX presented the petition of the
register and receiver at Augusta, Mississippi,
praying for additional compensation for locating
military bounty land warrants; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Captain Linn
and heirs of Joshua Ituddy bo taken fiom the files of the
flous-e, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. SACKETT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Ravnolds and others,
for the improvement of the harbor of Ptdtnevville, on Lake
Ontario, be taken trom the tiles oi me House, and lefeired
to tiie Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COBB asked the general c-onscnt of the
House to introduce the following bills, viz:
A bill granting the right of way and alternate
sections of the public lands to the State of Ala-
bama, for the purpose of constructing a railroad
from Selma to the Terfnessee river;,
A bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Mississippi and
Alabama, to aid in the -construction of the Mem-
phis and Charleston Railroad; and
A bill to giaduate and reduce the pricc of the
public lands belonging to the United States, and
for other purposes.
Objection was made. *
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, presented the peti-
tion of William M. Lapsley. of Alabama, asking
compensation for services rendered as receiver at
the land office at Cahaba, Alabama; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. OUTLAW presented the petition of C. B.
Hassell, and 831 others, citizens of North Caro-
lina, praying Congress to abolish the office of
Chaplain to the two Houses, and in the Army
and Navy of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Air. MOORE, of Louisiana, presented the peti-
tion of R. W. Wynn, John Webb, and others, to
establish a post-road from Bastrop, in the parish
of Morehouse, Louisiana, to Wmnsborough, in
the parish of Franklin, &c.; which was referred,
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Louisiana, m regard to awarding the contract for
carrying the mail, to such company as may have
the right of crossing the Isthmus of Tehuan tepee
by the shortest and most expeditious route; and
also praying for ai> appropriation to survey the
said route from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific,
in Tehuantepec; which was read and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Jehiel Brook, praying for
authority to sue the United States for damages for
a suit instituted against him; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, gave notice that on
to-morrow, or on some other day, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill making appropriation for
the removal of the raft in Red river.
Mr. WALSH asked the unanimous consent of
the Pfouse to introduce a resolution.
Objected to.
Mr. BOWIE' asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia inquire into the expediency of preventing the issue of
small notes, under the denomination of five dollars, in the
District of Columbia, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
On motion by Mr. GROW, it was
Ordered, That the papers and petitions of Conrad Hines
and others, for recompense for the services of Captain
Bartlett Hines in the revolutionary war, be withdrawn from
the files and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. ALLISON presented the memorial of John
Crosby, administrator of the late A. D. Crosby,
purser in the United States Navy, praying to be
allowed a credit to his account for payment made
to certain warrant officers; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of James A. Fawns, pray-
ing that he may be allowed the salary of purser
while acting as such on board the United States
! brig Bainhridge, on the coast of Brazil; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of James W. Wilkins, pray-
ing to be allowed the salary of purser for the time
he performed the duties of that office during the
late war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania,
I it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs of
Samuel Ransom be withdrawn from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CURTIS presented the petition of Samuel
Baker, a soldier of the last war, praying that he
may be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. FLORENCE presented the petition of
Buckingham Hoty, administrator of Peter Hoty,
praying for an examination of the proceedings of
the Board of Commissioners on claims against
Mexico, in relation to a claim presented to them
and rejected; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, tlTe petition of sundry citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the enactment of a law to pre-
vent the immigration of foreign paupers into the
United States. Referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware, for an appropriation
to erect a harbor and piers in the Delaware bay
and river, for the shelter of vessels navigating them.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of citizens of the city and
county of Philadelphia, praying for a modification
of the bounty land law of 1850, so as to give 160
acres of land to those and the children of those
officers and soldiers who served the war of 1812.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Holbrook, of
Philadelphia, asking indemnity for the loss of a
vessel in the service of the United States. Referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of John Duncan, a blind
sailor, who lost his sight m the service of the Uni-
ted States, asking for a pension.
Also, the memorial of the route agents of the
Post Office Department, asking for an increase of
compensation. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PRICE asked leave to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given.
Mr. EVANS objected.
