1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
Mr. PRICE claimed that, under the 44th rule,
he had the right to introduce the bill.
The SPEAKER decided that the bill could not
be introduced, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRICE took an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to lay the appeal on the
table; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Newark, New Jersey, asking the pas-
sage of a law giving proper remedies to patentees;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. P. also gave notice that he would, at the
earliest day practicable,'* ask leave to introduce a
bill for the purpose of giving proper remedies to
patentees.
Mr. HASCALL presented the petition of Mary
Hascall, the widow of Benjamin Hascall, a Soldier
of the Revolution, asking for a pension; which,
with the papers on the files of the House upon the
same subject, was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEYMOUR presented the petition of John
Burlason, for a pension; which w&s referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also,thememorialof certain officers and soldiers
in the war of 1812, praying for relief. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, presented additional papers in the case of
Thomas Thooly; which, with those on the files of '
the House in regard to said claim, were referred to |
the Committee of Claims. }
Mr. HORSFORD presented the petition of Peter j
Van Buskirk, asking pay for property furnished j
to the American troops during the revolutionary 1
war. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary j
Claims. \ I
Mr. BENNETT presented a petition for a mail j
route from Vallonia Springs, via Minerva and i
Coventry, to Oxford. Referred to the Committee !
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, it was j
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the c.v-c of Dr. '
Avery Downer, <i suiyeon's mate in the revolutionary war, ■
with the hill No 74, and report No. 44 of the Committee on j
Revolutionary Pensions, of the fiist session of the Thirty-
first Congress, be taken trom the hies of the House, and 'I
refeired to the Committee otv Revolutionary Pensions. |j
Mr. MANN presented the petition of Jesse j!
French, of Braintree; which was referred to the i
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. J
Mr. SIBLEY presented the papers relative to !
the claim for compensation of the volunteers who '■
served in the suppression-of the Winnebago hos-
tilities in July, 1850; which was referred to the I
Committee on Indian Affairs. '
On motion by Mr. GAYLORD, leave was 1
granted to withdiaw from the files of the House, j
for the purpose of presenting to the Senate, the i
petition and papers of Zachariah Lawrence.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports; when
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company; which was read a first and ii
second time by its title, and, with the report, ac- i]
companying, ordered to be printed, and referred ||
to a Committee of the Whole House.
THE WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings and Grounds, re-
ported a joint, resolution authoring the architect
of the Capitol to continue in employment the me- "
chanics, laborers, and others employed upon the :j
two wings thereof. I]
The resolution was read a first and second time ;i
by its title. ;i
Mr. STANTON remarked that the appropria- •'
tior>for the additions to the Capitol had been ex- ^
hausted, and that some three hundred mechanics !
and laborers—some of them with large families—
who had been brought on to Washington under
the expectation of permanent employment, had \
been discharged. They had been thrown out of !
employment, too, in the most inclement season of '
the year, without the means of support and with- :j
out any hope of employment elsewhere. He would ;
appeal to the House to pass the resolution imme- j
dlately. He had been told by the Architect that j
they could be profitably employed. They were j
willing to work and await the appropriation by (j
Congress. He hoped the resolution would be put
j on its passage. '
Mr. CARTTER. Will the chairman of the
committee permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STaNTON, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. CARTTER. We are informed by the
chairman of the committee that the funds appro-
priated are all expended. Can he give the House
any information as to the fact that a large portion
of that money has been expended in sending to
the Catskill mountains for lime to lay these foun-
dations with, when there is an abundance of lime
within sight of the Capitol? I should be very
glad if the chairman of the committee could throw
any light upon that subject.
Mr. STANTON. The House, and perhaps
the country too, know that I have had some little
experience in this matter of lime, having used a
great deal of it when I was a boy and growing up.
I have seen this lime that has been so much talked
about, and I declare to the House that I have never
seen better lime in my life. I think the architect,
the Secretary of the Interior, and the other agents
engaged in making the contract, did well in select-
ing this lime, for it is preferable to any other that
I have ever seen in this neighborhood or elsewhere.
I do not know what amount of money has been
expended in the purchase of lime; but I know that
a great deal of work has been done, and that a
great deal of material has been accumulated with
the $100,000 appropriated a year ago. A great
deal more work has been done, and a larger quan-
tity of material accumulated, than I expected to
see.
Mr. CARTTER, I would like to ask the gen-
tleman an additional question, and that is: What
is the cost per bushel of this lime which has been
used, and what is the cost of the lime which could
be obtained within sight of the Capitol ? I am in-
formed that there has'been a little peculation about
this matter.
Mr. STANTON. I
tion.
Mr. BELL.
cannot answer that ques-
I have but a word to say upon
this subject. I do not wish to throw any impedi-
ment in the way of the progress of this work, but
I wish to inquire of the gentleman who drew up
this resolution whether the language in which it is
couched would not make it obligatory upon the
agent to continue in pay every hand who is now
or ha's been engaged upon this work ? |
Mr. STANTON, tt was certainly not so in- i
tended by me, and if the resolution is susceptible j
of such a construction I have no objection what- i
ever to its modification so as to obviate that diffi- I
culty.
[A message was received from the Senate, ac-
companied by the bill, which had passed that body
to establish a branch of the Mint of the United
States in California.]
Mr. BELL. Their I understand that the gen-
tleman is willing to accept of a modification of his
resolution ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 will accept of a modifica-
tion if it is in my power to do so, but as this is a
report from a committee I presume that I have not
the power.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution is a report
from a committee, it is not in the power of the
gentleman to modify it.
Mr. FICKLIN. I have listened with a good
deal of pleasure to the remarks of the gentleman
who has introduced this resolution 
Mr. SACKETT, (interposing.) If the gentle-
man from Illinois will allow me, I will suggest to
the mover of the resolution that he should modify
it by the addition of these words: " If he shall
think advantageous to the Government." That
will relieve the resolution from the objection sug-
gested by the gentlenjan from Ohio, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. FICKLIN. The modification that is sug-
gested does not make the resolution acceptable to
me. There is a passage in the preamble which
will certainly prevent the resolution from receiving
my vote. What is that preamble? The pream-
ble states that whereas these individuals have been
thrown out of employment, and cannot at this
season of the year obtain employment elsewhere,
be it therefore resolved to quarter them upon the
Government. That is the proposition when stript j
of J.he verbiage by which it is surrounded. It is I
a plain, simple proposition to quarter these indi- i
viduals upon the Government during the winter, !
because they cannot now find employment else- j
where. Every hand that has been engaged upon
this woj:k will be willing to remain in the service
or in the pay of the Government, and their clamor
will induce the superintendent to continue them in
the pay of the Government. ^ .
My honorable friend over the way [Mr. Bejli.}
if this resolution made it obligatory upon
the Superintendent to continue these hands in em-
ployment. This resolution, together with the
clamor that will be sent up to him, will prevent
him from discharging any one of them. I ara
opposed to the passage of this" resolution; and I
would inquire of my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] in whose charge is this
expenditure ? Is this building under the charge of
the Superintendent, or is it not under the charge of
other officers of the Government?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It is under
the charge of the Secretary of the Interior and of
the Architect. The Architect has charge of the
building, of the employment of hands, and of the
paynfent of the money.
Mr. FICKLIN. well, then, if the Secretary
of the Interior deems it proper to continue this
work during the winter, and to keep these hands
in employment, let Jiim take the responsibility of
asking Congress to make an appropriation for
| that purpose. We can do it in an hour from the
time that he makes his application. But this
resolution places it in the power of the Superin-
tendent to keep all these hands in the employment
of the Government during the winter.
I am opposed to the passage of the resolution
at present, at all events, and in order that its mer-
its may "be examined into and its dements ascer-
tained, if there be any attached to it, I ask its
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The preamble and resolution were read; as fol-
lows :
Whereas, in consoqucnce of the exhaustion of the ap-
propt iation heietofore made for the improvement of Hie
Capitol, a large number of mechanics, laborers, and others
emploj-ed there have been discharged, and are thrown out
of service at a season of the year when employment cannot
be obtained elsewhere,
Be it. therefore resolved, 'Hint the architect of the Cap-
itol bo and he is hereby authorized to continue in service-
until an appropriation shall hereafter be made, as many of
the mechanics, laborers, and others who have been em-
ployed in the extension of the Capitol as shall be willing to
remain in service and await any appropriation wlnuh may
he hereafter made by Congress for tllcir pay.
Mr. SACKETT. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw that motion for a moment
to allow me to propose a modification of the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentieman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] has been recognized by
the Chair. '
_ Mr. FICKLIN. Permit me to suggest to my
friend from New York, that as this resolution is a
report from a committee, the gentleman who
offered it cannot modify it.
Mr. SACKETT. I can move an amendment,.
I suppose?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina has the floor.
Mr. VEIJABLE. T^ere may be the very best
reason in the world why these workmen should be
retained. If that reason was the preservation of
the public, work, and if that work was likely to be
injured or destroyed unless this resolution was
adopted, I might, perhaps, very cheerfully vote
for it. But I never can vote for the employment
of these men for the reasons set forth in this reso-
lution. I never can consent to recognize, by my
vote, the principle that it is the primary duty of
this Government to aiFord work to anybody. I
am opposed to Fourierism in all its shapes; and I
repeat that I never can recognize it as a primary
duty of this Government to supply people that are
out of employment with work. If these men have
made a contract with the undertaker of this work,
and the money appropriated by the Government v
is exhausted, they must take their luck, as others
do. When the people in my country get out of
work, they never come to Congress and ask to be
provided with employment, and they have never
recognized the principle th«t#i is the business of
this Government to take money out of the Treas-
ury to supply people who are out of 4ork, or idle
people with the means of living. If it can be sat-
isfactorily shown that the adoption of this resolu-
tion is necessary for the protection of the public
works, I will cheerfully give it my support, fiut
