1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
the House gave the committee jurisdiction over
the matter by receiving- Mr. Ritchie's memorial,
and by reversing it to us; and we have simply
acted in obe ^:e ice to the commands of the House
in nreseiT.ijs: the report.
Ivlt. STANLY. I1 lie gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Batly,] who i s not now in his seat, very
properly intimated to the House, a few days
since, that we are in the habit of exercising a
higher law, one above the Constitution and the
rules, by taking jurisdiction of subjects which" do
not properly belong to the various committees.
Nov/, this is one of those occasions; and I want
the House to settle, before they go any further,
whether this Committee on Printing has any au-
thority to pass upon private claims in this manner.
According to the rules, the Committee on Printing
have no more to do with it than the Committee
of Ways and Means, or the Committee on Mili-
tary Affkiis, or any other committee in this House
—none in the worfd.
Mr. STKVEiN'S, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman will allow me to nsk a question, 1 desire
to know wheiner this bill refers to any printing of
this Congress, or whether it is a claim for past
and executed work?
Mr. STANTON. It relates to thecurrent work.
Mr. Ritchie lias not completed the work of the
last Congress. He has not had it in his posses-
sion long enough to enable him to complete it.
The work is now going on. The resolution sim-
ply provides the terms upon which the account
shall be settled; and it relates to the current busi-
ness of the lf st Congp'ss which is under the con-
trol of this House, and the officers of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire of my
colleague uoou the Committee on Printing, [Mr.
Stanton,] whether this is a report from the Joint
Committee on Printing, or whether it is a report
only from thn: pnrt of this committee which con-
sists of the members of this House? Before the
question is answered, I deem u due to myself to
say, that for one, as a member of that committee,
I hare always insisted that the duties of that com-
mittee were simply executive, and should be con-
fined to carrying out in itw fullest force nnd oper-
ation the resolution under which the committee
were appointed; and hence 1 have declined to act
upon any of {hose things which I did not consider
os pert.xminsr to e duties of that committee. If
it shall turn out that this report is made bya por-
tion of that joint committee, then 1 want to sub-
mit a question, whether this House can receive
anything short of a report from the Committee on
Priming, which consists of three members of each
House?
Mr. STANTON. I stated, when I introduced
the report, that it was a report from the commit-
tee of Hcuse. and pot of the joint committee.
The memorial of Mr. Ritchie whs referred to us,
the three members of this House on the Commit-
tee on PrintMi«r. and ive weie diiected to take the
matter into consideration, and report, upon it. We
have done so.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I desire to make the ad-
ditional question. The second section of the joint
resolution recognizes a Commit'ee on Printing;
and there is but one such committee, that I am
aware of, and that consists of six members—three
from this House and three from the Senate. I
submit, in addition to what was suggested the
other day, that even if the whole of that com-
mittee, as a committee, can report upon any sub-
ject, at any time, yet it is not competent for half
of that committee to do it.
Mr. STANLY. The following is the 20th
joint rule:
" Acoinnnttc\ con^onsof three members oftlie Senate
and thrpp members of tiie lfau<e of RcpiesenlaUves shall
be chosen by thfir ie<D' C? lve Hou'ss. winch p Ji nl' constitute
a Committee on i'imin><r, shall have power to adopt
such Measures ri'i miv b j (laired noce^aiy to lemcdy anv
neglecs or del a*' on the pmt of the contracts to execute the
work ordered by Gun^rc^, and to uiake a yco rata reduc-
tion in the co;npen°auon u>low<vl, or to refuse the work
skocpthor, should it be inferior to the standard; and m all
ca-scp, the contractor ami ins securities shall be responsible
for any increased expenditure consequent upon th« non-
performance of the comraet. The committee shall audit
and pa5  npon all account-? for printing ; butno bill shall be
acted upon for work fiat is not actually executed and de-
livered, and which they may require to be properly authen-
ticated —Joint resolution (section second) of the jitst ses-
sion Twenty-ninth, Congi
Now, sir, this must have been audited and
passed upon in the last Congress. Mr. Ritchie
has been paid according to his contract in the last
Congress, and this is an application of his for re-
lief, because he lost money by that contract. I
want a vote of the f iouse upon the point of order,
before this question shall be acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The fact that the House of
Representatives has directed the memorial of
Thomas Ritchie to be sent to that committee is
conclusive as to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. How did the House send it?
Did some gentleman send it up, as we do pe-
titions every day, and say, presented by Mr. A
B, and referred to such a committee?
The SPEAKER. That would be equally legal
and regular, in the opinion of the Chair. It will
be for the House to alter its rules, if they are im-
perfect.
Mr. STANLY. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the reference of one of these papers
gives jurisdiction to the committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so thinks.
Mr. STANLY. It is time the House should
decide that question. After the question is decid-
ed I want to raise the question whether one half
of the committee can make a report. If so, it is
not necessary for the House to appoint any one
committee upon any particular branch of business;
for if I can geta committee favorable to my views,
having referred to it 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I call the gentleman
from North Carolina to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is called to
order. Does he take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair?
Mr. STANLY. I do take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair for a single moment, he will refer to the
proceedings of last Congress upon this very sub-
ject.
WedslsdaYj February 12,1851—page 267.
"Mr. Mc Willie. Irom the Committee on Printing, to whom
vva- leferred the memorial ot Thomas Ritchie, a party to
the contract oi William M. Belt, to execute certain classes
of the printing ot Congics*, asking that some arrangement
maybe made by which he may be suitably compensated,
icpmted a joint resolution (No. 36) < for the relief of Thom-
as ltitclne on ihe subject ot the public punting.'
•' Mr. Burt made the pomtofoiderthatit was not compe-
tent tor the Committee on Printing at this time, except by
unanimous consent, to make a repoit based upon a private
memorial—the rule of the Koine winch authorizes the
Committee on Printing to report at any time only contem-
plating such ea^es as arc designed to expedite the public
printing.
"The Speaker stated that the 01st joint rule explicitly
provides that 4 it shall be in order for the Committee on
Pi mting to icport at any timeit places no restrictions as
to the subject matter ol such report, only limiting the com-
mittee to .such matters as are legitimately before them. For
tliM rea-on, and in conformity with a decision of the House
in the Thntieth Congress, he decided that it was in order
tor the Committee on Printing to report the said joint reso-
lution at tliH tune.
'• Fiom this decision of the Chair Mr. Hurt appealed.
" Mi Rf'j 'rt M. McLane moved that the appeal be laid
on tfie table.
u Ai-d the; question being put on the latter motion,
<c It w.ivi d- < ided in the .Ufirmanve.
" -So the deacon of the Chair was sustained."
i
| The Chair decides that it is in order for a com-
I mittee to make a report based upon a memorial
! that has been referred to it.
i Mr. STANLY. I take an appeal from that
decision.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
tellers upon the appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. This question involves some
$200,000 in its decision, and I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky. Only $60,000.
Mr. STANLY. I understand $200,000.
Mr. STANTON. Then we differ about that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
lay the appeal on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. STANLY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING-, of New York. I desire, for the
purpose of ascertaining the precise question before
us, to propound an inquiry. I understand the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to raise the point that
the sending of a petition to a committee by a single
member, under the rule, does not confer upon that
committee jurisdiction of a subject the same as if
the House had made the reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gave some
such reason for taking an appeal. The Chair's
decision is, that inasmuch as the memorial has
been sent regularly under the rules of the Houss
to that committee, it is in order for it to make a
report upon that memorial.
Mr. KING. My vote will be governed by the
facts of the case. I doubt whether a single mem-
ber can confer jurisdiction; but if in open House,
by its order, the reference was made, there is a
difference.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tleman to order. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. KING. My object simply was to get pos-
session of the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in reply to the
gentleman from New York, will be allowed, he
trusts, to say, that even if it were referred by a
single member, it was referred under a rule of the
House, which is as binding as though it were re-
ferred in open House. It is the business of the
Chair to enforce the rules as they are and not to
amend them.
Mr. KING. And then the decision of the Chair
is that such a reference would confer jurisdiction?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the reading of the rules
governing the power of the committee—rules 20th
and 24th.
The SPEAKER. They will be read, unless
objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of getting information, and ascertaining the
starting point of this matter, I ask that there be
read the entry made upon the memorial. Let us
see to what committee it was referred by the mem-
ber introducing it, and whether it was referred to
the whole or only part of the committee.
[Cries of " There is objection to the reading or
discussion !" and " Question !" St Question !"]
The SPEAKER. All discussion is objected to
upon the ria:ht of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. We needlight
upon this subject.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the appeal from the decision of the Chair
upon the table, and it was agreed to—yeas 81,
nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
Averett, Babcock, Tho«?. H Bayly, Resell, Brajrg, Bieck-
inridge, Busby, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie,
Chaplain, Chutclnvell, Clark,Cobb, GeorgeT. Davis, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dumnick, Doty, Eastman, Taulkner,
Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. T). Fuller,
Gaylord, Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henri, Hibbard,
Houston, Howard, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, George
W. Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace,Mann, Mason,
WcLanahan, Meade, Mdlson, Molony, Mutphy, Murray,
Nabers, Old*. Penn, Polk, Powell, Ranioul, Richaid«on,
Robbins, Ross, Scurry. David L. Seymour, Onsen S. Sey-
mour, Rkelton, Smart, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abinhum P. Stephens Stone, St. Martin, Anoth-
er, Slum, Thinston, Wilcox, Wildrick. and Williams—SI.'
NAYS — Mes«r-j. Allison, Barrere, Hell, Pibighaus,
Bovvne, John 11. Boyd, Brenton, liriges, Albert G. Brown,
George II. Brown, Bunows, E. Carrington Cabell, .Lewis
D. Campbell, Cleveland, Conger, Cullom, Duncan, Fow-
ler, Gentry, Giddn^, Goodenow, Goodiich, Grey, Grow,
Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Tbos.
M. Howe, Iluntei, Andrew Johnson, Jame* Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Gcoige G.King, Kuhn*, Landry, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Martin, Mctlueen, Miller, Miner, John
Moore, Morehcad, Newton, Samuel W. Paiker, Perkins,
Reed, Sackett, Savage, Schermeihorn, Scu'*de;, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Walbric'ge,
Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Washbmn, Watkins, Addison
White, Alexander White, and Yates—G4.
So the motion to lay the appeal upon the table
was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States informing the House of
the signature of certain bills.]
Mr. STANTON. I move that the further con-
sideration of the report be postponed till this day
three weeks, and that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANLY. There is another question of
order pending—the one raised by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire that.question disposed
of. The question just decided was disposed of
the other day, and I did riot care to trouble the
House about that. The question I raise was stated
before, and it is, that this petition was referred to
the Committee on Printing, consisting' of three
members of this House and three members of the
Senate, which is designated in the law as the
" Committee on Printing." There is no such
thing as a division of it in the law. The third
