1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
old States—yea. sir, even the inmates of our alms-
houses consume as much of the goods, wares,
and merchandise which you tax,asyour Western
men and women consume. Yes, sir, the pauper
in any Eastern poor-house is taxed as heavily as
would be the beneficiaries of this vaunted home-
stead bill. The argument of the gentleman from
Indiana, then, falls to the ground.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri. Where do the ex-
ports come from?
Mr. AVERETT. They come very largely
from the slave-holding States; and you, my friend,
and others who are warring against us upon this
and other measures, are indebted to us for giving
you the benefit ot slave labor, in providing1 your
articles of export.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLK addressc-d the House an hour, during
which he expressed some views in favor of the
bill. He commented, at some length, upon the
position of the Whig and Democratic parties to-
wardsthecompromise measures, maintaining:that
whilst the former had evaded a direct and full ex-
pression in favor of them, as a finality on the
slave question, that the latter had, in Congress
and elsewhere, boldly indorsed those measures,
and expressed a determination to adhere to then*,
as a full adjustment of the questions involved. He
declared his determination to support " Younjr
America" for the Presidency: but, at the same
time, commended General Cass for his patriotic
devotion to the cause of his country.
[Mr. P.'s speech will he found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. CHANDLER. While I feel gratified at
obtaining the floor, I feel elso at what great dis-
advantage 1 stand before the committee at the
present moment. There has been a spice of poli-
tics infused into the debate upon this question,
something of the kind which resembles "all-spice;"
for however much we may feel disturbed by such
talk upon our party failings, there is no man here
who would not rather smile fhan cry over that
which was well said, however severely meant.
I have nothing to say upon the subject of the
Presidency, or anything that has a particular rela-
tion to it. Nothing to "young America," or
"old fogyism;" although, if I understand the
speech of th e honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] he proclaimed himself to be of the
"young America," and opposed to "old fogy-
ism." I have no time to follow that up: but it I
had, I am sure he would consider that the differ-
ence of our ages would excuse me for a monitory
remark to him. It is this: in all ages, in all times,
and in all countries, " old fogyism" has been that
which has saved the nation from the rashness and
imprudence of young—whatever it may be. All
history pros es it.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me to
explain what I meant bv " old fogy ;"
Mr. CHANDLER. "Certainly.
Mr. POLK. I only meant the spirit of the age;
not the trembling limb and wrinkled brow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Exactly. I was going to
say what history informs us about this matter;
and I suppose, of course, the gentleman is more
familiar with sacred than profane history. But 1
recollect one instance which I beg to refer to. and if
t give it wrong, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Fowler] will correct me. [Laughter.]
It is this: 1 remember that Rehoboam, the succes-
sor of Solomon, took it into his head thathe would
have a rouse with some of the young Israels of
that time. And there was a case even before him.
Master Absalom set himself up as young Israel
against that old fogy, his father. What was the
result5 Rehoboam followed the advice ofyouns;
Israel, and that led to a dissolution of the union of
Israel. They forget the wisdom of the old men,
and the effect, the unhappy result was—you rec-
ollect it. And jf Master Absalom had taken notice
of that, if he Irul waited to get old enough to have
his head as bald as mv friend from Vermont,
[Mr. Meu'iiam;] or still wiser and older, jf he
had waited until he had got the covering which
an honorable and distinguished citizen wears upon
his head, he never would have got hung upon that
oak-tree while pursued by the officers of the old
fogy, his father. [Great laughter.]
I have, however, obtained the floor with a view
to address myself directly to the question be'ore
the committee—that of the homestead bill. But 1
am not disposed, Air. Chairman, to occupy the
attention of the committee very long. I know
how frequently I have been indebted to the court-
esy of gentlemen around me, and I have too much
giatitude for that—allow me to say—to draw
upon their patience long; and that i may not be
induced, as 1 have already been, to depart from
the record before me, I have written down and am-
plified my notes, so that 1 would rather read than
speak to the committee on the subject upon which
I am about to address them. I purpose speaking
directly to the principles involved m the bill, if
anything is wiongm the details of that paper,
anything wrong in the parts which are presented
here, they can be very easily corrected by the
committee when we come to examine it more in
detail. If the principle is right, we have nothing
to fear from the details, which will be so carefully
scanned, not only by the friends of the bill, but
more carefully, perhaps, and more satisfactorily
scanned by the opponents of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, my business is with the one
grand feature of the proposed enactment. If the
principle be right, the details may easily be accom-
modated to the intentions of the framer and the
views of Congress. If the principle is wrong,
then all labor upon the bill will be only making
more or leas acceptable that which ought not to
be received.
It was my impression, until the honorable gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Fcller] addressed the
committee on this bill, that there was no question
of the constitutional power of the Government to
dispose of these lands as the bill provides. But
that gentleman startled me with the assertion that
these attempts were unjust, and without law or
equity. And, of course, all that has been done,
instead ot becoming a precedent for action, must
be regarded by us as the errors (I will not say the
crimes) of our predecessois. But I could not dis-
cover that the honorable gentleman sustained him-
self upon the legal side of his argument, sufficiently
to requne a response. I shall castaglanceat what
he advances with regard to the equity of the meas-
ure—whether it is just or equal to bestow lands
upon one portion and not upon another. "The
favors of the Government," says the honorable
gentleman, " like the dews of heaven, should fall
on all alike."
The figm e is beautiful, but not apposite—not
illustrative. " The dew of heaven " falls on all
who place themselves within its extent. But that
dew which would come down with a blessing of
beauty and xichness on one, would chill and de-
stroy another The evening plant will open its
petals to the rich descent of dew that shall give it
beauty and luster, while the morning flower will
shrink from the chilling freshness, and ask the
warmth and the light of the ascending sun.
Sir, the favors of Government, like the dews of
heaven, should, when falling, be for all that need
their influence. But the grass on a parched field,
or the herbage of an and waste, should not be
denied the dews of heaven, because certain plants
arc not improved by that falling moisture, or be-
cause the irrigated and luxurious me-ulow has no
need of such gentle waterings. In all places
where rain abounds dews are light; but m Chili
and in E^ypt, where rams are rare, these dews
supply the place of showers. Thus, Heaven tem-
pers us providence to the wants of man, and
teaches Governments to make then- favors useful,
by varying them in kind to suit the various wants
of the people. j
TheVemarks which I am making upon the ar- j
ffuiuent of the gentleman from Maine apply, or are j
intended to apply, to the speech of the honorable
gentleman froio Virginia, [Mr. Am-;rett,] whose
earnestness rrni sincerity always commend his
views to my respectful consideration. The whole I
history of our country is marked with precedents [
for the disposal of our public lands to institutions,
to corporations*, and to individuals; and foreign- '
evR—men and women—who have sought a refuse |
from the revolutionary whirlwinds of Europe, |
have received grants of ourrichpubliclands. And ,
these precedents ase so identified with our leffisla- j
lion that no declaration of want of power will dis- •
turb the possession of the holders, or change the :
practice of Congress. The right is not denied by i
the Constitution or the law, and it is established ;
and sustained by continual custom, If we have
a constitutional right to give away the public |
lands to foreigners—and it is apparent that prac- j
tice, m the absence of ail conflicting legislation or i
constitutional prohibition, establishes that right—
then, afoitiori, we have the right to divide them as
we choose among our own citizens.
The question of rightful power being thus inr
disputable, it becomes necessary to institute an
examination of the question of expediency and
equity, as connected with public and privategood.
Mr. Chairman, it is lawful, but is it expedient?
" All things," says a high authority, "all things
are lawful to me, but all things are not expedient."
First, Why should the land which has been
acquired by conquest or purchase be given to par-
ticular citizens, when it is the property of all?
Second. Why should the man living in the far
West, or willing to go to the far West,be favored
with a quantity of land sufficient for a farm, when
he who lives in the old States, which achieved our
independence, must be content with what he in-
herits, or what he can purchase, or, what is still
worse, must be content without either inheritance
or purchase.
Third. Are there reasons for such a departure
from the customs of the country—reasons con-
nected with private right and public profit, or will
they be promotive of general morals and pure pa-
triotism; and if so, can we make thegifts available
to the class of citizens whose benefit we would
promote; and that being so, can we make the gifts
available to that class without an injury to others?
Nay more: will these donations be promotive of
the good of the whole? Unless these questions
can be affirmatively answered, we, as the Repre-
sentatives of the people, have only to withhold
our votes from the project. If they can be affirm-
atively answered to the satisfaction of the House,
I need not say what should be the vote of the mem-
bers. I need not say what would be the vote. I
never alio w myself to doubt the purity and patriot-
ism of the motives of the members of the House;
and when any question is proposed here, Mr.Chair-
man, in which party attachment and public good
may appear in antagonism, I always know how
the vote will go. The country will have the ma-
jority. It is true that party discipline will leave a
guard over party interests, but the mam body will
march over to the side of the country.
With this view of the character of this House,
I will pioceed to examine the queries.
It must be evident that we have reached a point
where these public lands must cease to be the
means of direct revenue to the nation. Claims of
various kinds multiply, liberality towards those
who hove served the country, enlarged encourage-
ments to public enterprises, and chanty to afflicted
emigrants, are placing these possessions of the
nation in a position that forbids a hope for the
Treasury from them; and that, Mr. Chairman, is
not all: The liberality of the Government that be-
stows so much public domain, or rewards there-
with so many entitled to public consideration, is
not inducing settlement, butgenerally it is placing
millions of acres in the hands of speculators, who
have never seen, and will never see, their vast and
cheaply-acquired estates.
What we need as a compensation for our land
(for at any rate the price when sold is nominal) is
settlement, and the plan proposed in this bill is,
that no man shall come into possession of a single
acre of the soil until he enters upon its occupation
and improvement. This I consider one of the
strong points of the case. If, without public
claims, without military service, these lands were
to be given in undivided masses, no benefit to the
public could result, because the right of settlement
and the benefit of preemption already exist. I
therefore am led to legard this disposition of a
portion of the lands as presenting a means of
assisting public police, promoting"public good,
and gratifying a most natural and laudable long-
ing of the human heart.
And the growing advocacy of this bill here, and
the strong expressions in its favor abroad, show
that the wish is national.
Mr. BEALE, (interrupting.) Especially iu
Europe.
Mr. CHANDLER. I thank the gentleman for
the hint. Where the downtrodden millions are
looking across the Atlantic for a home 
Mr. BEALE, (interrupting.) Which yoifgive
to the jail-birds and scum of Europe, and deny it
to our'own people.
Mr. CHANDLER. LookingacrosstheAtlantic
for a home, where they seek a place to plant their
feet and erect their altars. And come they wilf,
