1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 22,
section provides that certain duties may be dis-
charged by members of the committee from each
House, if the Chair has the section I allude to
before him, he can understand my point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the section
before him.
Mr. HAVEN. The Chair, then, sees my
point. U is stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton-,] and no doubt truly, that
this is the report from a portion of that committee;
that it is from the members of that committee of
the House. It is not, therefore, a report from the
committee. To be so, it must be a report from a
majority of members of that committee from both
Houses, it is not the report of that majority.
The Jaw specifies the duties that maybe performed
by one portion of the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
question of order raised by the gentleman to be,
that this must be a report from the entire com-
mittee, which is a joint committee of the two
Houses. The third section of the law reads as
follows:
"That all motions to print extra numbers of any bill,
paper, 01 document of either Hou~o, eiiali he inferred to the
members of the commute o'tUat Hou^, who^hall report
upon the piopriety of printing, and the probable expense
thereof as early as convenient.'5
It is very clear from this section that the law-
contemplates separate action to that extent, at all
events.
Mr. HAVEN. There is no doubt of that.
The SPE AX1ER. And the right of that portion
of the committee belonging to the House has been
again and again exercised, the Chair thinks, in
this body.
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky. Allow me to
make a suggestion at this point. It has not been
three days since this House referred to that com-
mittee, composed of three members of this House,
a proposition to print under their direction, and,
in their discretion, twenty thousand copies of the
obituary speeches and proceedings upon the occa-
sion of the announcement of the decease of Mr.
Clay.
Mr. HOUSTON. That comes under the ex-
press letter of the law.
Mr. HAVEN. Besides the House could direct
any one member of the committee to make such a
contract.
Mr. STANTON. The joint resolution of 1846
provides that the Joint Committee on Printing
shall have this printing executed, and that the con-
tract shall be made by it; but the House conferred
upon our portion of the committee special au-
thority by that resolution to have this printing
done under their own discretion. It is taken from
under the law.
Mr. SACKETT. Has the House done so in
this case?
Mr. STANTON. It did so in the case of the
printing of the obituary addresses.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment, the House conferred—if that is the
language of the resolution—upon the three mem-
bers of the House composing the Committee on
Printing the power to have executed a certain
number of copies of the obituary addresses and
other proceedings of the House upon the occasion
of the announcement of the death of Mr. Clay.
Mr. STANTON. It is not an extra number of
any document ordered to be printed by the House.
It is a special job out of the usual and ordinary
printing of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. It is understood and conceded
that it does not come within the powers of the
committee under the law. It is not in the fifth
class of printing, for if it had been, it would have
gone to the public printer—Mr. Hamilton—with-
out any difficulty. And not coming within either
of the classes, it was a kind and portion of print-
ing for which there was no contract provided, and
hence the committee was charged with exercising
a dutv not under the law to carry out the will of
the House upon that subject.
Mr. STANTON. I will ask my colleague
upon the committee if the House has power,
without any rule, to refer that description of mat-
ter to this committee, whether it has not power to
refer this proposition of Mr. Ritchie ?
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Ritchie's proposition was
referred to the Committee on Printing composed
of the six members. I have mentioned. In the
other case, the proposition was referred to the three
members of the House on that committee.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman labors under
a mistake there.
Mr. HAVEiN". Inonecase under the rule,and
in the other by the House.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman labors under
a great mistake.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York contends that the memorial was referred
to the entire Committee on Printing;, and not a
portion of it, and that it is not in order for a por-
tion of the committee to report. That is his
point.
Mr. STANTON. Now to the facts. The
gentleman who presented the memorial says he
designed to send it to our committee. It was in-
dorsed upon the back 44 To the Committee on
Printing." If it had been intended to send it to
the joint committee, it would have been so re-
ported upon the Journal. The Clerk of the House
sent it to our committee, believing that to be the
direction intended by the author, as it really was.
That is the way our committee got possession ofit.
Mr. STANLY. I wish only to say a word.
I will not indulge in argument. On the 10th of
January, 1851, the petition was first presented,
it is indorsed " Petition of Mr. Ritchie, for com-
pensation for public printing, proposing a reduc-
tion of fifty per cent, on the prices of 1819, and
asking relief from his contract."
There is nothing at all about the current busi-
ness of the session. The last entry upon the pe-
tition is, " March 17th, 1852; referred to the Joint
Committee on Printing. Tiiomas H. Bayly."
The reference is to the joint committee, and here
half of that committee have undertaken to do the
duty of the whole, and this House is to act upon
it before it goes to the committee at nil.
I should hke to have the yeas and nays upon
that proposition.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether this discussion, is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very anxious
to make a correct decision in this case, and was
indulging gentlemen in the suggestion of facts.
Mr. STUART. I will make a single sugges-
tion. This Joint Committee on Printing pos-
sesses certain duties under a law, but not under
any rules of this House. I have listened, and, as
I understand, all gentlemen agree that this is not
a duty arising under that law, but that it is a sub-
ject-matter referred to the Committee on Printing
; under the rule of this House. The only Com-
j mittee on Printing this House has for such pur-
| pose is its own committee. We cannot refer to a
| joint committee raised for a particular purpose.
Now it has been held heretofore that the mem-
bers of this committee, appointed by the House,
constitute its committee, and the only committee
it has, upon printing.
Whenever, therefore, a subject is referred, un-
der the rules of the House, to the Committee on
Printing, and that subject does not fall within this
law which authorizes this joint committee, and
defines its duties, it goes to the members appoint-
ed by this House. They have the sole control
over it, and they are the only ones who can report
to the House, because they are the only ones over
whom the House have any control. They are the
only organs from whom we can compel a report.
We cannot coerce a report in this House from the
joint committee, but from that portion which con-
stitutes our Committee on Printing we can, by
resolution, coerce a report. We can instruct, and
we can control them, and if the facts have been
properly stated m this case, I submit that the re-
port has been correctly made.
The SPEAKER. I wish to know if a portion
of the committee belonging to the House did not
report during the present session, changing the
existing la*v upon the subject of printing. Has
it not become our practice by that precedent ?
The law very clearly contemplates action upon
the part of the committee of each House, inde-
pendent of the other. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York, fMr. Haven.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I only desire to
refer to the mistake which the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has made in a mat-
ter of fact. The old memorial of the last Con-
gress, which was re-referred at this Congress, is
indorsed thus: "Thomas H. Bayly, referred to
the Committee on Printing."
J Mr. STANLY. In whose handwriting?
Mr. BAYLY. It is my indorsement. The
Clerk interpreted it as referred to the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing, but he had no right to alter
my reference, as the first is in my handwriting,
and the other in that of the Clerk. Here is the
memorial I presented at this session, and it is in-
dorsed in these words, in my handwritings
"Thomas H. Bayly, referred to the Committee
on Printing." I hps; to say to the House  
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him? I fear I shall lose the opportu*
nity unless he does. I do not desire to raise these
questions continually, and when the House dis-
poses of them, t am willing to abide by them. I
desire to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon that subject. I will mention it now
for fear that I may lose the opportunity, that the
Committee on Printing is a designation which the
law gives to the members of both Houses on that
committee. There is no such thing as a commit-
tee of this House, and a committee of the other.
There is nothing buta Committee on Printing,
and then there are certain duties which are con-
ferred upon the members of that committee, who
belong to this House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the sake of
getting a little light, and to have the beginning
point right, I wish to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. 1 understand him to draw a distinction be-
tween the Joint Committee and the Committee on
Printing. I wish to know if there are two dis-
tinct committees—whether there is a Committee
on Printing in this House, and a Joint Commit-
tee of the two Houses?
The SPEAKER. There is but one, which is
a joint committee, but the duties of this committee
are in many cases made separate by the express
language of the law.
Mr. BAYLY. The phraseology of that refer-
ence was not accidental upon my part, but it was
placed there by design. I was consulted about
this memorial as to where it should go. Some
persons had the impression that it should go to
the Committee on Claims. That was not my
opinion. We have a great many Committees on
Claims; a Committee on Revolutionary Claims to
which the revolutionary claims go—a Committee
on Private Claims, to which all private land claims
go—a Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, to
which invalid pensions and other claims go, which
properly come under their jurisdiction. Then
there are a variety of claims which go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs—such as the claims of
the Secretaries of Legations, for instance, who
perform the duties of Ministers. Besides these
Committees on Claims which have specific juris-
diction, there is a general committee, if I may say
so, which is the residuary legatee of all other
claims, and that is the Committee on Claims.
This is a claim which I thought ought to go to
the committee having jurisdiction of the subject
to which the claim related, precisely as T would
send a private land claim to the Committee on
Private Land Claims; and as I would send a claim
in respect to printing to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order,
ft appears to me that the House have just settled
this whole question by laying upon the table an
appeal from the decision of the Speaker upon a
question of order that tested the admissibility of
this report.
The SPEAKER. That is very true. In terms
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
appealed from the decision of the Chair that a
part of the committee had a right to report; and.
the House decided that the committee had the
right to make the report. Another ground of ob-
jection is made, and the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has a right to appeal from
the decision of the Chair, which he has done. It
is the same question repeated upon different
grounds, that the report made is inadmissible.
Mr. CARTTER. The point I wish to make
is this——
Mr. HAVEN. I beg pardon, if the gentleman
from Ohio will allow me to correct a mistake. I do
not wish to take up the time of the House. The
other was a decision as to whether the committee
had a right to reportat any time. That was decided
and disposed of by the House. This is a ques-
tion whether less than the committee—that is, one
half of the committee—can report in regard to this
matter when it has not been before the committee ?
