1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
however we may legislate. Shall we not, then,'in
self-defen&e, as well us for motives of humanity,
invite them away from over-crowded cities, and
enable ihem to cievote themselves to truth and
G  d, and become mit-sionaries for morals, lor
truth, lor pohucs, and lehgion, and plant them-
selves along our western frontiers, men sworn
to preserve our country, its laws, its morals,
its institutions, and all that man holds good ana
great in a Republic? And if we deny it to them,
we deny what God has given to us. If we deny-
that. to them, we deny what our fathers fought and
bled for. We deny what your ancestors achieved,
and sought to distribute amongst them all. The
very bounty of lands to them will send school-
masters to instruct them.
Mr. Chairman, it is not merely an Anglo-Saxon
infirmity, as some honorable gentleman (my fi lend
from New Hampshire, Mr. Tuck) once asserted.
It is the common feeling of mankind. The whole
history of the people of the Bible is one of land
claims and land distribution, managed, it will be
recollected, with more courtesy 011 the part of
Abraham towards Lot than is exhibited by some
of the patriarchs of this Hall.
But the possession of land has, from time im-
memorial, been the great thirst of the human heart,
for different purposes, but always with the same
craving. Why, sir, the possession of land is and
ever has been a patent of nobility. No hereditary
title was disconnected from a hereditary posses-
sion. And whatever else we may have changed
in the institutions of our country, we have not
altered this much. We may forbid the entailment
of estates, but we do not and cannot sepai ate the
title from the possession of the real property. It
is so with no other possession. The man who
has much money, or owns a large amount of pub-
lic security, is a capitalist. He who deals in secu-
rities is a speculator. The office-holder has only a
temporary appellation of " honorable" or "ex-
cellency ' by courtesy; but the owner <-f the soil,
nay, even the proprietor of a house and its neces-
sary lot, is a lord—a land lord—a title above all
Others, and one which it is the interest of the
Government to multiply, where the sovereignty
lies in the people.
Mr. Chairman, we must, in the passage of laws,
learn to consult the varying circumstances of the
people, the change which is continually going on
in the affairs of life.
Principles, i suppose, never change; but the
administration of those principles must be accom-
modated to the progress of affairs.
Ten years ago, when some one proposed a
measure like this, ihe public press poured ridicule
upon a scheme which was denominated "the vote-
yourself-a-farm project,"a sort of Hellenic verbal
composition, whic.ii was at once expressive of the
supposed object of the author, and the contempt
of the opposer; but temporu mut(tntu)\ and nos mula-
mur cum illis. That is, "the tenure of our public
lands has changed, and opinions, it is evident, are
changing with them." The land seems pledged
for the public debt, yet we vote them to foreigners;
let any one come with claims upon our sympathy,
and we oflVr that which we feel is most agieeahle
to our common appetite, we grant them townships
of land; some accept, and some ask for even more
substantial aid.
Well, sir, if we are so free with these public
domains with foieigners, why not gratify the appe-
tite, and promote the views of our own citizens1
Why not be generous to those who have at any
time exposed their lives or health for the public
good ? Why not grant to them what they ask for?
Are the defenders of Euronean States of morecon-
sequence than the defenders of ihe United States?
Our own people foujrht and bled for these lunds;
let them have an individual right in some of them.
But the bill before us grants portions to actual
settlers and permanent residents on these lands. j
If the donation of alternate sections to railroads !
gives additional value to the contiguous sections. (
(and 1 think it does, and is thetefore profitable and j
proper,) then the actual settlement of the quarter I
section of one hundred and sixtv acres must give 1
value to the contiguous poition—and while" we!
have more than fourteen bundled millions of acres, I
and while we have a few thousand citizens who j
need attention, and a-e able and willing to toil,'
who seek the independence of real propeity, and I
sigh after the patent of republican nobility, onglu j
we not to serve them, serve the country by grant- j
! mg the request? For, Mr. Chairman, the country
j will he served by any legislation that takes the
! squalid and suifering from the crowded, un-
, healthy alleys m our cities—out ot the depend-
i euce and want of a precarious living, placing them
1 where every drop ofsweat tiiat falls upon the soil,
I and every muscular eilort expended gives addi-
! uonal value to the possession. 1 suy nothing
about the political or national dependence upon
those who have no stake in the hedge, and no
hope for themselves. But what a treasure of vir-
tue, of trust, of sure defense, does that nation lay
i up for itself, when every man owns the ground
on which he stands and identifies himself with his
j possession by the sweat of his brow.
I Mr. Chairman, the virtue and independence of
j a Republic are only the aggregate of the virtue
I and independence of the people who compose that
; Repuuhc; and, if "a plan can be devised and cxe-
| cuied for drawing from the common haunts of our
cities, those whom misfortune are tempting to
; vice, and gisethem the blessing of possession, the
j leave and means to toil and to live, that plan
, should command our suppoit. If we can remove
| men, women, and children from the horriblecom-
I munications of densely-packed garrets and cellars,
1 where want of family privacy is destroying all
I delicacy of thought, anu place them m the wide
i space of one vacant quarter section, do we not
j regenerate their minds, and baptize them into the
I hope and practices of decency and good citizen-
i slup?
I Where, Mr. Chairman, since the establishment
1 of our nation, have riotous disorders been gener-
j ated but m the mixed and compact populations,
I where lack of employment gives potency to the
i suggestions of the vicious, and involuntary idle-
! ness becomes the paient of vice? Allure these
| people away from those seminaries of ciime that
: abound in cities, and plant man free and independ-
■ ent upon his own soil, the outspread domain of
hill and valley and stieam ail his own, and the
thought of vice dies with the sense of account-
ability, and the invitation to labor is answered
with a willing smile.
1 shall be told, perhaps, that few of the loafers
of the city will go to the far West to toil upon the
unbroken land. Probably the far West would not
mourn at such a refusal. But I do think that
thousands wouid go, who, tarrying m the city,
would become loafers m their own generation, and
leave a nest of vagrants to perpetuate their crimes.
It is to prevent, rather than to leforni, that the
" homestead" plan is proposed.
But I have said that the scattered population
which these grants would induce, would tend to
jmbltc morals and public peace. Many of the
settlers would come, if not from the scenes of
disorder and vice, at least from those contigu-
ities, where the fanatic or artful disturber of the
public peace finds tools for his mischief, and se-
dition, in some guise of phiianthiopy or patriot-
ism, presents the worst form of treason.
But, sir, in the center of our Republic, tilling
the earth and making the wilderness blossom like
the rose, these men would be safe from the ex-
citement of popular delusion, unexposed to the
temptation of violating the laws. Instead of being
under the surveillance of a police, they would be
the hope and defenders of the nation; mission-
| aries of morals and prosperity m peace, defenders
| of the soil m war.
: Railroads, canals, and other modes of public
improvement, have ever been considered powerful
means of assisting public quiet, and promoting
■ the strength of our Union; but these silent means
i of trade are not so potent m the work of goodness
1 as men themselves, scattered across the boundary
of discontent, whose interests are for peace, and
whose happiness is evidently dependent upon the
Union. If the measure, then, could be regarded
■ as a new cement of national union, another and
I more powerful argument is derived in its favor.
; And I confess, sir, that, as a Pennsylvania!!, and
; as a Representative of Philadelphia, where the
Union, though long existing, was first announced,
, I grow warm upon any subject that concerns the
Union, seeing only miseiy to us all from its de-
struction. I advocate whatever will promote its
continuance; and, while I condemn to immitigable
censure those who by word or deed would disturb
the compact, I bless every man whose occupation
| and will are in its favor.
j A few days since, Mr. Chairman, an honorable
member from Mississippi, [Mr. Wilcox,] in re-
ferring to the objections of certain heated parti-
sans, declared that they sought to tear in two the
glorious flag of our nation. The figure was beau-
tiful and happy, and I share in the gentlem-n's
warmth of denunciation of those who, with fratri-
cidal hand, would attempt the desecration. It
cannot happen, Mr. Chairman; it will not be, I
think. But, should evil counsel prevail, should
the idle, the dissolute, the thoughtless dare to com-
mit that last and worst, that unpardonable crime,
tearing in twain the flag of this Union, the Hag
that streams in beauty and grandeur over this
Hall, above the legislators of the people, met to
promote the benefit and strength of the Union—
should they rend this flag, then, Mr. Chairman, f
ask for Pennsylvania and those States that stand
for the Union, side by side with her, in all forms
of contests and under all party names, I ask for
our true portion of the spoils; I ask that the stars,
on on** portion of the field of that flag, shall decorate
the brow of my own iron State and her sisters in
patriotism; and, Mr. Chairman, I devote the
stripes, on the other portion of the field of that
flag, to the back of those traitors who may have
rent it in twain.
We must not suppose, Mr. Chairman, that
every poor man, in city or country, is poor from
want of enterprise. Or that every vicious person
is criminal from any extraordinary proclivity of
his mind towards vice. Thousands arourfd us
are toiling and waiting with no hope of ascent.
They see the point far above them, which, if al-
lowed, would be sure to op*n up the prospect of
comfort and respectability. But how are they to
reach that first round ? Borne down as they may
be with heavy dependencies, by what means are
they to achieve that first step by which labor shall
he ensured its reward, and enterpiise its desired
conquest? " Give me but where I may stand,"
said the ancient geometrician, 41 give me hut where
I may stand,and 1 will raise the world." So say
these men, Give us but where we may plant our
feet, and we will raise a name, and conquer a
woiSd of difficulty.
In the Old World,Mr. Chairman,hereditary dis-
tinction is ingrained with the feelings of the people,
and the only change contemplated is that of rela-
tive position among the upper and the middle
classes; but the lowest must remain low,avid pov-
erty and wretchedness be the parents and the ex-
ponents of vice.
But in this country, amid our republican institu-
tions, no such fixedness of condition should be
contemplated. It is hostile to all our plans of
lepubhcan equality. Sir, true republicanism is
like the ladder which the Patriarch saw in his
vision at Bethel. Though its top may lean on
heaven, yet its foot rests upon the earth, that its
lowest round may be accessible to the effort of the
humblest man that aspires, so that every rank and
condition of the people may mingle with all from
above or below, who ascend or descend the scale
of republican condition.
I reckon as nothing, Mr. Chairman, the objec-
tion to the bill, that " few will be able to reach the
public lands from the Atlantic cities." Certainly,
if any wish to go, the knowledge that land can be
obtained for nothing but settlement must bean
inducement, because the money which is now re-
quired to purchase the land, might, under the bill,
be used to take the family to the new acquisition,
and assist in the purchase of the most essential
articles of husbandry and housekeeping. But phi-
lanthropy thai assists the poor laborer to leave the
city, that he may find employment in the rural
districts, would have a double motive for liberality,
if a homestead, rather than a hireling employment,
were to be obtained. But at most, Mr. Chairman,
if the poor of the cities and crowded portions of
the Atlantic States could not reach these lands,
then the argument that the passage of the bill
would deprive the country of its lands, falls to the
ground.
But then it is objected, that these lands will go
to the Western people,and not inure to the benefit
of those of the East. Well, so it wilt, Mr. Chair-
man, if the East will not, or cannot profit by it.
The land will certainly not come down to us; we
must go up to that. But what then ? Suppose,
at the worst, that the Western men should alone
seize upon the privilege of these grants, and alone
directly profit by them: what then ?
But suppose, sir—for this is the argument—sup-
