112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17.
4
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John A. McGaw, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill granting
relief to John A. McGaw, of New York.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill supplementary to the several
acts of Congress providing for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the State of Ohio the unsold and unappropriated
public lands remaining in that State, reported it
with an amendment.
COMPENSATION" OF TREASURERS.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to provide
compensation'tosuch persons as maybe designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury to receive and
keep the public moneys, under the fifteenth section
of the act of 6th August, 1846, for the, additional
services required under that act, reported it with-
out amendment.
It will take but little time, said the honorable
gentleman, to dispose of this bill, and I ask the
•unanimous consent of the Senate t*o take it up for
consideration now. It ^as passed during the last
session of the Senate. It is designed to provide
compensation for 3. class of officers who were
omitted to be provided for by the act of 1846—I
mean that class who were designated as the "de-
positors. " This bill having passed the Senate last
year, probably failed in the Iiouse because it only
reached that body in the regular order of business.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The bill was then considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and there being no
amendment thereto, it was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS, agreeable to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of Charles A. Kellett; which was readafirst
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a bill for the relief of Enoch Baldwin and
others; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
"WIDOW OF GENERAL WORTH.
The Senate, on the motion of Mr. BORLAND,
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of Margaret L.
"Worth.
Mr. HALE. Is there any report accompany-
ing that bill? If there he, I should like to have it
read.
Mr. BORLAND. Thfij*e was no report in the
case. It was a bill introffiiced by me last session
of Congress granting a pension to the widow of
General Worth. There was no report necessary
in the case. The facts were known to all. His
position in the Army, the circumstances of his
cleath, his great merit as an officer, added to her
claims to support under these circumstances, she
was generally regarded as deserving of the care
and sympathy and relief of the Government.
There were no facts beyond these necessary to be
set forth in a report, and these facts were in the
knowledge of every Senator. For this reason no
report was made. When the bill was reported
fVom the committee, I asked for its consideration.
It was passed in the Senate and went to the
House, but failed there for want of time, not com-
ing up in the regular order of business. One reason
why I ask for its passage by the Senate now is,
that I learn from memhers of the House that it
can be passed in that branch of Congress at an
early day, and thus afford relief to the widow of
one of the most gallant officers ever known in our
Army—relief of which she stands eminently in
need.
Mr. HALE. I am by no means opposed to the
passage of the bill, and shall not jpake any objec-
tions. My reason for inquiring'whether there
was any report was this, that I know the circum-
stances under which it was reported last session.
I know, also, that a bill was introduced for the
relief of the widow of another distinguished of-
ficer—I mean the widow of General McNeil.
When that bill came up, it did not go quite so
easy, and I want to know if there is anything pe-
culiar in the two cases. I supposed that if there
was anything peculiar which could distinguish the
one case from the other, that peculiarity would
have been set forth in the report.
Mr. BORLAND. I will not prolong the dis-
cussion on this bill, but will merely answer the
Senator from New Hampshire, by remarking that
I know of no peculiar feature in the bill for the
relief of the widow of General McNeil which
should preventits passage. That bill will soon be
reported by the committee, and it shall have my
support. But I cannot conceive how that bill can
have anything to do with this.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe that I madean
objection to the bill for the relief of the widow of
General McNeil, and I also object to this. It is
the introduction of the principle to which I ob-
ject—that of pensioning the widows of distin-
guished men by making them exceptions to general
laws, and of legislating upon each particular case
without a general law. That is the prnciple we
are introducing in this case, and in others like it,
and therefore I am opposed to it. But I have made
opposition to this principle so often, and yet so
ineffectually, that I know the inutility of renewing
that opposition now, and therefore I'surrender the
point, merely expressing my disapprobation of all
bills of the kind.
Mr. SEWARD. If were possible to frame
a general law embracing cases so meritorious as
this and no others, I would agree with the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky. But I despair of ever
seeing any such law; and because it is only by
special legislation that we can obtain the attention
of Congress to a case so peculiarly meritorious as
this,if suchagenerallawwerepassed;and because
other applications less meritorious m their charac-
ter than tins would often obtain an equal consid-
eration under it, I think it is right, and proper,
and wise, to consider these cases separately. I
think it just to single out for favor such as come
recommended to the consideration of the Govern-
ment by the magnitude and heroism of services
rendered, and the destitution of families bereaved.
Those cases which have not merit will undoubt-
edly fail by the way. I therefore cordially sup-
port the proposition contained in the bill. I shall
record my vote for it now, and I shall be equally
happy to record it on its final passage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from New
York has expressed a wish to have an opportu-
nity of recording his vote in favor of this bill, and
I wish to give him that opportunity, as well as
to have myself an opportunity of recording my
vote against the principle, and therefore I will ask
for the yeas and nays. I wish to ascertain the
sense of the Senate on this matter—because I think
it will save time and expense hereafter—whether
they will undertake to legislate in particular cases,
and grant pensions when there are no general laws
authorizing it. I believe that if we introduce this
principle, it will lead to more partiality, more
favoritism, and interfere more with the regular
legislation of Congress, than almost anything else
that we can do. And, Mr. President, my expe-
rience has been that there is hardly any case where
you bring forward the claims of the individual,
and present him or her-with the wants by which
he or she is surrounded to the sympathies of Con-
gress—I say, there is hardly any individual case
which may be thus presented, which will not be
provided for; and if you begin to act in this way,
without a general principle, you will consume the
whole time of Congress in these individual gra-
tuities. Sir, what was the case of Charlotte
Lynch? 1 h'ad occasion, the other day, to men-
tion that case.
Mr. HALE. And upon that I had occasion to
meet you.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Sir, that case illustrates
the whole condition of things. An accomplished
lady 
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) Certainly, a poetess.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, a poetess, in-
termingling and associating with members of Con-
gress, making a deep impression upon them by |
her merits in every way; and, sir9 it required all I
my firmness to resist an application of that sort,
and I own that I was near giving way myself.
(Laughter.) Now, sir, you present an individual
case, man or woman, and you have eloquent ap-
peals made in favor of that man or that woman,
and the consequence is that you give the gratuity
which may be asked for. And, sir, with reference
to this, we had an illustration the other day. One
of my good constituents, who, upon the principle
of that bill is entitled to receive fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars from the Treasury, was represent-
ed by me here the other day. I was advocating
his cause on that precedent, and my friend to the
left [Mr. Hale] shook his head and said that we
had gone far enough. Now, sir, let us have the
yeas and nays. And I will say that if you go it
in this c.ise, I shall make no resistance, but will
say go it in all. Sir, we have innumerable widows
to provide for; and if from the fact of their being
the widows of^meritorious and distinguished men
you are to provide for them all upon the same
footing, you will have claims upon you enough to
bankrupt any treasury. If, then, gentlemen wish
to set the example in this case, I assure them that
I will not trouole them hereafter with speeches
upon the subject.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to take the yeas and nays upon the engrossment
of the bill? I suppose that is his proposition.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir.
The question was then taken 011 the call for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say one word,
-although it is not my purpose to say anything in
relation to this bill, but simply in response to a
remark made by the Senator from Kentucky. I
insist that in asking for the passage of this bill we
do not seek the introduction of any new principle.
It may indeed be a new principle, according to the
letter of the law, biftit certainly is not so accord-
ing to the spirit of the law: for our present law
grants pensions to the widows of all officers and
soldiers who are killed in battle, or who die of
their wounds or of disease contracted while in the
service of their country. Now, sir, it is true that
General Worth was not killed in battle; but I do
insist upon it, and say it upon my personal knowl-
edge, as well as upon the knowledge of others,
that he returned from Mexico, after having fought
the battles of his country, broken down with dis-
ease, suffering from wounds received in former
battles, and in that condition was ordered to Texas,
in the face of the cholera, and he fell before it—
marching to San Antonio—a more formidable
enemy than any he had ever encountered on the
field of battle—leaving his family, whom he had
not been able to take care of for more than thirty
years, destitute of the common comforts of life.
I contend, then, that Mrs. Worth is eminently
entitled to receive this pension. I say, also, that
there is no new principle, nor any new precedent,
involved in the proposition, because we have done
the same thing for other widows. This sum of
$50 pet* month, is precisely the sum which was
given to the widow of Commodore Decatur. That
is the sum which was asked and obtained in that
case, and that case can be claimed as a precedent,
if necessary, so that the consciences of gentlemen
may be relieved on the score of want of prece-
dent. I have no more to say.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the engrossment of the bill, and resulted—yeas
38, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Borland, Bradbury,
Brodliead, Butler, Chase, Clemens, Davis, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fish,
Foot of Vermont, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of
fowa, Jones or'Teimessee, MaI[ory,Mangum, Mason, Mil-
ler, Morton, Norns, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spiuanee, Stockton. Sumner, Upham, Wade, and Walker
—38.
NAYS—Messis. Dawson, Hunter, King, Pratt, and Un-
deiwood—5.
)avvsa6n
IPROI
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the resolution declaring the
measures of adjustment to be a definitive settlement
of the questions growing out of slavery.
Mr. MASON." Mr. President, I do not know
that I should have taken part in the debate on this
resolution, but that I have thought it proper, and
perhaps necessary, to place myself right upon
some questions which have arisen heretofore, and
were adverted to at a former period by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Footb,] in reference to
