1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22.
there are several appropriation bills which the
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee is
desirous of getting through with as speedily as
possible. I therefore desire to move to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution uuti! ,
this day three weeks. :
Mr. POLK. 1 suggest to the gentleman to say j
two weeks. !
_ Mr. HOUSTON. That would hardly leave us ;
time to get through with the appropriation bills, j
Mr. STANTON. My object in putting off this j
matter is that other, and, perhaps, more important |
business of the r.ountry, shall be got through, and ]
that this matter should not in any way embarrass ;
the action of the House upon those measures. i
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro- i
pose that the report of the committee be printed? -
Mr. STANTON. I do, sir.
Mr. STANLY. I call for the reading of the
resolution. \
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resol*edy That Thomas Ritchie, assignee of William M.
Belt, the contractor for executing the sccond, fourth, and
fifth classes of printing for the Thntv-first Congress, shall
receive as compensation for said work, payment at the rate
of one half of the price paid for the priming umk-r'the joint
resolution of 1819, and in lieu of the prices specified in the
contract of said Belt.
Mr. BAYLY. I would suggest that we shall
be more pressed three weeks from now than in one
or two weeks. It occurs to me that the better time
would be an earlier day.
_Mr. STANLY. If this resolution is postponed
will that give it priority over other business'when
it comes up?
The SPEAKER. That will depend on the cir-
cumstances of the case. There are various other
propositions that would take priority.
Mr. STANLY. Does it make it a special or-
der?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to anticipate what would interfere with the consid-
eration of it.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to inquire how much
money this will take out of the Treasury ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I remarked
to you about §60,000. If I had had an opportu-
nity then, I should have corrected some of the
errors into which you have fallen.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not debatable.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
postpone the resolution until the 4th of March.
Mr. POLK. When Pierce is to be inaugu-
rated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] must propose some day
within the present Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I say the third of
March,
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
if this is not a bill that is required by the rules to
go to^the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ? Does it not appropriate money?
The SPEAKER. It does m't, according to the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move the
previous question, and I desire to know what will
be the effect of that motion?
The SPEAKER. The effect of it will be to
brin  the House to vote upon the motion of the
gentTenmai from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.!
Mr. STANTON. And if that fails, then upon
my motion :
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr.STANTON. Then it: is exhausted.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry.
If we sustain the previous question, will it not cut
off the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. It will cut off the motion to
postpone.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will be, in the opinion of
the Chair. j
Mr. KING, of New York. Let us postpone i
this matter first. i
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, if the House will ;
let this matter be postponed by general consent.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is j
not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is not debatable, then
I withdraw my motion.
The question was accordingly withdrawn.
The question being upon the motion proposed
by Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decid-
ed in the negative—yeas 04, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AUison, Barrere, Bell, Bihighaus,
Bowne, John H Boyd, Brenton, Bngg*, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Cleveland, Conger, Durkee,
Fowler, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grow, Hascall,
Haven, Hebard, Iloraford, John W. Ilowe, Thomas M.
Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, James Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones,George G. King, Preston King, Kuhns, Landry,
Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, .Mcducon, Miller,
Miner, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Penniman,Peikms, Rantoul,lleed,Sackett,Sehermer-
horn, Sntai t, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,Thaddotts Steven5',
Tayloi, Thui^totijTovvnshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Ward,
Washburn, Watkms, Alexandei White, Woodward, and
Yates—64.
NAYS—Me^rs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, John
Appleton, William Appleton, A*he, Averetf. Thomas H
Bayly, Risscll, Brag?, Breckinridge, Busby, K.C.Cabell,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Chas-
tain, Chuichweil, Clark, Chnginan, Cobb, John G Davis,
Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Ew-
ing, Faulkner, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Green, Grey, Hamilton, Hammond,
Harper, Isham G. Harris, Hart. Hendricks, Ifenn, Hibbard,
Houston, Howard, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, liobeit W.
Johnson, George YV. Jones, Kurtz, Letchei, Lockhart,
Mason, McLauahan Meade, Molony, Muiphy, Murray,
Nabers, Olds, Pea^lee, Penn, Polk, Powell, Richardson,
Robbms, Ross, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Sey-
mour, SkeJton, Smith, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Strother, Stu-
art, Sutherland, Venable, Walsh, Addison White, Wilcox,
and Williams—90.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred to postpone the further
consideration of the report until this day three
weeks; and, being put, it was agreed to.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I call up my motion,
made on Saturday last, to reconsider the vote to
refer to the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union the Senate bill apportioning the Sev-
enth Census.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is it in order
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. This is a privileged
question.
M r. SEYMOUR. So is the other.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order
when the gentleman can get the floor for the pur-
pose of making it; but the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanahan] is nowupon the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order for any
member to moke a motion to postpone the consid-
eration of the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order when the
gentleman can get the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed the gentleman
had yielded the floor with a view to the motion's
being put.
Mr. McLANAHAN. No, sir; I had not
yielded it.
The Clerk then read the title of the bill, as fol-
lows:
{i Senate biJlNo. 281, supplementary to an actpiovidin^for .
the taking of the Seventh and subsequent Censuses of the j
United states, and to fiv the numbei of members of the ;
Ilou<5C of Representatives, aad to provide for the future ap-
portionment among the several States, approved 23d May, !
1350." |
Mr. McLANAHAN. It is not my design, j
at this late day in the session, to make any j
decided opposition to the passage of this bill, j
My main object in submitting the report which j
accompanied (he bill, was to turn the attention !
of this House, and of the country, to the fact, i
that the constitutional provision for the apportion- '
ment of the census had bee*] -violated—and that i
the act of I8t">0 was a total d^farture from the |
uniform practice of :he Government from the be- 1
ginning. The law of 1850 bears a striking sim-
ilarity, m all its features, to the hill presented to j
President Washington, in 1792. It is well known j
that after full consultation with his distinguished i
Cabinet—Jefferson being Secretary of State—Pres-
ident Washington sent his first and only veto mes-1
sage, with this bill, back to the House of Repre-1
sentatives, where it originated. The bill fell under j
the weight of the constitutional objections urged !
against it by the Executive. And from 1792, up !
to 1842, the uniform practice was to divide by a !
fixed ratio—not the aggregate mass of the repre-
sentative population of all the States in the Union,
but the representative population of each sepatcUe
State, without regard to fractions. In 1842, this
practice was abandoned, so far as to admit the
representation of major fractions—fractions above
a moiety. Mr. Webster, in his celebrated report
as chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, avowed the doctrine that the icpresento-
tion of minor fractions would be unconstitutional.
The bill, however, before the Hcnso has re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate. I u as directed
to report it without amendment, by the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, and f have
now moved to put it on its passage.
Now, sir, inasmuch as the most of the States
in the Union have already formed districts for
their Congressional representation—thereby anti-
cipating the execution of the law—and inasmuch
as the presidential election approaches, and elect-
oral representatives of the several States must be
ascertained under the provisions of this bill, I am
willing that it should he acted on without further
delay. If the House see proper to pass the Sen-
ate Sill, I will not interpose any objection here,
although I must say I never can sanction its prin-
' ciples by voting in its favor. I am opposed to it
in the general and in the detail. I move that the
bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. KING, of New York. The motion to re-
consider must first be put.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman demand
the previous question upon the proposition to re-
consider ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. No, sir.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer
| the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr,McLANAHAN. Iwithd raw that motion,
and move to put the bil! upon its passage, and
upon that I demand the previous quesiion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read a third time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Desiring to
have an opportunity of recording my vote against
that bill, 1 call for the yeas and nays upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The resolution
. fixing the time of adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress, was returned by the Senate on
j yesterday, with an amendment. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up from the
1 Speaker's table that resolution, in order that we
may concur m the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I object.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Before mov-
ing to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I wish to offer a resolution
closing debate upon the river and harbr r appi opri-
ation bill. As to the time, I will state to the House
that it is immaterial to me, but the period for the
close of the session is drawing near, and I should
like the debate to be closed to-day if p-s^sible. If
gentlemen want a longer time they can offer amend-
ments. I offer this resolution: To close debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the river and harbor appropriation
bill, at four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
i this is*a very important bill, and many gentlemen
I are desirous to be heard upon it before the discus-
^ sion is closed. The resolution proposes a very
! short time, only ar, hour and a half. I move to
' amend that resolution by inserting Saturday next
at one o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I give notice tha-
if that should be voted down, I will move "to-
morrow, at one o'clock."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I hope, sir,
that my motion may prevail.
