1851,
THE C0NCi!«IQMAL GLOB®.
iif
generally had manifested most decided opposition
to early legislation on .this important subject* I
rose simply for the purpose of stating the fects of
the case, with the view of vindicating the secret
truth of history which had not been previously
revealed. My object was not tq implicate the
Senator from South Carolina or the Senator from
Virginia, but simply to enable us to have a better
understanding among ourselves, and to jet my
constituents, and thecitizens of the Southgenerally,
understand that there was a strong and earnest
desire on the part of influential Northern members
of this body to accord to the South.,ail that the
South could, claim on this point. That was my
sole object.
Mr. MASON. I have finished what I had to
say on this point, but I do not wish to take my
seat without saying a few words upon the resolu-
tion now before the Senate. What I shall say
must be brief, from reluctance to detain the Sen-
ate, as well as from my present condition, for I am
.unfortunately so hoarse that I can scarcely speak
at all.
i The resolution which is now before the Senate
is of a character which does not, in any form, ad-
dress itself to my approbation. I can see no rea-
son for it, and no occasion for it. As I under-
stand it, it declares that, in the opinion of this
body, the measures cited should be considered as
terminating all questions arising out of the insti-
tution of slavery. Now, I am not aware that
there is any State in this Union, except the State
of South Carolina, which continues to protest
against them. I am not aware of one of the
Southern States, except the State of South Caro-
lina, which has not declared, in the most emphatic
manner, to the majority in this Government, If
you will stop there, and execute in good faith the
Jaw for the reclamation of fugitive slaves, we will
acquiesce in what has been done. That being the
condition of the country, I can see no reason, no
Eropriety, in further interference with the subject
y the Congress of the United States. As to the
measures themselves—the law for the admission
of the State of California into the Union, the law
for the abolition of what is called the slave trade
in the District of Columbia, and the law for the
dismemberment of Texas—I have no change of
opinion to announce, no palinode to sing. I op-
posed them upon this floor by my voice and by
my votes; and when they passed, I united with
other Senators in a solemn protest against them.
-I retract nothing of what I then said; my opinions
of them renjain unchanged. But they have passed
to the statute-book; they constitute a part of the
law of the land. I have never counseled, and
never shall counsel, my people to further resist-
ance on account of these laws. If they are
allowed to remain as they are, and are efficiently
executed, there is no purpose or desire on the part
of the people of my State to disturb them, hardly
and unjustly as we have, in our opinion, been dealt
with by their enactment.
Such being the general feeling in those States
most seriously affected by these measures, where
is the necessity, where the propriety of disturbing
again the subjects they disposed of? As to the fu-
gitive slave law, I do not entirely agree with the
honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] as to the practical effect of that law. I am
not aware (unless it be in the first instance which
occurred at Boston) of any instance where the of-
ficers of the Federal Government, in the execution
of that law, have failed to do their duty. I am
aware that, notwithstanding what I really believe
to have been the fair and honest purpose of those
officeis to execute the law, 111 two States at least
it has been effectually resisted. I refer to the cases
in Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, and Syracuse,
New York. What was there done is now the
subject of judicial investigation; and I am content
to wait the result of that investigation, before I
form an opinion whether itis or isnot the intention
of those States to have the law enforced.
So far the law has d,one good. It has awakened
public attention to the necessity of having its pro-
visions carried fully into execution. It has at-
tracted around it the patriotic feeling of a large and
intelligent portion of the people in those States.
The subject is yet pending, and I am not prepared
to pronounce a judgment upon the result. 1 trust
that I am not hoping against hope when I say that
I believe, in time, and in good time, the sentiment
of the people of those States will be regenerate on
this subject. T-h$F will find that it carries with it
a portion of thejr constitutional duty; and they
will find, Also, that it caries with it the safety of
the Union. It has been pjace.4 upon tl^t distinct
i?sue by almost all of the Southern States, and
^Riong others by the State of Virginia; and I do
not despair of that law yet doing its offi.ee effect-
ually. -
Then as to this resolution further. I had under-
stood from gentlemen who voted for those meas-
ures as a compromise, that they were to be re-
ceived by the country as the great tranquilizing
measure of peace—to end the discord and ill feel-
ing which always attend the agitation of the sub-
ject of slavery in our deliberations. I object to
this resolution, because it is not the usual and prop-
er mode of legislative action. Our functions are
to express the legislative will of the country
through the forms of law and under the sanctions
of law. The resolution on the table has no sanc-
tion—none whatever. It is inofficious, and, for
whatever end introduced, its effect must be rather
to renew agitation than to quiet it.
We are all aware that while these questions
were pending the safety of this Union was most
seriously endangered; but, in the language of Mr.
Jefferson, I had hoped and believed that the billow
which threatened us had passed under the ship.
The public mind has become to some extent tran-
quilized. The people of the Southern States who
felt themselves aggrieved by it, if not reconciled,
are disposed to acquiesce; and in such condition
of things, I submit, to what useful end should the
subject be further agitated here? Sir, I did not
sympathize in the slightest degree with what fell
from the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Riiktt,] who addressed us yesterday and.
the day before, when he declared himself for dis-
union. There is no State which made greater
sacrifices to obtain this Union than the State
which I have the honor in part to represent. She
has made another great sacrifice to preserve it, by
her acquiescence in the measures which are re-
ferred to in this resolution. The transactions of
the past Congress, so far as they may affect the
institution of slavery, are with her matters done
with and ended. For what has passed, Virginia
does not seek disunion. None can look with
greater horror than do her people upon disunion
for disunion's sake. But the Union which they
cherish must continue a Union under the Consti-
tution. A Union by force, or a Union in which the
forms of the compact are alone regarded, whilst
the rights of the minority are violated, her past
history shows she will be the first to repudiate
and to disown.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
as I stated yesterday, it would be exceedingly
gratifying to me to obtain an early vote on this
resolution. If I could be satisfied that the Senate
would be now prepared to decide the question
involved in the resolution, I should not hesitate to
decline to address them, more especially as I feel
that my present physical condition is such as to
justify a desire on my part not to be compelled to
go through the labors of the debate now in prog-
ress. ] would say in addition, that if there are
honorable Senators here who are anxious to be
heard upon the question, and who do not design
making any extended address to the Senate, I shall
willingly give way. I mention this, because a
friend suggested to me this morning that he should
perhaps deem it desirable to be heard for a few
minutes in explanation of the position of his own
State in relation to this delicate question. I am
willing to give way, or to take any course which
honorable Senators may see fit to prescribe.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the honorable Senator
from Mississippi is not prepared to proceed with
his speech, which I kuow will take him sometime
to deliver, I have a few remarks to make, in con-
sequence of an allusion made to my State by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett.]
Mr. FOOTE. I shall give way to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I design to
make a statement, not a speech; for while I occupy
a place heje it is my intention to endeavor to make
myself useful as a working man, rather than con-
spicuous as a speech-maker. The observations
of the gentleman from South Carolina respecting
the execution of the fugitive slave law in Pennsyl-
vania, render it necessary for me to bring to the
notice of the Senate the whole truth upon the sub-
ject. The gentleman stated, ^ a very %i|
tory tone, that the fugitive slave 'lay had not g|)d
Would not be executed in any pf th-g ptjiej;
ern States; cited the .Christiana riots in Pennsyl-
vania, the recent trial in Philadelphia, and asserted
that not a hair of the heads of the offenders woujfi
be harmed; and if they were convicted of of{ifp|ySjg
against the laws, the Goyernor wou]^ pardoji tlie*TU
Kow, sir, this-?tateme.nt doeg tjie §tate which I
have the honor in part to represent,' great injustice,
and casts an imputation upon her, and the public
authorities, which I feel bound to repel." it calls
in question the fidelity of that State as a member
of this Confederacy, in a manner entirely unauthor-
ized by the facts; for there is not a State, old or
new, more loyal to the Constitution and laws, or
more devotedly attached to the Union.
Mr. President, I undertake to say to the Senate
that the fugitive slave law has been executed, and
will hereafter be faithfully executed in the good
old Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and that if
any man is convicted of riot or any other offence
in resisting it, the distinguished Democratic J3rov-
ernor elect (Colonel Bigler)'will not grant a par-
don, certainly not sooner than to any other offend-
er. The single instance, or rather exception, to
which the gentleman has referred, proves nothing
against the other facts of the case. Be'mighf as
well have cited any other case of riot in Pennsyl-
vania, to prove that we cannot execute our own
laws, and maintain the public peace. Is there
anything m the recent trial in Philadelphia that
goes to prove that the officers did not do theirduty?
Does any lawyer pretend to say that the distin-
guished judge (Grier) did not expound the law of
treason correctly to the jury, and did not properly
denounce abolition fanaticism > Would the hon-
orable gentleman have charged the jury in any
other way if he had occupied a place upon the
bench ? The zeal upon the part of the officers in
Philadelphia faithfully to execute the law, led
them, perhaps, to mistake the proper remedy and
undertake too much. In connection with the
Christiana case, another important fact should be
stated, to wit: that in nearly every week since
the passage of the fugitive slave law, fugitives from
labor have been delivered up in Pennsylvania.
The truth is, sir, that' if a prejudice exists in Penn-
sylvania which could obstruct the due administra-
tion of justice, it is against the Abolitionists.
But, Mr. President, I have still stronger evi-
dence to submit to the Senate in support of the
position I assume, and that is the action of our
State Legislature, and the result of the recent elec-
tion in that State. The fugitive slave bill became
a law in September, 1850. Shortly after that "our
Legislature assembled, and there being a large
Democratic majority in the lower House, and a
small one in the Senate, a bill was passed re-
pealing the State laws which were in contraven-
tion of that provision of the Constitution relat-
ing to the surrender of fugitives from labor. The
Whig Governor refused to sign the bill—the
Legislature adjourned, and he kept it in his pock-
et. In a month thereafter the Democratic party
assembled in convention, nominated a candidate
for Governor, (Colonel Bigler,) passed resolutions
in favor of the fugitive slave law, the compromise
measures generally, and the repaal of all obstruc-
tion laws. The candidate accepted the nomina-
tion, and in the most emphatic manner pledged
himself to carry out the views of his party,
especially in relation to the fugitive slave law.
The Whig convention met, and Governor John-
ston made a speech before it, in which he talked
about the right and duty of Congress to modify
the law, and refused to say whether he would or
would not sign the bill repealing the abstraction
laws. Here are the resolutions adopted by tlie-
Democratic Convention :
Resolvedt That the sixth section of the act of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, passed on the third of March, 1849,
denying, under severe penalty, thp use of our State jails for
the detention of fugitive slaves while awaiting their trial,
ought to he expunged from our statute-books, both b'ecausc
it interposes obstacles, by means of State legislation, to the
execution of the provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and because it is a virtual disregard of the prin-
ciples of the compromise, and is calculated seriously to
endangoi the existence of the Union.
Resolved, That the Democratic party of Pennsylvania are
true to the Union, the Constitution, and the laws, and will
faithfully observe and cxccute, so far as in them lies, aty the
nica-suies of compromise adopted by the late Congress for
the {impose of settling the question arising out of domesflc
slavery; and this not only fiom a sense of duty as good eifi-
s«ns of the Republic, but alsp freoi the kind aud fraternal
