1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
position, been rejected by us ! Surely, sir, farther
comment upon this is unnecessary. It may have
110 influence here. I have put it upon the record,
that it mav go to the country.
Mr. HUNTER. I have received the estimates
in regard to which the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Maxgum] made an inquiry a few mo-
ments a£0. The Secietary of the Interior esti-
mates §350,000 for the balance of this year, and
#(550,000 for the next year, making a million m
ail. The House of Representatives, however, cut
it down to $500,000, meaning; this appropriation to
extend to the end of the fiscal year 1853.
Mr. RUSK. I really must claim the fulfillment
of the pledge of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, that this bill should be postponed when the
hour for taking up private bills should arrive. That
hour has long since passed.
Several Senators. Let us have a vote.
Mr. DA."WSON. The declaration having been
made by the Senator from Arkansas that the pres-
ent architect had been rejected by the Senate,
when nominated for a situation similar to that
which he now holds, the presumption is, that the
rejection was in consequence of his want of ca-
pacity. That impression will do injustice to the
Senate, as well as to the individual, if it goes to
the country in that form. It was known—if I
may reveal what takes place in Executive session
—that that was not the cause of his rejection. The
nomination was for the pust of assistant architect
in building the custom-house at New Orleans.
Mr. MANGUM. You cannot speak on that
subject.
Mr. DAWSON. I will state my own views.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot reveal
Executive proceedings in the Senate. They cannot
be spoken of during legislative sittings, nor in tiny
case, unless the injunction of secrecy is removed.
Mr. DAWSON, i will not refer to anything,
only to say that his rejection h id no releience to
iiis competency.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I must claim llu>
fulfillment of the pledge of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I will give way to the wish
of the Senator from Texas, if such is the pleasure
of the Senate.
Several Senatous. Let us have the question.
Mr. SEWARD. We can dispose of the bill to
which the Senator from Texas refeis, after tins is
disposed of.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, 1 know
that this bill will pass by an overwhelming major-
ity, just as the French spoliation bill will jui^s
whenever it comes up. And it will no doubt pass
the sooner on account of the very great amount
appropriated. We send a bill to the House of Rep-
resentatives appropriating $10,000, and it comes
back with an amendment making it appropriate
half a million.
Just look at the galiei les on this occasion, and
witness the appeals that are made to the bettor
sympathies of our natuie. I should be glad if an
amendment could be inserted that <<500,000 shu 11
be given for this object, when alt the other objects
of utility in the West which have been so 'long
waiting for aid shall lie completed. But T know
we are destined to have another battle for our
Western waters, before this Congress adjourns.
And about that time, after all these pubiic build-
ings have been made to tower up to the clouds,
and all the dry-docks on all our coasts sha'I have !
been provided for, and all the paymasteis and
quartermasters in the cnuntiy, then there will be '
all sorts of efforts made to cripple our appropria-
tions. But 1 will nor detain the Senate, f know :
the bill will pass by an overwhelming nuijority,
but not by my vote.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr, President 
Mr. RLSK". I hope the Senator will allow me
ro say a word. It is evident we cannot get a vote :
on this question io-dnv.
Mr. MANGUM. Yes we can.
Mr. RUSK. I think it is evident we cannot. |
I came here this morning to ask the attention of :
the Senate to a private hill, that would not occupy '
five mmntes to pass or reject it. It is in favor of
a widow lady upwards of eighty years of age, an
heir of a revolutionary soldier, whose pension
was suspended for several years, because he went
out of the United Stages to Canada. The daughter .
of that ladv is herewithoutany means of support,
and subjected to incur considerable expense, and
i unable to employ any one as an agent in her be-
! half. If this debate goes on, the result will be that
i at the close of the day, there will not be a quorum
| left here to act upon any private hill, and we shall
i not be able to pass the bill for the relief of this
! lady to-day.
: Mr. BORLAND. I know that Senators who
desire to pass this bill are impatient of delay; and
[ have no desire to make factious opposition to it—
■ 1 make none. But 1 have objections to the bill,
and though I feel very sure that I cannot defeat its
passage, yet it is my privilege, and I believe it to
| oe my duty, to make known the motives which
1 actuate me, and place upon record the reasons
' which control my course.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] has very
properly called the attention of the Senate to the
circumstances connected with our legislation for
improvements on our Western waters. We know
very well the difficulties we had to encounter here,
the kind of opposition we met last year, and the
means by which appropriations for those objects
were defeated. We found Senators then influ-
enced by constitutional scruples, and all other
kinds ot .scruples that could raise up or suggest
opposition to an appropriation of about $2,000,1)00,
because a portion of it—a small portion, too—was
destined to the great valley of the West. We
found all sorts of opposition made, all sorts of
expedients resorted to, which legislative tactics
could suggest or tolerate, to defeat what we not
only believed, but felt, to be proper and necessary
appropriations. Appeals on behalf of the multi-
tudes of our people, who are annually destroyed
for want of those facilities and that protection to
, Western navigation, which have never been re-
fused to the Eastern section of our country,—ap-
peals weie made, but made in vain, to the sensi-
bilities, and to the sense of justice, of Senators. A
few hundred thousand dollars—less, sir, than the
amount of this bill—could not be appropriated,
because of Senators' scruples! Where are their
scruples now ' The Treasury is to be opened to
its coie, and millions are to be taken out, for what
we regard as an unncessary and an improper ob-
ject—a mere useless, nay, a worse than useless,
expenditure of money; and, to attain that object,
, this wedge of $500,000 is to be driven in, until all
the fastenings of our national coffers shall be rent
asunder, and the treasures they contain, coined
out of the sweat of our people, laid open to the
grnsp of irresponsible agents, whose only care
seems to be the expenditure of the largest sums in
the shot test time!
Let not Senators complain, therefore, at a few
obstacles thrown in the way—at a little time taken
for examination of this pet. scheme of theirs, by
those who regard the expenditure of millions to
which it will lead, as so much taken from our ur-
gent and legitimate wonts for mere fancy works
here at this seat of Federal power, and m viola-
tion , too, as we think, of all propriety, of all those
principles which should govei n, and all thoue rules
which should be observed in dispensing the public
tieasures.
No, sir; it is no factious opposition we make.
We only wish to be heard. Our claims have been
postponed long enough—alas, too long already,
for no year rolls by us without leaving'thousands
ot our people dead upon the waters, and millions of
our property swallowed up, because of your refusal
to extend that amount of relief and that measure
of prnteetion which we think and feel you owe
us. We cannot stand idle, and silent, and un-
moved, when we see you squandering millions
upon unnecessary works, and know that we are
to suffer in consequence of a postponement of our
reasonable and just demands by being coollv told
that theTreasuiy is exhausted.
Mr. President, it is enough to raise in our hearts
the strongest feelings of indignation, when, re-
membering the injustice we have been made to
heai, we see millions, au the mere Executive bid-
ding, freely poured out, not with the avowed, or
even acknowledged purpose, hut certainly with
the edVct, as all must see, to fill the pockets of
certain speculators who hover about tlus city, as
vultures about a carcass, to feed and fatten upon -
the Government: filling the cities'purlieus and the
Congressional galleries, and sometimes its lobbies,
and making up that outside pressure which is an-
nually filling the Treasury to repletion from the 1
people's hard-earned money, but that it may be
squandered in the hopeless task of filling the re-
|i morseless daughters of the horse-leech, whose cry,
still and unceasing, is " Give ! give!!"
|. When I speak of this outside influence, and of
(| people in the galleries, I do not allude to the
i. laborers who have been employed in this work
11 upon the Capitol. No, sir; they, however hum-
I' ble they may be, however unfortunate they may
j! seem to be, have my respect, and my heart's
I strongest sympathies. Rut, sir, I allude to that
heartless set—or whose hearts, if they have any,
. arc as hard and as cold as the blue stone, and as
' worthless as the mortar in those walls of which
j1 we have spoken—of that set who, wrapped in the
! hypocritical garb of sympathy for the laborer, but
i to cover their own selfishness, have imposed upon
these poor men, and would now use them as in-
I struments to extend their own obscene grasp still
, deeper into the public purse; who speculate alike,
! as occasion may permit, upon the necessities of
, the laboring man, and the sympathies of members
:: of Congress; and who, through the medium of a
hireling press, (not all the press, thank Heaven,)
denounce members of Congress whom they do
: not find pliant to their purposes, and seek to hold
, them up to the world ashard-hearted and unfeel-
ing. I wish to put upon the record this expression
; of the opinions and feelings I entertain on this
' .subject; so that, however much I may be misrep-
II resented and maligned in this latitude, fordoing
my duty, by those whose foul pockets I refuse to
1 fill out of the public Treasury, 1 shall, at least,
convey to my plain and unpretending, but just-
minded and honest-hearted, constituents at home
some idea of the true state of things here, and of
the motives which govern me, and of the reasons
which determine my votes.
Mr. DODGE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a few remarks
, only to make. I sympathize with the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, and from Iowa, inagreat
deal that they have said. I have asked the Senate
; once or twice, to take up a measure in reference
to our Western waters, but have not been able to
succeed; but this measure has come up without
any difficulty. Notwithstanding my sympathy
■ with them, I see the day is coming, and is near at
hand, when the valley which they and I represent
in common, will have a strong voice in this and
! the other branch of Congress, and when objects
, which we have at heart will, perhaps, have more
1 voices; and I hope as able heads to support them
as any we have now.
But, notwithstanding all that sympathy, I shall
vote differently from my friends on this occasion,
and I think it due to myself, as reluctant as I am
|l to consume the time of the Senate, to state why I
shall differ from them. I do it because it is not an
1 original question. T was opposed to the plan of
! extending the Capitol in the beginning; but you
have commenced the work, and you have appro-
i priated money, and expended some hundred thou-
sand dollars in its prosecution. Now, for reasons
assigned by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] for the stability of our legislation, for the
prevention of oscillation, which would place us in
,, a ridiculous attitude before the public, I am willing
to execute the plan which has been adopted,
j, Suppose you begin the construction of a fust-
tom-house, lay its foundations, and spend a hun-
dred thousand dollars, and then repeal the law;
suppose you begin a marine hospital, and expend
1 a hundred thousand dollars, and then repeal the
law—what an attitude would the Congress of the
United States occupy m the estimation of the
American people, if they would thus dot the
whole country over with public buildings and
public works, partially constructed, and then aban-
don them and the law without going any further?
Sir, 1 think we should lose in the estimation of
the public more by presenting such a spectacle
than by spending the millions which perhaps we
may have to spend before this structure is com-
pleted, although I think, like my friends, that thf
money could have bgen spent infinitely better in
another way. As to the idea of fixing the seat of
Government here by this expenditure, it will not
have that effect whenever the West think it best
to have it removed. You cannot tie it down by
dollars and cents. I thought it necessary to make
these few remarks, in order to account for my
vote.
Mr. BORLAND. I am glad the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has made one suggestion
