1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
in assigning the reasons fur his vote; not that i
think it a good one, nor that he will insist upon
it as good; but because, in connection with it,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to one
fact. He exclaims, what an attitude the Govern-
ment will be placed in, if it begins works of this
sort, expends money upon them, and then aban-
dons them ! He asks how it would look for the
Government to commence the erection of a cus-
tom-house, and expend $100,000, and then repeal
the law, or abandon the work' Does he not know
that that is precisely the course which has been
pursued in respect to improvements on the West-
ern rivers ? Dues he not know that it has caused
more mischief, and the loss of more money than
any other course that could have been pursued.''
Such a course as this, in regard to the West, was
and is ihe just ground of complaint against the
course pursued by the last Congress. It *vas the '
custom, in former Congresses, to appropriate a j
small sum, enough to remove a few logs from the |
rivers; and when the appropriation was exhausted, j
did thev make another? No, sir; they have left :
the whole Western valley "dotted all over," as j
the Senator expresses it, with unfinished works, j
and now requiring more money than it would !
have taken in the beginning to complete them. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope for better times, j
Mr. BORLAND. Sir, it is too late for the
Senator to say that the Government must not put
itself in that position before the world,—that its
reputation repudiates such a course. So far as
nrecedent is concerned, they are as " plenty as
blackberries." And, so far as my vote is con-
cerned, it is no matter to me whether we have be-
gun the work, or how much we have expended.
If, after it is begun, even if at first I had approved
it, I discover that it is improper and unnecessary,
I shall vote for abandoning it; while, on the other
hand, even if I had opposed it at first, I snould
vote for it now, if I found it proper and necessary.
Because we have expended a hundred thousand
dollars, or half a million of dollars on a work, and
now find it unnecessary, wherein consists the
reason why a million more .should be wasted on
it? Sir, we live to little purpose, if we are but to
follow out in the future the course we have pur-
sued in the past. Shall we not profit hy our own
experience? It seems to me that the argument of
the gentleman, if followed, would put us m a
strange position indeed. It is a new version of
the doctrine of precedent, which involves its advo-
cates in inextricable dilemmas.
Mr. DODGE. If! am at liberty, I will mod-
ify my amendment, so as to make it ^300,000,
instead of $250,000. •
The PRESIDENT. The amendment may be j
modified in the manner suggested by the Senator, !
with the unanimous consent of the Senate. j
The amendment was accordingly so modified, .
and the question was taken, and resulted yeas j
16, nays 24. _ j
Yil'VS Messrs. Adams. A11 'i 11 - o' i, norland, Braabnrv , i
Brodh'cad, Chase, Uodge of \Vi=eon«m, Dodse of Iowa, |
Douglas, Downs, Kin«, Xoms Rusk, Wade, Walker, and .
Mesf-is. Tip]], Derrien. Brooke, Clemens. Coop- j
or* Dawson, Pish, Beyer, Hale, Hamlin, H'inter. 1
Manaum, Miller, Morton, Pratt, Seward. Shields, hmith,
Spruance. Stockton. ^unth'-r, Underwood, and I phani ,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer. It is to strike, out all after the
word that, and insert the following:
To enable the proper officers of the Government to pay
the laborers who liave been employed on the extension oj
th<  Camtol the same amount of wages which they wouid
have received had they been employed up to the present
t;me, and one month's wages :n addition.
I do this to present, as it does, my views and feel-
ings in regard to the laborers, whose hardships
have' been so much talked of here. And it serves
me with an occasion, too, to mark, and disprove the
wdlful, mahcioas, and slanderous misrepresent- ■,
tions of my motives and purposes, wlucn have i
been made through the Administration organ in ;|
this city, to the effe-.t that 1 had thrown myself •
Une the hungry mouths of the laboring men. ,
and deprive them and their families of the means ;
of support ! wish to be placed right on the rec- j
ord 1 have no opposition to the honest laboring i
men of the country. They liaye my reroec and ;
sympathy. But, while I would take all caie of
them, and protect and provide tor tnem, I would i
mark, with the strongest reprobation, those heart-
less cormorants, and their hireling-advocates, who
feed upon the necessities of these laboring men,
and, in the same sordid spirit, would speculate :
upon the bones of their own fathers.
Mr. HALE. If it is in order I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order.
Mr. BORLAND I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment which I have just offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to make a speech,
but I simply wish to say that I shall vote against
the amendment; and if it is not adopted, I will
move to add it as an additional section, striking
out the words at the end of it, " one month's ad-
ditional wages."
The question was then token, with the follow-
ing result:
has in view. I agree with him in principle that
such things ought never to be done. I do not be-
lieve that they have any right to do it; and if this '
bill is so qualified by inserting this provision, how
will the matter stand hereafter? It will be as much
I as to say, that unless you make this provision in
j every bill by which the Administration is allowed
to disburse a certain amotint of money hereafter,
that Administration, for the time being, may go on
and make contracts and incur expenses ad libitum.
I am not ready to say that; and it seems to me
that this amendment would lead to the very thing
to which the gentleman is opposed. I think that
the Executive has no such authority now; and by
the adoption of that amendment, you seem to me
to say, and the legitimate inference will be, that
thev have such power. I do not believe it. *
Mr. BORLAND. I think I can answer the
Senators from Michigan and from Kentucky with-
out difficulty, and very briefly.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] says
that he sees no necessity for such an amendment,
because lie can conceive of no such power in the
officers of the Government. I agree with him that
ler, lvul?. iuanorv. .vi:uj< uiii, iijntfi, i <.m, i . o .
Reward. Shields, Smith, Spruanee, Stockton, Sumner, Cn- liio such power does rightfully exist, Uut this
YKAR—Mp«t« Adam*?, JSoiinnd, Brodhead, Chase,
Dodge of Iowa, Walker, and Wellet—7.
NAYS-—Messr*. Atchison, Bell, Uerrien, Bradbtitv,
Brooke, Ca^s, Clemens, Cooper, Dodse of VVi^conMn,
Douglas Downs, Felch, Fish. Gever, Hale, Hamlin, JIun-
ter, Km?. Mailorv. M:in«um, Miller, Morton, I'ratt, Itusjlv,
Reward. . .
derwood, Upham, and Wade—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer, by way of a pioviso, to come in
at the end of the bill:
Provided, Nothing herein contained &hal! he so con-
stiusd as to authorize anv ofiicor. or agent of tllfi United
States, to bind the United State- hy conti act, beyond the
amount appropriated by Congress, or to sanction any fencb
contract heretofore made.
] deem that an important amendment; because,
if the bill passes, I wish to have it properly guard-
ed. I ask for the yeas and nays on that amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I tint altogether in favor of the
proposition if it is a proper one; but I consider it
unnecessary.
Mr. SEWARD. What right have they to do
so, even without that provision?
Mr. CASS. The only question is, whether
: amendment is to make that certain, beyond dis-
j pute—is to make a positive prohibition of this
I power which is not possessed, but which this Ad-
| ministration seems to be constantly exercising.
\ Why, sir, in the answer of the President to the
I call for information as to the contracts, we find
j that the contracts cover the whole work for five
j years, involving some millions of dollars. Here
I Is the exercise of this very power.
! Allusion has been made to the deficiency bill.
! In that we have proof that not only have contracts
i been made, and debts contracted, beyond the
I amount appropriated, but in the very face of the
; positive and express refusal of Congress to make
, the appropriations. Why, before the preparation
j of the appropriation bill "of last year, estimates
I were sent in from the Departments, for certain
amounts for the public service; and after a long
debate, and hard struggle, they were refused—that
is, they were much reduced. The Administration
xvii x U1IP,       was told, in the most solemn forms of legislation,
thev could do so. I am in favor of the principle ' that only so much money, dnd no more, should
- j. * 1 1 .! .1,1.. .. .1 ' t .   J..1 :,A rtf tllD VMlKI COf.
of the amendment; but would not the adoption of
such an amendment authorize a general impres-
sion that the Administration did go beyond its
power 11 That is a tiling which I do not believe.
1 can understand that, under an administration a
deficiency may occur which might create tne
necessity of an expenditure beyond the actual
appropriations for a specific purpo'se. It might be
necessary to go beyond appropriations to keep
soldiers from starving; but I do not understand
the necessity of any Administration going beyond
be expended in certain branches of the public ser-
vice. Here was a positive rejection of its estimates,
i Yet, m despite of that, we 'find this same Admin-
' ixtration setting Congress at defiance—treating its
laws with contempt,'and spending millions of the
public money, not only without authority, but in
defiance of an express, positive, and solemn pro-
| hibition of law. And, m this matter of the Cap-
itol, we find again, with authority of law to ex-
j pend but $100,000, obligations upon the Govern-
ment have been incurred to the amount of millions,
UlC JiCtay ui oil v >— -     - - - t . ,
the appropriation, m a case of this kind, when 1 and for years to come. Sir, it is because there i
imperious necessity does not require it, and when no such lawful power—and yet it is constantly ex-
Congress does not order it. I do not believe the ercised—that this very provision is necessary. It
Administration has done it; but still, if any one , is to arrest and prevent this flagrant usurpation,
believes it, I am willing to make the declaration ; and dangerous abuse of power.
which is contained in this amendment. 1 know it is said that those contracts are not
Mr. HUNTER. In relation to the power of binding, because they are conditioned to be con-
anv Administration to make contracts, I believe it tingent upon the appropriations. Row, sir, we
is defined in the law of 1820. They may make know very well what that menus. We kno-vr very
contracts for supplies for subsistence in the quar- i well, and so does the President and the contract
termaster's department, and for certain supplies j ors, that if the materials be furnished, and the
for the Navy. They may make contracts with- l| work be done, whether by authority of law or not,
out appropriations, when specially authorized by ,! we will pay for them. Everybody understands
law and not otherwise. But, by way of abund- ! that; and hence the readiness to enter into these
contracts, and push on the work in advance of
appropriations. This has grown to an abuse
which it is necessary now to arrest and remedy.
I cannot understand how the amendment to this
ant caution, I am willing to vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a single word with ,
regard to the practical working of this principle. _    — _
UWnk it is within the knowledge of the Senator ; bill can create the necessity to attach it to another
the Administration  
opinion of the Attorney General, which was that
they could not go on. The consequence was t.iot
the work was suspended fur a whole year, because
fbey could not £0 on without money. I think
they have no such authority, and my objection to
the amendment is, that if it is adoptea the bill will
have tnco back to the House of Representatives, , vioiauon oi mc auuiuinj ^u.^™  
and it wfll be a month or two perhaps before the ; the clause m the appropriation bifi appropriating
appropriation can he made. I am in favor of Ae ; $100,000 for the North
principle, but as it is not necessary to declare it, Mi. RUSa.. Wi.
1 hope the amendment will not be adopted. CaJ?llnA . in •. moment I
!Y1r UNDERWOOD. I am afraid that the Mr. MAN6LM. Yes, sir, mam
gentleman's amendment will defeat the object he 'was about to say, that every con rac
cessary here, and ought to be adopted.
Mr." MAXGUM. The Administration, as I
was advised—and 1 have no doubt 1 was advised
correctly—or the managers of this work, which-
ever you please, have at no time exceeded their
lawful authority. They have made no contract in
violation of the authority conferred upon them by
