1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in
That seems to me to be a Southern doctrine rather
than anything peculiar to the North. All that
the North got began, and continued, and ended
with the admission of California.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I wish to correct
the gentleman with regard to myself. What I
meant was simply this, that, in my opinion, al-
though we of the South were opposed to the ad-
mission of California at the time when she was
admitted, I preferred that she should remain in
a territorial condition for reasons satisfactory
to us, but not at all based on thi supposition of
many of us, that her admission would be un-
constitutional. Although we were not particu-
larly anxious that the District of Columbia bill
should be passed through Congress in the form in
which it did pass, yet I have said that I am pre-
pared to maintain it. The South, the unaggres-
sive South: the South, that has never claimed any-
thing except the enjoyment of her domestic rights;
the South, that has stood firmly for the great prin-
ciple of non-intervention and non-aggression; the
South, that has only claimed the establishment of
internal government, without any instructions on
the subject of slavery;—that South, even in this
compromise, has obtained, in my opinion, every-
thing she claimed, which was simply a strict adh er-
ence on the part of Congress to the provisions of
the Constitution. I did not say that the South, in a
matter of bargain, had got the advantage of the
North. I did not undertake to say that in a
scheme of management the South had out-man-
aged the North. I did not say that there were
any essential advantages secured to the South by
this plan of adjustment which the Constitution
had not previously most amply secured. Noth-
ing of the sort. But I did say, and have always
maintained, that although we were opposed on
grounds of expediency to the admission of Cali-
fornia at the time that she was admitted, and op-
posed to it for reasons not, in my opinion, very
important to the passage of the District ofColum-
bia bill in the terms in which it did pass, yet that
the plan of compromise, as a plan of compromise,
was, in all its essential features, marked with the
true spirit of moral equity, and, as such, ought to
be and was satisfactory to the South, she never
having claimed anything at the hands of her sister
States of the North but simple justice, and a strict
and faithful adherence to the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I am confirmed again. The Sen-
ator did say that the South had got everything
they claimed. Now, I did not say that the South
had claimed anything which was unjust.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman certainly inti-
mated that the South claimed something which the
Constitution did not give her.
Mr. HALE. I do not know where the Senator
from Mississippi saw the intimation. He might
have felt it in the secret sanctuary of his own con-
science, but he could not have seen it in anything
which I said, for 1 did not say any such thing; I
did not mean to intimate any such thing. But the
Senator did say, and 1 think he said it with great
truth, that the South had got everything which
they claimed. When the historian of our land—
and I do not know whether Bancroft has brought
his book down to this period or not—but when
our historian has written up to these times, the
last chapter of our history from the foundation of
the Government to the overthrow of the universe,
it will be read that the South got everything they
claimed. It has been so from the beginning; it is
so now; and I have no doubt that it ever will be
so. If the North were to speak the language of
truth to the South, when we hear such reflections
and taunts as we heard yesterday, our reply, how-
ever mortifying it might be, would be the language-
of Balaam's beast to him when he smote him:
"Why hast tliou beaten me these three times?
Am I not thine ass, upon which thou hast ridden
ever since I was thine?" [A laugh.] That,sir,
would be the truth of history.
I was proceeding to relate in my own way some-
thing which had passed between myself and my
constituents when they had asked me what the
North had got by this compromise. There was a
question raised some years ago m the other House
about what was called the " Wilmot proviso." I
think the vote upon that question was nearly, if
not quite, unanimous .from the Northern States.
I do not know that the vote was quite unanirnous,
but there were certainly very few exceptions.
That vote, if ever there was a vote of the House
of Representatives that did it, spoke out the sen-
timents of the North. That was the matter upon
which issue was joined. There was no dispute
then about any fugitive slave law; there was no
dispute then about the admission of California;
there was no dispute then about whether we should
give Texas ten millions of dollars, and a hundred
and fifty thousand square miles of land not to
make war upon us. The sole and simple ques-
tion which agitated the public mind, and divided
the public councils, at that time, was the applica-
tion of this Wilmot proviso to our Territories.
That is settled, and what have the North got there?
How much of this territory has been appropriated
to them ? Not one single inch. You had a north-
ern majority here in the two Houses; you mgde
the law for that territory; and as if-you were not
certain that slavery would watch its own interests
carefully enough—as if you had doubts that that
institution which had watched with sleepless eye
the progress of this Government from its first in-
stitution to the present moment, and would not be
quick to grasp every advantage that might possi-
bly accrue to it—your Northern men invited the
South to carry slavery there. It was not enough
that you left it open, but you put in the bill a sug-
gestion to them to take slavery there. You said
to the South, " Take your slaves there, and it
shall form no objection to your admission as a
State at a future day—you may come in with or
without slavery, as you choose." The South
knew that before, just as well as they did after the
passage of the act. It seemed to me that it was
entirely unnecessary to put that into the bill by
way of suggestion; but there it is. That is the
way the question was disposed of. There was an
entire and utter abandonment of principle in rela-
tion to every inch of the territory. California was
admitted; the fugitive slave law was passed; and
in the whole series of measures, I do not know of
anything which passed in which the most brazen-
faced man that ever stood up before an insulted
constituency, could tell them there was anything
favorable to the North, unless in the admission of
California. I do not know of anything else. The
law abolishing the slave trade in the District of
Columbia was, if I understand it, exactly the law
of Maryland. We just assimilated the law of the
District to what the law of Maryland was. True,
we got nothing. We did not get the shadow of
anything, unless it was the admission of Califor-
nia. And now we are called upon to vote that this
system of measures called the " Compromise," is
to be final and conclusive in everything except
that which had the shadow of something which
was favorable to the North. That is to be left
open for repeal.
The Senator says that he would not put the
compromise above the Constitution. Well, would
he put the compromise above the Constitution in
any other respect except in the admission of Cali-
fornia5 The fugitive slave law is but an act of
ordinary legislation. Is that law above the Con-
stitution ? And suppose that some sovereign State
should come here in her sovereignty and ask that
it should be repealed, is the question not to be
opened ? I understand this compromise perfectly,
and I understand this resolution perfectly; and if
they were put in the meaning which, m effect,
they carry to the public mind, the resolution would
read thus: " Resolved, That the South having got
everything they claimed, they will be content until
they want something more; and when they want
something more, they will take it." [Laughter.]
If they want California divided, they will have it
divided. If that is not enough, if it is found that
these institutions for which these champions are
ever so zealous and of which they are so jealous—
if they find that these emigrants who come in such
fearful numbers, as was portrayed by the eloquent
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] and
fill up this territory and make free States, and it
is found to be necessary for the protection and ex-
tension and perpetuation of human slavery that
Cuba should be annexed, I wonder if the compro-
mise would be regarded final as touching that?
No, sir; not at all. Whenever they want any
more slave territory, they will have it. Pass your
compromises and cover them over with resolutions
every session, they are only calculated to be bind-
ing for the present, until something further is
wanted.
Mr. FOOTE. The resolution contains nothing
against the acquisition of territory.
Mr.JH ALE. Thegentleman suggests that there
is nothing in the resolution against acquiring terri-
tory at a certain end of the Union,
Mr. FOOTE. Anywhere.
Mr. HALE. I threw these questiohs out that
the Senator from Mississippi may see what is la-
boring in my mind, and why I cannot vote for
the resolution with the light which I now have.
But there is another subject which has addressed
itself to my mind, which I want the sense of the
Senate upon in some way or other before the ses-
sion is over. I want to know if it is intended by
this compromise, and by this resolution, to en-
dorse the doctrines that have been promulgated in
the judicial administration of this law ? 1 want to
know if the odious and infamous doctrine of con-
structive treason, which brought Charles the First
to the block and which drove the second J«mes a
wanderer from the throne of his ancestors—I want
to know if the doctrines of constructive treason,
which have been broached in gome instances by
very high authority, are to be baptized in this sen-
atorial font by this resolution of approbation which
we are to pass ? Sir, I think that here, if nowhere
else, in the great council of the nation, the atten-
tion of men, of patriots, ought to be directed to
this outrage which is perpetrated on the Constitu-
tion and laws of the land, and upon all the ideas of
constitutional liberty which every man who is read
in English or American history must have enter-
tained'smce theRevolution of 1688. I want to know
if the framers, the founders of the Constitution,
when, with that foresight which belonged to them,
acquainted as they were with the history of the
country from which they came, they inserted this
provision into the Constitution: that " treason
against the United States shall consist only in levy-
ing war against them, or in adhering to their ene-
mies, giving them aid and comfort," imagined that
it was to be overridden by this compromise, or its
administration ? 1 look upon it as one of 'the main
dangers of the times, as one of the most alarming
facts that the history of this country has devel-
oped, that the judiciary of the land have been so
swift to prostrate and to prostitute themselves be-
fore the operation of this law, so as to override,
and nullify, and destroy that great safeguard of
constitutional liberty which the framers and found-
ers of our Constitution thought they had secured.
I hope that the honorable Senator from Mississippi
will let us hear from him upon this subject.
I want to know if the fugitive slave law, which
confessedly takes away the trial by jury from per-
sons claimed as fugitives, also takes away the
right of trial by jury from every one who may
come in contact with the operation and adminis-
tration of this law ? I think this is a subject which
has not yet attracted the attention which belongs
to it. Evil precedents and evil examples always
gro%v up in this way. In times of great excitement,
when a very popular, or a very unpopular, cause
is before the country, men 'a minds become excited,
and, in the' madness of the moment, they resolve
that which it seems they could not have resolved
if their intellects had not been scathed by the
Almighty. They utter something which in after
times is seized upon as a precedent, and works the
most dangerous consequences to the interests of
the country. I hope that before this subject is
finally disposed of, this matter will attract-and
receive attention.
I trust it is not necessary for the preservation
and conservation of any institution in the land,
that that great principle of constitutional liberty
which has been ingrafted upon the Constitution
by its founders^ and which they learned by the
bloody history of the Revolution the necessity of
inserting, shall not be overridden by any attempts
to give peculiar force to the administration of the
fugitive slave law.
I wish to throw out another subject, on which
I trust the Senator from Mississippi will speak;
for it was alluded to by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina. When I have spoken upon
this subject, I have been in the habit of speaking
plainly. The honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Rhett,] when speaking of the great
difficulties which embarrassed the Sou'h in this
matter, said, in effect, that the majority of the
judges who had been sent by the dmrciyUation
into the newly-organized Territories of t/tsh and
New Mexico, were supposed to be those "who
would give a judicial construction to the law, un-
favorable to what he thought was the constitutional
