1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
been entered into with the view of having materi"
• als at hand where the work should be done, has
been made on the express condition that appro-
priations shall be made by Congress; and there is
no obligation whatever, either upon the President
or upon Congress in regard to these contracts, un-
less Congress shall choose to make the appropria-
tions.
One other remark. I was prepared to vote for
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] when it should be
offered, but I hope he will not propose it upon
this bill. I shall vote for it as a matter of punish-
ment to ourselves, for having been delinquent in
doing our duty in the right time. I mean the
amendment in regard to the payment of the labor-
ers. I hope the Senator will not persist in his
amendment, because if the bill is not passed as it,
came from the House, it will have to go back
there, and will be much delayed, and the work
will never be got under way. The season-, the
public interest, the advancement of the building,
every consideration requires that we should pro-
ceed forthwith. I trust,therefore,that theamend-
ment will* not be offered to this bill, for the one
especial reason I have just assigned.
As to the amendment of the Senator from Ar-
kansas, it involves a principle, the truth and pro-
priety of which I have never heard anybody dis-
pute. But we understand from gentlemen who
are no doubt well informed upon this subject, that
the law already furnishes sufficient security in
reference to this matter; and why should we re-
enact here that which is already provided for? I
do trust, therefore, that this amendment will not
pass, for it will send the bill back to the House of
Representatives, and delay action upon it.
Mr. GW IN. I do not intend to oppose the pas-
sage of this joint resolution; but if the Senate in-
tends to prohibit, or withdraw its sanction from,
the contracts which have been made, it is abso-
lutely necessary to adopt this proviso. I have
some knowledge of the manner in which these
contracts are made. Contracts have been made
for the whole of the materials which are to be
used in the building. To be sure, there is a pro-
viso in all these contracts that they shall be of no
effect to an amount beyond the actual appropria-
tions; but whenever an appropriation is made,
the contracts hold. I know that such is the con-
stant practice in all cases of this description. I
know this was the practice when some of our
large custom-houses weie built. A contract is
made for the whole, and a proviso put in that the
contract shall not be binding unless the appropri-
ations are made; but if made, it stands. If we
intend to prohibit contracts being made beyond
the amount of the actual appropriations, this pro-
viso is absolutely necessary; for if it is not put in,
contracts may be made at once for the whole
building and all the materials, with a proviso that
they shall not be binding untilthe appropriations
are made, but that when the appropriations are
made, they shall be binding.
Mr. BORLAND. I know that the provision
of which the Senator speaks is 111 all the contracts
which have been made for materials for the exten-
sion of the Capitol. In each of the contracts there
is this provision;
" It is also cxprubsly undct>tood and agreed by the pai-
ties, that if Congre^ shall atauv tunc tail to make the ne-
cessary appropriation* for the execution of said wot k, then
and hi such ease the execution of this conttact -hall be sus-
pended, without thereby creating any claim on the United
States by the contractor."
I know that is in all these contracts; but does
not everybody know that if the work and labor is
done, we will recognize it and not deprive the in-
dividuals, who have done the work and furnished
the materials, of payment, although the debt may
have been improperly contracted? if his clause
would not exonerate us. It would in a court of
law: but it would not exonerate us if the men
should furnish the labor and the materials, and
then come before us and ask for payment. In
that case, would weiefuse it? Who believes that
Congress would refuse to pay for labor and mate-
rials thus furnished? Is there a member of the
Senate or the House of Representatives who would
vote against paying for them in such a case ? No
one could do it in conscience, or in common fair-
ness. Therefore the clause in the contracts which
I have read, amounts to nothing at all.
Mr. GWIN. The gentleman has mistaken my
argument entirely. I say the proviso is necessary.
Mr. CLEMENS. I shall vote against this
amendment, and against all other amendments
which may be offered to this resolution. As I
understand it, the law now prohibits the President
making contracts beyond the actual appropriations.
Then if you put this clause in the resolution, you
do not strengthen it. If he will disregard a law
already in existence, what is to prevent him dis-
regarding this? If you cannot punish him for
disregarding that, how are you to punish him for
disregarding this? How do you strengthen the
law by adopting this provision ? What good does
it do? What is the effect of it but to send the
resolution back to the House of Representatives?
I shall vote against it.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for this appropria-
tion. I voted to reduce it, and thought we ought
to have done so. I believed that we might, per-
haps, have produced a little economy by that
course. The greatest abuses that I have noticed I
m my short service here are the interminable j
claims that are created by these agents. You make !
an appropriation, they are bound by law not to go j
beyond it; but they still enter into these kind of ;
contracts, by which a claim is created against the !
Government. Gentlemen may say it is notalegal 1
claim; that it is made conditional upon an appro- j
priation of Congress. If they make the appro- I
priation, then it purports to be a binding contract. I
It is true that they may make another contract. I
But here they have gone on and contracted for the j
whole of the materials for the building, which is j
certainly a reckless extravagance in the matter. I
It is true, under the law, possibly this contract ;
might be set aside, and a new one made if cheaper i
and better materials could be procured; but, then, j
have you not created here, in the very teeth of,
and contrary to the law, and contrary to good |
policy, a sort of equitable claim that will fill your I
galleries with agents pressing 011 you to relieve |
such contractors by appropriations of money as j
damages ? It is the greatest abuse in this Gov- !
ernment, and one that must be stopped, or it will
rum it. You made an appropriation some time !
ago for running the boundary line between the J
United States and Mexico. You sent a commis-
sioner there; he exhausted that appropriation,
and, if I am correctly informed—and I received
my information from an intelligent gentleman—
three fourths of the money has been squandered
upon objects not at all appropriate to the expedi-
tion; and here, in the deficiency bill, is an appro-
priation of #80,000, to cover that deficiency which
has been expended in collecting lizards, bugs,and
plants, and one nonsense and another, which he
was attending to, whilst the commissioner on the
part of Mexico was absolutely cheating him out
of a large portion of valuable territory, properly
belonging to us, and of vast importance to the
United States. We have that appropriation to
make. You are informed by the quartermaster's
department that drafts are coming in, which can-
not be met, constantly. Well, sir, it is time to
stop this kind of expenditure.
When the appropriation of $100,000 was made,
what gentleman, who voted for it, dreamed that
a contract or contracts with favorites (or not, I do
not care; it makes nodifference, because I do not
know anything about the contractors or about the
agents employed; but still it is opening a door
which may be used improperly) for several mil-
lions would be made depending simply upon the
appropriations by Congress, which, I must say,
have always heretofore followed too much as a
matter of course? We are embarrassed in regard
to this measure. First, I want this work to go
on; it is proper and rightthat it should. Next, I
want to relieve these laborers—these men who get
but a very small pittance out of this; and in order
to effect that object, to do justice to these few
laborers, I am bound here to sanction this mon-
strous assumption of making contracts for several
millions of dollars, to extend, perhaps, through-
out ten years, for the materials to be used upon
the building here.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Rutldinp-s of the
House of Representatives, who has orven more
time to the examination of this matter than I
have, that the whole amount of the contracts made
amount to about $419,000, which is less than the
appropriation contemplated in this bill.
But I rise to another question, and that is, as to
the propriety of this amendment. I made a state-
ment in relation to the law of 1820; the section is
a short one, and I will read it to the Senate:
u No contract shall hereafter be made bv the Secretary of
State, or of the Treasury, or of the Department of War, or
of the Navy, exccpt under a law authorizing the same, or
under an appropiiation adequate to its fulfillment, ex-
cepting always contracts for the subsistence and clothing
of the Aimy or Navy, and contracts of ttie quartermaster's
department, which may be made by the Secretariesof those
Departments."
The exceptions are for the quartermaster's de-
partment, the subsistence and clothing of the
Army and Navy, and when Congress, by a law,
authorizes a contract to be made, but makes no
appropriation. The difficulty that may arise in
relation to this law is, whether it is such a law as
authorized this contract or not; therefore it was,
that I said that out of abundant caution I was dis-
posed to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas; and I shall do so, becauseit leaves
no doubt on that, question. If there can be any
doubt, it must arise on the question whether this
is such a law—if the joint resolution passes—as
will authorize a contract, without appropriations.
If the amendment is passed, it will leave no such
doubt. They will have then no authority to make
contracts, except as appropriations are made; and
I think that would be the safer course; I am,
therefore, willing to accede to the amendment, and
shall vote for it.
Mr. BORLAND. I, perhaps, owe an explana-
tion to the Senator from Texas, as it was on my
statement he based some of his remarks. I stated
that the contracts amounted to some million dol-
lars. That was my inference from the report
which I have before me, which was made in an-
swer to a call of the Senate. So far as I have
been capable of understanding that report, or as
anybody has explained it to me, thecontracts cover
the whole work. How much that will be, I do
not know, and cannot know; and I do not believe
we have any evidence that will enable any one to
know; and that is one of the objections I have to
the passage of the resolution—that it is a sort of
entering wedge to the expenditure of money, the
amount of which we cannot estimate. How much
it will be, I do not know; but my inference, and
the only inference I can draw from the report that
has been sent in to us embracing all the contracts,
is, that it covers the whole work. If it does not,
then I am incapable of understanding the report.
The question being taken on the amendment, by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin Dodge
of [owa, Downs, Fetch, Gwm, Hanihn, Hunter, Kins:, Mal-
lory, Nome, Rusk, Shields, Stockton, Sumner, Walker,
and Weller—at.
NAY'S—Messrs. Berrien, Clemens. Cooper, Dawson,
Fish, Geyer, Hale, Maneam, Miller, Morton, Pratt, Sew-
ard, Smith, Spruatice, Underwood, tJpham,'and VYade—
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair has in his posses-
sion the amendment which was offered by the
Senator from Arkansas, I will now offer it as
additional to the amendment of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will bring
that question up in a separate measure, and not
as an amendment to this resolution.
Mr. HALE. I would not offer it but for the
fact that we have already made one amendment,
which will create the necessity of sending the res-
olution back to the House.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have drawn up an amend-
ment which I think will suit the gentleman's pur-
pose. It is to add—
"That the laborers employed upon the Capitol shall be
entitled to and receive pay for the time during which the
work was suspended, according to the regular prices at
which they were originally engaged."
Mr. HALE. I accept that.
Mr. HUNTER. For what time are they to
receive pay?
Mr. HALE. Up to the present time.
Mr. HUNTER. From when ?
Mr. HALE. From the time the work was
suspended.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand that these men
were brought here by advertisements which were
published inviting them to come, and a stipulated
price was promised to them. They have been kept
here while the work has been suspended, and have
been unable to obtain employment. I propose to
pay them for the time they have been kept here
during the suspension of the work.
