lis
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
law- of these Territox'i'es. I do not hoW know
what the facts of the caSe are, but I do know this;
that whatever may be the character of the ter'ri-
torial judges, there is a tribunal that sit£ beneath
ffii's Senate chfthb'er, which is the very citadel of
American slave'ry, and that it Will be perfectly
sAfe here; Whatever the territorial ju'dgfes lAay say.
I knfc-W that althoa'gli' a very laVge lft'ajority of the
people of these Territories m'ay "come from the
free States, yet the sleepiest and Watchful guar-
diems of that peculiar interest have retained, arid
Will retain, in the organization of that court, a
nityority of Werribers who form their local 
Mr. STOCKTON. I aih altogether unac-
quainted with the rules Which govern the order of
the Senate'; I do not, therefore', know exactly what
course to take except this—to say that, as an Amer-
ican citizen and a Senator, I cannot sit here and
titkr fcuch lailgu&g'e in refei'en'ce to' th'e Supreme
Court of the united States, without doing some-
thing to arrest this course of debate. I call the
Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Jersey calls tile Senator from New Hampshire to
order. The Chair does not think himself at liberty
to decide that the Senator from New Hampshire
is out of order, inasmuch as his remarks do not
Siwp>ly either to this body or to the other House,
Ine rules particularly protecting the other House
against any improper allusion on.thepart of mem-
bers of the Senate. It is for the Senator himself
to determine how far it is proper for a member of
tfrjij branch of the Government to hold up either
to, ridicule or denunciation, another coordinate
■ branch of the Government. It must rest with
himself.
Mr.HALE. Thehonorable Senator from NeW
Jersey misunderstood the application of one re-
mark that I made, and that was, in reference to
the prostration and prostitution of certain influ-
ences. This remark did not apply to the Supreme
Court of the United States, because no case grow-
ing out of the fugitive slave law ever came before
them. I confess that I had supposed it was but
a legitimate range of debate to comment upon the
proceedings of other branches of Government; and
thought I had authority for it, from remarks
which have been thrown out this session,in com-
menting oh some of the duties of the President of
the United Slates. 1 supposed that the President
of the United States was a coordinate branch of
the Government, as much as the Judiciary, but
re'm&rks reflecting on the conduct of the President
of the TJhited States have been indulged in at this
session. 'If my reading is right, there has hereto-
fore been a good deal of latitude allowed in de-
hate, not only in speaking against acts, but in
impdftrhing and impugning his motives. I have
only said that the constitution of the Supreme
Court of the United States was composed of a
majority of men who, from their local position,
are supposed peculiarly to represent this interest,
and that the advocates of slavery would always
find a safe citadel there. They may be driven from
the ^Senate, but it will be a great while before that
comes to pass; for these twenty-eight States will
not come in so fast as the Senator from South
Carolina fancies. I have found that it is always
States that are called free that, when they get into
Congress, and go to voting, are found voting on
the side of what the Senator from South Carolina
would denominate the fanatics. They are some-
times very conservative in their views; and there
is a great deal of truth in (lis lemark which the
Senator from South Carolina made yesterday, that
the North were South in theHouse sometime ago
on this subject; that is, the North sustained slavery
in its demands; but he said the South were not
true to themselves. What was the reason ? Why,
it was because Northern servility outran Southern
arrogance. That is the reason. They saw North-
ern men ruining themselves at home' among their
constituents by the depth to which they yielded,
and therefore it was that some from the South gave
way and said, they would not slaughter their
friends at home by asking them to sacrifice them-
selves for them. That is the reason the South did
not get al! that some Southern men desired.
Some of those Northern men found what Gen-
eral Scott found when he was ordered to Mexico.
They found a fire in the rear, and they began to
find that the fire in the rear was hotter than the
fire in from; therefore it was that there was a
chajigs brought about on the floor of the House
r
of Representatives in reg&rd to the subject of
slavery. I say, and I repeat, with all the respect
which is due to the "Supreme Court—and I am not
going to say how much that is—reading the re-
ports of their decisions Whenever that institution
haS ccraie before 'them, the most jealous friend of
slavery ctmld not fail to have his fears quieted as |
he read in the BO'ok of the Chronicles the doings i
of th&t tribunal in regard to the institution which
is the subject of his affections. No, sir, all the
proceedings of those territorial judges, be they
What they may, must come for ultimate supervis-
ion and correction before this tribunal of the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
I have not, as I said, been making a speech. I
have been putting forth matters by way of inter-
rogatory, for the purpose of opening that reservoir
of information and instruction which will soon
pour its learning upon the Senate, in the hope that
the darkness under which I am laboring—the cloud
which obstructs my vision—may be illuminated.
I confess that there is another dark speck in the
horizon. It seems to me that these compromise
measures have not had that quieting effect upon
the nerves of gentlemen which their friends anti-
cipated. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] to whom I listened with
a great deal of pleasure and some instruction, did
not seem to be quieted, if the honorable Senator
from Mississippi is not going to bag his game,
and go home in a hurry, 1 may hope to reply to
that Speech at some future day. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina says the condition
of the South is infinitely worse than it was before
these compromise measures were passed. He
says that before their passage there was a com-
parative state of quiet, not perfect, for nothing can
be perfect in this world, but there was a compara-
tive state of quiet until these " distinguished men
of the Senate" came with their soothing palliatives
and healing plasters to cover up these bleeding
wounds, but that since they have, the case has
been infinitely worse. Well, the Senator from
Mississippi seems now to think the disease must be
treated on the homeopathic principle, and that, as
these compromise measures m several acts have
produced such a state of irritation in the patients,
a small dose by way of resolution, will certainly
cure the disease. I do not believe it. I believe,
with great deference to the better judgment of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, that theintro-
duction of this very measure—-of this very resolu-
tion, has not been healing, quieting, and soothing.
I know it is out of order to make personal allu-
sions, but I think thehonorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] mentioned in his speech
that it had not had that effect on him, but that it
rather opened old wounds which he had hoped the
healing influences of time might have cured.
Mr. KOOTE. Has it had a soothing influence
on the Senator?
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator makes a
personal appeal to me; he wants to know if it has
had such an effect upon me, I confess that it has
not; nor did the original (lose in the first instance.
I thought it ill-judged and ill-advised, and I think
so now. I think it was the greatest misnomer
that ever was known to call it a compromise. I
think the honorable Senator from Mississippi has
very rightly named it when he says that the South
got all she claimed; but he adds that she did not
claim anything but what was right. I remember
hearing a controversy about the freedom of con-
science in old times between a Quaker and a
Presbyterian. The Presbyterian told the Quaker,
" You have liberty of conscience; you have liberty
to believe what is right, and nobody should have
liberty to believe what is wrong." The honor-
able Senator says the South got all she claimed;
but he consoles us and applies a palliative to our
irritated feelings by telling us that she only claimed
what was right. I thought that we of the North
claimed nothing but what was right. We claimed
that the Government should go on in its old
course. We claimed that that system of legisla-
tion, older than the Constitution itself, sanctioned
by Washington, and by all our Presidents, from
Washington to James K. Polk, affirming and de-
termining the right of legislation over slavery in
the Territories, should be adhered to. We asked
that there should be no new lights set up for us
to follow. We asked that we might go on as in
the old daya of the Republic—that we might walk
in the footstepe which Washington himself had
planted, and guide our way by the light which
his successors hsd shed upon the path of duty.
That wag all we asked, and we humbly thought
we were asking nothing but what was right; but
the Senator from Mississippi comes and asks us
to reverse our steps—to retrace our progress,
and nullify and stultify the legislation which has
marked the history of the country from the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and before the adoption
of the Constitution, to the signing of the Oregon
bill, and give slavery free liberty to enter upon all
theTerritories. The honorable Senator asked us
to do that, and we did it; and then he says we did
no great things after all, because he only asked
us tb do what was right. When he asked us to
give up a principle which had been consecrated
by the continued practice of the Republic from its
first days to that moment, he asked us not only to
say that there should be no legislation against
slavery, but that we should invite slavery to go to
the Territories. Now he says it was right, and
we did well.
Sir, I should like to see a spirit of candor, and
Northern men and Southern men sit down and
candidly talk over the compromise, and count up
their winnings and losings. What have the North
given up ? Why, when a citizen of the free States-,
black or white, is claimed as a fugitive from labor,
all that a Northern man has ever held sacred in
the institutions of human government, he has to
surrender. He has the trial by jury, and the ha-
beas corpus, and the right of personal replevin-
all are to be thrown into the scale, and surrendered
at once. And is that all? No, sir. He is called
upon, after he has done all this—after he has
yielded to the last inch, every claim, and every
demand that are made upon him, and it is said
that he cannot have the reputation of being an
honest citizen unless he is ready once in twelve
months to rcendorse the act, and to swear to the
compromise.
I am afraid that if we magnify this compromise
much more, it will come, by and by, in the polit-
ical creed, to usurp the place of the famous reso-
lutions of '98; and that instead of their being a
standard and measure of a man's orthodoxy, it
will be this compromise. I thought it was ill-timed
in the beginning—I thought it was ilUtimed to call
it up now to have it rechristened. It seems to me
to be an impeachment of the orthodoxy of those
who passed the act. Sometimes we know that
when a man is converted from one sect to another
pretty rigid one, although his children may have
been baptized in the form of his old faith, they
have to be rechristened in the new. It seems to
me that that is the attempt which is made now. It
is an impeachment of the orthodoxy of those who
passed the act, and as if it gave a force and validity
which the original act did not. Therefore it is,
perhaps, that we, in our wisdom and strength, are
to reendorse and rebaptize it, and tell the good
people of the United States that this fugitive slave
law in particular is a good one. If this resolution
is to be adopted (although T have been accused
sometimes oif offering amendments with sinister
views to defeat the original resolution) I shall
question whether it is not my duty, as a member
of this Congress, to add some other acts to it, and
to include m the resolution other measures which
the last Congress in their wisdom enacted, which
are good, and ought to be observed and, carried
out, until some sovereignty wants it altered, for it
seems to me that that is all the limitation which
the Senator would impose.
Mr. POOTE, of Mississippi. I simply rise to
say that 1 am desirous of having an opportunity
of vindicating this poor resolution of mine against
the opposition of extremists in the opposite sec-
tions of the Union. I had expected to see this
happy harmony between gentlemen of extreme
opinions North and South; I had expected them
to feel that sweet concert of action and sentiment
here, and my anticipation has been fully realized.
But I am exceedingly anxious, feeble as I am, and
inadequate as I am to the performance of the task,
to have an opportunity of meeting these extremists
of the North and extremists of the South upon
this subject. I am anxious to have an opportu-
nity of showing to the whole country that this
resolution has been wholly misunderstood in its
character and bearing, and that it is calculated to
have a very different effect from that which the
honorable gentleman who has just taken his seat
thinks it likely to produce.
