1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
Mr. HUNTER. For the whole winter?
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not know, nor do!care,
•what may have been the length of time. That
does not aflfect the question whether they ought
to be paid.
Mr. HALE. It certainly cannot be a new
principle to pay men who have been " waiting
orders," and I think that if there has ever been a
set of men waiting orders, it is these workmen, j
I understand that a great many of them have been ]
induced to come from a great distance by the ad- |
verlisements of the officers of the Government.  
They came here expecting work. They have
been here during; the whole winter. They are out
of money; they aie out of credit; and they are
out of heart. I trust that wc shall pass this
amendment, so that they will not be wanting, in
all respect, for the candor and good faith of the
Government.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to hear the amend-
ment read again, in order to see whether itdescribes
who are the workmen to be paid, and whether it
can be ascertained at all who have been waiting,
and will be entitled to claim pay; or whether all
the workmen in the city of Washington and in
the city of New York are to be paid.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. WELLER. I believe some of the work-
men went home, and are engaged in other work.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want some gentleman
who has examined the subject, to tell me, if he
can, how this work was carried on? Was it done
by contract? Did contractors engage to carry on
the work and employ their own laborers? or was
it done by officers of the Government, who were
•charged to carry on the work? I want to know
what was the nature of the contract under which
these men were employed before I vote. If some
gentleman can inform me, I would be giad to re-
ceive the information.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask, also, whether, j
besides the laborers who have been out of em- j
ployment who are to be paid, those who may j
have found employment elsewhere, are also to be •
paid by the Government? I
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that this ques- j
tion is very easily understood. If the officer ,
whose duty it shall be to execute this provision of I
the law, be a man of common sense—a man of '
common fairness and honesty—he will have no
difficulty in carrying it out. It refers to the labo-
rers—not to the superintendents, but to the labor-
ing men who get their seventy-five cents or a dol-
lar a day for their manual labor, in erecting this
building. We all know what we mean by labor-
ers. It seems to me that those Senators who are
willingtomake this large appropriation of §500,000
need not stop at all. They need not hesitate to
pay the small additional sum which is proposed
to be paid to th-e poor men who have been kept
here, and have had to live, with their wives and
children, on expectation, during a long and severe
winter. Many of them, I know, are almost in a
state of starvation. 1 see many of them daily who
are fit objects of relief. I do not care whatamount
it costs. I would vote more to pay them than I
would to build the Capitol. This appeals more
strongly to my sense of justice, and my sense of
public duty, and our common feelings of human-
ity. I think it is the highest obligation that can
rest upon the Government to relieve the necessi-
ties of those men who have been brought here
without authority, as I contend, and kept here
without authority, but not by their^ fault, but by
the fault of those whom they have intrusted with
the power and with the money, to whom we gave
credit before the country to operate upon the minds
of these laboring men. We have incurred, there-
fore, an obligation which we cannot, in my opin-
ion, now repudiate. I, therefore, will vote for
this amendment, if it costs double the amount that
it is proposed to appropriate for the continuation
of the work on the Capitol.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I must try again to get
some information. If the gentleman from Arkan-
sas can answer my question, I would be very glad
to hear from him.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not introduce the
amendment—it was the honorable Senatot from
Illinois.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I see nothing at either
end of the Capitol but some stone work which
has been done. Now, I want to know whether
that stone work was let out upon advertisement to
contractors, or whether it was done by an officer
of the Government, employing men to do it? I
want to know what was the nature of the con-
tract, if I can get at it.
Mr. SEW ARD. It was done by day labor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman from
Arkansas can tell me the nature of the contracts,
and how the work was done, I should be very
glad to obtain the information.
Mr. BORLAND. If the gentleman wishes to
know what the agents, and architects, and super-
intendents appointed by this Administration, have
done, and how they have done the work, he must
go to other sources. I have no means of know-
ing it. The gentleman must ask his political
friends, who are carrying on this work, and are
now asking this large amount of money at our
hands to continue it. If he paid any attention to
the remarks which I originally made, he might
recollect that I stated that this work was carried
on at an expense five or ten times as great as it
ought to have been. Whether it was done by
contractor not I do not know; but I expert it
was done by day labor, and that the superintend-
ents, getting their live dollars a day to superin-
tend, took especial pains to employ as many la-
borers as they could, and to keep them doing as
little as possible. I have stood myself, for an
hour at a time, and looked on at the work; and I
think that two good men could have done more
labor than was done by ten at that lime.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have made various
inquiries after information from the gentleman
from Arkansas, because I thought, from his con-
nection with the subject, that he would be enabled
to give me the information. He tells me I must
go elsewhere and hunt it up; theiefore, I do not
still know how these laborers were employed, or by
whom they were employed. 1 do not know what
contracts were made on entering into employment;
and, in the total ignorance undpr which I labor in
regard to these points, the gentleman gets up and
says that the laborers are entitled to claim against
the Government so much damages, and that
therefore we have nothing at all to do but to pay
them. I, for one, cannot legislate upon any such
grounds. I never give a vote, unless I know the
propriety of giving it, and see that there is justice
in it. If these laborers have been employed du-
ring the suspension of this work, profitably for
anybody else, and made double as much as they
are to receive by their contracts, is it proposed
that they are to pocket this too? Can anybody
tell me anything about it? Are we to vote this
blindfold, fur sympathy ? Why, if so, it is worse
than any material aid granted to Kossuth, as great
a humbug as I conceive him to be.
Mr. GWIN. It is very evident that this work
has all been done by day labor. These parties
aie not contracted with at all. I take it for granted
that the architect advertised for laborers—that
thev came here, and that they were employed by
the day. There is no contract about it; but I con-
ceive this to be a very dangerous precedent. If
you pay these laborers for the time the work has
been suspended, you will have to pay other labor-
ers on every public work in the United States
when it is suspended, and the laborers are thrown
out of employment in consequence of the failure
of the appropriations. Why, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance knows very well that ap-
plications are being made to us constantly to put
appropriations in the deficiency bill for such ob-
ec.ts, because it is said if we do not make appro-
priations now, the workmen will be thrown out of
employment at some future period. There will
be a precedent here established if we adopt this
amendment, by which laborers can come m and
receive compensation during the interval after one
appiopnation is exhausted until another is made.
Such applications will come up from every part of
the Union, and there is no telling what amount of
money it will cost the Government.
Mr. COOPER. If the amendment is to pass,
I think it ought to be amended.
The PRESIDENT. It is not susceptible of
amendment. It is an amendment to the amend-
ment of the House.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest, then, m or-
der to obviate the difficulty, and to make it reason-
able, to insert in my amendment, after the words
" laborers that have been employed," the words,
(( and who have been retained, but kept out of
[i employment."
Mr. COOPER. That is the amendment which
r "was about to suggest.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to have it in any-
way, so that we may get a vote.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let the language of the
amendment be, " laborers who have been em-
ployed and detained here waiting for employ-
ment. "
Mr. WELLER. I know a great many people
of that sort.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment can be
so amended by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word in answer
to the Senator from California. I think he has
taken a mistaken view of this question. Congress
frequently suspend work from Thursday to Mon-
day, or from Friday to Monday. I want to know
whether those who are waiting here, draw for Sat-
urday and Sunday; because if they do, there is a
precedent. Further, I have been informed that
there are some members here, who sometimes sus-
pend labor with a view to go home, and stay some
two or three weeks. I have actually heard it inti-
mated that I have done that very thing. [Laugh-
ter.] I want to know whether the Secretary, when
he makes up the pay roll, deducts the per diem for
that time. I have heard it said further, and £
think it is a fact, that members of Congress who
receive eight dollars a day, do, in addition to that,
vote themselves a vast amount of books, which cost
something like $1,000. I think it has been done
at this session for new members. And whatdo
we do here besides? At the end of every session
we vote an additional compensation to laborers
who have been here—not waiting pay—to our
messengers, clerks, pages, and everybody else.
We give them a donation of some $250 or $500,
and nobody's constitutional stomach is disturbed;
but when we come to the mere laboringman, who
gets but little, and that little is exhausted, consti-
tutional objections rise up, like Roderick Dhu's
men, from every bush, and coppice, and hill, so
thick that it is almost impossible for a man to make
his way through; and people are wonderfully in
want of information. I wonder why gentlemen do
not want information when some other case comes
up than that of the day laborer. Look at the Navy
Register of men, " waiting orders," and see men
getting §2,600 and $3,000 a year, who have been
" waiting orders" almost ever since they came out
of their cradles. There are no constitutional scru-
ples in regard to that; there is no bad precedent
there; but is a wonderful bad precedent to propose
to pay the day laborer while he has been " wait-
ing orders."
Mr. President, let us have the vote. I am sorry
that £ have had to make this speech. I will admit
any modification of the amendment, with the sense
of the Senate: but just let us have a fair vote, and
do something like justice to men who came here,
who left their homes, and who have been living
on what little they earned, and then living on that
" hope deferred" which 44 maketh the heart sick"
and the body faint. I trust we will do justice to
them.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to modify his amendment?
Mr. IIALE. Yes, sir; any way Mr. Cooper.
says. [Laughter.]
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
modified by adding the following:
" Provided, That they "hall not be entitled to such pay
unless they remained unemployed at the seat of Govern-
ment, awaiting the appropriation."
Mr. RUSK. We can very frequently express
great sympathy for the suffering of individuals,
and in our conduct, so far from carrying out these
sympathies, by a particular process defeat the
very end which we seem to have in view. I re-
gard it, that this amendment will have precisely
that effect. Here are a number of laborers that
have been thrown out of employment. That fact
is known. The contracts under which they came
here are not known. We are not in a condition,
from want of information, to do them justice at
, all. Suppose that we adopt this amendment, and
j it goes to the House, does anybody suppose that
| it will not be discussed there, and that it^wiU not
j delay the passage of the joint lesolution' Now,
j sir, whether or not is it better for these men, who
j are idle and wanting work, and who cannot go on
I from the want of this appropriation, which has
1 been delayed week after week—many of whom
! are without credit in this city; brought here by
