!8©L
ths pomMmmMAi* 0,mm
119
•Certainly it is not at all astonishing that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] and the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. R#ett,] should be opposed to this
resolution. It would have surprised me exceed-
ingly if either of them had been in favor of it,
because all must understand that the resolution is
not calculated to produce additional agitation or
to disquiet the public mind. It seems to be
strongly censured by gentlemen not very remark-
able, they will permit me to say, for the manifes-
tation of a proper willingness to allow the public
mind North -and South to remain in a state of
quiet and composure. The opposition of these
gentlemen is the best recommendation to the reso-
lution, and will serve to show to all that the resolu-
tion is such a one as should be adopted by the
Senate.
I did not rise at the present time for the purpose
of replying to the remarks of these gentlemen, but
simply for the purpose of suggesting to the Senate
the claim which! feel that I have upon their indul-
gence, to allow me an opportunity to reply to the
Senators from New Hampshire and South Caro-
lina to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. I feel it to be but an act of jus-
tice to the judiciary to say something in relation
to the remarks of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I participated in the same feelings which
actuated my friend fromNewJersey, [Mr.Stock-
ton,] when he rose to the point of order. What
does the Senator from New Hampshire mean,
when he says that so long as the Supreme Court
of the United States is organized as it is, we must
expect the influence of the judges in favor of sla-
very? Is it hisobject to say that that Court should
be constituted differently from what it is consti-
tuted under the Constitution of the United States?
Is it to its organization, as a judicial tribunal, that
he objects? What does he mean?
Mr. HALE. What I meant to say was this:
That the division of the United States into judicial
circuits, is such as to give a majority of judges
upon the Supreme Bench to those localities in
which the institution of slavery is sustained.
Mr. BUTLER. Then the Senator undertakes
to say that the judges who come from the south-
ern portion of the-United States are not honest?
for it amounts to that. As far as I can speak of
the opinions of the Supreme Court, I can say that
I have discovered nothing of the tendency attrib-
uted in the decisions of the judges from one por-
tion of the Union to the other. In the case of
Prigg and the State of Pennsylvania, the judgment
was, I believe, prortounced by a Southern judge,
and I believe it has been generally understood to
be one of the most unfortunate decisions, in its
effects upon the South, of any that has ever been
made by that bench. I believe that Judge Wayne
was authorized to draw that opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. Judge Story delivered that
opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. I am informed that Judge
Story delivered the opinion in that case, but Judge
Wayne certainly concurred in it. The judges
were not divided in their decision by any geo-
graphical line.
Since the gentleman has been so bold in his ex-
pressions, I defy him, in the face of this Senate, to
produce a single case in which the Supreme Court
has deliberated on any matter affecting the institu-
tion of slavery in accordance with the sections of
country from which they came. The gentleman
has made a bold assertion, which he cannot sus-
tain. The strongest opinion ever given on the
Supreme bench, in relation to this subject, was in
the case of Frigg the State of Pennsylvania, in
which Judge Wayne, the extreme Southern judge,
gave a separate decision, concurring with Judge
Story. Has it come to this, that because judges
in the original organization of the Supreme Court
under the Constitution,and at a time when honest
men were disposed to preserve and observe
it were sworn to observe the Constitution and
the laws of the land—they can have it imputed to
them that, if they come from one section of the
Union, they are less likely to be honest than those
who come from another? If the gentleman in-
tends to have a reorganization of this Court, I
presume he wants to have it in such a way as to
give a preponderance to,the Northern section.
If you will select a lawyer from any section of
the United States, and place him upon that be^nch,
"if he is an honest man, I would .?.s. soon trust him
if he came from the North as if he came from the
South. I am not one of those who believe that a
judge can act under the temptations of a demagogue.
Placed on that bench—elevated above the ordinary
excitements which too much influence political
controversies, they have nothing to do but to ap-
peal to the Constitution, and be governed by their
consciences in the administration of justice. I will
not, as a Southern man, allow myself to suppose
that any of the considerations imputed to South-
em judges would influence Northern judges^ while
in the discharge of the high duties devolved upon
them. I will not make such an imputation upon
the judges of the North. It is a casuistry of mo-
rality which will allow gentlemen to make such
charges to pollute the public mind. I would rather
have heard of any other department of this Gov-
ernment being assailed, because the other depart-
ments may have their representatives and advo-
cates on this floor. The President has his advo-
cates here. The different political parties have
their advocates. The Judges of the Supreme
Court have to take the aspersions of everybody
who may think proper to make political capital by
attacking them. I am a very unworthy person to
speak for them on this occasion, and I do solemnly
declare, so far as regards their opinions on the
subject of slavery, in looking through them, I have
not been able to discover anything like a bias,
North or South.
Mr. HALE. One fact cannot have escaped the
attention of anybody who has been in the Senate
for the last few years, because it is a fact to which
attention has been called. There was a great con-
stitutional question of law, upon which there was
difficulty. I allude to the question whether slavery
was or was not abolished in the territories acquired
from Mexico by the operation of the Mexican
laws. It was remarked as a very astonishing fact
upon the floor of the Senate, that every Senator
who spoke on that subject, living south of a cer-
tain geographical line, took one view of the con-
stitutional question, and those living north of that
geographical line, took a contrary view.
Mr. WALKER, Mr. BUTLER, Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, and others. It is not so.
Mr. DOUGLAS- That is contrary to the fact.
Mr. HALE. I say that the fact was so stated
upon the floor of the Senate. Such is my recol-
lection. There may have been some exceptions,
and gentlemen will remember them if there were.
The general fact was, that lawyers on one side of
the line pronounced that, the question of constitu-
tional law ought to be one way; and lawyers on
the other side of the line pronounced that it ought
to be the other way. If there were individual ex-
ceptions, they have escaped my recollection. This
fact was alluded to in a speech delivered to the
Senate by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase.J
It is no impeachment of a man's integrity—what-
ever the Senator from South Carolina may con-
sider it—to say that a man's opinions are influ-
enced, bent, and biased, by the circumstances in
which he may be placed—by the localities and
influences amid which he may be educated. It is
to say-nothing more than to say that man is hu-
man. That is the fact, and the history of the
country will show it; and we are not so blind as
to shut our eyes to an existing fact, because we
think the fact is not consistent with the highest
degree of purity in mankind. Such ^is the fact;
it always has been, and always will be so until
human nature is regenerated.
What did I say about the Supreme Court? I
said, and I repeat, that I believe it is the citadel in
which this institution of slavery has been pro-
tected, and will be protected; and 1 say that the
constitution of that court—not its constitutional
organization, for-the circuits are organized by act
of Congress—1 say that these judicial districts or j
circuits, are so organized that a majority of the 1
judges upon the Supreme Bench are from those
parts of the country in which the institution of
slavery is upheld. The Senator from Ohio alluded
to this in a speech which he delivered to the Senate
some time ago, and in that speech demonstrated, j
by reference to the history of the country, that it
had always been so. If it has Hot always been j
so, and if Southern gentlemen have had such ;
high confidence in Northern lawyers, I wonder it j
has not manifested itself m the legislation of the .
country. |
Mr. CAQS- Does the honorable Senator mean <
to. m^imate, ti^at the, four judges from tke non- !
slaveholding States h£.ve .uniformly gone against
the five judges from the slaveholding >f tatW, in ref-
erence to this question"? " v " "v
Mr. HALE.' I did not say fuiy such.tlung.
Mr. CASS. Then it was.ncit owing to tile di-
vision o,f the districts.
Mr. HALE. I did not mean any such thing.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina al-
luded to that; and he' says tliat jrou cannot find a.
case in which the judges were divided in their opin-
ions by geographical lines. ' Welf, can '.the Sen-
ator from South Carolina find a case where Sen-
ators upon this floor have divided according ,to
geographical lines? Can he find it "in the other
House ? But to return to the point. If these gen-
tlemen have such high confidence in the integrity
of Northern lawyers, why has it happened that
they have never trusted a majority of Northern
lawyers on that bench ? If they have had such
confidence in the learning and the integrity of
Northern lawyers, why, in the name of God, has
it not manifested itself in the legislation of the
country? No, sir. The territory coyered by the
free States is vastly larger, and their population
and business is vastly larger than.that of.the slave
States; yet this interest has always been careful;
or, if it has not always been careful, it has always
accidentally secured a majority of Southern gen-
tlemen upon that tribunal, from the beginning of
the Government down to the present time. It
would be time enough to talk of having confidence
in the integrity of Northern lawyers, when you
shall have shown yourselves willing ,to trust a
majority of them to try those cases. You never
have trusted them, and, my word for it, the day
is far distant when this confidence will be mani-
fested in the organization of this court.
I know that 1 am speaking m a Senate full of
lawyers. I believe that more than nine tenths of
the body are lawyers. I know what the feelings
of lawyers are in regard to judges. I know that
respect for courts is a part of their very, nature;
and I suppose that I have as much of that in my
constitution as most men. But with all of it I
say, and 1 repeat it, I appeal to the country to bear
me witness, I will make the issue before the world,
I will state what little reputation attaches to so
humble a name as my own upon the assertion,
that upon the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States rest the final hopes of the insti-
tution of slavery. I have said this without im-
peaching their integrity. I have said nothing
about their integrity; and the remark which the
honorable Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stock-
ton] attributed to me, about some judges pros-
trating and prostituting themselves before the
influence of this institution, (lid not apply to the
judges of the Supreme Court, but elsewhere, be-
cause there have been no cases under this law
before that court. I stand to the general truth of
the remark which I have made. I believe what I
hafre said, that it has been constituted with that
object in view, with the hope that th,e anchor of
slavery might there rest in a sure place. A major-
ity of that court have been selected for their local
positions. In saying this I do not mean to say that
a man coming from a certain latitude is a dishonest
man. No such thing. I have said nothing from
which that can be intimated. What I have said
I repeat, that the judges of the Supreme Court are
nothing but men. T think I have seen as good
specimens elsewhere, Being nothing but men,
from the necessity of their moral and intellectual
constitution, it must be that they are influenced,
more or less, by the institutions and influences of
the places from which they come. This is what I
have said, and this is what I stand by.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to correct the Sen-
ator from Ncnv Hampshire in one particular. He
has fallen into a great mistake, when he says that
the Senators south of Mason and Dixon's line
thought alike upon the particular subject to which
he alluded. In reference to the continuation in
full force of the laws of Mexico, I expressed the
opinion, upon the floor of the Senate, that they
did so continue, in response to a question put to
me by the late Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Dayton,] some years since. I have entertained
that opinion from that day to this, and have
avowed it on all suitable occasions. After the
compromise bill was reported by the Committee
of Thirteen, I contended that that provision which
prohibited the local Legislatures from passing any
law in respect to^sjavsry .within thes.« territories,
