1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
the Government, and have been suspended in their !
work—would it not be better for them if this res- !
olution passed, without this embarrassment, which j
will create discussion, and delay the passage of j
the resolution: There will be a discussion on it, :
beyond all doubt, in the House of Represents- 1
tives The passage of the bill will, perhaps, be |
delayed two or three weeks longer by it. Should ]
we keep them in that state of starvation, under !
the delusive hope that. they are to get some extra
pay ? If this is a claim, (and I apprehend it is a
#ood claim against the Government of the United !
States—they have been brought heie by the Gov- !
eminent, and have been thrown out of employ- .
ment by it,) it can be put m another bill, and not ■
embarrass this. ;
Mr. HALE. 1 want to say that I have no pur- ;
pose of embarrassing this resolution by offering 1
this amendment. 1 gave early information that i ■
would offer it but upon the suggestion of some of
(he frienus of the resolution that it would pnibar- ,
rass it in the other House; 1 refrained, and did not i
offer it; and it was not until after another amend-
ment "was agreed to by the vote of my friend from !
Texas, who has read me so kind a lecture, which ;
created th.e necessity of the bill going back to the ■
House, that ] offered this amendment. Now, sir, :
if some gentleman who voted for that amendment 1
wiil move to reconsider it, I will be willing to with- .
draw this, and put it forwaid in a separate measure.
If any suggestion is made to the effect that the i
amendment will be reconsidered, I will withdraw 1
this.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot, for my life, see that the
amendment which lias been adopted in relation to 1
preventing gentlemen making contracts upon sup- ;
positions of appropriations hereafter to be made, ;
can meet the slightest objection in the Lfou^e. 1 ■
understand the only objection whu.h was made j
here to it was, that it euvited the necessity of |
sending it hack to the House; hut I am utterly j
mistaken if the amendment which i<5 now under '
consideration would not ei eufe discussion there. T
understand from members of the [Xousewho ought 1
to know all about it, that the amendment which '
we have adopted will not create any discussion 1
there, and that it is likely this one will.
Mr. DODGE, of lowd. 1 demur to ur^uing
n.'nout the amendment which has been >ul op ted. 1 !
til ink it is decidedly a salutary one, and I wish to 1
hold on to ii. More than that; I wish to defend
the people's llepieseiUativcs from the imputation
which my friend from Texas makes upon them.
If the Senile, with its aristocratic feature, its kim .
years, and everything else, dues an net of justice,
to the workm;; men,) take it that the more'imme-
diate Representatives of the people of this country j
will not dnre to withhold then consent. I have no
fears o|'that sort. This amendment will pass there !
tn.e'll more easily than it will pass tins hod v. 1
hope we shall adopt h. •• The IuIkhit is woi thy
of iiis hire.''
Air, SEWARD. I think tint the honorable
Senator Smiii A rkan>-'as, who, I L"!ie\e, fivers
tins amendment,and who romphuiii'd of tliemter-
ested influence winch is brought to hear upon '
CniiKie ;s by the i^athei in^ of these laborers, would
lind that a stronger influence would he created
against the passage of tins resolution, if this
uiueiidtiien; should lie ie_o eed to. ft would have
as ;,ncat « tendency to make a delay m its p,i-!st^e
as any iliat was ever Annul to delay a. bill' before
Congress, furthese iaboieis, u un ,,([ then fueiids,
would li.ue the authority of the Senate tor the
position that they ou^iu to he paid until the hill
passes, ii it should he iu August or September,
Hist as much as if they winked all the time. ' ■
.Mr. StiliiLDS. I merely wish to make a
short reply to the honorable Senator from Texas,
who seemed to intimate that this amendment was
intended, peihtxps, to deteut the measure. Cer-
tainly ! have no such intention us that. On the'
contidiy, I look upon this as the most equitable
prov.oini in toe whole resolution, and certainly 1
ih.cnk i' (,v;!i? to lueet, with the strongest support ;
in toe Hon"? oi Represeuta'ive?; and I will state
why til a few minutes. As f unders-and it, these
men were br.m-nt here by pulilic. advertisement.
Tiiey u-ere promised ^uninterrupted employment. ,
They came heie. When the appropriation was!
exhausted they expected to be employed, and I
tliey iverc Kept here from day to day, us I luuler- '
stand it, by the agents of tiie Government who !
had the control of this work. Thnt is my under-,
standing; that these agents expected that an appro-
priation would be made immediately for this pur-
pose; they did not want to break up the arrange-
ments they had made, and they kept these laborers
here from day to day. It is not the fault of the
agents, nor of these men, but it is the delay of
Congress. Now, the only question in a case of I
this kind is, whether it is just and equitable to ;
allow these men daily wages for the time they j
were thus detained by officers of the Government I
for the purpose of being employed upon this i
work? !
It is said this amendment will defeat the resolu- |
tion, as it will have to go to the other House. I j
should not have offered or insisted upon this j
amendment if uprevious amendment had not been ;
made. But it goes to the House now,and if they !
refuse to pass this amendment and it comes back
to us, and gentlemen are anxious to pass the res-
olution, we can recede from it. But let it all go
together if it is just. If this is not just, vote
against it at once. If these men are not entitled j
; to pay for the time they have been kept here by [
\ the agents of the Government, watting, as I have )
already said, and expecting that everyday an ap- !
propriation would be made, then reject it; but if it i
is just that they should be paid, then let all go to i
the House together, and let us see how the House !
i will act upon it. My impression is, that this will
! be the strongest provision in the lesolution when j
! it goes back to the House. !
Mr. RUSK. In the few remarks which i had .
the honor to submit to the Senate, I cast no im- i
' putatious upon the motives of any one. I am 1
; not ill the habit of casting imputations upon any
! one's motives. 1 attempted to address myself to \
' the effect of the provision. Nor did I make any i
charges against the representatives of the people :
j of tile United States. ;
Nil-. DODGE, of Iowa. If my friend under- '
I stood me as making any assertion of that soit. he .
misunderstood me very much. I desued simply
to say that I had not the least doubt that any
i amendment of this sort which we might adopt \
j would be readily adopted by the other House. I
1 made no sort of implication against the Senator's :
| intentions. ,
| Mr. HUSK. I am glad to receive the mforma- <
; tion, though 1 would not consider it a very high !
! compliment to pay to the House of Representa- !
I tives to say that they will do nothing but register i
i the Senate's decrees. I have not the least objec- !
! tion to paying these laborers what is equitable and
1 right. I will vote to pay them whenever a propo- 1
I sition is presented of a proper character. I will '
j be one oi the first to vote what I conceive to be
' equitable. Beyond that I will not go. I will go
I that far whether there is one laboreror a thousand
| to be affected by it. This amendment as it has i
been modified, is in these words:
"That tin; laimrcis employed upon Hie Onpito! <.h;iU lie
ninth d to -iiul iccfivc pity <11111112: the tune lor winch the
woik was suspended, nccnidnig to llic reutiliir puces at
winch they vveie originally engaged : I'rovulrd, That they
I shall net be entitled to saicti pay unless they ii'inaiiied un-
' eiopiovcd at the scar of Government, and waiting the ap
j pjopu.llinn."
j Now, what sort of an amendment is that'
; Mr. I1R0DHEAD. It is all right.
_ Mr. RUSK. Some gentleman says it is all
right. Let us see whether it is or not. Suppose '
the case of a man with a family, who was engaged
on this work at two dollars a day, but who has
been out of employment: That man, if he prop-
i erly regarded his family, would go and woik at a
quarter of a dollar a day if he could not get more, '
in order to endeavor to support his family; and
yet the fact that he did get employment at a quar- ;
' ter of a dollar or half a dollar a day, would ex- i
elude him from the benefits of your justice. It is !
only the idle man who will not employ himself,
! but who goes to grog shops and walks about the
| streets, who is to get the benefit of this justice,
j Will not the House of Representatives be likely
i to discuss a proposition of that sort? The objec-
tion that I have to it is, in the first place, that it '
embarrasses this resolution, and in the next place
that it is not digested in such a form that I can
\ vote for it. If there is ally distinction to be made, !
1 would prefer to pay the man who showed his
I industry by working for small wages when he t
j could not get larger, rather than reward one who I
would not work at ali.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that this is a pecu- j
! liar case, and it demande peculiar action. There 1
is a great number of laborers who have been in-
vited here to aid in a great public work for which
an appropriation was made. They have been
collected in this District, where there is very little
demand for labor, and being thrown out of em-
ployment, they become necessarily destitute of
the means of support. This is not like a large
city, such as Philadelphia or New York, where
labor is constantly in demand; but being thrown
out of employment here, they have no means of
livelihood. We have been in session for over four
months. The appropriation made for this object
has long since been exhausted. We have suffered
time to pass on without making another appro-
priation, .and I feel myself responsible for it to
some extent. Some two months since, or more,
some of these very men came to me, and I told
them that I expected we would make an appro-
priation immediately. I encouraged them to re-
main, inasmuch as an appropriation would cer-
tainly he made in a few days. But I have been
deceived; the measure has been delayed until the
session is half over, without any good reason un-
der heaven why we have not made the appro-
priation. Under these circumstanccs 1 am willing
to pay a just and reasonable compensation to these
men. I think an honest, and just, and reasonable
man would do it in his own case. If he had col-
lected together a large number of laborers, and
they had been thrown out of employment in con-
sequence of pure neglect on his part, I think he
would do so. I think the amendment is suffi-
ciently guarded. At first 1 thought it provided
for ail the laborers, but it only provides for those
who have been unemployed, and who have been
thrown out of employment by the action of the
Government, and had no means of subsistence.
I am willing to go that far; but certainly men who
have been employed elsewhere in the mean time,
ought not to be paid by the Government.
Mr. SHIELDS. I merely wish to state that,
in 1839, there was a precisely similar provision
made for the laborers on the Treasury Building.
It is m these words:
ic ]teso!vi'<! by the Sen.'tc <'nd House of Representatives
of the United States oj ^iuietu-n in Confess assembled.
That the coiiimicsioncid appointed by the i'tevident of the
L'mted States to ^upeiintend the prosecution of the work
on the construction of the new Treasury Building, be and
they lire heiebv authorized to examine the claims of the
workmen to indemnity lor the Iocs of Their time during the
pu-peimon of tiie woik upon said building by order of the
President of the United States, pending the question before
Counter on the bill repotted by the Committee on Public
"nmlchnpx, piovnIin«r foi the icmovnl of the walls of the
Trea«5inv Building, and the erection of a fire-pioof building
foi the lJ0ft Olfiee Depaitment, and that said eonmnr-tioners
allow to s-ut'h of s=aid workmen ic«speetivelv a-, wei o ^u«-
pended fioin labor during the pending of said appiopnation
bill, with the encouragement and under an authorized as-
Miianee that, upon tbr decision thereof, their labor would
aszam be leqmred hv tiie Government, and who intermedi-
ately had no opportunity of obtaining employment in the
city of WiMnnffton, such reasonable indemnify for the Joss
of wages ior labor during the >-u-«penf-ion of the work, as,
under the ciicum^tanees ot then ie?pcctive easc&,justice
and equit\ mav lequire; not < xceedntg, however, in any
eru-e, the average rat« of the earnings of s>aid workmen in
I the employment of the Oovernment for a like preceding
' period of time.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will put the amend-
ment, in that form, I shall vote for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to offer it in that shape.
Mr. RUSK. It is not in that form now.
The PRESIDENT. With the consent of the
Senate, the amendment before offered can be with-
drawn, and this substituted m its place.
There being no objection, the amendment was
so modified.
Mr. UNDEP-WOOD. There is a precedent
which, like the gentleman from Texas, I am will-
ing to follow. 1 am not willing that these labor-
ers should suffer from any violation of a contract
on the part of the Government, or on the part of
the agents of the Government, that has been legit-
imately entered into with them. Not at all. They
are entitled to their damages for a violation of that
contract, as much po as if it were made with me;
and I am lor paying them under such circum-
stanccs. But J have objected from the beginning
that, under what I think a sympathy misplaced
upon the occasion, Senators get up here and offer
an amendment not at nil matured m anv of its
bearings, and we are called upon to adopt it with-
out knowing what we are voting for. Now, if
you will not embarrass this resolution, introduce
a proposition according to the precedent, or even
appoint a committee of Congress, if you choose
to investigate it in that way; or name any set of
