120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec, 17,
amounted, on that account, to the Wilmot proviso,
and was anxious that it should be stricken out on
that account. I go further. If I am not mistaken,
my colleague, [Mr. Clay,] who was in a very
great degree the author of these compromise meas-
ures, entertained and expressed the same opinions
which I myself have entertained on this subject.
So that we at least constitute exceptions to the
gentleman's remarks.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
have forgotten that in the organization of the Su-
preme Court and districts over which the judges
are to preside, that that took place many years
ago, before this agitation on the subject of slavery
occurred. If he will reflect a moment he will see
that he is mistaken in another particular. There is
much more territory east of the Mississippi, within
the limits of the slave States, than there is within
the limits of the free States; and in the organiza-
tion of these judicial districts, originally, some
respect was paid to territory as well as to popula-
tion. On that account the legislation of Congress,
in forming the judicial districts, necessarily pro
duced the organization of the court as it is.
The Senator is mistaken in supposing that at the
time thes  judicial districts were formed, the free
States had a greater extent of territory than the
slave States. The fact is entirely the reverse. So
that you can account for the existing state of things
without supposing that there were any sinister
motives in Congress, in the organization of the
Supreme Court, which 1 think the gentleman has
attributed to the two branches of Congress. He
should also recollect that during this whole time
there has been a majority of the free States in both
Houses of Congress. It was Congress that regu-
lated these districts, and they regulated them upon
the basis of territory and population.
I ask you, Mr. President, and 1 ask the Senate,
if it be right to make imputations against the
judges of the Supreme Court, or to make remarks
from which inferences can be drawn unfavorable
to their purity—from which inferences may be
drawn stigmatizing them as corrupt men, without
specifying the particular act? When the gentle
man makes remarks of this sort, let him point out
the particular decision—the ruling of a particular
point, which he may be disposed to denominate
corrupt or incorrect, before we can take issue with
him. It is a very easy matter to deal in general
declamation, and to say that a body of men may
be unworthy of trust—that they may be corrupt.
Why, you cannot take issue upon a general dec-
laration of that sort, except by an unqualified
denial.
The gentleman chooses to impeach the proceed-
ings of the Supreme Court. Let him point to a
decision; let him bring evidence, either of imbecil-
ity or corruption, and then we can see the ground
upon which the charge is made. So far as my ob-
servation of the proceedings of that court has
gone; so far as I have read the decisions of that
court on questions connected with the institution
of slavery, they have done nothing more than
carry out the Constitution and laws of the country;
and if they had not carried out that Constitution
and those laws, they would have been corrupt.
They are bound by an oath to support the Con-
stitution and the laws, and their administration of
those laws, in accordance with the Constitution,
is the very best evidence of their purity.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I believe that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Baogkr] wishes to mkke a few remarks on this
precise point. I shall be pleased to hear him, but
he is not now here. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 17, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
GOVERNOR KOSSUTH.
Mr. CARTTER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution proposing
the appointment of a committee of five by the
Chair to wait upon Louis Kossuth on his arrival
in Washington, and introduce him to the House
of Representatives.
Mr. C. said the resolution was the same as that
passed on the part of the Senate.
Objection was made by several, and the resolu-
tion was not received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. FICKLIN. If I can g?t the ear of the
House, I desire to make a single suggestion. It
is, that by general consent we now proceed to call
the States for resolutions, in order to give gentle-
men an opportunity to introduce their resolutions
and bills.
WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion pending on the adjournment yester-
day, that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the view to ^consider the
resolution introduced by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Walsh,] for the continuance of the
work on the Capitol.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 46, noes not counted.
So the House refused to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Calls for the regular order.
The SPEAKER said that petitions were in
order from the State of Maine.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I would respectfully sub-
mit that there have been a great many attempts
made by gentlemen to introduce resolutions and
bills. I hope, by general consent, we will have a
call of the States for resolutions and bills.
Mr. FICKLIN. Let us have the general con-
sent to the call for resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, which was the call of the States for
petitions.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island, presented the pe-
tition of Lewis E. Simmons, Captain m the Uni-
ted States Navy, praying to be reimbursed for the
expenses of certain suits to which he has been
subjected in consequence of the discharge of his
duty;"which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Aflaii's.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, presented the
memorial of Norman Sherwood, of Southport,
Connecticut, praying for relief in relation to Mex-
ican indemnity; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. KING, of New York, said he had no pe-
titions, and asked the unanimous consent of the
House to present a resolution, which he hoped
might be read for information.
Mr. CLINGMAN objected.
Mr. HAVEN presented the petition of John 0.
Hodge, of Cleveland, Ohio, now a pensioner at
the rate of $96 per year, for an increase of pen-
sion, in consequence of disabilities received in the
Mexican war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BOWNE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Joshua P. Pow-
ers be taken fioni ttie files of the House ami referred to the
C'uuiiiiittf'o on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOWNE also presented the petition of the
assistant marshals of the county of Kings, and
southern district of the State of New York, for
increased compensation for their services in taking
the Seventh Census; which was appropriately re-
ferred.
Mr. BURROWS presented the petition of Cap-
tain Hugh N. Page and other officers of the Navy,
asking Congress to make provision for their relief
similar to that made for the United States army
serving in California and Oregon; also, the peti-
tion of petty officers, seamen, and marines of the
United States Navy, who served in the frigate
Savannah, on the coast of California, praying
for compensation similar to that granted by Con-
i gress to the army serving in California and Ore-
j gon; which were severally referred to the Com-
- mittee on Naval Affairs.
i Mr. B. also presented the petition of Pliebe
I Thompson, widow of John Thompson, praying
! for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
j tee on Invalid Pensions.
I Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
! merchants and others of the city of Philadelphia,
| asking for the erection of piers and the construc-
tion of a harbor in the Delaware river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. JOHN W. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John Lynch be
withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. KUHNS, it was
Ordered, That the papers of James Johnson be with-
drawn from the files of the House, andreferred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMMOND, it wag
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Samuel T. An-
derson, of the city of Baltimore, be withdrawn from the
files of the House and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK presented the petition and pa-
pers of Daniel Guenant for a pension, in consider-
ation of injuries received while in the service of
the United States during the war with Great Brit-
ain ; which was referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. CLINGMAN gave notice of his intention
to move to .repeal so much of the standing rules of
the House as provides for calling the States for
petitions.
Mr. AIKEN presented the memorial of Ann Y.
Kelly, of Charleston, South Carolina, praying for
an examination'of the proceedings of the Board of
Claims against Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, presented the pe-
tition of James M. Smyth; also, of A. H. Shep-
herd, for indemnity for loss sustained from'hostlle
Creek Indians in 1838; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Moses Mat-
thews, praying for indemnity for property destroyed by the
enemy during the war of the Revolution, be taken from the
files of the House, and referred to the. Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. JACKSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam O. Handley, grandson of Major George
Handley, of the Georgia line of the Continental
Army, praying for commutation pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. «
Mr. MOPRE, of Louisiana, presented the peti-
tion of the register and receiver of the land officc
at Monroe, Louisiana, for compensation for loca-
ting military land warrants and Choctaw scrip;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. M. also asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, for the removal of the Red
river raft.
Mr. MCMULLEN objected,
Mr. GIDDINGS wished to* say to the House
that the presentation of petitions in this manner
was a waste of time. Gentlemen were at liberty to
send in their petitions indorsed at any time under
the rules. He moved that we dispense with the
further call for petitions, and that the House do
now proceed to the next order of the day.
Mr. JONES said that motion was not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS then asked unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. EDGERTON presented the petition of Ab-
ner Merrill for an invalid pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. E. also gave notice that he would on to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, introduce a bill
for the survey of the townships of Pulaski, Cen-
tre, and St. Joseph's, in Williams county, Ohio,
being townships six north,*and ranges one, two,
and three east of the principal meridian.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice had been ^-iven. He
asked that it might be read for information.
Mr. FICKLIN said, that he would be glad to
accommodate the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr,
Marshall,] but objection had been made to all
other attempts to introduce bills. He therefore
objected to this.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of Charles C. Lacy and J. F. Jones,
late assistant marshals irr the State of Kentucky,
asking for compensation for taking the census;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a res-
olution of a public meeting of the citizens of the
town of Westfield, county of Hamilton, and State
of Indiana, recommending that no more public
lands be sold, and that Congress provide for the
free grant of the public lands, in small parcels, to
