1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
try; it would be forcing1 this country into a war,
when the power of making war resides in Con-
gress, and in Congress alone. I think, sir, that,
without stimulating the Executive by fiery discus-
sion here, we may safely intrust the honor of the
country and the interests of our Northern fisher-
men in his hands. No American statesman is
likely to betray the one or sacrifice the other. With
a full sense of his responsibility to the country
and his own staialess reputation, and with much
fuller knowledge than we now have of the subject,
we may expect him to discharge his whole duty.
But 1 do not wish to violate the rule which I
announced as the proper one when I set out—that
is, that it is not wise to discuss a subject when we
are not furnished with the necessary information
in regard to it; and I conclude with the hope that
the discussion will not be pursued further, and
that the resolution may either be passed at once,
or, if there is to be farther debate, that it may be
postponed till another (lay.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I suppose, from
the lateness of the hour, that this day cannot be
devoted to the object for which it was designed. I
•differ in some degree from those Senators who
have spoken on this subject; and that difference of
opinion, in my own mind, brings me to the con-
clusion that there is a much stronger probability
of a collision with Great Britain than is expressed
by the Senators who have spoken. Great Britain
has said that she now claims the exclusive right
of fisheries on those waters. Mr. Webster, the
representative of this Government, has said that
under the convention of 1818 the citizens of the
United States are entitled to fish there. Here,
then, the two Governments are directly at issue.
Great Biitain has sent an unusually large fleet
there to protect her citizens in the alleged rights
assumed by her Government. We have the letter
of instructions from the British Admiral to the
commanders of the vessels composing that fleet,
which says that our citizens are to be prevented
from fishing in those waters as they have done
from 1818 to the present time. Mr. Webster as-
sumes not only that this is the legitimate construc-
tion of the treaty of 1818, but that the British
Government have subsequently, in 1845, admitted
our construction to be the correct and legitimate
construction of the treaty of 1818. Now, sir,
when the two Governments stand in this attitude;
when here is the British fleet instructed by the
Admiral in command to take possession of our
vessels puisuing what our Government says is
their legitimate right, is there no danger of col-
lision ? "
Our fleet ought to be sent there—and it can
be sent with but one object—with instructions
upon the part of our Government precisely simi-
lar to those sent on the part of Great Britain.
We have the letter of their Admiral directing their
vessels to take possession of our fishing boats, and
to capture our seamen engaged in this business,
which our Secretary of Stave says—which our
Government ways, is the legitimate right of every
citizen of the United States. Now, when our
vessels go there, they can go there properly with
but one instruction—that if the British Govern-
ment enforce thai order it must be prevented by
fore*. As my colleague says, it is all a farce to
send a fleet there unless you sead such instructions.
Each Government has assumed its attitude upon
the subject, the one claiming for its citizens the
exclusive nght of fishery, the other assuming a
claim upon the part of our citizens of the right to
fish. The British Government have sent their
vessels there for the purpose of preventing the ex-
ercise of that right by our citizens. If we send,
as we ought to send, a fleet there, it should be
with instructions that if the British attempt to
carry out the orders of their Admiral, our naval
force must prevent it—that if it is to be done by
force it must be prevented. I therefore see in the
attitude of this question, a greater probability of
war than I did with reference to the "54° 40' >}
question, or with reference to any position in
which the country has been placed within my rec-
ollection.
It seems to me that the whole argument here
to-day has proceeded upon a false hypothesis. It
is assumed that the British Government have sent
their vessels there in order to treat. Why, sir,
rhe sentiment avowed by my friend from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] that the people of this country, the
Representatives of the people of this country, the
Government of this country, will never consent to , Mr. BORLAND. I will state to the Senate
treat at the cannon's mouth, is well known to the that since that bill was ordered to be eftgrossed
British Government. It is as well known to the , yesterday, I myself, together with the chairman
British Government, as it is known, Mr. Presi- jj of the Committee on Public Lands, have exam-
dent, to you or me. There is not a Government ■! ined it with a* great deal of care, and although it
on the face of the civilized globe that does not ! expresses really what is intended, yet, owing to
now know that no treaty can be made with the jj its having been made up by amendments, the
American Government, if it be attempted to be jj phraseology of the bill is not perhaps as clear a,nd
done by force, however desirous this Government specific as it might be. For that reason I ask the
might otherwise be to make the treaty which the jj unanimous consent of the Senate to substitute
other Government proposed. It is known to Great ]; another bill which I have prepared. It is the same
Britain; and therefore I assume that she has no j| in substance as this, but varying somewhat in the
intention to treat. She would not have sent her j order of its arrangement.
fleet there if she had desired to treat on that or 'j The PRESIDENT. The bill can only be
any other subject. There is not a man in the ;; amended at this stage by unanimous consent,
country who would submit to treat with her, if ; Mr. BORLAND. The amendment which I
the fact assumed, no doubt correctly, by the hon- t propose is to strike out all after the enacting clause,
orable chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re- : and insert:
lations [Mr. Mason] be correct. Great Britain, i That there shall be, and hereby is, granted to each of the
therefore, does not pretend to treat. She has as- i' StJ>,es which contain public lands, and to which onesec-
■ - 1 • . • '! tion only in each township has heretofore been granted for
sumed her attitude on this subject. It is this:
That she has the exclusive right to these fisheries.
She intends, at the cannon's mouth, to protect her
subjects in what she has proclaimed to be their
rights. We cannot be left in doubt on that point,
because we have here the letter of her Admiral,
published by our Secretary of State, setting forth
that fact.
I think the people of this country should not be
lulled into security about this matter. 1 think
there is great danger of collision with Great Britain
in regard to this subject. I have no doubt that
the Executive Department of this Government has
done as much as any Senator would desire itto do.
I have no doubt that the necessary steps have al-
ready been taken to provide a sufficient naval force
to .protect our seamen in what our Government
has proclaimed to be their rights; and when the
naval force of this country goes there, I do not
see how a collision is to be avoided. The British
Admiral must withdraw his orders, or those under
his orders must not obey them, or a collision is
inevitable—it cannot be avoided. Is there an offi-
cer in the American Navy, who, if sent there for
this purpose, would permit an American vessel
to be captured without firing his guns into those
who were about to capture her, however unequal
the force might be?
. I certainly did not rise to defend the Adminis-
tration. U can need no defense from me. The
members composing it are about to retire from
public life. The gentleman who has been most
assailed has retired, or will retire very shortly. I
think that the violent assaults on that gentleman
might at least have been dispensed with. His age.
the services which he has heretofore rendered to
his country, ought to have protected him, it seems
to me, in this, the theater of his fame, from the
violent atuck which has been made upon him by
my honorable friend from Arkansas. I need not
way anything in this Hull with regard to the char-
acter of Daniel Webster. I will not attempt it.
We all know him. The American people all
know him. There is no necessity for political
asperity to rail against him, for he is about to re-
tire from public life forever; and he should rest in
the affections of the American people. His talents
should be admired, as I believe they are, by the
people at large, and should be free, I think, from
any violent political attack.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. HAYKb, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the Senate bill sup-
plementary to "An act providing for the taking
k of the Seventh and subsequent. Censuses of the
* United States, and to fix the number of the mem-
4 bers of the House of Representatives, and pro-
' vide for their future apportionment amongst the
i several States," approved May 23, 1850.
Also, a biil to grant the right of way to all rail
J the use of schools, one additional section of land of good
| quality lor each township within said States, which addi-
j tional section i s hereby granted for the use of schools within
; such townships ; the said additional section to be selected
j under the authority of said States respectively, either as a
! whole section, or in any legal subdivisions within the
, township that may remain subject to sale by private entry,
] or should none such remain in the same township, then the
1 selection may be made In each case from any lands within*
the hmin of the State subject to sale by private entry, to
be entered and reeoided at the proper land office of the dis-
trict m which the selected land may lie, and a proper con-
veyance made therefor in the usual form.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the land au-
thorized to be selected and granted by the first section of
this act, or by any preceding acts for similar purposes, or
any part of the «ame, may be, by the proper authorities, dis-
posed of in accordance with the laws now in force in re-
lation to such lands in each ot the States respectively.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
On motion the Senate adjourned till Monday,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 23, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Mougan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
;.is upon ordering the following bill to be engrossed
: and read a third time, viz: " A bill granting the
' right of way and making a grant of land to the
, < State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
I ' the Oakland and Ottawa railroad,commencing at
i the village of Pontiac, in the county of Oakland,
' and terminating on the navigable waters of Lake
f Michigan, in the county of Ottawa."
. Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the unanimous consent
■ of the House to take from the Speaker's table
' Senate hill No. 276', entitled (t An act for the re-
lief of Colonel James R. Creecy,5' for the purpose
of its reference.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question.
In justice to the gentleman from Kentucky. [Mr.
Breckinridge,] I consider it proper to state that
desiring to be absent from the city of Washington,
he requested that I would pair off with him on the
vote upon the Collins line of steamers—I being
for and he against it. I did so. During his ab-
sence (he honorable gentleman from Maryland (Mr.
Hammond] asked me to assign to him the pair off,
as he wished to leave for Maryland. Being doubt-
ful whether I would at the time leave the city or
not, I assigned it to him. When I found that 1 had
to leave, I paired off with the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Ore.] On my return, upon
a conversation with Mr. Hammond, I learned that
he apprehended the assignment was to apply only
and plank roads and macadamized turnpikes pass- }i.f. u ,
ing through the public land belonging to theUni- i ^ Saturday. He told me that wnen he found
© i o f , f hpt-A was an-
ted States.
The last-mentioned bill was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
ADDITIONAL SCHOOL LANDS.
The bill allowing exchanges of, and granting ad-
ditional school lands in the several States which
contain public lands, and for other purposes, came
up on its third reading.
there was some doubt upon the subject he ceased
j to vote. He did not vote when it was explained
! to him. 1 make this statement that the gentleman
: from Kentucky may be correct upon the record.
! Mr. CLARK. I ask that Senate bill No. 316,
be taken from the table in order that it may be
{ referred.
Mr. DUNCAN. What does the bill provide
i for.'
; Mr. CLARK. It is the same bill of which 1
