1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
as amended; and that does not go through the
stages of a bill.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move to amend
the amendment as amended ?
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to add to it.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to move to strike
out ?
The PRESIDENT. It is m order to move to
strike out any portion which has not been inserted
by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I want to put one other question
to the President. Is it in order to move to concur
in the amendment as amended, with an excep-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose the question comes
up on these vauous amendments which have been
agreed to, whether the Senate will concur in them ?
The PRESIDENT, That is fhequestion.
Mr. BADGER. Upon that point I wish to say
a word. 1 wish to suggest to gentlemen who are
in favor of the appropriation, that we should not
concur in the amendments which have been made;
but that we should permit the resolution to pass
without incumbering it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will not get
at his object by not concurring; for if the amend-
ments are not concurred in, the amendment of the
House of Representatives will be rejected.
Mr. HALE. The Senator can move to recon-
sider.
Mr. BADGER. I did not vote in favor of it,
therefore I cannot make the motion. But I will
let it go.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to know if the vote
we are about to take now is on adopting the
amendment as it comes to us from the House?—
whether it is the final vote?
The PRESIDENT. It is the final vote; but it
is on the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives as it has been amended.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives as amended was concurred m.
private bills.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Anna Norton and Lewis Poskit. It was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
Anna Norton and Lewis Foskit, the only heirs of
vCephamah Ross, a revolutionary soldier, the
amount of pension which would have been paid
to said Ross had his pension been continued to
him from Mnrch 4th, 1822, ro January ]st, 1&28.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The bill for the relief of Francis E. Baden was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
it directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Francis E. Baden upon the pension
roll, and pny him the compensation of a major in
the United States Army for five years from Janu-
ary 1st, J85J.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
executive session.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executi\e busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
wete reopened, and the Senate adjourned until
Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 9, 3852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr. MACE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope the gentleman will yield,
in order to enable me to offer the usual resolution
to dose debate upon the bill for the relief of the
legal iepresentatives ofGeneral James C. Watson,
late of the State of Georgia.
Mr. MACE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. DANIEL. I then move the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole
House, upon House bill No. 136, for the relief of the legal
representatives ofGeneral James C. Watson, late of the
State of Georgia, shall cease in thirty minutes after it thall
next resume the considei ation of the same; and. if the com-
mittee shall not sooner come to a conclusion, it shall then
proceed to vote upon such amendments as are pending, oi
may be offered, and report the bill to the House, with such
amendments as ltmayhave agreed to.
Several Voices. ''One hour."
Mr. DANIEL. Well, I will put it one hour.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I rise to what ought
to be a privileged question. I do notknow wheth-
er it is or not. Upon the first day on which this
bill came before the committee, I obtained the
floor, and, after speaking about twenty minutes, I
gave way for a motion that the committee rise.
When the bill again came up in committee, I was
confined to my bed by sickness, from which I
have not yet entirely recovered. But I lost my
right to the floor. Now, I should feel under very
special obligations to the House if they would
postpone the time for closing this debate long
enough to give me an opportunity to occupy the
remainder of my hour, i do not know whether it
is a privileged question or not.
Mr. DANIEL. I think the gentleman will have
ample time within an hour if he can get the floor,
and as far as I am concemcd, I hope he will get
it.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the floor has been
taken for one hour in committee, by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Bartlett.]
Mr. DANIEL. Well, I suppose we can close
debate at any time.
The question was then taken, and upon a divis-
ion of the House there were—ayes 71, noes 32;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DANfEL. I ask for tellers.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I would suggest to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that if he will
make the time two hours, 1 presume there will be
no opposition to the resolution.
Mr. DANIEL. I have very little choice in
the matter. The bill has already been discussed
two days, and I think it is all that will do any
good. If gentlemen wish it, however, I will make
the tune two hours.
The question was then put on the resolution as
modified, and it was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. LANE. It will be recollected by the House
that Monday after the next is the day setaside for
the consideration of territorial bills. I hold now
m my hand three bills which I desire to present
and have referied.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can present
them by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the following bills
were introduced, read a first and second time by
their titles, and severally referred as indicated
below:
A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of Yam Hall river, in the Territory of
Oregon. Referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals;
A bill making appropriations for the completion
of light-houses, and the erection of a custom-house
and a warehouse in the Territory of Oregon. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; and
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to settle
and adjust the expenses of the people of Oregon,
in defending themselves from the attacks and hos-
tilities of the Cayuse Indians in the years 1847
and 1848." Referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
printers' union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution adopted
by the Printers' Union of Philadelphia, approv-
ing of the establishment of a public printing office,
and urging the passage of the bill already intro-
duced for that purpose. As the subject of printing
may occupy the attention of this 'House and the
country soon, an expression of opinion upon the
subject, coming as it does from a numerous and
most important branch of the arts, and being one
of the most respectable and intelligent of the in-
j dustrious classes, should be entitled to the respect-
i ful consideration of this House.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope at least the resolu-
tion maybe read for information.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object.
Mr. MACE. I now insist on my motion to go
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing joint resolution, of which previous notice
had been given:
Joint Resolution in regard to the Public Printing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled,
That the second section of the joint resolution of 1846, *kdi-
recting the manner of procuring the punting for the two
Houses of Congress," ««hall not be so constiued as to allow
the joint committee of the two Houses to di>charge one con-
tractoi and employ another; but m all cases where the com-
mittee shall deem that there has been unnecessary delay or
neglect, the tacts shall be reported to Congress, and the
committee shall be governed by its direction.
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to sug-
gest that there is business upon the Speaker's
table, which the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is very anxious to get at. Ob-
jection has been made to its being taken up out of
its order. Now, 1 propose that we consume the
morning hour upon the bill in reference to disci-
pline m the Navy, which has been up for sev-
eral mornings past. 1 think we can dispose of
it during the morning hour, then proceed to take
up and refer the bills upon the Speaker's table,
and then go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. I hope the House will adopt
that course.
Mr. DANIEL. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I do not ask to submit a
motion to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table, but to spend the morning hour upon the
naval bill, so that we might then get at the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table. We can dispose
of it during the morning hour. That bill has been
under discussion for several days in the morning
hour.
Mr. DANIEL. We can hardly expect to dis-
pose of that bill during the morning hour, and
we have devoted so little time to private business
during this session of Congress, that I trust that
we shall now proceed to that business.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] is objected
to.
Mr. SIBLEY. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Mace] has given way to allow me to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
certain resolutions fromtlie Legislative Assembly
of Minnesota.
Mr. DANIEL. 1 feel bound to object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
memorial cannot be introduced.
Mr. SCUDDER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to introduce resolutions
from the Legislature of Massachusetts.
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to inquire whether it
is in order to move to receive reports from commit-
tees for one hour?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during the
pendency of the proposition now before the House.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] insists
upon having his question put to the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I arise to a privileged
question, or I beg to ask the Speaker whether it
is not a privileged question r When I had the
honor to ask the unanimous consent of the House
to present a resolution from the Printers' Union
of Philadelphia, I understood the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Meacham] to object to its intro-
duction because I had, on somepreviousoccasion,
objected to the introduction of a resolution by him.
Is that a privileged question ? I desire to ask the
gentleman whether he made the objection for tha t
reason ?
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. There is no privileged ques-
tion involved in that.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) I wish the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacham] to with-
draw his objection to the introduction of the reso-
lution, and that it be read.
The following is the resolution Mr. F. desired
to present, viz:
