1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
spoke on yesterday morning. It is to relinquish
to the town of Beileview a strip of land.
Mr. OLDS. Does the consideration of the bill
come out of the morning: hour ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
1 do not know what the bill is.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIERS.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit the bill authorizing the
President to supply the citizens upon the frontier
with arms to be taken up and passed. I would
say again to the House that there is the greatest
necessity for speedy action upon that bill. Oar
citizens upon the frontier need the arms. Its con-
sideration will occupy but a moment.
[Cues of ii Agreed 1" ii Agreed !"]
Mr. OLDS. If it does not come out of the
morning hour, I will not object. Otherwise I
shall.
Mr. STANLY. I object, if it does not come
out of the morning hour. !
Mr. BISSELL. Well, then, let it be taken out
of the morning hour.
Mr. OLDS. Then I object.
Mr. BiSSELL. The)) I propose that it be
taken up in advance of the morning hour. It will
take but n single moment to pass the bill.
Mr. STANLY. I object to that.
SPRINGFIELD AND TERRE HAUTE RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of Older. I would inquire of the Chair whether
the consideration of the Springfield and Terre
Haute railroad comes up first in order during the i,
morning: hour r !i
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair ij
in regard to that matter is, that there being no
question pending to commit the bill, it takes its |j
place upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAVIS. I will endeavor to state my point j
of order in as few words as possible. I under- !
.stand the Chair to decide that a motion to recom- ,
nut or to commit the bill to the Committee on '|
Public Lands would keep it from the Speaker's
table >
The SPEAKER. It would keep it before the
House.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Speaker de-
cides, further, that a motion to postpone to a day
certain will not keep it from the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. It strikes me the Chair makes a
difference without a cause. I have examined as
far I could this question of order, and am sat-
isfied that if themotion to recommit keeps the bill
before the House, the motion to postpone certainly
does not put it upon the Speaker's table. If the
Chair overrules my point, I take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. Under the twenty-seventh
rule, Senate bills and resolutions are to be taken
up in their order, and if, on being read a second
time, no motion be made to commit, they ore to
be oidered to their third reading, unless objection
be made, in which case, if not otherwise ordered
by the majority of the House, they are to be laid
upon the table in the general file of bills, to be
taken up m their turn. That provision has con-
trolled his predecessor in reference to Senate bills,
and also bills reported from committees, upon
their second reading. The practice of the House,
as far as the Chair knows, has been uniform upon
that point—that unless a motion be pending to
commit, the bill takes its place upon the Speaker's
table in the general file.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a remark, by the
leave of the House, to put myself right. The
amendment to the Springfield and Terre Haute
road was proposed against my will and consent.
I understand this morning thai the gentleman who
offered it is now willing to withdraw it, and to let
the vote be taken upon the merits of the bill
which 1 had the honor to present. 1 do not desire
to state anything further. I will take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and I trust that the
House will sustain that appeal, that there may be
a direct vote upon the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand, then, that if
the House sustains the appeal, and reverses the
decision of the Chair, they reverse the rule upon
this subject, as understood and practiced by the
House?
The SPEAKER. It will reverse the practice
of the House. ti
Mr. ALLISON. That is the point to which I
wish to direct the attention of the House.
The SPEAKER. And it is difficult to say
where the change in the practice will end.
Mr. ALLISON. That is the point I wish
made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, from all his ex-
perience, could not point out the trouble that might
lollow.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS demanded tellers; which were or-
dered.
Mr. ROBBINS. I would be gratified if the
Chair would state the question.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday a motion was
made to postpone a bill which was before the body
for consideration. Before the House determined
upon taking the vote upon the motion to postpone
the morning hour expired, and the House pro-
ceeded to other business. The Chair decides that
the bill in that stage, according to the universal
practice of the House, goes upon the Speaker's
table in the general file, to be taken up in its order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to propound a
single question to the Chair. The practice of the
House has invariably been, that where a motion
is made to commit, the bill does not go upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is the difference
in fact, and what rule makes the difference be-
tween the motion to postpone and the motion to
commit ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair this moment read
the rule, which provides that Senate bills in that
precise condition, being upon their second read-
ing, shall go upon the Speaker's table, unless
there be a motion to recommit. That expression
in regard to committing, or a pending motion to
commit, has been controlling the action of this
body upon bills reported from the committees
when at the same stage as the bills from the Sen-
ate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make this
point: A provision is made that Senate bills at a
particular stage—the House having passed from
their consideration to go into Committee of the
Whole—shall go upon the Speaker's table, and
take their place upon the files. This excludes the
idea of any other but Senate bills going there.
The practice of the House in regard to House
bills at the same stage has been in conformity with
that rule; although the rule itself excludes, in my
opinion, the decision which the Chair has made.
Mr. ROBBINS. Will the Chair have the rule
lead again ?
The :37th rule was then read, as follows:
'■ 3d. Rills and le&nlutions from the Senate on their fhet
and second reading, that they be referred to committees and
put under \va> ; but if, on being read a second tune, no mo-
tion be made lo commit, they are to be oidcied to theirthud
reading, iihIp^ objection be marie; in which ca>e, if not
otherwise ordered by a majority of the House, they are to
be laid on the table in the geneial file of bills on the Speak-
er's table, to be taken up m their turn.—September 1-1,
1837."
The SPEAKER. This is the rule, which is
clear enough in regard to Senate bills. According
to long usage, and, as the Chair thinks, according
to propriety, bills reported from committees in this
House take the same course, and no preference
should begi\en to them over bills from the Sen-
ate m the same stage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know of the
Chair, as he is more familiar with the rules than
myself, if there is any other rule bearing upon this
question of which the Chair is aware?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no
other rule bearing upon this matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The effect of the rule,
then, in my judgment 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, as a mo-
tion has been made to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Discussion is not in
order I know, but I wish to inquire for informa-
tion upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
and to the House again, that if there-is a single
instance in the history of the proceedings of this
body varying from the practice as stated by the
Ghair, he is not awar'e of it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not familiar with
the practice, but 1 do not think that the rule war-
rants the practice.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Was not this
bill " ordered otherwise" than committed to the
Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. There was nojorder taken
upon it. The bill was upon its engrossment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The rule says, (<if not
otherwise ordered by a majority of the House."
Was it otherwise ordered ? What did the House
order ? Is it competent for the House to make
the order?
The SPEAKER. Tt was competent for the
House to do it, but they did not do it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. A motion was made to
postpone it two weeks hence. That precluded
the reference to the Committee of the Whole, and
was virtually " otherwise ordering" in regard to
the disposition of the bill.
The SPEAKER. If a motion had been made
to postpone to a particular day, a question before
the House, and equally legitimate, was to order
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time,
neither of which keeps the bill before the House,
according to the practice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, took the floor.
Mr. NABERS. Is the question debatable? I
feel obliged to object to the gentleman's proceed-
ing.
Mr. DAVIS. Cannot I have the liberty of re-
ferring to some authority upon this question ? I
will send it up to the Chair to be read. It is an
extract from Jefferson's Manual in support of my
appeal.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to the author-
ity "will be read for the information of the House.
" That the rules require that one hour shall be devoted
to reports of committees, &c., each morning; that the
report of a committee, under consideration when the hour
j expires, becomes, on the succeeding morning, the fir-^t
1 business before the House, after the commencement of the
morning hour; and that the business is to be resumed at
the stage where it vva> left when the hour expired/'—JeJ~
ferson's Manual—" Arrangement of Business."
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House to overrule the universal practice of the
House, the Chair has no objection in the world;
but he would feel it to be his duty at once to recur
to, and present for action thereon, a great many
other bills which, in the same form, have passed
to the files on the Speaker's table. From the first
day of the session they have gone regularly in
that way, and taken that course.
The question was then taken on laying the ap-
peal upon the table, Messrs. Chandler and St.
Mahtin acting as tellers; and there were—ayes
89, noes 37.
So the House laid the appeal upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
! the House refused to second the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the bill not beingbefore the body.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD.
Mr. STUART. I understand the question to
be .upon the engrossment of the bill read at the
Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to detain the
House in reference to that bill. I can state, in a
very few words, that there are at this time twenty-
five miles of road completed from Detroit, north-
west to Pontiac, in our State. The object of this
bill is to provide for the construction of a road
from Pontiac, in connection with this road, to
Lake Michigan, opposite Milwaukie. The dis-
tance is about two hundred miles. Upon the east-
ern portion of this road, and upon the western
also, the public lands are entirely taken up.
In the central part of the State, east and west,
there is a considerable amount of public lands un-
sold, so that upon the line of this road, if the hill
pass, the State would have the benefit of about
two hundred thousand acres, according: to the state-
ment which I have from the General Land Office.
The road, as gentlemen can see by a single glimpse
at the country, would form a continuous line in
connection with the contemplated railroad from
Milwaukie to the Upper Mississippi, and from
the Upper Mississippi to the Eastern States of
Pennsylvania, New York, and the New England
