193
tub- mmffmmmm globe
Deo, 17,
eluticm to grant land to the Hungarian exiles;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
The resolution was as Mows;
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of.
the United States in Congress assembled, That'onetiundreu
and sixty acres of land be granted to each of the Hungarian
citizens, who have been transported to this country by the
orders of this Government; said land to be located by such
Hungarian citizens from any lands belonging to this Gov-
ernment now unoccupied.
The question now was, Shall the resolution be
read a second time ?
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been made,
the question will be, Shall the resolution be re-
jected ?
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I -ask the gentle-
man from New York to add a proviso to the joint
resolution, that they go and live -upon the land.
Mr,- JONES. I move to reject the bill.
Mr. HALL. I would inquire if it is in or£er
now to offer an amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order until
the resolution shall have bdfci read a second time.
It has been read the first time, and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moves its rejection.
Mr. HALL. X want only to propose that our
citizens shall be entitled to the same privileges as
his Dutchmen. That is all.
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas and nays
on the rejection of the resolution.
Mr. GORMAN. This resolution is simply a
resolution of the House, and it has not the words
necessary to make it a joint resolution. I presume
if it is proposed to debate it, it will go over under
the rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] having moved a rejection of
the resolution, in the opinion of the Chair that
question will have to be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
*notion to reject, as it is not a joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] intend to debate the reso-
lution?
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes j
over. /
Mr. EVANS. I ask whether it is not a joint
resolution? I
The SPEAKER. It has no title, but it is in the
nature of a joint resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I wish merely to suggest to the
Chair that the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bowne,] when he offered that resolution, called for
the previous question. After the gentleman had
called for the previous question, the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved to reject the
resolution. The motion for the previous question
was not put by the Chair, and the gentleman had
no right to interpose the proposition he made—
thereby carrying the resolution over, unless the
previous question was first rejected.
The SPEAKER. The House refused to sec-
ond the call for the previous question/
Mr. EVANS. It may be so, but the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bowne] tells me that the
motion was not put.
Mr. BOWNE. I moved the previous question,
feut I do not understand that it was put.
The SPEAKER. I trust the gentleman from
New York will be indulged in testing the sense of
the House upon the call for the previous question.
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr, STUART. I wish to inquire if it is a joint
resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk so reports it.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire if under the
59th rule it would go over?
The SPEAKER then read the 115th and 116th j
rules, as follow: ■
u Every bill shall receive three several readings m the i
House previous to its passage; and biUs shall be dispatched j
in order as they wer« introduced, unless where the House j
shall direct otherwise; but no bill shall be twice read on the j
emit day, without special order of the House." f
4< The first reading of a bill shall bo for information, and •
if opposition be made to it, the question shall be « Shall this
bill be rejected ?"
Mr. JONES, Has notice been given to the
Clerk, under this rule, of an intention to introduce
this resolution?
To this interrogatory no response was heard.
The SPEAKER. As the proposition is made
to debate the resolution, it goes over-, and unless
there he an appeal from the -decision of the Chair,
ite *wiil so order it.
Mr. SACKETT introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, entitled An act to
amend an act entitled 4 An act to extend the patent
heretofore granted to William Woodwork;' "
which having been read aiirst and second time by
its title, Mr. S. moved to refer it to .the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. TUCK moved to lay it upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said the same bill
had been killed over-and over again. They had to
kill it every session.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to lay on the table.
Mr. SACKETT said that gentlemen were mis-
taken in regard to the bill.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. TUCK said that, from the title of the bill,
he inferred that it was a bill which had been re-
peatedly before Congress. He withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. ROBBINS renewed the motion to lay the
bill upon the table; and, the question being put, it
was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on referring it to
the Committee on Patents; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HASCALL, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, concerning
invalid pensioners; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HAVEN, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, to reenact
and continue in operation certain acts for the re-
lief of insolvent debtors of the United States;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. BENNETT, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution, (and desired that it might be put upon
its passage,) to establish certain post routes; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.  
Mr. BENNETT. I will oitly say a word upon
the subject. I ask the consent of the House to let
this resolution pass.
A Member. It is- not debatable.
Mr. BENNETT. The reason I ask this, it is
a new and important route.
Mr. PICKLIN. There is a motion to commit
it.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HEBARD offered a resolution; which was
read as follows, viz:
Whereas Kossuth, in a speech by him lately delivered
at New York, is reported to have declared that he consid-
ered the resolution recently parsed and adopted by this
House" has apolitical meaning:*' Therefore,
Resolved, That said resolution was intended by this House
to have no political meaning," nor to pledge this Ciov-
eminent to any political action; but that it was intended
merely as a testimonial of sympathy and respect for Kos-
suth, and the cause in which lie is engaged.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to say some-
thing upon that resolusion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over,
then, under the rule.
Mr. DISNEY. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the resolution goes over because the
gentleman proposes to debate it?
The SPEAKER. That was the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DISNEY. Will the Chair refer me to the
rule ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair refers the gentle-
man to the 24th and 25th rules.
Mr, DISNEY. The 24th rule is in these
words:
" Petitions, memorials, and other papers addressed to
the House shall be presented by the Speaker,, or by a mem-
ber in his place ; a brief statement of the contents thereof
shall be made verbally by the mtroduccr; they shall not be
debated on the dov of their bein^ presented, nor on any day
assigned by the House for the receipt of petitions after the
first thirty days of the session, unless where the House shall
direct otherwise, but shall He on the table, to be taken up
m the order in winch they are presented."
Now, here are two direct limitations upon the
debate of the presentation of resolutions—upon the ,
day of presentation,-and again upon the day |
assigned, by the liaise for t,he reception of peti*
tions.
Mr. JQNEI3, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is there any question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to -a
question of order.
Mr. JONES. Has there been an appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. DISNEY. I will suggest to the CKair—
Mr. JONES. All I want is, if the gentleman
from Ohio makes a speech, I wish to be heard in
reply. If there is no appeal, it will be said I have
no right to speak.
Mr. DISNEY. I have no desire to make a
speech, but informally to make these remarks as
a suggestion to the Chair; but as the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has avowed his de- *
sire to make a reply, for the sole and only pur-
pose of gratifying the gentleman from Tennessee,
I do make an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. TUCK. As this appeal is taken for the
only reason, as stated-by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disney,] to enable him and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to have a little exer-
cise in public .debating, I would suggest to him, if
it would not be better for the public, that this de-
bate should take place in some comniittee-room,
or any other private room ? [Laughter.]
A brief discussion here took place between Mr.
Disney, and Mr. Jones of Tennessee, relative to
the decision previously made by the Chair, that
resolutions giving rise to debate must lie over, Mr.
D. citing the rules to show that debate was in
order, and Mr. J. sustaining the decision of the
Chair. The appeal was then withdrawn. These
remarks, owing to the imperfect manner in which
they were heard, the Reporter is constrained to
omit.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, offered thefol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so altering the
j value of the specie com of the United States as to make the
real and nominal value of said coin equal.
Mr. PRICE, on leave, introduced a bill, of
! which previous notice had been given, "to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to contract for car-
rying the mails between Jersey City, in the State
; New Jersey, and port of New York, and Gal way,
| or any other port which may be selected, on the
I west coast of Ireland."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. PRICE moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DUNHAM moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The question was first taken on Mr. Price's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
That the Clerk of the House be directed to as-
certain as soon as possible the legal expenses of the con- *
tested election in the Fourth Congressional District of Penn-
sylvania, and pay the same out of the contingent fund of the
House ; and that he also be directed to pay to John S, X,it-
tell,the contestant, his mileage and per diem allowance,
from the commencement of the first session of the Thirty-
first Congress until the 11th September, when the conte'st
was determined.
Several gentlemen desiring to debate the resolu-
! tion, it was laid over, under the rule.
Mr. McNAIR. It is well known that there are
a great many Germans in many parts of the Uni-
ted States. In my own district—and no doubt in
many others—there are many of them who are
very anxious to have the President's message
printed in the German language, in order that they
may be able to read it. If this be not done, they
are entirely cut off from knowing what the mes-
sage contains, unless they have a clerk to read it
to them, and in the agricultural districts they are
not much accustomed to having clerks to read to
them. I therefore hope that it will be the pleasure
of the House to adopt the following resoultion:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the President's
message b« printed in the Germfta language.
