.124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
"Also, the petition of John H. Patterson, pray-
ing compensation for his services as a lieutenant
in the Florida war; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of C. H. Blood, praying com-
pensation for supplies furnished to a company of
Florida volunteers in the Seminole war; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of Sarah Flinn, praying com-
pensation for supplies furnished the troops of the
UnitedJ3tates in the Florida war; which was re^
ferred to the Commiftee of Claims.
Also, the petition of David Osburn, praying
compensation for corn and fodder furnished the
troops of the United States in the Florida war;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of John W. W. Jackson,
praying compensation for a horse lulled in the
service of the United States-,.which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
.Also, the petition of Jose Baya, praying com-
pensation for a horse lost in the military service of
the United States; which wRs referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
Leslie Combs, praying the payment of certain
bonds issued to him by the late Republic of Texas.
The memorialist represents that he holds Texas
bonds for the sum of $69,200; that he has filed these
bonds in the Treasury Department, with the view
of obtaining compensation according to the act
granting ten millions of dollars to. Texas; that
the Treasury Department, according to the state-
ment of this memorialist, had ascertained that
there were more than twelve millions of these
Texan bonds falling within the provisions con-
templated by the act of Congress. The memori-
alist says that the Government therefore refuse to
pay him or any of the holders of these bonds un-
less they will agree to accept such a proportion of
the twelve millions of dollars as five millions will
?ay, thus scaling him down to less than one half,
le concludes his memorial by saying that the
United States never intended to' disgrace themselves
or to dishonor the Government by repudiating an
acknowledged debt, and he hopes that provision
will be made for paying him the whole of his
$69,200. I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. U. I also present a memorial of John A.
Rajan, proposing to execute a plan discovered by
him for draining the lands overflowed by the
Mississippi and its tributaries, on condition of a
• grant of a portion of the lands reclaimed.-
This memorial is of vast importance, if the pro-
ject proposed Can be accomplished. The memo-
rialist is a native of Georgia, but is now a citizen
of the parish of Natchitoches, in the State of Loui-
siana. He states, that after much attention and
study, he has discovered a plan to prevent the
overflowing of the Mississippi river, so as to throw
the surplus water into Hudson's Bay in one
direction, and through Texas in the other. He
proposes to accomplish all this, if Congress will
but give him the one half of the lands which he will
save by this operation; and he proposes to have
the work completed in ten years, if Congress will
patronize him. I think, sir, that we should make
a most admirable bargain, if we could accomplish
so great a work at this price. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The memorial was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Cadwalader Wallace,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of merchants, ship-owners,
and others, inhabitants of Portland, Maine, on the files of
the Senate, relaung to the establishment of a marine hos-
pital at that place, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of William Beatty
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill amendatory of the act en-
titled "An act to provide for holding the courts of
the United Slates, in case of sickness or other dis-
ability of the judges of the district courts.''
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to present a joint resolution for the estab-
lishment of post routes in the State of New York.
LAKE SUPERIOR IRON REGION.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That five thousand five hundred additional
copies of the Report of Messrs. Foster and Whitney, in re-
lation to the iron region of Lake Superior, Michigan, which
was ordered to be printed by the resolution of the Senate
of the 13th March last, be printed for the use of the Senate,
and that three hundred copies thereof be furnished to the
Smithsonian Institution for distribution, and two hundred
copies to Messrs. Foster and Whitney.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said reso-
lution by unanimous consent, and it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Eliza
C. Bache, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of the widows and relatives of cer-
tain officers and seamen of the United States brig
Washington, who were lost overboard in a hurri-
cane.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
THE BRIG ADA..
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the brig Ada; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope that the Senate will
agree to consider this bill now.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill is in the usual form
required for such bills, and is one of that class
that is never objected to. It simply authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to this brig Ada, upon its being shown that she
has been thoroughly repaired, and that the repairs
have exceeded three fourths of the original cost of
construction. As the owners of the vessel can-
not employ her, or send her out without this re-
gister, I trust that the consent of the Senate will be
given to dispose of the matter now.
The bill was then read a second time; and, hav-
ing been considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, it was reported back without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
MISSISSIPPI AND ALABAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. Pursuant to pre-
vious notice, I ask leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing to the State of Mississippi the right of way
and a donation of public land, for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from Brandon
to the eastern border of said State, in the direction
of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
time.
Mr. FOOTE. I ask that this bill may be r«ad
a second time now.
The PRESIDENT. With a view to refer-
ence?
Mr. FOOTE. No, sir; I think this is a case in
which the Senate will concur with me that refer-
ence is not necessary. I wish to make a simple
statement with reference to this bill. This is a
bill which passed the Senate last session without
the least opposition from any quarter, but failed in
the other House for want of time. It involves a
little land in the State of Mississippi which is not
of any present value to the Government. It is a
matter of great importance to many persons in-
terested in railways that it should be acted upon,
and I hope that under all the circumstances the
Senate will agree to its second reading.
The bill was then read a second time, and the
Senate proceeded to consider it as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; and I
do so not with any intention of opposing the bill,
for I think that when it comes before the Senate,
if it be reported favorably upon by the committee,
I shall vote for it very cordially. But I hold that
taking up a bill without reference, and passing it
simply because it has passed the Senate at a pre-
vious Congress, is giving it precedence and advan-
tage over other bills which have similar objects in
view. I have introduced two bills equally as im-
portant as this, and which passed the Senate last
Congress, but were left wholly neglected by the
House. These bills have been again referred, and
I think this one ought to be referred also..
Mr. FOOTE. I am sure the Senator from Ar-
kansas will do me the justice to say that I have
never manifested a desire to depart from the usual
order of doing business in the Senate, and that it
is but rarely that I have come forward to ask any-
thing far the State which I represent. I may be
allowed to state, however, that in two days from
this time, my State will be entirely unrepresented
here. That is a fact; and I hope, therefore, that
this bill may be considered as an exception, and
be allowed to pass. I think the honorable Senator
from Arkansas will admit that I have usually given
him my support when he has had anything before
the Senate, in which the interest of his State was
concerned, and I hope he will extend to me his
courtesy on this occasion. This measure, at the
last session, was referred to a committee, and un-
derwent the fullest investigation. Several amend-
ments were proposed, and with these amendments
it passed the Senate. I can assure the honorable
Senator from Arkansas that the facts connected
with this bill are rather peculiar. The lands have
been suspended from sale with a view of securing
to the State of Mississippi the advantages which
were expected to arise from the passage of this
law. Its passage we have been m the habit of
looking upon as a fixed fact, and its suspension
will create great inconvenience. I am informed
by gentlemen connected with this railroad, that
the engineers have laid it out, and that they are
prepared for substantial and practical<action. They
are only waiting for this bill to pass, in order that
they may take such steps as will bring about the
speedy consummation of the work. I hope,
therefore, that, under all the circumstances, it will
be allowed to pass. It is, most probably, the last
time that I shafi ever ask the Senate for any fa-
vor.
Mr. BORLAND. I have never in my life re-
fused an act of courtesy. I therefore yield to the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. FELCH. I do not rise for the purpose of
making any objection to the last request of the
Senator from Mississippi, but simply to say that
this bill is in precisely the form approved by the
Committee on Public Lands last session, and
adopted by the Senate, and that this bill is like all
others of a similar character. Many bills have
been referred to the Committee on Public Lands
asking for similar grants. That committee have
not yet fully consulted upon the subject; but they
intend to take the whole matter into their consid-
eration—the form which was adopted last session,
and also with the view of adopting such amend-
ments as may be suggested. I have no objection
to the particular form, nor have I any objection to
the bill; but I think it my duty to state this fact.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will pass this
bill. I have no doubt that the next form will be
more liberal, and I think we shall gain something
by passing this bill thus early. [A laugh.]
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
without amendment, and was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill granting the
right of way for, and to aid in, the construction
of a line of telegraph from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific ocean; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in the following
bills:
A bill to authorize the State of Illinois to select
the residue of the lands to which she is entitled
under the act of 2d March, 1827, granting land to
aid that State in opening a canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois river with those of lake
Michigan; and
A bill to revive and continue in force for a lim-
ited time the provisions of an act relative to sus-
pended entries of public lands.
The said bills were read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM, agreeably to previous notice,
