1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
I would still vote to prosecute the war, and to pro-
vide the munitions of war. And I would vote to
raise men and supplies, because there may be a
time when the value of this Union will be worth
nothing—when the Federal Government shall for-
get and cease to exercise the power granted to it
by the States to protect and defend thern from for-
eign invasion and domestic violence. Then the
time will have arrived when the Union will be of
no value to the States, and when, in mv judgment,
for this cause alone, it will be the duty of the
States to resume and exercise those attributes of
sovereignty which they have, by the Constitution,
granted to the General Government. I hold, and
wish to state this, in illustration of what I am
hereafter to say, that this Government is not a
slaveholding nation. TheGovernment of the Uni-
ted States is not a slaveholding Government. The
powers not granted by the States are reserved to
the States, or to the people, respectively. No
power to hold men in slavery is granted by the
States. I submit it, as a question of law—as a
question of constituiionallaw, to allgentlemen who
are members of this House, and who are in favor
of a latitudinanan construction of the Constitu-
tion, to say what express grant of power made by
the States, cannot be exercised by the Genera!
Government without the exercise of an implied
power to hold slaves. Why, the Government of
the United States has no more power to enter into
this domestic and social relation of slavery, than
it has to contract marriage. I should demur, if I
were a lady, to be the bride; and lawyers will un-
derstand what I mean when I say there is a con-
stitutional impediment to contracting any such
relation, and it would be void ab initio. There
would be no power to consummate it, and, there-
fore, the relation can never exist.
What, if anything, has this to do with the sub-
ject now before us ? Why, if the Government is
not a slave-holding Government—if the Federal
Government has rio authority by law to hold
slaves—then it had no authority by the Constitu-
tion, or by law, to sanction the contract made by
General Jesup with the Creek nation; and that
is the end of the whole matter. If the Govern-
ment had no authority to hold slaves, if General
Jesup had no authority by law to enter into this
contract, then the advocates of this bill may talk
as long as they please about the Government sanc-
tioning this transaction, and about the Secretary
of War, or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
sanctioning it, because all statesmen and all law-
yers know that that which is void in its inception
is incapable of any confiinidtion afterwards.
Mr, Chairman, how much time have I left?
The CHAIRMAN. Just seven minutes.
Mr. BARTLETT. Well, sir, if I had not
great confidence in the patriotism of my ancestors,
and in the previous legislation of Congress, m the
adoption of these rules, I should claim that this
one-hour rule was unconstitutional, as abridging
the freedom of speech. [Laughter.] I never ex-
pect to obtain the floor again in the American Con-
gress; but 1 have only stated my programme; the
performance has not begun yet. [Renewed laugh-
ter.] But I must proceed. These negroes were
the property of the Creek nation, were they not?
The advocates of this bill claim that the Govern-
ment of the United States made this contract.
Why, the documentary evidence that has been
put into this case most clearly and most manilestly
proves that the right of property was in the Creek
nation, by virtue of the contract with General
Jesup, and by virtue of the capture. Where
did they acquire the titlep it was by virtue of the
contract and the capture.
Now, let me ask, What interest had the United
States in these slaves3 Not the least m the world.
The documentary evidence shows that General
Watson bought these sla\ cs of the Creeks, through
the agency of General Armstrong, and that he paid
the consideration to them. Vet the gentleman from
Georgia [Air. .Toh-nsox] declares that theie is no
jury in the eounhy ihat would hesitate a moment
to return a verdict for the claimants in this c^ise.
Suppose the gentleman had his declaration filed in
Qssumpsit) there was no contract on the part of the
Government. The right to the property was m the
Creek nation. They undeitook to sell it tnrougu
the instrumentality of their agent, General Arm-
strong, and they received the money. The Gov-
ernment never had the least interest in the prop-
erty. But these gentlemen here say that the
General Government gave an order, and that they
were bound to deliver this property. Sir, the
position is untenable. This gentleman upon my
left has $14,000 worth of property m my posses-
! sion, and with my knowledge; he sells it to my
; friend from Ohio upon my right, [fyl*'. Epgerton,]
and he gives an order upon me to deliver it to Mr.
| Edgertont; but before I can deliver it an armed
1 force—a third power, claiming this property, inter-
' feres, and by force prevents my delivering it in
I pursuance of the order; am I responsible for that
i property? Sir, I deny the proposition that be-
, cause of this direction tome 1 am bound to deliver
; the property at all hazards. It has no foundation
I in law or reason.
Then, again, I deny that the word <s plunder"
comprehends negroes. The gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Johnson,] the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] and the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] contend for a proposition
i that never had any soundness in England or
| America, nor anywhere else where jurisprudence
, is cultivated and known as a science. They do
i not contend that the word "plunder," in its legit-
■ imate and true sense, comprehends negroes and
slaves, but they say it was understood by the par-
, ties to comprehend slaves. They say it is the
! interpretauonandunderstandingof the parties that
! is to be the governing rule. I deny it, sir. It is
the understanding and interpretation of the par-
! ties that is to govern in relation to the construction
of the contract, so far as it can be collected from
the instrument itself. Will the lawyers in this
: body rise up and tell me—will they state it to the
nation, and let itgo upon the record, that the un-
derstanding of the parties is to control, without
I reference to the instrument* No. The under-
I standing and intention of the parties, as far as it
1 can be collected from the instrument itself, is ad-
, missible; but it is a well-settled principle—settled
, in England, settled in America, settled in every
I State in this Union with which 1 am acquainted—
that parol evidence of a parol cotemporaneous
J understanding, inconsistent with the terms of the
i instrument itself, is never admissible to control,
\ to vary, enlarge, or diminish the terms of the in-
strument. But gentlemen may say that in equity '
' the claimants m this case ought not to be bound
by this rule. Sir, the rule m equity is the same.
I "have not consulted legal authorities, but relying
on my general reading, 1 assert, m the presence of
i the American nation and of the woild, that the
principle in the courts of equity is the same as that
! which obtains in the courts of law, in relation to
the rejection of parole evidence. Talk about the
' understanding of the parties! Are you to rely
■ upon the frail, uncertain, and dishonest memories
of men, to the exclusion of the written and dedi-
: cated memorial? But perhaps the advocates of
this bill may appeal to moral equity—to moral
i equity as contradistinguished from legal equity.
1 Well, sir, let me refer to the statement of the gen-
' tlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] one of the com-
i mittee from which this bill emanates. He says it
j was the object and intention of' General Watson
to purchase these negroes and sell them into eter-
; nal bondage, without reference to their condition, ;
1 whether they were free or whether they were I
: slaves. Ah! Why, sir, my Lord Coke, whom I j
, studied more than seventeen yearsago, lays down i
! this great axiom, that " he who comes into a court j
| of equity claiming equity, must come into court f
I with clean hands,
[Here the hammer fell.]
! Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman, I propose to ,
' say a vui y few words upon the subject of this bill, !
j and 1 shall not detain the committee long. 1
{ It seems to me that some gentlemen who have
engaged m this discussion have fallen into singu- (
tar legal'errors, and it shall be my purpose to !
attempt a correction of them. The gentleman ;
from Vermont, [Mr. Bartlett,] who has just '
submitted a very able address, repeated^ the error i
I into which the gentleman from New YorH, [Mr. _
ij Sackett,] who opened this discussion when the .
I bill was first befoie the committee, fell; and that ,
■ was, the position that it was incumbent upon the ,
! advocates of this bill to prove that slavery existed .
i among t];e Seminole nation, as gentlemen term ;
them, precisely as if, under the Constitution of
■ the United States, or any of the laws of the
: United States, any Indian tribe had a distinct :
1 existence as a nation. In common courtesy, we j
call them nations; but if the gentleman had looked \
twenty years back in the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, he would have found
that that fiction was attempted to be used in the
case of the Cherokees; that a distinguished pro-
fessional man, who had previously been Attorney
General of the United States, attempted to arrest the
action of the local authorities of Georgia, who were
proceeding to excute Tassell, an Indian, for mur-
der, by on appeal to the Supreme Court, and was
turned out of that tribunal almost with ridicule.
The Indian tribes, although for certain purposes,
and in view of certain considerations, they are
treated as nations, have no such character what-
soever in view of the Constitution of the United
States, or of any law passed in pursuance of that
Constitution. They are only quasi nations, recog-
nized as such for some purposes. But so far as
legal relations are concerned, they have not one
constituent as a nation; they are membeis of the
community or State in which they are located,
part of its population, subject to the control of its
municipal Jaws, and to be punished for breaches of
those laws, precisely as the Supreme Court decided
in the case of Tassell, to which I have referred.
Mr. SACKETT. I would ask the gentleman
from Maryland whether there is authority, or
ever has been, either in the United States, or in
any of the States, to settle the rights of property
among the Indians of any of the tribes ?
Mr. WALSH. There may have been special
treaties, by which particular rights of property
were to be settled by their own tribunals; but that
depended on the laws that the United States chose
to pass for that purpose. But, except so far as
this Government has given them the privilege of
deciding on their own rights of property, they be-
long to the State, and are subject to the State in
which they reside. The gentleman will assert
what every professional man and every reader of
constitutional law knows to be hertjsy, if he means
to say that these Indians located within the limits
of particular States, are not subject to the control
of the State laws.
Mr. SWEETSER, (interrupting.) I desire to
submit a legal proposition to the gentleman.
Waiving the question that these Indians were citi-
zens of the State of Florida, and that they held
slaves in conformity to the laws of thatState, I ask
the gentleman to answer this point: If that was
their relation to this domestic institution, under
the protection of the laws of Florida, by what au-
thority did the Government of the United States,
in a contest with these tribes in a state of war,
authorize a transfer of that property to any indi-
vidual, or to the Creeks?
Mr. WALSH. Why that does not depend at
all upon the laws of Florida. But I am not look-
ing to that question now. I was alluding to the
point made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sackett.] My answer, however, is, that if
they live within a State where slavery is recog-
nized, they can hold slaves just as weii as any
other portion of the population. The law in Ma-
ryland, and the lawloelieve in every Southern
State, is, that even a free negro may own slaves.
The only essential to the right to hold slave prop-
erty, is the freedom of the owner. And under
this law, the spectacle is often presented in Mary-
land, of free negroes asserting dominion over slave
property. Now, the question as to the existence
of slavery in Florida, I am not aware has been
raised here. There can be no controversy upor>
that subject. That this institution was known
under the laws of the State, and was sustained by
those laws, cannot be a question which will give
rise to any difficulty.
Mr. SWEETSER, The gentleman does not
distinctly understand my point. I desire that the
jrantieman will answer this as a legal proposition.
For the sake of the point, I am willing to take
the position he assumes for granted, that these In •
dians were authorized by law to hold slaves. But
I desiie to know by what authority the United
States could give instructions for the transfer of
these slaves. Why, if you admit that these In-
dians were the rightful owners, they would revert
back to them, even though the transfer was made
when they were in a state of war. I again say, I
desire to know by what right the United States
directed this transfer to be made? These slaves
could not be taken, unless condemned by a judi-
cial tribunal of the country, and I know of no au-
thority existing in the Government to direct any
such transfer,
