1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Un-
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of the personal representatives of William
A. Slacum, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Margaret L. Worth; and
A bill to provide compensation to such persons
as may be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive and keep the public moneys,
under the fifteenth section of the act of 6th Aug-
ust, 1846, for the additional services required under
that act.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Robb, Chief Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives have
passed the following: joint resolutions:
Joint resolution providing for the binding of certain doc-
uments ;
Joint resolution to authorize the Postmaster General to
legalize certain contracts for the transportation of the mail
in California and Oregon ; and
Joint resolution providing for the printing of additional
copies of the Journals and public documents.
In which they request the concurrence of the Senate. W
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is a joint resolution be-
fore the Senate providing for the printing of the
returns of the Seventh Census. The public inter-
est would be promoted by early action upon it,
and I think it my duty to call to it the attention
of the Senate. As there is, however, other busi-
ness before us to-day, I shall not insist upon
calling it up for consideration at this time, but
would move that it be made the special order of
the day for Monday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
while I maka a brief explanation in regard to the
report of what occurred here yesterday.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 know very well what the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire is about to be at,
and I rise to oppose his explanation, not from any
discourtesy towards him, as he well knows. But
I know very well, and he knows it also, that as
soon as he makes his explanation, three or four
other Senators will be on the floor in a few seconds
to make their explanations also, and thus I shall
be cut off from any opportunity of being heard o*
the question which comes up as the special order.
I appeal to the gentleman, therefore, whether he
will not withhold his explanation for the present.
Mr. HALE. I shall not occupy two minutes.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire, according to the usage of the Senate,
has a right to niake his explanation.
Mr. HALE. This is but the second time, Mr.
President, that I have ever asked the indulgence
of the Senate for such a purpose, and in all prob-
ability it will be the last. In the debate of yester-
day I remarked that—
" There was a great constitutional question of law, upon
which there was difficulty. I allude to the question whether
slavery was or was not abolished in the territories acquired
from Mexico by the operation of the Mexican laws. It was
remarked as a very astonishing fact upon the floor of the
Senate, that every Senator who spoke on that subject, liv-
ing south of a certain geographical line, took one view of
the constitutional question, and those living north of that
geographical line, took a contrary view.
"Mr. Walker, Mr. Butler, Mr. Underwood, and
others. It is not so.
" Mr. Douglas. That is contrary to the fact."
I now want to read a few words from a speech
delivered by Thomas Corwin, late Senator from
the State of Ohio. 1 do not mean Thomas Corwin,
Secretary of the Treasury, but Thomas Corwin,
late Senator from the State of Ohio. It is from
the Congressional Globe, and is as follows:
" What is there in the way. then, of my giving an intelli-
gent vote on this subject? Nothing at all. I would take
this bill in a moment, if I had faith in the processes through
which that law is to pass until it becomes a law jn the
Chamber below. But I have not that faith, and I will tell the
gentleman whv. It is a sad commentary upon the perfec-
tion of human reason, that with but very few exceptions,
gentlemen coming from a slave State—And I think I have
one behind me, who ought always to be before me, [Mr.
Badger,]—with a very few exceptions, all eminent lawyers
on this floor from that section of the country, have argued
that you have no right to prohibit the introduction of slavery
into Oregon, California, and New Mexico; while, on the
other hand, there is not a man, with few exceptions, (and
some highly respectable,) in the free States, learned or un-
learned, clerical or lay, who has any pretensions to legal
knowledge, but believes in his conscience that you have a
right to prohibit slavery. Is not that a curious commentary
upon that wonderful thing called human reason?
"Mr. Underwood. It is regulated by a line."
I "have done, sir. That is all the explanation I
have to make. * *
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the report is read there,
itT^ould seem to convey the idea that I questioned
the veracity of the Senator, when I said that such
was not the fact. I referred to the declaration by
which he made it appear that all on one side of
the line had taken one view of the matter, and all
on the other side had taken another and an oppo-
site view of it. It may have been true that a
Senator had previously made such a statement
upon this floor. That was not my denial. My
denial was, that if any Senator had made such a
statement, that statement was not true in fact. It
seems now that Mr. Corwin once said in the Sen-
ate, that, with few exceptions, those on the one
side had voted in one way, and, with few excep-
tions, those on the other side had voted the other
way. But whether the exceptions constituted
the majority or the minority, the Senate has now
no means of ascertaining. I know a large number
of Senators from the South, who are eminent law-
yers, who took the view that these laws were in
force; and others, again, from the North who took
the view that these laws were not in force,
but there was no division such as has been spoken
of by a geographical line. I understood the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yesterday to say that
the South had been unanimous m one view of the
question, while the North had been equally. I
am not aware that a question of law or of con-
stitutional constructien ever arose in this body on
which all the Northern members took the one side
and the Southern Senators took the other. It
was this proposition which I denied when I said
that such was not the fact.
I will now say, in this connection, that so far
as I have been familiar with the proceedings of
the Supreme Court, that body has never brought
itself under any just suspicion in regard to their
opinions on this matter as a legal or constitutional
question. The gentlemen from the North on the
Supreme Bench, as their decisions will show, have
uniformly, firmly, and rigidly adhered to and pro-
tected the constitutional rights of the South, as the
gentlemen on that bench who were born in the
Southern States. There has frequently been a
diversity of opinion among the judges of the Su-
preme Court on points of law and constitutional
construction that might affect this slavery ques-
tion; but where that diversity has existed, the
Southern judges have been divided amongst them-
selves, and the Northern judges have also been
divided amongst themselves; but never has it been
known that the judges from the North, collect-
ively, have taken one view of the question, and
the judges of the South, collectively, taken another
and a different view of it. If you examine the
decisions of the Supreme Court on this question,
you will see an entire absence of this supposed
bias or impression on the minds of the judges,
growing out of locality of interest, or association,
or birth. I have been gratified that such has
always been the case in the past, and I trust it
will always continue to be the case in the future;
that whatever may be the differences of opinion
which exist in this body, or elsewhere, the bench
of the Supreme Court of the United States is never
to be affected or influenced, or to be rendered sub-
ject even to the suspicion of entering into any of
those local feelings to which reference has Been
made. I believe that that court is above all such
imputations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understood the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire to say that he made
no exception. I do not know that he used the
fern "no exception," but he certainly made none
in the course of his remarks. My only object in
rising yesterday was to show that there were ex-
ceptions. Now, sir, I will admit what I said at
the time of Mr. Corwin's making his speech, that
the majority of members on the south side of 36°
30' denied the power of Congress over the subject
of slavery in the Territories, and contended that
they had a right to take and hold their slaves in
the Territories under the Constitution regardless
of Mexican laws; and that the majority on the
other side of the line were of a different opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. What has this to do with this
question ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very unwill-
ing to interrupt gentlemen, but he must' say that'
, this debate is altogether irregular. The gentleman
from New Hampshire got up for the purpose of
making an explanation, and he read an extract * ■
from a speech of a gentleman formerly a member
of this body. This discussion is out of order. ,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rose, also, to make an
explanation. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire read what I said when Mr. Corwiif made
his speech, as if what I said then contradicted what
I said yesterday. It does not. I admit' that a
geographical line seemed to control the opinions
of majorities. But it was not universal, as I un-
derstood the gentleman to affirm. There were
exceptions.
A Senator. Well, well; now move the special
order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 will call forthe special
order.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution declaring tl^measures of adjustment to
be a definitive settlement of the questions growing
out of domestic slavery.
JMr. BADGER. I have $n amendment to offer
to this resolution. It is for the purpose of relieving
it of two objections which may be taken Against
it, one of them perhaps having some intrinsic force,
and the other, I think, without any intrinsic, but
having some apparent force. The first objection
to which I alluae, is as follows: The resolution,
as it now stands, undertakes to declare, in respect
to the series of measures constituting the com-
promise, what is the duty of the public at large.
The second is, that it implies, or may be made to
intimate, that the Senate suppose that the acts of
legislation referred to are irrepeatable, or that it is
beyond the power of Congress to modify them.
I know that this was not the intention of the
mover of the resolution; but as it is important, if
it should be adopted, that it should be distinctly
understood, I suggest an amendment which I think
will avoid all difficulty, and express with clearness
and precision what is designed by it. It is to
strike out of the resolution the words—
" Entitled to be recognized as a definitive adjustment and
settlement of the distracting questions growing out of the ,
system of domestic slavery, and as such, that said measures
should be acquiesced in and faithfully observed by all good
citizens"—
And insert as follows:
" A settlement in principle and substance—a final settle-
ment of the dangerous and exciting subjects which they
embraced, and ought to be adhered to by Congress until
time and experience shall demonstrate the necessity of
further legislation to guard against eva.sion or abuse."
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I accept the
amendment with great pleasure. I am not partic-
ular about the phraseology of the resolution.
What I wish is, to get a large vote in its favor.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi is not privileged to accept it. The question
must be taken upon it.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to, there being on a division—yeas 24,
nays not counted.
The resolution therefore now stands as follows:
A Resolution declaring the Measures of Adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out of do-
mestic slavery.
Be it enacted, That the series of measures embraced in
the acts entitled "An act proposing to the State of Texas
the establishmentof her Northern and Western boundaries,
the relinquishment, by the said State, of all territoryclaimed
by her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims
upon the United States, and to establish a territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico,''approved September 9, 1850 j
" An act for the admission of the State of California into
the Union," approved September 9, 18o0; "An act to es-
tablish a territorial government for Utah," approved Sep-
tember 9, 1850; " An act to amend and supplementary to
an act entitled 'An act respecting fugitives from justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their masters, ap-
proved February 12, 1793,',5 approved September 18,1850;
and " An act to suppress the slave trade in the DMrict of
Columbia,"approved Septembers, 1850, commonly known
as the "Compromise Acts," are, in the judgment of this
body, a settlement in principle and substance—a final set-
tlement of tfie dangerous and exciting subjects which they
embraced, and ought to be adhered to by Congress until
time and experience shall demonstrate the necessity of
further legislation to guard against evasion or abuse.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, then addressed
the Senate at length, giving his views in favor of
the resolution, and in reply to the speeches of Mr.
Butler and Mr. Rhett. [For which see Ap-
pendix.]
Without concluding, Mr. P. gave way to a
motion to adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
