1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
Mr. Chairman, I now propose, in the few min-
utes left to me, to consider very briefly and imper-
fectly the details of the bill now pending.
I have no doubt, sir, that the committee, in con-
sidering this question, did it under all of the re-
sponsibility that would attach to gentlemen of
high intellect, unimpeached integrity, and patriot-
ism, in a like position; but, sir, it was the misfor-
tune of the great Northwest not to be represented
on that committee. We are so constituted, Mr.
Chairman, that our convictions of right are one
thing;, and our convictions stirred up and impelled
forward by a deep and living interest in aquestion,
quite another. It is an old saying, and long- since
admitted as a truthful one in this body in theory,
and generally in practice, that a bantling should
be committed to the tender care of a watchful and
kind-hearted nurse. In the organization of this
committee that correct rule was departed from,
and no gentlemen from the Northwest are upon
it, and some entertaining constitutional objections,
I believe, to any bill of the kind. Under such
circumstances, nothing better could have been
looked for, and it becomes the duty of this com-
mittee to so far perfect the bill as will make it
acceptable to the river and harbor interest. A
great injustice is done to the Mississippi and its
navigable tributary waters in this bill. The ap-
propriations should be increased for the Lower
Mississippi, and to the Upper Mississippi there
should be a liberal appropriation for the removal
of the Rock River Rapids, and one for the removal
of obstructions to navigation below and above the
Falls of St. Anthony; by the removal of which—
which can be effected for a trifling amount, compar-
atively—great advantages will result to the com-
merce of the upper river, for which the delegate
from Minnesota intends offering an amendment,
and to which no well-grounded objection can be
urged. The Tennessee should have an appropria-
tion, the Ohio an increase; and, sir, to the Illinois j
river there should be an appropriation of at least j
fifty thousand dollars. This river is navigable for ;
two hundred and fifty or three hundred miles; and i
what renders it eminently of a national character |
is, that it and the Illinois and Lake Michigan j
canal connect the navigable waters of the Missis- 1
sippi with the lakes, forming an uninterrupted ]
water channel for commerce from the city of New 1
York, by the wj v of Buffalo and Chicago, to ;
New Orleans. One of my colleagues intends of- '
fering an amendment in behalf of that river, which
deserves, and I hope will receive, the favorable
action of the committee. The only amendment
which I propose to offer is for the construction of
a breakwater and the erection of a pier at Wau-
kegan, Illinois, on Lake Michigan. I called the
attention of Colonel Abert, the head of the Top-
ographical Corps, to the necessity that existed for
a harbor of refuge at Waukegan for the commerce
of the lakes. He admitted the necessity as being
great and urgent, ond said that he had made a
survey of that port, and had made an estimate for
the construction of a breakwater, which would
give the best harbor for refuge on Lake Michi-
gan, and for about one half the expense of any
one on the lake. Since the committee have not
made appropriation for this place, I shall submit an
amendment to the bill in behalf of it, as the only
one which f have to offer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] is now entitled to an hour
to close the debate.
Mr. DTSNEY. I trust the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce will be kind enough to
allow me a portion of his time.
Mr. SEYMOUR. For a few moments.
Mr. DISNEY. I thank the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce for extending to me a
portion of the time allotted by the rules of the
House exclusively to him. I regretted exceed-
ingly at the time tfiat the motion should have been
made which was made to limit debate in this com-
mittee upon a bill of so much importance as that
now pending before the committee. There is no
one object which has ever occupied the attention
of Congress that has ever so enlisted the attention
of the public, or which has created so much ex-
citement among- the entire people of the country as
the subject of internal improvements.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to know whether the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce [Mr. Sey-
mour] has the right to transfer the floor to another
person ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
gentleman from New York, after having obtained
the floor, has the right to yield it for personal ex-
planation; but he cannot yield it for the purpose
of general discussion.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to say
one word in relation to this matter of closing de-
bate upon this bill. The effect of this operation
of limiting debate has been, that a Representative
of a larger commercial interest than any other upon
this floor has, by the action of this House, been
entirely excluded from uttering a solitary word
upon the merits of this bill. 1 have sought the
floor from the commencement of this discussion;
but I have failed to get it. By the action of this
House the most important commercial and navi-
gating interest within the limits of this Republic,
so far as any single district is concerned, is pre-
vented from being heard at all in relation to this
bill. So much for the action of the House. Now,
you will allow Buncombe speeches to be made by
the hour upon unimportant bills, but 
Mr. SEYMOUR. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Ohio has the right to take a
part of my time with my own consent?
The CHAIRMAN. Not without the unani-
mous consent of the committee.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If I am entitled to the floor,
I will yield to the gentleman from Ohio for expla-
nation.
Mr. NABERS objected.
Mr, DISNEY. 1 appeal to the committee to
allow me to proceed.
Mr. NABERS. I presume there are one hun-
dred gentlemen in this House precisely in the
same condition with the gentleman from Ohio.
So far as I am concerned, 1 have no objection to
his proceeding with his remarks. I too, like him,
have sought the floor again and again from the
beginning of this discussion, for the purpose of
expressing my views upon the subject. But by
that outrageous vote of this House, (T cannot call
it otherwise than outrageous,) our mouths have
been shut upon a bill more important in its char-
acter than any which has been before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman that this question is not debatable.
The gentleman can proceed if there is no objec-
tion.
[Cries of'1 Object!"]
Mr. DISNEY. I move that this committee do
now rise, with the view of enabling me to intro-
duce a proposition for the reconsideration of the
vote limiting debate upon this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose, unless the gentleman
from New York yields it to him.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 do not yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 am in actual possession of
the floor, and I make that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York {Mr. Seymour] is entitled to the floor. The
gentleman has no right to make the motion.
Mr. DISNEY. Well, this proceeding of closing
debate is an outrage, and I protest against it.
[Criesof" Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order, and will take his seat.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, were I called upon to justify the case which
a Government unfettered by constitutional restric-
tions should bestow upon the commerce subject to
its control, I should content myself by referring
to the extent of that commerce and its demand for
protection. If this national interest was every-
where diffused, occupying all classes of citizens,
from the man who can supply only the bone and
muscle of an iron frame up to the skillful naviga-
tor and the merchant prince; if it employed an
immense capital, wafted by every breeze and
borne on every sea; if it was exposed to the en-
croachments and depredations of the barbarian,
the marauder, the ruthless pirate, or if endangered
by the various perils of an extended coast, or the
obstructions of mighty rivers, I would at once
claim for it, on the score of that parental care,
that general guardianship, which any supreme
national Government should exercise over the in-
terests of its citizens, the protection and the fos-
tering care of the Government to whom such vast
commercial interests pertained.
Protection, in that sense of the term which ren-
ders secure the person and property of the citizen,
whether upon the land or the sea, is acknowledged
by all to be one of the highest duties of every Gov-
ernment. The united suffrages of ail nations,
ancient and modern, have sustained this senti-
ment. It has ever been the cardinal rule of the
statesman, and the boast of the patriot. Jt was
the maxim of the sages of antiquity that the most
perfect'Government was that by which the rights
of the meanest citizen were regarded of equal
sanctity with those of the wealthiest and most
powerful. And it may well be the pride of our
Government that its legislation and its power re-
j gard the rights and the welfare of its humblest citi-
zen—the sailor before the mast—as sacred as the
millionaire whose capital puts the machinery of
commerce in motion; which regards the bone and
muscle, nautical skill, and the capital, each as but
links in that golden chain which binds the wealth
of commerce fast to our side.
In this general view of the duty of the supreme
Government of a nation, the protection of all those
engaged in its commerce—extending that com-
merce—removing the obstacles to its advancement
—and protecting it on the high seas, and in the har-
bors, are most clearly embraced. This consider-
ation will always have a most important bearing
in defining the limits of legislation under a consti-
tutional government of limited powers like our
own. In all such cases the power to make appro-
priations for any purpose, must be referred solely
to the provisions of the Constitution. That is the
great chart by which all its' powers are to be
measured.
The clause in the Constitution of the United
States to which the power of improving rivers
and harbors has principally been referred, is found
among the express grants of power, and reads as
follows: " Congress shall have power to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States and with the Indian tribes." The
language itself, " to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations and among the several States,'* would
seem to be so explicit as to leave no doubt and
need no comment. Commerce on our large rivers
is surely regulated by .those improvements which
direct its course, facilitate its passage, and pro-
tect it from the perils of navigation while floating
on their bosom. Commerce on our ocean coasts
and inland seas is regulated by those improvements
which have for their object its safety from storms
by the protection of roadsteads and harbors. Such
works regulate it by increasing its volume and in-
suring the certainty and regularity of its transit
from point to point.
' But we are not left to a narrow rule of construc-
tion. We may safely occupy a higher and more
satisfactory ground. The framers of the Consti-
tution intended to confer this power upon the new
Government. What had these sages of the Rev-
olution assembled for? To patch up a rickety
Confederation? No! They had met to form a
new government—a government whose main and
distinctive quality should be, that it operated not
upon States and communities, but upon individu-
als. It was designed not to make requisitions of
sovereign States, but to command individual citi-
zens of a common country to make and govern a
Union, not a Confederation. .It was, therefore,
clothed with the power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excise. It exercised these
high powers. It laid tonnage duties, imposed a
tariff of duties upon importations, built custom-
houses, established port regulations, appointed
collectors, and assumed to demand and hold tlie
whole revenue derived from commerce, for the use
and support of the General Government. Can it
for a moment be pretended that the States surren-
dered to the General Government the ri ht of col-
lecting a revenue from their commerce, and did not
also surrender the power of giving that commerce
direction, extension, and protection?
The whole history of our country, cotempora-
neous with the formation of the Constitution, for-
bids such a supposition.
The conflicting commercial regulations of the dif-
ferent Statesof the old Confederation, was one of the
greatest sources of trouble and embarrassment to
the National Government of that day. The Im-
possibility of producing united, just, and proper
action in extending those facilities, and that pro-
tection demanded by the complex commercial in-
tercourse of contiguous States, rendered.it neces-
