1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. WALSH. I will come to that directly. _
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, (with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Maryland,) [Mr.
WALbii.J I desire to ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] a question: If the Govern-
ment had no right to take these slaves, E desire to
know by what authority they took the horses and
catile of the Seminoles?
Mr. SWEETSER. Two wrongs cannot con-
stitute a right. If there has been an assumption
of power upon the part of this Government in one
instance, that cannot be plead to justify it in again
disregarding the rights of any man, or set of men.
Mr. JOHNSON. One further question. By
what right, or what authority, did this Govern-
ment levy contributions upon the citizens of Mex-
ico during the late war?
Mr. SWEETSER. That was an entirely dif-
ferent thing. There was an independent nation,
and the principle which has been maintained by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Walsh.]
These Seminoles were, to some extent, under the
protection of the flag of this country; and this
Government was bound to protect the rights of
these individuals, as citizens of the State of Flori-
da or Georgia, or in whatever State they resided.
Mr. WALSH. Why, if the gentleman con-
cedes we could take this property from Mexico,
could we not do it in regard to any portion of the
people which should rebel against the authority
of this Government?
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not wish to be mis-
understood. I did not concede that there was any
such authority as the gentleman indicates in rela-
lation to Mexico. There was no power in the
Army of the United States, or in the Government
to enlist men, and to offer them, as inducements,
the control over the persons and liberties of the
citizens of Mexico. No such power whatever
was asserted.
Mr. WALSH. That goes upon the Abolition
ground, i will come to that directly. That de-
pends upon the question of whether these negroes
were persons. The gentleman will not deny
that, during the war with Mexico, the Govern-
ment had the right to take the property and levy
contributions upon the citizens of the country we
hadmvaded. We had the right of conquest. Now,
if that right exists with regard to a foreign country,
the same principle of the right of conquest exists
with additional force with regard to a rebellious
tribe of Indians within our own limits. Why,
sir, it is one of the punishments which are in-
flicted by a nation whose rights have been invaded,
upon the nation invading those rights. This
taking of property and levying of contributions
is a right of conqucst, and is the means of enforc-
ing just demands. You must do it by making
your enemies suffer in person and in property.
You did it in Mexico, by conti ilmtions, and you
may do it in any state of war where it is neces-
sary to subdue any people who have disregarded
your rights. The only inquiry which can arise
in regard to thegentleman's point is, whether these
negroes are to be regarded as property. That the
General Government had the light to make such a
contract, or that even the commanding officer had
the right, cannot be a matter of any successful
controversy. The Government employed these
Indians against another savage tribe of Indians.
We have hod all the sympathy expressed here
which is usual by a certain class of persons when-
ever the question of slavery jr brought up. The
gentleman who spoke upon the first day this bill
was before the committee, and who, I suppose,
will have the floor to speak upon it to-day, [Mr.
John W. Howk] made a great parade of the ages
of theseslaves. There was one man seventy years
old, and one infant two years old. All these things
areumfonnly thrown in by these Abolitionorators,
to excite hatred against this institution.
Now, I know nothing of the condition of these
particular people, but I do know that, as a general
thing, men of seventy years of age, and children ;
of two years of age, .ire generally better caiedfor
among the slave population than are the free ne- '
groes of a similar a^e in the cities of your North- I
era States. But this sympathy is continued to be ;
poured out. Gentlemen do not seem to recollect
that, at the period when the Government was forced
into this negotiation with the Creek Indians, that
murders had been committed. The dwelhngsand
habitations of the citi?ens of Florida had been
fired and made desolate. Under the pressure of
such a necessity, the Government was called upon
to invoke Indian strength against the Indian tribes
which had rebelled against it. The officers of the
Government made that contract, and it was one
reasonable under the circumstances. It was called
for by the nature of the service to be performed.
Under this contract these slaves were captured,
and they were justly and fairly the property of the
Creek nation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, they were property. We
hear a great deal said upon this clause of the Con-
stitution. We hear it asserted that, because there
is a provision in the Constitution which recognizes
the slave population, to a certain extent, as a basis
of representation, that, therefore, slaves lose their
distinctive character as property. Do not gentle-
men see, that that very recognition was put into
the Constitution for the purpose of throwing ad-
ditional guarantees around the Constitution. It
was like one of those fictions in the common law,
sometimes adopted for the purpose of insuring
truth and justice. That was the very reason for
placing this fiction in the Constitution. That was
the reason for making this species of property to
some extent a basis of representation, it was,
that being made so, the strength of the South
would be increased in our national councils, an ad-
ditional guarantee thrown around the institution
of slavery. Sir, they are recognized as property.
But that is not the question before us. If this
House, by the rejection of this bill, is to say that
slaves are not property, and that slavery is not
protected by the guaranties of the Constitution,
why, the South will indeed have new cause for
alarm and terror. Are we to be told that these
negroes are to be taken from these Indians, and
no return made to them upon the part of this
Government, because they are recognized ns
property? The proposition cannot be maintained.
They are property. That is not an inquiry to be
ascertained.
Now, the gentleman over the way, [Mi\Sweet-
skr,] who argued this subject with a great deal of
ability, seemed to suggest particular forms of
action, which, he says, could not have been main-
tained against the Government or against any
private individual standing in the position the
Government occupies in this matter. Does the
gentleman deny or doubt, that when these negroes
were captuied and came into the custody of the
United States at Fort Pike with the Indians, who
had been captured in the same campaign, they
were 111 the hands of, and under the control of the
Government, and could not be disposed of with-
out the consent of the Government? Now, it is
plain that General Watson made thus purchase
with the consent of the recognized agents of the
Government, and upon the faith of the Govern-
ment. And, no matter whether they were slaves
or not, by this contract these Creeks had a right,
and upon the assertion of that right tins man is
compelled to part with his money. Now, what
is this Government to do ? what are we bound in
good faith to do? These negroes being- under the
control, and in the possession of the officers of the
Government, they were bound to deliver them
up, and in case of refusal, they were liable to an
action m the nature of trover, the same as for any
other property. No lawyer would question that.
The General "Government having these negioes in
possession, the Creeks parted with their title.
They tiansfem-d whatever title they had to Wat-
son, and he, the owner and possessor of that title,
might brini* an action of trover against any party
who withheld that property from him. But the
case is still stronger against the General Govern-
ment. They not only failed to deliver up this
property, which, according to the terms of this !
contract, belonged to the Creeks, but they actually i
permitted the Seminoles to carry the sla'ves along: j
with them west of the Mississippi. Now, will i
the gentleman from Ohio [Mi. Sweetser] tell me,
if I own property which 1 have gotten under a
regular bill of sale, or by a regular purchase, and
another person shall step m nnd take that prop-
erty from my dominion, and out of my jurisdic-
tion, whether that third person would not be liable
in an action of trover? Th^t is the real question
at issue, for that is precisely what the General
Government have done in tins case.
Mr. SWEETSER. I understand the gentle-
man to put this case upon the ground that the Gov-
ernment has failed to discharge its duty, waiving
the question of original right. The Govern-
ment has failed to discharge its obligations to
General Watson. If the gentleman puts it upon
that ground, it changes the whole face of the case.
But the gentleman is talking in relation to an action
of trover. Now, the gentleman understands per-
fectly well thatan action of trover cannot be main-
tained except against the person who has posses-
sion of the property, or who has converted it to
his own use. Now, I do not understand that it is
claimed in this case that the General Government
have been guilty of converting the property, or
have failed to protect it in conformity with its en-
gagement, or of diverting, or using, or disposing
of it in any way. The question then arises, upon
what ground in law or equity can this case be
maintained?
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman is mistaken, I
apprehend, as to this law. I can maintain an
action of trover against a party who meddles with
my property, or diverts it, though he gets no pecu-
niary benefit from it. I can bring a special action
against an individual who takes my property for
no pecuniary purpose, and transfers it from my
dominion and out of the jurisdiction of the State
where I live.
Mr. SWEETSER. I am sure my friend does
not wish to misunderstand me. My point is here:
If the Government of the United States hiive trans-
ferred the property, over which they have no right
of ownership, and thus prevented the real owner
from coming in possession of his property.
Mr. WALiSH. Then, I hold thegentleman to
his pledge. This property was in the hands of
the United States authorities at Fort Pike; it was
under theircontrol. They know General Watson
purchased the 'title of the Creeks, which they
themselves have admitted to be good, and know-
ing that, they have entirely refused to deliver upon
demand, but they have transferred it with the
Seminoles, beyond the Mississippi. Now, it
seems to me that this is as clear a case as was ever
presented. They are liable, not only for the non-
fulfillment of the contract they had authorized their
agents to make, but they are liable in trover for
refusal to deliver upon demand, and they would
be liable to a special action for transferring these
slaves, to go along with their masters west of the
Mississippi.
They got a good consideration for it, which
makes this case conclusive upon the Government.
The gentleman who opened this debate thought
that, in the conclusion of the treaty, or the agree-
ment made by General Jesup with the Indians,
the clause permitting them to go with all their prop-
erty and slaves, west of the Mississippi river,
conflicted with this claim.
Sir, the Government, by getting Watson's
money, were enabled to fulfill that stipulation, and
the slaves were permitted, according to the terms
of the treaty, to be carried west of the Mississippi
river, under the authority of the Government.
Watson had paid his money, and enabled the
Government to complete their treaty stipulations,
and fulfill them at his expense. It seems to me,
without enlarging upon this consideration, that if
ever there was a just claim presented to the con-
sideration of this House, the claim set forth in
this bill is one.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Some weeks ago, when
! this matter was under consideration, I looked
! through all the documents referred to in the report
| of the committee, and referred to in this claim,
! and made a memoranda of the facts, and came to
I the conclusion that the Government were clearly
j liable, arid bound by every consideration of equity
' and justice, to pay this money to Watson's heirs.
I have not thought much upon the subject since;
and, as I did not arrive at the House to-day in time
to hear the remarks of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Baktlett,] I do not kpow what dif-
ferent light he may have thrown upon this subject.
I thought then, and I have not altered my opinion,
that the question whether those negroes were slaves
in fact, is not in issue, or at least not directly in
! issue, so as to make the validity of this claim de-
, pend upon it. And I will answer the question
j propounded by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
j Sweetser,] because it will give to the committee
| my view of the case—a question which I did not
I understand the gentleman who just now addressed
I the committee [Mr. Walsh] to answer. The
I gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] asked this
1 question: Could the Government of the United
I States transfer these slaves to the Creek nation ?
