1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
Now, I answer, No. The Government of the
United States never did transfer these slaves to
the Creek nation. The Government never bad
any property in these slaves. The question as-
sumes a fact contrary to the truth, and contrary
to the proof before the committee—a fact which
never existed. Now you see what a different case
will be_ presented, if you follow that idea out.
How did the Creek nation get their title to the
slaves ? By capture. It was well said by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Bartlett,] by
capture. Was the title or ownership of these
slaves ever in the United States? Never, never.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett]
asked a question the other day, which was followed
up by a question of the same import by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] which is
this: Can the Government of the LTnited States
own slaves? Can the Government of the United
States deal in slaves? The answer to that ques-
tion is not involved m this issue. I am not going
to answer it, because I do not think it necessary,
and I do not think it is right towards these claim-
ants, to answer an immaterial question, when the
answer might piovoke an immaterial issue to the
prejudice of the claimants.
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to state a fact ? I know the
fact that theGovernment of the United States have
dealt in slaves, and that they have sold slaves under
execution to pay debts due to them. And they
have taken slaves in payment of obligations, due
upon United. States bonds of public officers in the
South.
Mr, SUTHERLAND, (resuming.) I do not
say whether the Government can or cannot own
slaves. What I say is, that that question is not
involved in this case. Most clearly the Govern-
ment might be compelled to sell slaves in a certain
contmgency;forinstance, upon an execution issued
upon a judgment ohtained against Government
defaulters, especially if that was all the property
that could be levied upon. How could the Gov-
ernment avoid selling them? Whether the Govern-
ment could or ought to bid them off on such sale,
and hold them as Government property, is another
thing. But that is a question which I think is not
involved in this matter. Now, what are the facts
upon which this claim rests? I will state what the
facts are, and 1 will ask the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sackett,] and the gentleman from
"Vermont, [Mr. Bartlett,] when I state those
facts, to say which of them is not a fact. As I
stated before, I made a memorandum of the facts,
and noted the documents referred to by the com-
mittee to prove the facts.
In 1836 (August) General Jesup, in command
of our troops in Florida, made an engagement with
certain Creek warriors for their services in the
Seminole war. They were to haveall the plyndei\
they should take from the Seminoles; they weie
to have all Indian negroes and other Indian prop-
erty taken by them; they were also to have $20
as a reward for each slave belonging to citizens of
the United States captured.
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting.) No, sir. That
is not so.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Well, they were to
have all the plunder they might take from the Sem-
inoles; and they were to have $20 for each slave
captured belonging to citizens of the United States.
Mr. SACKETT. Tlmt is not so'.
Mr, SUTHERLAND. 1 say General Jesup
says by the written contractthat the Creeks should
have ail the plunder, and General Jesup says he
subsequently agreed to pay them $20 a head for
such of the captured slaves as might be the prop-
erty of white citizens, as an inducement for them
to save their lives.
Mr. SACKETT. General Jesup said at a sub-
sequent-period of the war, that he would give them
§20 for each slave captured, belonging to the
whites.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. We do not differ. The
original contract between General Jesup and the
Creek warriors was, that they should have all the
plunder they took.
This is one fact. We will strike out all the rest.
The Seminoles then had many negroes living with
them reputed to be slaves; some of which belonged
to citizens of the United States, principally in
Florida—some they had bought.
Is that fact disputed ? There was at that time,
when the contract was made, negroes living with
the Seminole Indians, which General Jesup says
in his letter were slaves; which Colonel Hum-
phrey and other citizens of Georgia say were
slaves; and a gentleman by the name of Heath,
informs us of the names of the persons from whom
about forty of them were purchased by the Semi-
nole Indians.
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow meamoment to say, whatl intended
to have said in connection with my remarks. The
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Bartlett] admits
that slavery is a State institution, and that the
laws in the several States are to govern that insti-
tution and protect it. Now, I stated as a princi-
ple of law, that will not be contradicted, that color
in the whole Southern country is prima facie evi-
dence of slavery, and if a black man denies that
he is a slave he is bound to prove it. That prin-
ciple is universal in the slave States.
Mr. SWEETSER. Inasmuch as this discus-
sion is intended to get the facts fairly before the
committee, if the gentleman will permit me, I will
propound one question, touching this point, to
which he has directed the attention of the commit-
tee. I understand that Mr. Harris, the gentleman
j at the head of the Indian Bureau, authorized this
arrangement to be made in relation to the transfer
of these slaves to Watson, of whom the present
claimants are heirs, and that it was done inde-
pendently of the Secretary of War. Now, I
should like to know by what authority Mr. Har-
ris did authorize the transfer and holding of these
men, whom we captured in this war with the Sem-
inoles? I do not know that there is any authoi-
*y.
Mr. SACKETT. There is no authority at all.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I have already stated
that the Government of the United States never
owned, and never claimed to own these slaves.
Nor did Mr. Harris, or any other agent, ever un-
dertake to transfer the property in these slaves to
the Creeks, if that is what the gentleman means.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 understand that the
ground upon which the claimants seek remunera-
tion for these slaves, rests upon the basis that there
was an understanding made with Mr. Harris, act-
ing upon the part of the Government, authorizing
the transfer of these captured slaves to Mr. Wat-
son; and I understand the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Walsh] to predicate his argument upon
the ground that the Government,after having au-
thorized this transfer, authorized this purchase to
be made by General Watson. I understand the
course of the argument of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Walsh] is, that this arrangement
was made under the authority and by the sanction
of the officers of the Government of the United
States. The question I propound to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sutttkrland] is, upon
what authority did Mr. Harris act? He admits
that he had no authority.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I have no interest in
! this matter. I merely wish to give my legal view
' of the case. Now, in the first place, permit me to
remark, that in ninety-nine cases out of ahundred,
if men are honest in their differences of opinion,
these differences arise from a mistake about facts.
In this case, these children, or heirs, are likely to
be prevented from obtaining their just rights, in
consequence of a mistake of the facts—in conse-
quence of assuming that for fact, which never ex-
isted. Now, I have stated the contract that Gen-
' eral jesup made, in the way the gentleman from
j New York [Mr. Sackett] wants it stated; and I
i have stated that at the time the contract was made,
! there were negroes living with the Seminole In-
i dians, and that they were called slaves by General
I Jesup; called skives by the Secretary of War;
i called slaves by the citizens of Georgia; called
! slaves by the Creeks and by the Seminoles; and
I the negroes themselves never denied that they
' were slaves, and never claimed to be free. Now,
; I state that they were black, and that they are
i called slaves in these papers, and were reputed to
I be slaves. Is it disputed? Well; what then?
| As 1 mentioned before, I made some time since a
! memorandum of the facts, and a reference to the
1 documents which prove those facts, but so much
j of my time has been consumed, I will have nofur-
! ther refeience to it, but can probably more briefly
i state the facts without any further reference to it.
1 And I am sure that no gentleman will deny what
I state. The Creek warriors did aid the troops
■ of General Jesup in the war with the Seminoles.
The Creek warriors did capture slaves. General
Jesup says they did: the Government has said so;
everybody has said so. They did capture certain
negroes, whom the Creeks claimed to be slaves;
the negroes, so captured, themselves did not deny
they were slaves; and the General Government
has admitted them to have been slaves, and,
through its officers, proclaimed them to have been
slaves, over and over again.
There were about one hundred and three slaves
and free negroes captured under this arrangement,
besides the slaves belonging to white persons—of
the latter there were ninety-three,.which were re-
turned to their owners. There were about one hun-
dred and thirty negroes captured, belonging to
white citizens of Georgia; and General Jesup paid
the Creek warriors twenty dollars a head for
them, and sent them home to their owners. Gen-
eral Jesup says there were some eighty slaves—
he calls them slaves—which the Creek warriors
had captured, whom he sent to Fort Pike. There
were seventeen left behind, and he says that some
one or two or more, on examination, might be
found to belong to white citizens of Georgia, but
that the greater part of these slaves at Fort Pike
were captured by the Creek Indians, and were
their property under the contract. What then?
The documents are full of evidence to show that
the Government was embarrassed as to what they
| should do with these negroes. Why embarrassed?
| Why, sir, from knowing human nature well
] enough to know that the question laised upon this
j debate, and that the very excitement produced
i here, would be produced by any act of the Gov-
I ernment in relation to these negroes. General
I Jesup knew that it would not do to send them
! west—such was the declaration of the officers of
! the Government—because it would renew, as was
i supposed, the war between the Seminoles and the
j Creeks. What, then, were they to do? General
i Jesup imprudently—imprudently, I say, because
: it would have been extremely imprudent for the
! Government to buy these slaves—offered the
j Creeks $8,000 for their interest in them, over and
| above the $20 paid for each slave captured, be-
j longing to the whites; which offer was sanctioned
j by the Government, but the Creeks refused to
i take it. What then? Still the policy of the Gov-
| ernment was not to allow the negroes to go west
' with the Seminoles, or with the Cieeks. What
i then ? In May 1, 1838, a deputation of the Creek
! Indians, with Captain Armstrong, came to Wash-
ington to ascertain from the Department of War,
whether they, the Creeks, were to be permitted
to take the negroes, (then reduced to sixty or
seventy,) or were to be paid for them. And Mr.
Armstrong swears that this whole matter was dis-
cussed, and that the Government, to relieve itself
from the dilemma, sent for General Watson, and
procured him to purchase the slaves.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask the gentleman if,
when he speaks of the Government, he alludes to
Mr. Harris, as Commissioner of Indian Affairs?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I understand that is
disputed. I have not time to read the affidavit of
Mr. Armstrong; but 1 say that it is full, unequiv-
ocal, and explicit as to these facts.
What further? General Watson did purchase
these slaves, with the knowledge, with the appro-
bation, and at the instance and suggestion of the
Government, and did pay in cash, part here and
part m Philadelphia, $14,000 to Captain Arm-
strong, and. Captain Armstrong swears that he
took it, and paid it over to the Creek Indians.
Now, what more? Where were the negroes, the
slaves, that Watson had bought? At Fort Pike,
in the possession of the Government, under the
care of Lieutenant Reynolds. Now, what were the
Government bound to do—what ought the Gov-
ernment to have done? You have to bury every
principle of justice, every principle of right and
wrong, to say that the Governmentwere not bound
to deliver these negroes—negroes, sir, whether they
were slaves or not. What, after all these acts of
the Government, after procuring Watson to pur-
chase them—after acknowledging over and over
again, through its officers, that they were slaves—
can the Government say that they were not slaves?
That is the pomtof this matter. Can theGovern-
ment set up now as against this claim, that these
negroes were not slaves ? It is not pretended that
they were the slaves of the Government. They
were the slaves of the Creeks, and theCreeks sold
them to Watson, and the Government, a <Uy or
