128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18*
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Jas.
P. Lightbourn> praying compensation for property-
destroyed while in the occupation of the troops of
the United States during the Florida war; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWSON submitted additional documents
relative to the memorial of Jane Irwin; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Squire
Moon, praying to be allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NORRIS submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Israel Ketcham; which,
with his petition on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, it
was
Ordered, That the memorial of Clements. Bryan & Com-
pany, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
On motiou'by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Noah Miller, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William R. Hallet, admin-
istrator of Joshua Kennedy, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
.Ordered, That Bryan Callaghan have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual message
as relates to the finances be referred to the Committee on
Finance; that so much thereof as relates to naval affairs
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs ; and that so
much thereof as relates to military affairs be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to the public lands be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to the foreign relations of the country be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MANGUM gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of John
B. Bryan, administrator of Isaac Garretson, de-
ceased", late a purser in the United States Navy.
Mr. MILLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for making appropri-
ations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. GrWIN submitted the following resolution;
which wafc considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the Senate with nny letter? from olficers of the
Navy on the subject of corporal punishment in the Navy,
and any code or codes of law or regulations which he may
have had prepared for the better government of the Navy.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to employ a clerk during the present Congress, to whom the
usual per diem compensation shall be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
ftesoiued, That the President be requested to furnish to
the Senate the original record of examinations of witnesses
prepared by a ''BoardofExammers," composed of General
Churchill, United States Army, and other officers, relative
to sundry claims of citizens of Florida, and also the record
of examinations of witnesses prepared by Major Thomas,
United States Army, and other officers, on tiie same subject,
which records were prepared by order of the War Depart-
ment, and are now on file 111 said department.
IRON REG[ON OF LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution of Mr
Felch, of the 18th instant, "that five thousand
1 five hundred additional copies of the report of
4 Messrs. Foster and Whitney, in relation to the
' iron regionofLake Superior, Michigan, which
4 was ordered to be printed by the resolution of
' the Senate of the 13th March last, be printed
* for the use of the Senate, and that three hundred
* copies thereof be furnished to the Smithsonian
* Institution for distribution, and two hundred
* copies to Messrs. Foster and Whitney," reported
that the same be printed; and the report was con*
curred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring m a joint resolu-
tion, to establish certain mail routes in the State of
New York; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ATCHISON, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel Alexander G. Morgan; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill amendatory
of the act entitled " An act to provide for holding
the courts of the United States, in case of the
sickness or other disability of the judges of the
districts courts," approved July 29, 1850; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS FROM THE HOUSE.
The joint resolution, providing for the binding
of certain documents, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The joint resolution to authorize the Postmaster
General to legalize certain contracts for the trans-
portation of the mail in California and Oregon, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The joint resolution providing for the printing
of additional copies of the Journals and Public Doc-
uments, was read a first and second time by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and no amendment being made, it was reported to
the Senate.
Ordered, That it pass to a third reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a register to the brig Ada; and
A bill granting to the State of Mississippi the
right of way, and a donation of public land, for
the purpose of locating and constructing a railroad
from Brandon to the eastern border of said State,
in the direction of Montgomery, in the State of
Alabama.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, viz: the resolution submitted by
Mr. Foote, and amended on the motion of Mr.
Badger, as follows:
A Resolution declaring the Measures of Adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the question growing out of do-
mestic slavery.
Be it enactcd. That the series of measures embraced in
the acts enutled "An act proposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of her Northern and Western boundaues,
the relinquishment, by the said State, of a)l territory claimed
by her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims upon
the United States, and to establish a territorial government
for New Mexico," approved September 9, 1850; "An act
for the admission of the State of California into the Union,"
approved September 9, 1850; "An act to establish a terri-
torial government for Utah," approved September 9, J 850 ;
"An act to amend and supplementary to an act entitled cAn
act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escaping
from the service of their masters,' approved February 12,
1793," approved September 18,1850 ; and "An act to sup-
press the slave trade in the District of Columbia," approved
September 20,1850, commonly known as the " Compromise
Acts," uie, iu the judgment of this body, a settlement in
principle and substance—a final settlement of the dangerous
and exciting subjects which they embraced, and ought to be
adhered to by Congress until time and experience shall
demonstrate the necessity of further legislation to guard
against evasion or abuse.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi, who was entitled
to the floor, resumed and concluded the speech
commenced yesterday; the report of which is with-
held, at his request, for revision. [It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON next obtained the floor, but he
gave way to
Mr. RHETT, who desired to make a brief re-
ply. He, however, also yielded to the request of
Senator/a. And th« Senate adjourned.
- IN SENATE.
Saturday, December 20, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I present the
petition of the Industrial Congress of the city of
New York, praying for the adoption by the drov-
erment of the United States of a policy in its di-
plomatic relations with foreign Powers which shall
favor all struggles for freedom worthy the genius
of a democratic people.
The memorial, which is as follows, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations:
To the Senate and House of Representatives oj the United
States in Congress assembled:
The Industrial Congress of the city ofNew York, deeply
sensible of the benefits and blessings flowing from free insti-
tutions and republican government—the happy possession
of the American people—are anxious that these blessings
should extend to, and be enjoyed by, the entire family of
man.
The last few years have witnessed many manful efforts
and heroic struggles on the part of the people of the. Old
World, to cast off the yokes of despotism and monarchical
government, and erect in their stead forms of government
more in consonance with the principles of democratic lib-
erty.
These struggles have.not yet ceased. The fire of liberty
has not yet been quenched, but is burning with an intensity
in the bosoms of our European brethren equaled only by that
which pervaded our fathers in America's earlier career.
The Industrial Congress esteem it the religious duty of a
people so fortunately situated as are the people of the Uni-
ted States, to manifest their sympathy and extend their aid
in behalf of the depressed of other lands. It therefore re-
spectfully memorializes your honorable bodies so to modify
the foreign policy of the Government of the United States
as to admit of a practical expression of sympathy and ex-
tension of aid, on the part of our people, in behalf of such
victims of European despotism as may hereafter desire and
require it.
In thus memorializing the Congress ofthe United States,
the Industrial Congress would not be understood as seeking
to involve our Government m foreign war, to infringe upon
our treaties with other nations, nor to disturb our interna-
tional law. On the contrary, we simply ask that in our
diplomatic lelations with foreign Powers, a position shall
be assumed and maintained m behalf of all strugglers for
freedom, worthy of a just, generous, and democratic people,
knowing that the assumption of such a position on the part
of Government will be followed by a ready and hearty re-
sponse from the citizens of the United States; and that this
combination of sympathy for the oppressed cannot but be
instrumental in hastening the day when the entire human
race shall be delivered from the thraldom of monarchy and
despotism.
In behalf of the Industrial Congress:
H. A. GUILD, Secretary.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of W.
R. Nevins, praying an extension of his patent for
a machine for rolling and cutting crackers and bis-
cuits; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Daniel
Brister and others, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken and destroyed by the Camanches and
other Indian tribes; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Charles
Massey, jr., and other citizens of Philadelphia,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee
on French Spoliations.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, praying an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a breakwater in Owl's Head harbor, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Z. F.
Johnston, an officer in the Navy, praying the re-
imbursement of certain expenses to which he was
subjected in obeying an order of the Secretary of
the Navy, and to be allowed the pay of a Captain
in the Navy during the time he discharged the du-
ties of that office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Rhodes, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Ofiice and Pos>t Roads.
On motion by DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That John C. Sheldon have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. MASON", it was
Ordered, That Albert Fitz have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of MiraM. Alexander, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
