1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9.
two after the sale to Watson, issued an order for
their delivery to Mr. Collins, the agent of the
Creeks, that they might be delivered over by him,
as the agent of the Creeks, to Mr. Watson, in pur-
suance of the sale. The officer, Lieutenant Rey-
nolds, having the custody of the negroes, declined
obeying the order, for which act the Secretary of
War reprehends Lieutenant Reynolds, and tells
Lieutenant Reynolds that it is much to be regretted
that he did not obey the order of the Government.
This is enough. The negroes were not delivered
up, as they oucjht to have been. They were moved
west, with the Seminoles, by the officer or offi-
cers of the Government, Watson could not, and
did not, ever get possession of one of them; and it
was through the fault of the Government of the
United States.
Now, where do you get, in this case, the ques-
tion whether these negroes were slaves or not? Is
this a question between these negroes and the
Creeks ? Is this a question ISetween these negroes
and their Seminole owners' Is it a question
whether they are slaves or not? Certainly not,;
certainly not. Whom is this claim against?
Against the Government of the United {States.
Do not the principles of law and equity estop the
United States from saying they were nut slaves?
I procure you, or permit you to purchase property
in my possession, assuming it to be slave, or any
other particular properly, and you purchase it at
my instance and request, where do you get your
rule of morality, or your rule of law, that permits
me, after you have paid your money, to set up a
defense by saying that what I said was false?
What kind of morality is this to preach in a Hall
like this, which ought to be, if it is not, a hall of
justice5 Why, sir, not slaves! In it any differ-
ence whether they were slaves or not? Is the
equity of the case depending upon the qmstion as
to whether they were .slaves or not? .Not slave* !
Did not the Government say they were slaves'
Did not the Government pi ocin e tins nmn to buy
them? Is it here a question between Congress
and these negroes, anci are they pleading for then
liberty before us ' Mi. Speaker, is that the ques-
tion ? if the question of slavery comes up at all,
it does not come up directly. 'It is merely col-
lateral.
I say again, that cannot be considered the issue
in this case, because the Government, by the acts
and declaration of its officers, has. put nself m a
position which precludes it from setting up now
that these negroes were not slaves. The negroes
are not here asking us to manumit them. The
question here is not a question between the negroes
and those claiming them as slaves; a question of their
freedom or slavery. The payment or non-payment
of this claim will not alter their condition. \Vill re-
fusing to pay this claim bring them from the Semi-
noles ? Then w hy this sympathy, why tins r\c; le-
nient? It is not a question of slavery. Will your
vote and youi detei initiation upon this iloor to pay
or not to jmy this money affect, m any manner, the
rights or condition of the.se negroes.' If fhev are
free, will it make them slaves - If they are shtv es,
will it make them freer If they an*, ni fact,
slaves, will they not still remain slaves whether
you pay the money or not? Mr. Chan man, it
is tins winch lias induced me to say a word upon
this subject—i mean the unnecessarily involving
and bringing an issue into tins ease which ha*
nothing at all to do with it; and in ijiy judgment
a plainer, more just, and ni-ne equitable claim
never was made out than tins. N.nv, let me a«k
who is it, who sets up and pleads here that they
are not slaves > Whose duty is it2 I say, the
Government s mouth is closed. It has no right to
assert that they are not slaves as against Watson
or his representame. Do gentlemen ask me
whether they were slaves m not? 1 say, u is no
matter whether they were slaves or not.' You are
bound to pay the money—the chum is nqt for
slaves, but for money. Why, the question pi,u
by thegentieman fiomNew Vork, [Mi. Sackett,*)
whether this Government can own slaves or not,
is not at all involved m this matter.
Now, one word about tins contract. What is
meant by the term plundei ? Anything taken from
an enemy without hisconsent,and by forceofarms,
or by capture m war or battle, is called plunder.
The teim "characterizes not so much the kind of
thing taken, as the manner or mode by which the
thing is taken. If I purchase your horse, and
you give me a bill of sale and deliver the horse to i
me, I thereby acquire a possession and title by
purchase. So of .slaves. But if you are a public
enemy or foe, and I take the slave from you by
force—if I take the horse from you by force—the
slave, or the horse, is plunder. It does not mean
any particular thing or kind of property; it only
means a mode of acquiring the thing as distin- i
guished from purchase, as distinguished from a !
peaceful acquisition; it means an acquisition or
possession acquired by force. In old times, when
by the law and custom of nations, the captive,
whether bond or free, became the slave of the cap-
tor, it was plunder. These negroes were the slaves
of the Seminoles, so it must be assumed here, m
looking at this claim. I have shown that the Gov-
ernment are estopped, by the acts and declarations
of its officers, from setting up now, as against
Watson or the Creeks, that they were not m fact
slaves. The Seminoles arid the Creeks were en-
gaged in open war, as the enemies of each other.
The Creeks took these negroes from the Semi-
noles, m open war, by force. This was their title,
and all the title they had. Their title was the
capture, and not the contract of General Jesup.
Indeed that contract prevented the Government
from acquiring or claiming any title, because it
said that the Creeks might acquire this title by
capture. Nor can it be made a question here,
between the Government and Watson ^represent-
atives, or between the Governmentand the Creeks,
whether General Jesup was in fact authorized to
make this contract:—
1st. Because we have shown, that the possession
and the title of the Creeks, whatever n was, was
acquired by capture from the Seminoles, and not
under or through that contract, by purchase or
otherwise from the United States—and therefore
the question of authority is immaterial.
2d. If the authority of Jesup is material, as be-
tween the Government and third parties, Watson
or the Creeks, it must be assumed that he had au-
thority, the subject-matter of the contract being
within his proper jurisdiction and cognizance, it
Jesup exceeded his authority, that is a question
between him and the Government, and not be-
tween the Government and Watson, and between
the Government and the Creeks—innocent third
parties must not sutler.
3d. The Government,through its officers, have
ratified and confirmed this contract, and the right
and title of the Creeks, however acquired, by their
repeated acts and declarations; by the offer to pur-
chase the negroes of the CreeKs for $8,000; by
their procuring Watson to purchase the negroes
of the Creeks as the slaves and property of the
Creeks; and by uniformly treating them as the
sluves and property of the Creeks; and therefore
the Government cannot now- deny the right and
title of the Creeks, or of Watson, under the pur-
chase from them.
Now, Watson paid the purchase money to
Armstrong, and he paid it over to the Creeks, as
is expressly sworn to by Armstrong in his affida-
vit, and as is acknowledged by the Government;
and the Government has had the benefit of this
money, because it was the settled policy of the
Government not to deliver thenegroesto the Creeks
to be moved west with them; and it is appaient
from the evidence, that if Watson had not pur-
chased the negioes, the Government would have
been compelled either to purchase them itself, or
to procure some other person to purchase them.
Lt can make no difference whether this claim is
presented here by the Creeks or by Watson. The
Uoveinment, I think, is bound by every principle
of justice to see that Watson, or his representa-
tives are repaid at leastthe amount paid by him to
the Creeks, with interest; and such payment to
them would absolve the Government from all lia-
bility to the Creeks.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, how many
minutes are there left before the termination of the '
debate ?
The CHA.IRMAN. Thirteen.
Mr. SWEETSER. I had intended to trespass
for a few moments upon the attention of the com-
mittee, by the courtesy of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] but the time re-
maining previous to the closing of debate will be !
sufficient for my purpose. It is my desire that
this bill shall be explained with reference to cer- '
tain points, so us to authorize me to cast my vote |
in favor of its passage. It involves, in my judg- i
ment, a very grave and important principle, and I !
intend, in the few minutes allotted me, to direct
my attention to two points of the bill. I do not
wish to introduce into this debate any question
which shall excite the feelings of members so that
their judgment may be withdrawn from a full
and fair consideration of the merits. I have no
time to go back into the details of the bill, but will
at once approach the two points I desiie to make,
and to these points I will call the attention of the
gentleman from Noith Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,]
who will close this debate. I waive all of the ques-
tions touching the right of these Indians to hold
slaves, or their pecuhar condition under the laws
of the State in which they reside. In order that
the claimants may recover the amount claimed by
an intelligent vote of the House, there are two
points which must be answered, and answered
fully. Now, Mr. Chairman, I take this first posi-
tion, and call the attention of members particu-
larly to it, that the Government of the United
States, through the instrumentality of any of its
officers, had no power under the Constitution to
make the arrangements they did make with these
Indians, in order to induce them to engage in the
Seminole war, and that the possession acquired as
the result of the arrangement conferred no title
whatever upon the^e Creek Indians, to the sup-
posed slaves found fighting with Seminole Indians.
I do not undertake to discuss the elements of a
title by capture. I take the broad ground and
predicate my position upon the argument adduced
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Suther-
land,] that the Uniied States Government had no
power under the Constitution to make any such
arrangement. The doctrine of the transfer of the
liberty of persons—of individuals captured in
war, is unknown to our institutions. It is with-
out any precedent in civilized warfare. I desire
to raise my voice here distinctly against any such
principle as that. I will not, however, dilate upon
that subject.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Yousay,then,because
the Government had no power, that this man
ought to lose his money!
Air. SWEETSER. f am coming to that point.
Air. SUTHERLAND. Then I would not take
the position that it has no power. It makes no
difference.
Mr. SWEETSER. If the gentleman will listen
he will find that I will dispose of that point. The
gentleman said that the slaves were captured fight-
ing with the Seminoles, and sent to Fort Pike,
and that the Government was embarrassed by the
then condition of tne mutter. Certainly, they
were embarrassed; and they were so because the
intelligence of the Go\einment at once perceived
that this arrangement, made by General Jesup, 5
was not authorized by law, or the customs of war,
but was, on the contrary, m direct violation of
those principles which should always govern the
administration of this Government in time of war,
was a barbarism that even savages would scout as
unworthy of even savage warfare. They saw
that the Government had no power to hold these
men, or to transfer them to the Creek Indians,
engaged in the war with them, as stipulated by
Ueneral Jesup. There can bf no doubt upon that
subject.
Now, I will call tl^e attention of the gentleman
from North Carolina to another point. 1 hope he
will reply to these points. I know the intelligence
and candor with which he nUvavs argues ques-
tions before the House. Watson became a spec-
ulator in these negroes, and, if he had been a pru-
dent man, it was his duty to have ascertained by
what right these Creek Indians claimed these
slaves, which they proposed to transfer to him.
It was his duty to ha\e ascertained whether Gen-
eral Jesup had any authority to make the contract
alleged to have been made. It was his duty to
find out bv what authority the officers acted in
delivering over to an htdian ally, men taken in bat-
tle, to the Creek Indians, to bp'by them sold into
perpetual slavery, and whether they had the
power to bind this Government to such an ar-
rangement, alike disgraceful to the Government
and the age. Upon the explanatian only of these
points can this claim rest. All these duties were
enjoined upon the man who sought to deal in this
kind of property. He was bound to consult the
record to ascertain if he was acquiring a title
which would avail him. He acted at his peril
with these officers of the Government, who had
no right to enter into this contract, and his title
