PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR TittS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session..
TUESDAY, JULY 27, 1853.
New sf,rbi5..~..No. 120. •
power would go if it went to the firsts yet a power to
provide and maintain a Navy is a power ttf pruvide'reeep-
tacles for it, and places to coyer and preserve it. in
choosing the places u here this money should be laid out, I
shoiUd be much disposed, us far as contracts will -permit > to.
confine it to such place or -places as t$e skips-of-war rtihy
lie at, and fie protected from ice, and T skouldbc for stating
this in a message, to Congress, in order to prevent the effect
of the -present ex.am.ple. *!The- act fias been' built on the ex-
ereiso of the power ot-buiidtng lighthouses,."as a reeulatum
of commerce. But X well remeoihe'r the opposition ou this
very ground to the first actTor building a light-house. The
utility of the thing has sanctioned infraction. Hat if on
that infraction we buihl a second, on that sccnnd a third,
&e., ,any one/>f the powers oi the Constitution may be
made to comprehend every power of Government."
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Chairman, this power
to improve the navigation of rivers and harbors
has been so long; exercised by the Government,
first and last, by almost every Administration, ex-
cept that of Mr. Polk, that l hardly now think it
is an open question. But I have one objection to
this bill, which to me is an insuperable objection.
It is sectional, eminently sectional in its.cliaracter
—too much so-, I thfnk, to command the votes .of
a majority of this House;- certainly top much so
to command mine, without considerable modifica-
tion, Whoever takes up this bill and scans it,
will see that it has three prominent objects. It is
to appx*opriate to the great centers where the voting
is done, and to leave out all the other sections, sub-
stantially, without reference to the merits of the
works they present to the consideration of the
House and the legislation of Congress.
Now, sir, there were many objections to the bill
that passed the House at the last session of Con-
gress. t voted for that bill, though f could not
conceal from myself the fact that there were many
objectionable features in it; but it had one merit,
at least, over this. • It was not entirely sectional;
it was not confined to Big.Sodusand Little Sodus,
and the lakes-, fcnd to those places where the voting !
rs to begone which is to pass the bill, as is emi-
nently the case with the one iiow before the
House.
Sir, my own State has a sea-coast of over seven
hundred wiles, yet, upon that sea-coast, there is
not a single appropriation .in this bill. It is en-
tirely omitted. The bill of last Congress appro-
priated $50,000 to her coast. There was an ap-
propriation in the bill of the last session for the
improvement of the Rio Grande, made upon sur-
vey by an officer of the Topographical Engineers,
and estimate, and upon the recommendation of
the Administration and of the War Department,
that the navigation of that river was necessary or
highly convenient for military transportation.
The same recommendation was also made by the
Secretary of War the present session; but that
recommendation has not been regarded. I under-
stand it -was upon the pretense that the bound-
ary line had not heen run. I say pretense, because
the line was being run. The party running it
have now reached as far as Loredo, the largest
portion of the line, and will be at the mouth of
the Rio Grande before this bill can pass both
Houses, .and that river, if there is a national char-
acter in any river, is national in its character, be-
cause it divides the two Republics., All that is
required, as I understand, to 'make it perfectly
navigable nearly half way to El Paso from its
mouth,.is $25,700, as estimated by the officer who
surveyed it, and the saving to the Government
each year, in the cost of transportation, would be
more than twice that amount. But, sir, it cannot
be expected that in any bill which has the char-
acter which has been given to this—a State that
has only four votes—should expect to have jus-
tice done her, and much less liberality.
Mr. ROB„BINS.. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman  
[Here the hammer fell."]
Mr. MILLSON. With the consent of the
committee I will withdraw my amendment.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I move to amend by
increasing the appropriation §5,000.
I did not intend to have made a speech upon
120
this bill at all, but'to have contented myself .with,
the labors I performed in;committee. Hut on hear-
ing-the i*emarks made by the gentleman from-Tex-
as, in which the charge was made that this bill was
framed upon sectional grounds, and knowing that-
at least so far as one member of that committee was
concerned, that no such motives operated in re-
porting this bill, I now disclaim entirety any sec-
tional feeling in the matter. I should ."have been
much better gratified when the gentleman'made
these charges, if he had pointed out the manner \n
which the bill was sectional, rather than to have
made the charges alone. He. says, for instance,-
that his own State, with'a sea-board of seven hun-
dred miles, is passed over. Sir, there is an appro-
priation in that biH'of #20,'000 for one river in the
State. But he says'that Texas lias only four
votes. "Vt£hy, sir, my own State has eight votes—
double the number of the gentleman's State. We
have a sea-coast of thirteen hundred miles in all,
and between three and four hundred - in a straight
line; and yet, although we have double the num-
ber of votes, we have an appropriation in this bill
o£ only $15,000, while Texas has'$90,000.
Mr. HOWARD. You have got it ever since
the organization of the Government.
Mr. FULLER, if that is the sectionality of
which he speaks, and on account of which he
cannot vote for the bill, I take it, as one member
of the committee, I should be exempted front the
charge of entertaining any such feeling; for it rs
to be supposed that" I should have the interest of
my own State,as much at heart as the&tate which
the gentleman [Mr. Howard] so honorably rep-
resents. The sectionality of this bill, therefore,
so far as the two extreme States upon the sea-board
are concerned, is, that Texas having four votes
has $20,000, while Maine, with her eight votes,
has only $15,000. Maine is also the thud State
in the Union* m point of commerce, the extent of
which I had something to say in my former le-
marks. Then, when the gentleman fi om Texas
charges this as being a sectional bill, I hope he
will, at least, exempt one member of the commit-
tee from that charge.
Now, in relation to the merits of the bill itself,
the committee have already had their attention
called to it. I,-for one, was willing to .give my
assent to put the sea-board, the Lakes, and, the
Mississippi river "upon an equal footing, so that
one section of the country should have no-.advan-
tage over the other. And I think this is as fair a
bill in that particular as, perhaps, any gentleman
in this House could sit down, with the given sum,
and appropriate.
For myself, 1 do not admit the constitutional
right of this Government to go into a system of
internal improvement, unless in connection with
our sea-board and harbors. There is a difficulty,
in my mind, how it is possible to apply the rule
that these improvements should be made by the
States themselves, for instance, to the Mississippi
river. ' .
There are ccrtain improvements to be made,
snags to be taken out, and the river to "be cleaned
out. Now how can any one State bordering upon
this river make these improvements' What States
would do it? Would Mississippi? would Loui-
siana? would Arkansas-1 would any of the other
States? The same remark applies to the lakes
and to the Atlantic sea-board. - Then I say it is
wrong to throw upon the commerce of the coun-
try the burden of making these improvements.
Perhaps there is no species of property which
already be£rs a heavier burden.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. B1SSELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman [Mr. Fuller] who
has just taken his seat. Indeed, I do not know
but I shall be opposed to the whole bill. I will
not say just now that I shall vote against it, though
my present inclination is to do so, unless it re-
ceives very essential modifications. Of course'I
shall not attempt, in the few minutes allowed me,
to go into a discussion of the details of the bill.
I intend at present to notice but a^ single objec-
tionable feature—one of the many with which the
bill abounds—with a view of directing to at, the.
especial attention of Western men. *Ilisa<eon-  
sideration—th^t to Which I am now referring*—^
which .ougbtvin judgment, ttf go vetry fax with"
all just men .in determining the Amount of fja.vor
which the bill ought-to receiver.- d fiml'Jxere., jfor
continuing the improvement oft he navigation ofthe
Hudson river above and(beloW Albany, $§fy4J00.
That river is navigable, I" Believe,' for about'^sixty
miles. * •
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to correct him? The Hudson
river'is navigable for one hundred-and fifty miles,
and the improvement projected upon that*river is
where the tide ebbs and flows. \ «r
Mr. BISSELL. I meant to say one humored*
and sixty mifes-^not sixty. 1 knew the-distamSe*
well, ha-ving frequently traveled fro'm New. York
to Albany, But f-do not know how&r up the-
-tide ebbs and fiow£;: thje-gentlemaji can tell me.
Mr. SEYMOUR;, Over one hui)dVed- and;Jjfty
miles, and up to a dam constructed aeross' that,
river, at least four miles above any portion of the- -
improvement. - • •
Mr. BISSELL.* \Well,then,-call the navigable'
distance arte hundred 'and fifty miles. ' And-, for
that one hundred and" fiftymiles of the Hudson
river, $50,000 is appropriated by this^M. • ,
Now, pass to the next item in the bill:'
" For the impiovement of the navigation Of the Missis-
sippi uvcr, below the rapid-*; the .Ohio, including the ne-
pans of the darn-at Cumberland island; the Missouri and
the Arkansas avers, $260,000."
Here is an extent of western river navigation
scarcely less than six thousand miles—rforty times
greater than the length of the Hudson—and for all
this the bill proposes to appropriate $260,000; .a
sum only about five times as great as that appro-
priated to one hundred and fifty miles on the little
Hudson. This is the fast to which I call the at-
tention of western members on 'this floor. Upon
what principle can this thing be maintained.?- Js
it equitable? Is it adjusted according to the dift-
culties "and dangers of navigation, or the real, ac-
tual necessities of commerce? ' The Hudson .may
fieed improvement—doubtless (loes—to facilitate
commerce. But what are/its .wants in that re-
spect" compared with'those ofthe" westerp rivers f
On- which of them, do the disasters "td life and to
commerce occur?- There runs, nearly the entire
navigable distance of the Hudson river, d.irectly
upon its margin, one ofthe finest railroads in the
Union; and the time, occupied m passing overitis
three hours. Besides this, the river itself, in its
present condition, is justly regarded as one of the
finest navigable streams in the world. Why, then,
appropriate a sum for the improvement of the navi-,
gation of that river, proportionably.greater, by
near forty-fold, than for western rivers—rivers
whose banks, unlike thorfe of the Hudson, are, not
lined with railroads5 - s '
I ask again, why appropriate $50,000 for the
improveVnent of this little-span of the Hudson,
and a sffm so insignificantly small, comparatively,
for this immense extent of western waters?
Where are the dangers to river navigation? Are
they not in the Mississippi, the Missouri, the Ohio,
ana the Arkansas? Where are the snags, and
other obstructions, which so often send scores of
human beings to their watery graves, and bury in
the'deep the rich cargbesof our inland commerce?
Not on the Hudson—not on the Hudson; but on
the Mississippi and its tributaries.
[Here the hammer fell."]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by M-ri FuLLfiR, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CASKIE. I move to insert between the
ninth and tenth lines the amendment whichl send
to the'Clerk's table.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the impiovement of the James and A^fpomattox rivers
below Richmond aiid Peteisburg, $30,000.
Mr. CASKIE. Inasmuch as an appropriation -
to these two rivers-, in connection with, this bill*
has been several times alluded to in incidental de-
bates which have sprung up here, and as I have
not yet heard from any one an objection to thfc
