130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mn BORLAND. Is the resolution open to
amendment? '
The PRESIDENT. It is open to amendment,
unless it be referred.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This whole subject is
now under the consideration of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. I have been instructed to
hold a conference with the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Lands, and expect to report on Monday or
Tuesday next. 1 think, therefore, it would be bet-
ter to let this resolution lie over until the commit-
tee who have this bill under consideration make
their report; and when it is made it will most prob-
ably be matured in such a way as to make the
whole matter satisfactory. I therefore think it ad-
visable to postpone the subject for the present.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 quite agree with the Sena-
tor from Kentucky; but I have an amendment
which I wish to propose to the bill when it comes
up for consideration, and which I wish to be re-
ferred to the committee with the other papers.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Be it furiherresolved, That in all cases whore the militia,
or volunteers, or Stale tioops, wcie called oat under the
requisition of the Secretary of War, or of any officer of the
United Slates Army duly authon/.ed, and vvho?e services
Jiave been reeognized and paid by the United State?!, shall
be consideied a  having been in the service of the United
States, and shall be entitled to the benefit of the act of
which those resolutions are explanatory.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to say a single word
in reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood,] and that is, that this bill passed the
Committee on Public Lands in both branches of
Congress last session,but by some means or other
it failed between the two Houses. I believe it has
also passed the Committee on Public Lands this
session.
The PRESIDENT. No, it was introduced on
leave.
Mr. SHIELDS. "Well, it is the same bill which
passed the committees of both Houses last session,
but failed by some means which I cannot explain.
Mr. UNDICRWOOD. I rise to state to my
friend from Illinois that the Committee on Public
Lands have an amendment under consideration,
which it is of some consequence to be matured, and
which will probably be done next week. That
amendment is to make the locations winch have
taken place on land warrants assignable as well as
the warrants themselves. There are, also, some
other amendments in contemplation; and 1 have
some information, derived from the Commissioner
of Public Lands, which 1 propose laying before
the Committee. Now, although this resolution in
substance passed during the last session of Con-
gress, it did not make provision on this new sub-
ject I have mentioned, and therefore I think it
would be better to refer this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, that have the subject
under consideration, and let that commit Lee review
the whole subject and report early upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly I have no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Kentucky make thai motion ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With the consent of
the Senator from Illinois I will move its reference
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question being taken on the motion to refer,
it was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I now move that my amend-
ment be printed.
The motion to print the amendment was agreed
i2.
Mr. WALKER,. There is an amendment which
1 wish to offer. It is a proviso to the first resolu-
tion; and as the amendment offered by the Senator
from Arkansas has been ordered to be printed, I
move that my amendment be printed aiso.
The amendment is as follows:
Provided* That not more than two land warrant*, of one
hundred and sixty acre* each, or theu equivalent in war-
ranis of less denominations, shall be located by or in the name !
of thf same individual upon any of the public lands. 1
The motion to print the amendment was agreed |
to. !
THE EXILED IRISH PATRIOTS. j
The joint resolution expressive of the sympathy i
of Congress for the exiled Irish patriots, Smith |
O'Brien, Thomas F. Meagher, and their asso- |
ciates, came up in its order, and was read the sec- I
end time, and thea passed over. |
THE LIBERATION OF ABD EL KADER.
The joint resolution requesting the President of
the United States to interpose the friendly offices
of this Government with the President of the Re-
public of Prance'in behalf of the liberation of
Abd el Kader, came up in its order, was read the
second time, and was then passed over.
PRINTING OF THE JOURNAL, &C.
The resolution providing for the printing of ad-
ditional copies of the Journal and public documents,
was read a third time and passed.
CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a matter to bring
before the Senate for which I have a precedent in
the casee of Mrs. Worth. Mrs. Alexander, of
Kentucky, is the only daughter of George Madi-
son, late Governor of Kentucky. She represents
that her father, being capturcd and taken prisoner
and being carried to Ctuebec, never received com-
pensation, and no provision was made for his fam-
ily. I move that the papers be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mute on Pensions, so that this lady may be put
upon the same footing as other ladies, being the
representative of a distinguished man, who, it is ,
said, lost his life by disease contracted in the ser-fcj
vice of his country.
The PRESIDENT. Has anyreportbeen made
in this case?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe that a favor-
able report has been made, but I am not quite
certain. *
Leave was given to withdraw the papers', and
they were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES. _
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of John Ireland,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
STEAMSHIP PROMETHEUS.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in 1 elation to the filing into and
seizure of the Amencan steamship Prometheus, by a British
vessel of war, tiansmitted to the Senate the 17tli instant, be
refeired to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
MESSRS. FOSTER AND "WHITNEY'S REPORT.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered. That of the additional number of copies of the
repoit of Messrs. Foster find Whitney, oidered to he printed
by the resolution of the Senate of the 29th instant, five
hundred be furnished to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he authorized
to employ a eierk (luting the present session, who shall re-
ceive the usual compensation. ^
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of Thomas H. Leggett; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent, asked and obtained leave to bring in a
joint resolution for the relief of AiexanderP. Field,
late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and sureties;
_ , , , ... W /. I IttLtS OtlCl VLCtl y Ul TV iOV/U UCillJ 1 v
The Senate then resumed the consideration of ij which wag /ead a firgt and gecond (lme b its titI
the special order, being* the resolution submitted
by Mr. Foote, declaring the compromise measures
a "definitive settlement of the questions growing out
of the subject of slavery.
A debate ensued, to which Mr. Riiett and Mr.
Foote were the parties, which occupied the Senate
until near the usual hour of adjournment. And
for which see Appendix.
Mr. HOUSTON then rose and said, that as the
day was so far advanced he should prefer to take
an earlier portion of the day on Monday, if it met
with the approval of the Senate.
The suggestion was assented to, and on motion
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spenttheiein
the doors were reopened, and,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 22, 1851.
Mr. JOIN KS, of Iowa, presented the proceedings
and a memorial of the Railroad Convention of the
State of Iowa, in favor of the enactment of a law   
granting the right of way and making a grant of ,| rnent.
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MANGUM, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of John R. Bryan, administrator of Isaac
Garretson, deceased,late a purser m the United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and, with the papers
on the files of the Senate, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to authorize
the State of Illinois to select the residue of the
lands to which she is entitled under the act of 2d
March, 1827, granting land to aid that State in
opening a canal to conncct the waters of the Illi-
nois river with those of Lake Michigan, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a oill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Iowa, in aid of the construction of
a railroad in said State, reported it with an amend-
land to that State, in aid of the construction of a
railroad from Dubuque to Keokuck,and from Dav- ;
enport to the Missouri river, at or near Council i
Bluds, in Iowa; which were referred to the Com- !
mittoe on Public Lands. ;
Also, the memorial of Mary Robb, widow of j
Hugh Robb, a soldier m the last war with Great j
Britain, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of S. Hempstead and others,
praying that a pension may be granted to David
L. Davis, in consideration of an injury received
while in the service of the United States as an as-
sistant surveyor of public lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted additional documents
in relation to the petition of Nathan Weston, jr.;
which, with his petition on the files of the Senate,
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Thomas
Mullett, piaying compensation for his services as
a deputy surveyor of public lands in Louisiana;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of W. C. Templeton, propos-
ing to establish n line of mail steamers from New
Orleans, via Tampico, to Vera Cruz, and praying
that the Postmaster General may be directed to
enter into contract with him for the transportation
of the mail between those place's; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Elizabeth Arnold, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. MILLER. Pursuant to a notice which I
gave on Saturday last, I ask leave to introduce a
bill making appropriation for improvements in
certain rivers and harbors.
In presenting this bill to the Senate, I desire
merely'to say, that it is the same bill as that which
passed the House at the last session of Congress,
but which was defeated in this body on the last
night of the session, for want of time to bring it
to a final vote.
It has been the habit of both branches of Con-
gress to delay action upon measures of this kind
until towards the close of the session, when it is
impossible to give to them that attention which
their importance demands.
My object in introducing this important measure
to the attention of the Senate at so early a day, is
to give ample time for its consideration, and there-
by save it from the catastrophe which defeated it
at the last session. I hope that the subject may
receive the early attention of the Committee on
Commerce, to which I move its reference.
Leave being granted to introduce the bill, it was
