1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
fairness of the appropriation asked for that pur-
pose, according to the principles of*the bill, I do.
not feel called upon to'say anything in reference
to the amendment I have offered, save only that
my friend [Air. Meade] and myself, who repre-
sent the two districts interested, are perfectly pre-
pared to give any' explanation which may be de-
sired. -
Mr. DUNCAN.. I wish the committee to un-
derstand that this subject was in no way presented
to the Committee on Commerce, and that they
had no petition, no memorial, no surveys, and
no request, in reference to these rivers made to,
them. The "subject was never brought to their
notice, except from the circumstance of finding an
appropriation for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of those rivers in the bill of last year, until
the subject was presented to the House.
And while I am up, I will mention a curious
fact. In the year 1844, there were appropriations
made for harbors and rivers; but they wei e made
in separate bills. A lifted son of Virginia, Mr.
Tyler, was then in the presidential chair. He saw
fit to sign the bill for the western rivers and lake
harbors, but vetoed the bill for the harbors and
rivers of the Atlantic coast; and he assigns as a
special reason for vetoing that bill, that it included
the very rivers which gentlemen now present to
the committee. He made it a prominent feature
of his objection to the bill, that it included appro-
priations to those rivers in Virginia. I presume,
sir, he must be supposed to have understood the
interests of Virginia, and that, atleast, he had good
reason for thus singling out those appropriations,
as special objects of condemnation.
Mr. MEADE. I will ask the gentleman
whether that veto was not based on constitu-
tional grounds alone? The necessity of the work
Mr. Tyler did not controvert. He vetoed the bill
upon the ground of the unconstitutionality of such
an appropriation.
Mr. DUNCAN. I have the message before
me, but I have not time to read it. The veto was
not placed upon unconstitutional grounds alone;
but the objection was, that if the improvements
suggested were made, it would favor one part of
Virginia to the exclusion of another.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ? Before the gen-
tleman appeals to this authority of Mr. Tyler, \
ask him whether he assented to the reasons given
by Mr. Tyler? whether Mr. Tyler was not acting
in opposition to the opinions which the gentleman
himself entertains? and whether it is fair to quote
his opinions in opposition to the amendment now
offered to this bill? And further, I ask the gen-
tleman whether this very appropi mtion has not
been recommended from time to time by the proper
department, to which this question is properly
refera hie?
Mr, DUNCAN. 1 do not concur at all with
Mr. Tyler in opinion. I stated his opinions that
they might pass in the House for what they are
woi th.
in regard to recommendations, I say again, that
we hid no recommendation this year upon that
subject, and I am not aware that in former years
there has been any recommendation from the ex-
ecutive department.
[F-Iere the hammer fell ]
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment offered bv Mr. Caskte,
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers; which were
no* oHered.
The House was then divided on the question,
and there were—ayes 50, noes 40; no quorum
voting.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope tellers may now
be appointed by unanimous consent.
No objection was m^ide, and Messrs. Chand-
ler, and Parker of Indiana, were appointed
tellers.
The question was again put upon the amend-
ment, and it was rejected—the tellers (Messrs.
Chandler, and Parker of Indiana) having re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 63.
Mr. COBB. I propose to add at the end of the
ninth line in the bill, the following:
For the s-iirveyinjj and improving the Tennes«pe river,
below, and $30,000 above the Muscle Shoals in
said iiver.
It is no* my intention to censure either directly
or indirectly the Committee on Commerce for hav-
ing omitttd in this bill to provide for the improve-
ment of the Tennessee river, which is navigable
for more than three hundred miles below, and five
hundred miles above the Muscle Shoals. I have
submitted the amendment by which that omission
will be supplied. It will be observed that I do not
propose the improvement of the Muscle Shoals;
for to do that would require the expenditure of
upwards of $3,000,000. . The importance of the
improvement of the Tennessee river has long since
been acknowledged by the'Government,-for years
ago they granted'four hundred thousand acres of
choice land in Alabama for -the improvement of
the Muscle Shoals. Thai is of itself a strong ar-
gument irt favor of the amendment. We cannot
expect that, after the expenditure of.four hundred
thousand acies of land, and accomplishing noth-
ing, in the improvement of those shoals, to get
another appropriation for that object. Below
these shoals steamboats are running at all seasons
of the year, and there are improvements which
can be made there which will add much to the
navigation of the river. Eveiybody on the com-
mittee, acquainted with the stream, knows that it
rises m the State of Virginia, flows through Ten-
nessee and Alabama, and empties into the Ohio
river, in Kentucky. lis importance is admitted
by all. If it be proper to improve it, why not be-
gin the woik now, when numbers of steamboats
are upon the river, running above and below the
Muscle Shoals ?
Mr. Chairman, I had some constitutional scru-
ples in relation to the improvement of certain riv-
eis and harbors, until my return home about
twelve months ago from the Congress of the Uni-
ted Spates, I got on board the Chattanooga to
descend that river to my home, a distance of
about one hundred miles. Whilst the boat was
steaming down the river it was stove by a rock,
which could have been removed for $200, and the
lives of the passengers—my family and myself
nvluded—were periled. That at once convinced
me in regaia to the constitutionality of the ques-
tion, and the importance of the improvement of
ttiat river was practically demoustiated to me.
[Laughter.] 1 am well satisfied that there are
improvements which should be undertaken by the
General Government, and which are strictly con-
stitutional. Of that 1 have never doubted, although
my favorite policy, from the first time I had the
honor of a seat here, has been to authorize the
States to levy tonnage duties, for the purpose of
making improvements ot the character provided
for by this bill and others. I believe that Con-
gress has the power in certain instances to improve
rivers and harbors.
Mr. CtlUilCtJWELL. I move the follow-
ing, to corne m as an addition to the amendment:
Foi the mipiovenictit of the Tennessee and its naviga-
ble mhiiMJit1-; above lite Muscle Sboai-, to be ex-
pended undei the dnection ot the Secretory ot War.
I offer that amendment in good faith. It is
based upon the estimates of'the Department made
out by the Topographical Engineeis.
Mr. DUNCAN. I raise the question, that it is
not in order for thegentletnan from Tennessee now
upon the floor to submit an amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mi. Coub] to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This is only an amend-
ment in the second degree, and therefore in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama has not been opposed. The
rule declares that a speech of five minutes shall
be made in favor, and a speech of five minutes
against the amendment.
Mr. COBB. Why the gentleman seems to sup-
pose there is going to be*opposition to my amend-
ment5 [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. The amendment I
have otTVred is based upon the estimates of the
Department. I regret that I did not obtain the new
es'imates in time to have submitted them with the
old estimates of Colonel Long, to the Committee
on Commerce for their investigation, and for the
insertion of the appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Tennessee river in the original bill.
There can he no good reason urged from any
quarter of this Congress, why that river s&hould
not be improved as well as any other river pro-
vided form that bill, and that, too, sir, upon Dem-
ocratic national grounds. It is as much a national
object as the Ohio. A majority of the commit-
tee which reported this bill, belong, I believe, to
the Democratic party. That^they were sinceie in
putting in appropriations for the rivers they have,
I have no doubt, nor will they now say the Ten-
nessee ought not to be improved. And although
we' oppose a general, wasteful, and profligate sys-
tem of interna! improvements by the General Gov-
ernment, at the same time we hrnve the sanction of
every President, from the first Congress down, for
a reasonable,judicious, and prudentexpenditure of
the public money for the improvement of highways
which may be necessary to make navigation easy
and safe. I propose thisamendment, sir, because
I believe that the water-course, to which the ap-
propriation provided by it is to be applied, comes
under th$t character of improvements, and is of
national importance.
The Tennessee river, I am aware, has not at-
tracted the attention that the Delaware, Hudson,
and other northern rivers have, it has not met with
the early favor of the Government. Itsobstructions
are as nature made them, but there is no river mm e
susceptible of being improved. The completion
of the great railroad, however, from.Chattanooga
upon its banks to the southern sea-board at Charles-
ton and Savannah, is fast developing its value and
the necessity of its improvement—giving us an
outlet for our commerce, which has increased more
than a hundred-fold in the past two years. The
tonnage on the river is more than doubling itself
every year. The increase of the great staple of
the Southern States the last seaso.n, borne on its
bosom, was over twenty thousand bales; an in-
crease of the article of Indian corn, over the former
season, of five hundred thousand bushels, shipped
to markets abroad. Indeed, sir, I might go on
and show from facts and figures that the import-
ance of this beautiful river, as a great national
highway, is of the character to merit and deserve
improvement by the Government, h has been
surveyed by the Government; it has been used by
the Government for the transportation of it's
troops; it is now used for the transportation of the
Government mail. Heading in Virginia and North
Carolina, it runs in a soiuhwesteily direction
through EastTennessee and Alabama, washes the
shores of a portion of Georgia, is the line between
Mississippi and Alabama, and then, after making
an extraordinary curve in a northwesterly direcrion
through West Tennessee, it flows through Ken-
tucky and empties into the Ohio, bearing off the
surplus products—limitless in quantity—of the rich
and fertile Tennessee valley.
The character of the obstructions to its naviga-
tion are such as to be easily improved, consisting
principally of jutting rock and shoals, alternating
with deep and unobstructed basins, vaiying in
depth from twenty to forty feet, allowing the chan-
nel through the shoals to be deepened without in-
jury to it above or below. Its banks, being prin-
cipally of rock and a different soil from the Ohio,
Mississippi, Missouri, or Arkansas, are net sub-
ject to injury from floods, and any improvement
would be permanent. lis obstructions have cost
the Government a few dollars. I well recollect
that a few years ago, when the Mexican war was
raging, troops were raised in EastTennessee, (the
nuisery of soldieis,) and that the easiest con-
veyance for them to the seat of war was down the
Tennessee river, and I believe, also, that to the
steamboats in the service of the Government, there
had to be pmd a demurrage of $.500 a itay on ac-
count of the delay, caused by the obstructions m
that river at low water.
I could still further assign as another reason,
why it should be acknowledged by this Govern-
ment as a national object. When a survey was
made by Colonel Long, in conjunction with some
assistants in Tennessee, the expenses of that sur-
vey were refunded to the State of Tennessee by
General Jackson, thereby acknowledging it as
worthy of the favor of the Government. If the
position is to be taken, whether our river is enti-
tled to improvement—whether it is equal to the
Ohio or other rivers—I tell gentlemen that, in
navigable extent it is the fourth highway in the
United States, and in volume of water the third.
1 have been asked, by gentlemen around me, where
is Tennessee river? { tell them, that it is in the
very heart, of the Confederacy; and while you are
improving your veins near the surface, that con-
vey the national blood in a healthful condition,
let us improve the mam arteries to the extent their
