185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
papers which have not been before read, and which !
will go to disprove the position taken by theoppo- •
jients of the bill. It has been said that this ar-
rangement has not been sanctioned by the Gov- !
ernment, Here is a letter from the Secretary of j
War to John W.Jones, chairmanofihe Committee :
of Ways and Means, which I read the other day; l
but as some gentlemen are here to-day who were !
not on that day, I will rend it again: 1
War Department, July 11. 1840.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the iee<Mptof vour
Setter of this date, accompanied by a copy of a resolution !
passed b> the Committee of Ways and Mean*, m relation
to the claims of Smith and Watson, to the effect that if the
War Department will sav that it requires the r.ppiopnations
to carry into effect the Jndian tieaty under which those
daunts receptively anue, and, ui>on such an appropriation
being made, w U1 pay the claims, the committee will puttlie
appiopiiation in the bill.
The.-e el<imis did not both arise from the execution of a
treaty, bat'-land on distinct grounds. The claim of Snath
arises from transactions to cairy into effect the treaty ox
New Echota lor the lemoval of the Cherokee* from the
States east to the territory set apart for them west of the
Mississippi. The appropriation a^ked for is therefore want-
ed to carry into effect the tieaty, and upon its being made
lor that purpo&e the Department will pay Mr. Smith's claim.
Mi. Watf-on's claim ari&es under a contract made by
<^enei al JeMip with the Creek wairiors, which was sanc-
tioned by the Department. The appropriation a^ked for I*
inquired to enable the Department to comply with that con-
tact, and to car.y it into effect—and upon ifs being made
by Congiess this claim will also he paid.
Veiv respectfully, your most obedient ^en-ant,
J. It. POINSETT.
Hon. J. W. Jone&, Chairman of the Committee of JVays
and Means, House of Representatives.
War Department, )
Ofij<_k Indian Affairs, May 9, 1838. )
Sib.: The decision irmdea fc%v days since, that the ne-
groes captured by the Creek wamor.s in Florida should,m
compliance with the engagement of General Jesup, be de-
livered to the delegation now here, has been communicated
to them, with the intimation that when they had doteimined
what disposition would be made of them, and communica-
ted information of the same to this Department, the neoes-
saiv widens would be ^sued. in a communication juot re-
ceived from tli" delegation, tiiey state they have appointed
Nathaniel F. Collin , of Alabama, then attorney in lact, to
receive the negioes. J have the honor to request that an
oider may be issued to the commanding officer at Fort Pike,
to Major Isaac Clark, at New Orleans, to the commanding
officer m Florida, and to any other officers who may have
charge of them, to deliver to Mr. Colhus all the negroes m
question He will, oi coiibe, hold thnri subject to the
lawful claims of all white persons. Abraham and his fam-
ily should be excepted, in consequence of a promise made
b> General .Tesup. The offers should bein-tr ueteii to ex-
ercise due cannon, so a< to dehvei only those captured by
the Creek*. It is proper to remark, that it appear" from
a letter received from .Lieutenant Sloan, that these Indians
relumed the .^>>,0U0 ottered tliem, under the dncctum ol (ron-
€ial J esup, lor then inieiest in these negroes.
Verj respectfully, your moist obedient ^eivant,
C. A. HARRlrf, Commissioner.
Captain S. Cooper, J2ctin« Secretary of War.
War Department, )
Office Indian A** aiu-?, July 1, ltf-10. )
Sir: Since my repou to \ou "ftfth April last, was trans- :
mittedto the honot able Mr. Dawson, a menibei of the Com- |
nuttee of the House of Hepresentamesot Claims, authentic |
information ha- been revived ot the price paid by General j
James C. Watson loi the negiocs taken by the Creek In- ,
duui* in FJoiida, to tin* capture and puicbase ol unom that j
report iclaied. >
These prisoners were the property of their captors, by i
the agieement bi'Uweu tnc Creek wairiors and Ceneial |
Jevup. The difficulty about the possession ot them, the ac- 1
tion ofthe Goveinment theiein, and the puK-base ol them
4>V the present vlainmnl, i.avu been l.eretofoie e\;iiiuzied,
and are fully undei-tond The-e negroes cannot, underthe
cncunistance--, be obtained by General \\ at-on, and 1 have
heretoloie recommended that the money be paid the Cieeki
for them, and mterc-t on it, should be refunded to him —but
the amount ofthe consideration was then unknown here.
It now appeais fiom the testimony of Captain Win. Arm-
strong. takun on the 29th ultimo, that the contiact between
the Oieek chiefs and Geneial Watson lor the-e slaves,
f which it seem-s is now mislaid or lo*t,) was witnc-sed by
bun in the spang ol 1838, that it was fair, and, con&ideung
the iisa of collision between the Creeks and R>cminole& in
the west on the subject of the negroes, should tiiey be car-
ried theic. he tlnnfe-. the sale of them, before they reached
Aikansa-*,' a-- politic; that the considerPtmn ot the said
.sale was J4. >00, winch wa-, by the direction of the Cteek
chief- who weie. empoweied to act in the premises for the
Creek wainor* that had been in Florida, paid to the depo-
nent in filler lor those entitled to it. and that it was actually
p-ud ovct to them by bun in the Indian eountiy, on the 4th
of July 1838. The date< of the contract and of the pay-
in«nt-> to Captain Armstrong are not given: but the l<t o!
May may be regarded as the time, without the risk of injus-
tice cither war. , , , ,,, t
The^e ne«eoe* cannot be obtained by Geneial V\ at*on.
Anv attempt at enfoicunr a claim to them under ine Oieek
\vaiiun-s \t ould pei haps have resulted in a contbef, and as
the hazaid of such an l-siie prevented the use ot more than
per-uasn e means. I think General Watson has a just claim
on the United States for the money he paid, and
The amount paid, a, already stated, wa-. .v UjOU
Intel est fiom May 1, 183$, to July 1, i 40  um
§16,4.08
Foi this sum of ^16,498 1 think an appropriation ought to
be made, and respectfully recommend, if it meets your ap-
probation, that a communication ne made to the ciianman
ofthe Committee of Ways and Means, asking tor it.
Very re&pectluitv, your obedient servant,
T. HARTLEY CRAWFORD.
Hon. J. R. Poinsett, Secretary of War.
I have before me other letters and documents,
recognizing this transaction, but 1 tliink it un-
necessary to consume the time of the House by-
reading them. They fully sustain the case as U has
been presented. The Executive branch of the
Government having failed to discharge the obliga-
tion which it had incurred, has repeatedly recom-
mended what the Government is, in equity, in
conscience, and in honor, bound to do—to refund
the money to General Watson's iepresentatives,
with interest. It is the recommendation, also, of
the Commissioner of Indian Alfairs.
.Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 call upon those who
oppose this hill, if they will not refund the money,
to say what they will do. Will they comply with
our engagement, and have these slaves now deliv-
ered up to the Creek warriors? If you will not ;
refund the money, the Creeks will be satisfied,
perhaps, if the Government will fulfill its engage-
ment, and deliver up the negroes; and Watson's
representatives will propabiy be satisfied with such ;
an arrangement. Having taken possession of the
slaves, and stipulating to deliver them up, and
failing to do so, it seems to me there is no alter-
native left, compatible with justice and honor, but
to refund the money, or for the Government to j
discharge its obligation to the Creek wamors by
delivering up the slaves to them.
Mr. Chairman, as 1 have tune, I will offer a few
remarks in opposition to the position which has
been advanced, that slavery is not recognized by ,
the Constitution and laws of the Federal Govern- I
meat. Some instances have already been cited, ;
to show that this is altogether erroneous. The :
Constitution does recognize slaves both as prop- j
erty and as persons; and it seems to me that j
no gentleman having any correct knowledge ofthe :
Constitution can doubt it. Most of the enlight- j
ened men ofthe North, whose constitutional opin- 1
ions are of any weight, however strong their anti- ,
slavery feelings may be, admit it. But that is not i
all. Slaves have been recognized as propeity by j
our navigation laws. They have been so lecoj;- :
mzed by our laws imposing direct taxey, and m !
eniorcmg executions at the instance of the United 1
States against owners of slave property in the '
slave Suites. Yet gentlemen assert that slnves (
are notrecognized as property in the action of the j
Federal Government. Why, sir, there never was |
a grosser mistake, with all due deference to those j
who assert the position. !
Mr. Chairman, those who insist that there must j
be a local law to authorize slavery, are altogether j
mistaken. I believe theie are no States whete j
any regulations by law were made anterior to the |
mtioduction of slave property. That is the case j
m my own State, and m Virginia and Georgia; j
and it was the case, 1 presume, in all the States m ;
which it does and has existed. Slavery was in-
troduced into the colonies, there being no legis- :
lative enactment against its introduction, mainly :
by the African Company, which was chartered,
1 think, in the reign of Glueen Elizabeth. Q,ueen
Elizabeth, herself, is said to have been interested m
the slave trade. •
There are, H is true, laws recognizing this spe-
cies of pioperty m most of the States—not author-
izing it, for it previously existed there. Most of j
these laws are humane in their provisions. Sla- ]
very existed by virtue of the manners and cus- ;
toms of the Cherokees. That it did exist there, !
that slaves were recognized as property by tne
Cherokees* we have abundant proof, trom the dis-
patches of General Jesup who was amongst them, ■
and who knew what their msituttons were; and :
also from oilicers who were there, and who cer- |
tamly were more competent to speak upon this ,
point than any of us. All jom m testifying that
slavery did exist there. And 1 think, therefore, that
General Jesup was warranted m assuming that
the negroes that were captured were slaves, unless
the contrary appeared. That, sir, is the presump-
tion of Ua m the slave Stales. A man is pie-
sunied to be a slave because he is black. And
why? Because nearly all the black people are
slaves. But a man is id liberty, if he is a freeman,
to show that fact. Now, such was the case here.
Slavery existed among the Cherokees. It was
confined to that class of the population, and Gen-
eral Jesup, and those who captured these slaves,
were warranted m assuming that they were the
property of the Seminoles, unless the contrary
appeared. I think, Mr. Chairman, all the objec-
tions which have been urged against this bill are
not well founded in fact or law. And if the ob-
jections were well founded, it would not put the
! Government in any better position. TheGrovern-
| ment failed to comply with its engagement. If it
! had complied with it, no matter whether theprop-
i erty was worthless or not, that was Watson's
1 business. But there is no doubt but it would have
I been a very valuable speculation to General Wat-
son, if the Government had complied with its
! assurances. But, sir, not only have all the advan-
| tages he anticipated been lostto him, but it is actu-
I ally insisted that he shall not even get back the
j money which went to relieve the Governmentfrom
' its engagements to the Creeks.
| Ft seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that those who
1 can considerately oppose this bill do not evince
that sensitive regard for the honor of the nation
which they ought. It has been suggested to me
by a colleague of mine, or rather a question has
| been asked, Why all this delay since 1838? Why,
j sir, I think very likely that this sort of feeling that
has exhibited itself upon this occasion has had
some tendency to produce it.
I can say this much, that the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, the Secretary of War,
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, have re-
peatedly recommended an appropriation to meet
this claim against the Government. For some
cause or other it has not been made by Congress.
It has been before no committee, so far as my
knowledge extends—and I believe I have exam-
ined the whole case—that have made an adverse
report upon it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr- DANIEL. I move that the committee do"
now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported, that the Committee of the
Whole House had had under consideration House
bill No. 136, being a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of General James C, "Watson,
late of the State of Georgia, and had instructed
him to report t'le same back to the House with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for the third reading.
Mr. DANIEL. I demand the previous ques-
tion. . .
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise, sir, to a privileged
question. 1 move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then read a second time, and ordered
to be- engrossed for a third rending: and ha\mg
been engiossed, was read the third time.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. 1 move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Tins motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STUART. For the purpose of determin-
ing the sense of the House upon this question, I
demand tellers upon the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hamilton
and Chaxdleh were appointed; and
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 75.
So the House refused to pdjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon :he pass^?e of the bill.
Mr. DANIEL. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tne
ma'a question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays: which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 79, nays 53: as follows:
YEAS Aiken. W. AppSeton, Ashe. Averett, D.
J. ISaiiey, Bocock, Bowie, Brair^ B^eclcin^d^.Bnr5,°fTi:'
Albert G. Brown, E. Caniugton Cabell, Chandler, Chap tarn,
