1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Clark, Clingman, Cottman, Daniel, Dean, Dockei y, Evvmg,
Faulkner, Florence, Freeman, Grey, Hamilton, Haws,
Heira, Hibbard,Howard5 Ingersoll, Jackson, Andrew John-
son, James Johnson, George W. Jones, Kuhns, Landry,
Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, McCorkle, McMut-
lin, McNair, McQueen, Miller, John Moore, Morelmad,
Nabers, Orr, Andrew .Parker, Samuel W. Parker, i'cmH-
man, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price, Riddle, Robbms.
Ross, Schernierhorit, Scuddei, Scurry, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Abr'm. P. Steven*, St. Martin, Strothcr, Smart,
Sutherland, Taylor, George W. Thompson, Venabio, Wal-
lace, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Wilcox, and Woodward—*/9.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Rarreie, Bart-
leu, Bennett, Brenton, Brigg?, Joseph Cable, Chapman,
Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dirmnick, Doty, Durkeo,
Eastman, IMgerton, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Gooduch, Grow, Harper, Hendricks, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Jenkins, John Johnson, Damei
T. Jones, Preston King, Mace, Mann. Meacham, Molony,
Murray, Newton, Olds, Perkins, Rus&elf. Sackett, Skelton,
Smart, Snow, Thaddeus Stevens, Siratton, tfweet-'er.
Tuck, Walbiidge, Washburn, and Wells—53.
So the bill passed.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays, Air.
THOMPSON, of Virginia, stated that Mr. IJeale
had desired him to make known to the House the
fact that he had been suddenly called home by
sickness and a death in his family.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, also stated that he
was opposed to the bill and would so vote, but
that he had consented to pair off with Mr. Wil-
liams, of Tennessee, who was in favor of it, and
had been called from the Hall to transact some
business of importance.
Mr. GOODENOW also stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Gentry on all questions connected
with the bill.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the vote just taken,
by which the bill was passed, beveconsuiered, and
the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion, the House adjourned until twelve
o'clock on Monday next.
PETITIONS., &c.
The following petition.-*, memouulrf, &c., wojo pro^ntod <
under the rule, and ruferied to the appioprtatL* •
By Mr. PORTER: The petition ot ,"I oiii/uti-. oj tli**
Second and Fifth Congressional Distiicts of Mi^oun, ask-
ing th« establishment or* a mail route from J.mie J'ratne
post office, in Crawford county, Missouri, (at Bi-njaajin
Wishou's,) to Crano Creek po>t otlice, m Uarrv county.
Missouri. * ;
By Mr. BOYD, of Now York: The petition of the in- 1
habitants ot the State of New York, for a grant ot land to i
aid m the building the Saratoga and Saefcm Uurbot Kail- !
road, on Lake Ontario.
By Mr. STUART : The petition of citizens of Lincoln
viHe and Antleput, Maine, for a beacon on lladdor-k's
kdge, m the Penobscot bay.
By Mr. LRTOIIER: The petition of 0. C. Strayor and
other citizens of Rockingham county, Vugmia to rstabhsU 1
the bridges of the Wheeling and Belmont Budge Cnminuv
as postroada. 5u\ " i *
ByMr. IJftOYV/ST, of Mi««i*sippi • The petition of Reuben i
CraU, ot Smith county, piaymg a giant of land !
m lieu ot certain tract* purohastd trosu (Jlioet.uv liifiinu
rudcrvc*, and .uirnvunh sold by the lTinti-<l States
By Mr. KfTU.FY : The miMnotial of the Li'j'i-J.xtivv As-
sembly of the Tc/ritoiy ot Minnesota. pravin" a nirther ai>-
piopnattoii toi the construction of the 'road fiom i'oint
Doughia to the St. Louis nvev,
AIm), the memorial ot the same Assembly, pravusji foi the
csbioirslnnent ot a mail route fiom St. I'nul, via Red Vl'ni"
and Reed's Lauding, m Waba-haw I'Dimty, uj thu Tcmi^
toiy ot Minne-ota, to i^.uismg m the Stafi  of Jowi
Also, the memorial ot the same A.^embly, nr;iviii« for a
grant ol and lo the settlers on tin- public lands ffUfii"un(l -r
we Pembijui tr< Rfy.
Alto, tile memoiial of Joseph Wc.Upin anil l-JI otlicr
citizens of Minnesota'IViutorj, piayji)^ for ;Ui jiwrmij.
tion oi money to bo applied lor inc icimnal ot oli,'tiiictinnh
ill til.! rn-ci, between .St. S'aiit ami Uie Falls of
ht. Anthony.
By \Ir. (H'RTIS. The pctfoj, of ,-111x0111, or CI,man
county pra, wX lo,- Die c.,tal,li,I„„, ,it 01 a mail ,out;; 1'ioin
<nirll-ville,( la,-ion comity, I'ciin -ylvinia. to t'oisn-a Jur !
ferson county. '
By Mr. KAhTMAX : The mcmin^a! ot the Rock county
Agricultural Manety and Medium,-' Institute, tlmtttj-
ot Wisconsin, a-kiit'ior the f slalili-'lmieut 01 an .
tural Bureau at Washington. '"L"'
WN.tun.of Wi,eo„v„
at.^oruni'tuic™10f "■ s" I "y>'K8>r ™.,fimi-
 nd olYacclnpa," ^paporl,'''m,0n Joh" J""Cb
IN SENATE.
Monday, .1j.nl 12, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan-.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore kid before til„
Senate a message trom the President of the United
States, communicating, in comnliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, certain official documents rel-
ative to the Empire of Japan, and serving to illus-
trate th  existing relations between the United
States and Japan; which was ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Wavy, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution ot the Senate, the report of Engineer
Ellis and other officers, of a test of coals made at
the navy-yard in Washington*, which was ordered
to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, calling for
the names and number of claimants of the liqui-
dated balance of indemnity due the friendly Creek
Indians for losses in the Creek war of 1819; which
was refeired to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a copy of the charges preferred
against the present Commissioner appointed to run
and mark the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico; which was ordered to he 'aid
on the table and printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make a cor-
rection (which, I think, ought to be made) in the
report of some remarks delivered by me last Fri-
day, in reference to a pending amendment to pay
the laborers upon the Capitol. Thereporter makes
me say:
"dan anybody toll me anything: about it? Are wc to
vote tliis blindfold, for s>ympat!iy
So far I am correctly reported.
"^Yhy, it so, it is worse than any material aid granted
to Kossuth, as great a ImiubU" as i conccive I11111 to be.1'
Now, sir, I did not say " him;" I said " that"—
"as great a humbug as I conceive that to be."
The humbuggery, in my opinion, is on the part
( of the sympathisers, and not the sympathizee, if
l I may make a word. I had no intention, cer-
j tain])-, to make any personal attack upon Mr.
Kossulh, by applying any remark that could be
j at ail ofltiiisue to him. Hence I have thought it
pioper to make this statement.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented three petitions of c.iL-
izensof La Salle county, Illinois, remonstrating
against the extention of iVIcCormick's patent for
a reaping machine; which were ordered to be laid '
on the table.
j Mr. SHIELDS presented six petitions of citi- !
j ™ns of Illinois, praying a grant of land to the
I Southern Illinois nulroud; which were referred to
j the Committee on Public Lands.
I _ Also, two memorials of citizens of Illinois, pray- !
| ing that the transportation of the mails 011 Sun-
1 day may be piohilnted bylaw; which were nt-
j dered to lie hud on the table.
i Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois, rernon- '
siratmg against an extension of McCormick's
! patent, for a reaping machine; winch was ordered
! to be laid on the table.
! Al*°, a petition of S. D. Sturgis, a lieutenant '
i of dragoons, praying additional compensation for
the tune he seived i:i California; which w.is re-
ferred to the Committee on .Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of members of the b:>r of Chi-
cago, Illinois, praying that the salary of the Uni-
ted States district judge for the district of Illinois
may be incre.iseil; which was reTerred to the Com- '
nutiee 011 the Judiciary.
Ajso, the proceedings of a public meeting held '
at Upper Alton, Illinois, recommending that pro-
vision be made by law for the settlement of the
-Xebraska Territory; which were referred to the
Committee on the Teiritones.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting held
at Upper Alton, Illinois, in favor of granting land
111 limited quantities to actual settlers not pos-
sessed of other land; which were referred to the 1
Committee on Public Lands.
Ajso, the proceedings of a public meeting held ''
at Edwardsvdle, Illinois, in favor of granting land 1
in limned quantities to actual settlers not* pos- I
sessed of other land; which were referred to the 1
Committee on Public Lands. i
Mr. vSr.WARD piesented a memorial of citi- .
zens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to declare
their recognition of the doctrine of non-interven-
tion and prevent its infraction; which was ordered >
to be laid on the table. ;
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Maine against the extension of i
|l "VVoodworth's patent for a planing machine, and
I Parker's patent for an improvement in reaction
j, water-wheels; which was referred to the Cornmit-
:i tee on Patents and the Patent Office, and 01 dered to
j be printed.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Jabez
j: Rogers, praying a pension for services 111 'lie late
'' war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
J Also, a petition of citizens of Lowei Saginaw,
Michigan, praying the construction of ashio-candi
ij around the Falls of the Sjult Ste. Marie* river;
'■ which was ordered to be laid on the table,
j' Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens
ij of JN'ew Bedford, Massachusetts, renionstraiino
I against an extension of Woodwoi th's patent for a
j planing machine; which was referred to toe Com
' mittee on Patents and the Potent Office,
.j Mr. FISH presented a petition of publishers
| and booksellers from various parts of the Union,
II attending the semi-annual trade-sale in the city of
I New York, praying a reduction of the rates of
; postage on pamphlets, and other modifications of
! the postage laws; which was referred to the Com-
i mittee on the Post Otlice and Post Roads,
p Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of John
jj W. Q.uimiey, a civilized and educated Indian,
'j praying that a law may be passed giving him the
m rights and privileges of a citizen of the United
!| States, and that he may be permitted to continue
; the occupancy of land on which he resides, in the
| State of Wisconsin, and that all his rights 111 the
1 j Stoekbridge nation may enure to him; which was
|j referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
, j Mr. CIEYER. presented a petition of citizens of
,' Clarke county, Missouri, praying an appropriation
| of land for 'improving that part of Des Moines
j river which forms the boundary between Missouri
■ and Iowa; which was referred to the Gonmiiitee
| on Public Lands.
| Mr. ATCHISON presented tire memorial of
Helen Maekay, praying to be allowed a per cc-nt-
age 011 moneys disbursed by her lale hushand,
Colonel vEneas Maekoy, of the Army; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Mihtat'y Affairs.
:V/r. I3R0DHEAP presented sundry netitions
, of citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the extension of Wood worth's patent for a planing
I machine; which were referred to the Committee
■ on Patents and the Patent Office.
j Also, two petitions of citizens of Western Penn-
j sylvania, remonstrating against any action by
i Congress that will sanction the Wheeling bridge
i as it now is; which werereferred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
: remonstrating against a renewal of Austin and
Zebulon Parker's patent for impro\ements in re-
1 action water-wheels; which was refened to the
! Committee on Patents and the Pa'ent Office,
i Also, six petitions of citizens of the counties of
; Montgomery and Bucks, Pennsylvania, praying
{ the establishment ot a mad route from Skiopack
to Charleston, which were referred to the'Com-
Kiittee 011 the Post Ofliee and Pott Roads.
Also, four memorials of citizens of Pennsylva-
; nia, praying a modification of the bounty'land
, law; which were referred to the Committee or,
, Public Lands.
Also, two memoiials of assistant marshals of
the counties of Schuylkill and Lebanon, for takm"
the seventh census in Pennsylvania, praying ad"^
ditioual compensation; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying a modilrcation of the tatiil*; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pinance.
Air. BORLAND presented a petition of citi-
zens of Jenny Lind, Arkansas, praying the estab-
lishment of n mail route from Fort Smith to Wni-
dron; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
NORTH CAROLINA RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. BADGER.. I have three memorials which
I desire to present to the Senate this morning.
They are from citizens of Wilmington, and its
vicinity, North Carolina. One of them calls the
attention of Congress to the condition of one of the
inlets at the mouth of Cape Fear river, and makes
out a case from which I think it will be very diffi-
cult to resist, the conclusion th-n they are entitled
to the assistance of the Government to heve that
channel deepened. Another sets forth thereasons
