132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
Mr. ATCHISON. And they never will do it.
Mr. MANGUM. Oh, yes they will,
Mr. ATCHISON. There were three abstract
resolutions introduced at an early period of this
session, out of which no earthly good can possi-
bly grow. These resolutions have been discussed
day after day, and that, too, against the ancient
usages of the Senate, on Fridays and Saturdays,
and, sir,-from one o'clock till four o'clock on each
day. There is the Kossuth resolution, and the
Compromise resolution, and the O'Brien resolu-
tion yet to come up 
Mr. DAWSON. And the Abd el Kader reso-
lution.
Mr. ATCHISON. All abstract resolutions,
that have had precedence of all other matters; and
they are made the special orders of the day, from
day to day, until the final vote is taken upon them,
for they are sometimes taken up even in the morn-
ing hour, and the discussion of these questions
runs through the whole day.
Now, sir, let me mention another matter. Here
we have been sitting on Fridays and Saturdays, at
this early period of th e session, for the discussion
of these abstract resolutions. This custom of
sitting on these two last days of the week is never
adopted at the commencement of a session, but
usually towards the close of it, and such has been
the practice ever since I was a member of this
body. Thus far, Fridays and Saturdays have been
employed in debating these questions, and 
Mr. PRATT, (in his seat.) And all those
claims which have been favorably reported upon
remain untouched.
Mr. ATCHISON. Just so; not one of them
acted upon; not a single claim from any committee
disposed of. Now let us pass this resolution and
fix these days, and these claims will soon be dis-
posed of. They will be settled in one way or
another, and the calendar and the committee room
will not be burdened with them. Sir, I know of
matters which have occupied the attention of some
of the committees for four or five months, which
have been reported by these committees, and yet
to winch the Senate has never bestowed even fne
minutes' consideration. With a resolution similar
to the one oll'eied by the Senator from Maryland
this could never be the ease.
Mr. IHJJXTEK. { ecmeur in what has been
said by the Senators from Massachusetts and
* North "Carolina in relation to this rul« 1 believe
that the claimants would be worse off after the
adoption of this rule than they are now. I have
witnessed the operation of a similar rule in the
House of Representatives, and the effect will be
that whenever we have a matter of public im-
portance to discuss, we shall set aside the lule,
and set aside prixate bills oil the days appiopri-
ated to them, and wo shall ;>o on with the busi-
ness just as we do now. The effect will be that
they will lose the day set aside for them,and they
will never he taken up on any other day. Oil the
other 'land, if we adhere to the calendar, we shall
reach these bills in their order, and settle questions
appertaining to them quicker and better than can
be done by an alteration of the rule.
There is much in another point which was
urged by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, namely,
that if we set aside these days for these claims,
we shall hardlv ever have a quorum. Not only
that, but it is the custom of the Senate to adjourn
on these days during the first months of the ses-
sion. Private bills will therefore lose that atten-
tion which they mi^ht otherwise get during the
early portion of the session. For these reasons,
1 am of opinion that private claimants will be
much worse off by the adoption of this rule than
by adhering to the course we now pursue.
Mi. HAMLIN. I shall vote in favor of this
resolution, for two or three leasous, which I will |
state to the Senate. I do not concur in what ap- !
pears to he the recollection of the Senator from I
Virginia in regard to the operation of this rule in
the other House. Without that rule I am quite ;
satisfied that no private claimant would have *ot
a hearing at all; and the only hearing which tHev
had there was in virtue of that rule. If we could
adopt the course suggested by the Senators from
Massachusetts and North Carolina, I would most
cheerfully cooperate with them. But the practice
of the Senate shows that we cannot adhere to our
own rules. Sir, what is on your table at this
present moment? Pour special orders—one of
winch, as has been well remarked by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] is not only use-
less, but worse than useless—which have over-
ridden the rules of the Senate. There is a prac-
tical commentary 011 adhering to the rules as sug-
gested by the Senators from Massachusetts and
North Carolina.
Again, sir, there is another reason, which I think
will commend itself to the sense of the Senate.
There were a few private claims which received
thefavorable action of the Senate last session. But
how was it accomplished? By a struggle on this
floor, and an attempt to obtain action upon any
particular bill, to the exclusion of other biysiness
in which other Senators might feel an interest; and
hence there was produced a collision between Sen-
ators, and a struggle for the floor, to take out of
the ordinary course of business the few bills which
did get through. Besides that, I have not forgot-
ten, and Senators will not perhaps forget, that I
stood in my place here till I was almost exhausted,
attempting to keep the order of the calendar. And
what was the result? Simply that a little band of
us round here were disposed to adhere to the bus-
iness as it stood upon the calendar, and take it up
in that order. "Special orders" on "special or-
ders,0 were piled upon your table, and the ordi-
nary course of business was not pursued, and the
Senate refused, time after time, to take up the bus-
iness on the calendar. Now, what has been the
practice for the last five or six years, we may an-
ticipate will be the continued action of the Senate,
when we look at the fact that you have now at this
early period of the session four special orders on
your table, not one of which is a private claim.
Sir, I think we should adopt this rule. There is
an obligation on the part of the Senate, to examine
and puss upon these claims; and entertaining that
opinion, I indorse every void which has fallen from
the Senator from Maryland. There is an obliga-
tion upon us, that the C«overnmentshould discharge
its indebtedness, because in many instances, this
delay works the most cruel injustice. True it is,
that some of these claims are what may be said to
: be entirely of a disputed character; but whatever
; they may be, let us at least vote upon them after
I the committees have made their examinations and
[ reported to the Senate.
I Mr. MANGUM . Every gentleman, with only
I one exception, who has spoken upon this subject,
I admits the soundness and propriety of the rule of
proceeding according to the calendar; and all the
arguments which have been offered in favor of this
resolution, proceed ufjon the presumption that the
Senate will fail to do its duty. Now, I will not
be so discourteous to the Senate as to act upon any
such assumption. 1 hope, sir, that while the
Senate is well convinced of the propriety of taking
up the calendar in its order, they will adopt an
additional rule, that no business shall be taken up
out of its course, without a vote of two thirds of
this body.
A. Sevator. No, no.
Mr. MANGTJM. A majority regulates the
business, and that is as it should be; and if a rule
requiring a two-thirds vote should be adopted,the
business would go on smoothlyand properly; and,
in any case of emergency, that number could be
obtained to set aside the "rule for the tune being.
Sir, I am perfectly satisfied, from long observa-
tion of the course of business here, that if private
claimants are to have their business pass through
this body with any certainty, it can only be done
by adhering to the rules of the Senate. If that is
done, all will be accomplished in due season. I
admit that I have witnessed what I would hardly
regard as strict decorum in this body, when gen-
tlemen were pressing claims; but, if a majority
will turn their faces against this thing, and remain
steady and firm, there will be 110 difficulty at all.
I repeat, sir, that all the arguments which have
been urged in favor of the adoption of this resolu-
tion, have been based on the assumption that this
body is not to be trusted in the true and proper
discharge of its duty; and 1 think that Senators,
by their votes, will hardly give countenance to
such an assumption.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 feel it my duty, as a member
of two committees engaged in the business of the
Senate—the Judiciary Committee and the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims—to express my
entire concurrence in what has been said by the
Senatorfrom Maryland; and unless this resolu-
tion is adopted I shall consider it as amounting
almost to a determination of the Senate not to dis-
pose of these claims. "We had formerly a rule of
this kind, though it was sometimes dispensed with
on particular occasions; but I recolledt that when
this rule was in force we disposed of much more-
business of this kind than we have done without
it. The Senator from North Carolina seems tor
admit that with the present system some additional
rules are necessary; that we should take up bills'
according to their order upon the calendar. ]We
were told over and over again last session that
this was the proper course, and we tried to pursue
it, but were defeated iTi all our attempts. On
many occasions the Senate refused to take up
bills, on the ground that it was proper that they
should come up in their regular order; and you,
Mr. President, can bear witness that we did not
for a single day adhere to that rule. And, sir, if
we adopt it again we will not adhere to it now. I
feel satisfied that we will not. There are many
inconveniences which would be experienced with 1
such a rule. It would be inconvenient that we
should so cramp ourselves by rule or practice as
to take nothing up which might not happen to be
in the regular order of the calendar. Sir, emer-
gencies might arise when it would be necessary to
travel out of the usual order—emergencies which
are common to all legislative bodies. We may
have indulged in this "practice of taking up bills
out of their order too much; we may have car-
ried it too far; but we have pursued it so long
that I do not think that we shall depart from
it now; and therefore, Mr. President, I hope that
this rule will be adopted. Let us try it for a while
at any rate. Matters in respect to* these private
claims cannot be worse, with this rule, than they
were last session, for we then got nothing; and if
we can do nothing with this rule, let us try some
other. I am unwilling to admit that the Senate
has got into such a habit that Senators will not
attend to the duties for -which they are sent here.
It is especially incumbent upon the Senate to pro-
ceed in this matter now, especially since we all
know that the last session of Congress passed off
without anything being done in this large and im-
portant part of the business of Congress. The
course we have puisued in regard to these claims
has furnished moi e real cause of complaint than
perhaps any other. We cannot force the Gov-
ernment to do anything*, but we may at least be
permitted to nak for justice. I hope, sir, that this
resolution will pass.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair ntay be per-
mitted to state, in consequence of a remark made
by the Senator from Massachusetts, m which he
alluded to what he considered a "disorderly "prac-
tice, that the practice of making special orders could
not be considered disorderly, inasmuch as it was
the wish and decision of the Senate. The remark,
too^ would seem to convey the idea that the Chair
hag indulged Senators in t( disorderly practices."
The practice of making special orders may be a
very inconvenient one, but it cannot sustain the
designation which has been given to it. The
Chan* feels called upon to make this statement.
The practice being the action of the Senate itself,
it cannot with propriety be designated as disor-
derly.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, dud there were for the motion 21;
against it 19.
So the resolution was adopted.
PRINTING THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is upon the table a spe-
cial order for this morning of which I hope the
Senate will dispose. I allude to the resolution in
relation to the printing the returns of the Seventh
Census.
The PRESIDENT. Another special order has
the priority, upon which the Senator from Texas
has the floor.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the resolution to which
I refer may be acted upon, with the consent of the
Senator from Texas. I believe it will occupy but
a brief period, after which the Senator may proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am disposed to yield for
twenty minutes, if the resolution can be disposed
of in that time.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the Senate will not take
up that resolution. I shall have occasion to move
an amendment to it.
Several Senators. Offer it now.
Mr. SMITH. I have not yet prepared it; I
knew there was another special order before that
