1S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
gentlemen of the same political party differed -with
me I am not their censor, nor have I any right to
judge them beyond the exercise' of my own power
or to impute to them motives unworthy of Sena-
tors. I have never done this; and I claim exemp-
tion only from charges of this character.
I had hoped that the agitation on this question
was fast dying away; and it might ere this have
been forgotten had it not been for the introduction
of this unfortunate resolution, which has renewed
all the agitation of former times, and produced
crimination and recrimination, and scenes not less
violent in their character than those exhibited upon
the adoption of the compromise itself. It is un-
fortunate; and if in the inception of a resolution
of this kind.such are the fruits, and if such they
are in a green tree, what must they be in a dry ?
I apprehend that no earthly good can grow out of
the adoption of the resolution. The usurpation
of the people's rights will be manifest. If a modi-
fication is to take place in the Democratic plat-
form, let it take place in a convention of the dele-
gates .of the people sent there for a political pur-
pose, not for the purpose of legislation, but for the
formation of certain creeds and imbodiments of
opinions, by which the party is to be regulated in
its action. That is where I wish to see such action
take place. But further than this I am not
prepared to go. I am not disposed to set myself
up here to dictate what the peculiar political faith
of my constituents shall be, or to unite in saying
what the faith and opinion of the whole party
throughout the United States shall be. But I am
willing to vote in the passage of laws that shall
extend throughout the whole Union, and the in-
fractions of which shall incur penalties. I am not
competent to perform the former tasks, nor do I
think they are designed for me to do.
As the State to which I belong has been alluded
to in this body in relation to the compromise meas-
ures, I will detain the Senate while I utter a few
words on that subject. The compromise, sir, was
the work of able, patriotic, and renowned states-
men. Some of them are no longer in this body.
It is with regret, Mr. President, that I witness the
absence of one who bore an important and a con-
spicuous part m the accomplishment of that com-
promise. I allude to the venerable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who is detained from this
Chamber by sickness, with which he is deeply
afflicted. I trust he will again resume his place in
the Senate. The wisdom of his counsels, the
brilliancy of his genius, the strength of his will,
and the patriotism of his heart, never shown
brighter than during their manifestation 111 this
body in the achievement of that compromise.
But my State has been arraigned by a portion of
this Union, and of the Democratic party, too, for
making a disposition of a portion of her territory
to the detriment of Southern interests; and that 1
felt, it was not that she was disposed to abridge
or impair any of the rights of the South. Texas,
no doubt, had a right to dispose of it: Did not
Georgia dispose of her territory to the Federal
Government? Did she not sell enough to make
the States of Alabama and Mississippi > And have
any complaints been made against her for it > And
had Tpxas, who came into this Union as free and
independent as Georgia did, no right to dispose of
her domain to the Federal Government? She did
it, sir; and I have this to remark, that had it been
any obstacle to the compromise of the jarring in-
terests of this country, and to their reconcile-
ment, I would have been willing that every foot of
the territory which she claimed, should become
a lake of fire and brimstone rather than it should
have thrown an impediment in the way of the
peace and harmony of the Union.
I voted also for the admission of California. I
did it upon the acknowledged and avowed princi-
ple of the South: "Let us alone; let the people
regulate their municipal and domestic institutions;
let them alone. And I put it to the candor of hon-
01-able Senators from the South, no matter how
ardent their feelings may have been, whether if
Califo rnia had made application for admission into
the Union, with a constitution declaring that
slavery should exist, they would not have disre-
garded all the irregularities which may have been
connected with it, and readily have voted for her
admission as a slave State ? The same rule which
would induce me to vote for it in one situation
would constrain me to do it in another. I did it'
What advantage would have resulted from a
delay ? Was there any hope for a change of her
institutions? "Was there any probability of it?
No. She came in; and whatever reproaches are
attached to the vote I gave, f derive my consolation
from the general prosperity and happiness of my
country.
Allusion has also been made, I believe, to the
vote I gave on the organization of the Oregon
Territory, containmgthe Wilmot proviso. Upon
that subject, Mr. President, I feel myself fully
sustained. I voted for the Missouri compromise
line. Upon the admission or organization of Ore-
gon , that Missouri compromise line was repudiated
by the South, and I was the only clearly Southern
Senator that voted for that admission. I voted in
harmony with the Missouri compromise line. I
based my vote upon that ground, and in this Sen-
ate, it will be remembered what my declarations
and sentiments were. To sustain myself upon
that, 1 will bring forward a portion of a speech
which was made at that time. It was by the dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, no longer
on earth, (Mr. Calhoun.) During the debate in
relation to the territorial government of Oregon,
he said:
11 After an arduous struggle of more than a year on the
question whether Missouri should come into the Union,
with or without restrictions prohibiting slavery, a compro-
mise line was adopted between the North and the South;
but it was done under circumstances which made it no-
wise obligatory on the latter. Itistrue it was moved by one
of her distinguished citizens, [Mr. Clay,] but it is equally
so that it was carried by the almost united vote of the
North against the almost united vote of the South, and
was thus imposed <m the latter by superior numbers m op-
position to her strenuous efforts. The South has never
given her sanction to it, or assented to the power it assert-
ed. She was voted down, and has simply acquiesced in an
arrangement which she has not had the power to reverse,
and which f>he could not attempt to do without disturbing
the peace and harmony of the Union—to which she has ever
been adverse. Acting on tins principle, she permitted the
Teiritory of Iowa to be formed and the State to be admitted
into the Union, under the compromise, without objection :
and that is now quoted by the Senator from Now York to
prove her surrender of the power she claims for Congress."
Although no State in the Union and no assem-
blies had become adverse to this, yet it appears
that it was taken for granted that it was unwel-
come to the South, and therefore it was repudiated.
But in going on further, to show the extent of
that gentleman's dislike to it, and an expression
doubtless that influenced materially the action of
the Southern Senators, he proceeds to say:
" Now, let me say, Senators, if our Union and system of
Government are doomed to perish, and we to share the fate
of m> many great people who have gone before us, the his-
torian, who, in some futuie day, may record the events
tending to so calamitous a result, will devote Ins first
chapter to the ordinance of 1787, as lauded as it is and
its author*! have been, as the first in that series which led
to it. His next chapter will be devoted to the Missouri
compiomise, and the next to the present agitation. Whether
then' will be another bejond, I know not. It will depend
on what we may do." *
Here was a formal repudiation of the Missouri
compromise line, upon the principle of which
Texas had been brought into the Union, and by
which one third of her territorial limits had been
cut off to free soil. As Texas did come into the
Union upon that line, I felt warranted and in-
structed by the Texan people to vote for the Mis-
souri compromise when a bill for a territorial gov-
ernment came up, and I did it.
In aiding the production of this compromise, or
in its effectuation, I found it necessary, in justifi-
cation of myself, and in the urgency I felt for its
success, to make some remarks. I will read some
extracts from the debate which took place. In a
speech upon Mr. Clay's resolutions, and when it
was pretty well ascertained they would not pass,
on the 8th of February, 3850, I made the follow-
ing remarks:
"But I call upon the friends of the Union from every
quarter, to comu forward like men, and to sacrifice their
diffeiences upon the common altar of their country's good,
and to form a bulwark around the Constitution thatcannnot
be shaken. It will require manly efforts, sir, and they must
expect to meet with prejudices growing up around them
that will assail them from every quarter. They must stand
fiim to the Union, regardless ot all personal consequences.
Time alone can recompense them for their sacrifice and
their labors; for devotion to country can never be forgotten,
when it is offered fiecly, and without expectation of re-
watd. The incense of self-sacrifice, when thus offered
on the altar of theireountry, will be acceptable to the people.
I have no doubt that this question might be easily adjusted,
if gentlemen would encourage such disposition and feelmg
as doubtless actuate a large poition, if not all, of this body,
it they would come up to the woik. T have no doubt six
Senators here could be designated, without refeience to
party, (you may, if you please, disregard the section of
country from which they come.) who woufd act as a Com-
mittee of Conference, and sit down together as wayfaring !
men, and produce satisfactory reconciliation, thereby dif-
fusing universal peace, and calming the agitated waves that
are lashing at the base of our Capitol, and speak comfort
and solace to millions of freemen.
"Do ljot the American people love this Union? Are
they not devoted to it? Is not every reminiscence of the
past associated with its glories, and are they not calculated
to inspire prayers for its prosperity and perpetuity? If this
were not the case, you might think lightly of our noble
Confederacy; but so it is—it stands connected with every
fibre of the national heart, and is interwoven with every
glorious recollection of the past, which affection or rever-
ence can inspire in the minds of the American people., It
is not, Mr. President, that twenty-three millions of souls
are involved in the perpetuity of this Union ; it is not that
every consideration of happiness connected with country
ajMprtams to it; but it is becau&e it is the great moral, social,
ancr political lever, that has moved, is moving, and will
continue to move the world. Look abroad at foreign na-
tions, and behold the influence of oui example upon them
—not ours, for I feel a sense of humiliation when I contrast
the efforts of any man now living with the illustiious
achievements of the departed sages and heroes who per-
formed this mighty work."
These were the remarks which I made in that
speech. In the progress of it, the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, supposing that I alluded
to the convention which had assembled in Missis-
sippi, interposed and said:
"Mr. Foote, Does my friend from Texas wish to be
understood as undertaking to decry or censure the State of
Mississippi tor having originated this convention ?"
The reply was:
"Mr. Houston. The last thing in the world."
I again proceeded with my remarks, when the
honorable Senator from Mississippi interposed:
" Mr. Foote. I hope my friend will pardon me for-ask-
ing of him an additional explanation. I trust he did not
intend to insinuate as a matter of opinion, still less to make
the statement as a matter of fact,derived from any authority,
that the sovereign State of Mississippi, in the incipient move-
ment towards the Nashville Convention, for winch she is
responsible, was instigated by South Carolina, or her states-
men ; or that she acted otherwise than upon her own un-
biased judgment without instigation from any quarter. I
know that what he has said will be understood as intimating,
at least, that this conventional movement of ours was stim-
ulated by South Carolina, and was the result of concert be-
tween certain South Carolina politicians and eeitain poli-
ticians in Mississippi, with a view of having that movement
originate m the State of Mississippi instead of South Caro-
lina, m order to avoid any odium that might thereby arise.
I am sureJie did not intend to be so understood, and yet he
will be if he does not conect his remarks."
My reply was:
"Mr. Houston. T can assure the honorable Senator
that this is a very delicate and complicated question. But
I believe that if South Carolina never had existed, and if it
had not been for her disposition, and the movement which
began there, Mississippi would never have thought of it."
Again the gentleman said:
" Mr. Foote. If the honorable Senator will permit me
to interrupt him, I will remark, that upon the point on which
he has been so wpI! answered by my colleague, T have
nothing to say. But in addition I wish to «ay that if the
honorable Senator from Texas supposes that there is a sin-
gle man of intelligence and character m the State of Mis-
sissippi who recognizes any human being as his leader,
his political leader, or as Ins master, by whom and to whom
lie is to be held tesponsible, he has giossly misjudged the
people I had hoped that the demeanor of those who rep-
resent Mississippi iiere and elsewhere, would have afforded
satisfactory evidence to that Senator and to all men, that,
highly as we reverence ehaiactor, high intellect, purity of
heart, and spotlessness of reputation, there is no man who
represents the State of Mississippi in the Halls of Congress
at the present time, who recognizes any human being in the
woild as his loader or controller, or as entitled to have any
undue influence over his mind or conduct—at any rate I
speak for myself—and I hope the Senator will understand
me when I say, I recognize no leader on the face of the
globe."
Mr. FOOTE. I must explain my connection
with a matter which is more or less connected with
myself, and which, if unexplained,may subject me
to misapprehension. It will be seen that,in a speech
which I made here a few days ago, I did state what
I now know to be true, that Mr. Calhoun, during
his life, with the purest intentions, with no dispo-
sition to lead or control our State, had a pretty
extensive correspondence with persons there. This
is a fact which I did not know at the time I de-
livered the speech which has been read by the
honorable Senator. The truth is, that I never
heard, until recently, of the letter which I read the
other day of Mr. Calhoun to a fellow-citizen of
mine, Mr.Tarpley. I was surprised when I found
that such a letter had been written. In the course
of last year-—and i say it without intending tp cast
any imputation anywhere—I ascertained by vari-
ous evidences, that several gentleman in my own
State had been corresponded with by the distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina, now no
more, on -this subject. The letters that I have
seen, according generally with this one, satisfied
my mind that the modus operandi.of the Convention
was more or less marked out by his great intellect.
