1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19*1
gentleman from Illinois whether the amendment
does not provide that their services shall not be
accepted for less than a year ?
' Mr. B1SSELL. It provides that the engage-
ment to serve shall be for one year. This is the
engagement on the part of the volunteer. He is
to serve so long, unless sooner discharged. But
it is the right arid the duty of the President to dis-
charge the volunteers thus raised the mo/nerit
their services can be dispensed with.' They may
be discharged within ten days, arid eve,n without
being marched to the seat of w'ar..- .
Mr. STANTON. Is it not provided that, if
they are called into service, their" pay shall be
continued through the year?
Mr. BiSSELL. Not -at all. It provides for
their payment for the time they actually serve—
no more. If they serve for ten days, and are
then discharged, they are to be paid for those ten
days, and for them only. It seems to me that
there ran be no sufficient objection to this mode of
protecting our frontiers, if we concede protection
to be due them. The gentleman from Ohio "[Mr.
Disney] seems to suppose that all these Indian
troubles arise from the conduct of mischievous
white men, who are permitted to mingle and trade
with the Indians. To some extent that may be
true; but not,,I imagine, to the extent supposed
by that gentleman.- No doubt there are vicious
white men among the Indians, who do sometimes
instigate them to perpetrate outrages upon our
frontier settlers. But what then 5 U the honest
and peaceable settler, in the pursuit of his own
avocations at home, entitled to no protection from
his Government? Are innocent women and chil-
dren to be slaughtered at the pleasure of neighbor-
ing savages, and we raise no arm to save them
because the foe has been instigated by outcasts
from among ourselves? No, gentlemen; our Gov-
ernment must discharge its duty to all its citizens,
especially in the protection of their lives. If it
fails in this, it forfeits all claim to protection for
itself.
Mr. STANLY. I will call the gentleman's
attention to one point, if I mistake not, there is
a provision here for the payment of horses lost in
the service.
Mr. BISSELL. No, there is no provision of
the kind.
Mr. STANLY. Is there not a provision for
pensioning those wounded, as though they were in
the regular service? I do not think that is right.
Mr. BISSEt*L. There is not.
At the request of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,
the Clerk again read the bill and amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to correct one or two
mistakes into which the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] has fallen. As to the duty
of this Government to protect all of its citizens,
whether upon the frontier or upon the fishing
ground, I presume there can be but one opinion.
Now, sir, you have acquired a large, territory
which you must defend. You have undertaken
in your treaty with Mexico to restrain your tribes
within the United States. That provision of the
treaty has been totally neglected, which every
man in this House knows; and the consequence
of that neglect will be that a Iar^e number of claims
arising in Mexico, will be preferred here for pay-
ment. I presume that it is the intention of the
House to protect the men who live upon the fron-
tiers of Texas, California, Oregon, New Mexico,
and Utah. Two methods have been proposed by
which this is to be effected. The Administration
has called for additional forces. The Administra-
tion, through its messages and reports, has told
you that the present force is inadequate. - They,
to be sure, have called for an increase of the regu-
lar Army, but no one knows better than the hon-
orable member from North Carolina that an in-
crease of the regular Army cannot be accomplished.
You cannot get a bill for that purpose through
-Congress, even if it were a proper measure. My
own opinion is, that it is not necessary. That
the regular Army requires reorganization is true;
that we have no use for the increase of infantry,
does not admit of doubt. That four regiments
at least of the eight regiments of infantry now in
service, ought to be converted into permanent cav-
alry, in order to make the Army efficient for the
present frontier service, is the opinion of the best-
informed officers in the Army.
But the cheapest and most efficient method of
defending the frontiers, is the one which this bill
proposes, which is to call out the resident mihtia,
who understand the character of the service, who
can perform it, and who can undergo the hard-
ships to which it subjects every one embarked in
it. General Shields, of the Senate, has made.a
close calculation with regard to the expense of the
two kinds of force, and he shows that the mounted
rangers'are thirty per cent., and more, cheaper
than the regular Army. The whole-amount of
force contemplated by the bill, is 1,100 men* for
California, Oregon, Utah, New Mexico, and Tex-
as. Under the estimate of General Shields, if you
increased the regular Army to the same extent,
the annual cost would be $7-52,735 per annum
for 1,100. The samp force as proposed by the
bill would cost $531,821 perannum. The pay of
the rangers is greater; but you get clear of the ex-
pense of transportation of men and horses, which
you must incur if regular troops are resorted to.
It is these items, together with .the expense of re-
cruiting, which make regular troops more expen-
sive than mounted rangers. With this species of
force, the only expense is for the pay.and ra-
tions of the men, and the forage of the horses. In
addition to that, if you increase the Army,-it will
fasten this increase upon the establishment per-
manently, and you will make it a permanent ex-
pense; whereas, if you adopt this plan for pro-
tecting the frontiers, they will be strong enough
in a very short time to protect themselves;-and
you will not need a permanent force, and will not
incur a permanent expense. The enlistment is for
only twelve months, and in a few years the force
may be safely disbanded. A great deal has been
said about the amount of troops now m service on
the frontiers. Every man who has paid any at-
tention to the subject, knows that the regular Ar-
my is totally deficient in cayalry, and that the In-
dian service requires cavalry; that it is as absurd
to put infantry upon this service, as it is to put a
man on foot m pursuit of a man mounted on a
fleet horse on the prairies. If you had-ten times
the number of men upon the frontier as you now
have, they could not give protection, unless they
were mounted. An increase of infantry is not an
increase of the defenses of the frontier.
Mr. WE1GHTMAN. This Administration,
at the last session of Congress, recommended an
increase of two or more regiments of mounted men,
besides the increase of the infantry and the com-
panies of artillery, so as to make virtually four
regiments.
• Mr. HOWARD. That would make the-ex-
pense four times as great, and would not furnish
as efficient a force as the employment of hardy
frohtiermen, who are good riders* accustomed to
hardship,,and acquainted with Indian habits and
character. According to the statement of the gen-
tlemen from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] this increase of
the regular Army proposed by the Administration
to the last Congress, would make an additional
expense of $3,000,000 a year; whereas this plan
proposed.by the bill under discussion, furnishing
eleven hundred men for Oregon, California, Utah,
New Mexico, and Texas, cannot much exceed
$500,000. It must be apparent that this is the
efficient mode—the cheap method, and that it will
furnish a force which will do some good. As to
what the gentleman from.Ohio [Mr. Disney] says
in relation to General Gdrhmd, I would say that
he is a very clever gentleman, but he has done as
little Indian fighting in Texas as the honorable
gentleman from Ohio himself, and not as much,
for I believe he did join us there in a fight when
we had the Mexicans to deal with. I wish to
state to the House, as this matter has been dragged
in here", the way the regular Army of the United
States makes a campaign against the Indians, as
stated-to me by one of the Indian agents. Before
they leave camp, it is understood about a week,
that a party is going out in pursuit of the Indians,
and of course the Indians know all about it. Well,
then they get ready, take eight or ten days' pro-
visions, blow all their horns, beat the drums, and
march out. The Indians go before them until
their eight or ten days' provisions are exhausted,
and then these regulars start back into camp, re-
turning home at a much faster rate than when they
went out, and the Indians generally come back
after them at their leisure. The men are not ac-
customed to and not fitted for the rapid movements
necessary to overtake Indians. They are excel-
lent troops for regular warfare, but not adapted
to frontier service*
I do-not wish to sayanythingin disparagements
the regular Afmy* but they are" totally unfit for this
Indian service, as at present organized'. The pri-
vates are not the right material;. The -men'whom
they recruit fcom the cities,arid from-pther places',
cannot undergo the hardship, and - they, know
nothing of riding. ' Th€y know nothing.'of froji-,
tier life. 'The regular officers of the .United States
Afmy are equal to any hardships or any service,
'but you have-never given them men who can per-
form service upon the "frontier.~ -Your infantry,
-upon-the frontiers are totally useless". ' They are
not put there except to 'j>rbipe -the, necessity for
keeping up these posts. .Every man.khpwsk that
if you have a cavalry force you cannot kefep in the
saddle at any one time, more than one-third or one
fourth of the force, and there are always' plenty of
men to keep the posts and guard the forts, if you
have only an exclusive cavalry force on the fron-
tier. It is, therefore, idle to talk of iricreasingthe
Army by infantry, in' the manner proposed by
the Administration. If you were tQ increase.it,
it would be four- times as expensive as this plan,
and totally ^inefficient when done." Regular cav-
alry, who have been for a series of years upon
the frontier, acquire the habits and experience of
frontier life. But \Vhat you want.is immediate
service, and it would take two or three years drill
of raw dragoon recruits to render them " at all
efficient. #
Mr- RICHARDSON. I desire to know of the
gentlemaafrom Texas, if he can "givfe'us the.in-
formation* what'a'mountof troops'Texashad upon
this frontier when she -had to guard her settle-
ments against these Indians, and what amount of
United States force there is now in the different
forts. In other words, I desire to know if Texas
did not defend that entire frontier from the Indians
with two companies of mounted troops? You
have there now some two or three regiments. Can
they protect the frontier as well as two such com-
panies?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] if this
force is absolutely necessary in order to- protect
those regular troops? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I believe'the infantry have
some horses which they come down-to steak In
answer to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] I will say it isr true that Texas protected
her frontier with two or three companies, but the
frontier is now much more extended. ' It is true
that there is a large force of United States, troops
upon the frontiers of-Texas; but as I have said
before, they are not a mounted, force, and not of
that character which wiilgtve security to tfie fron-
tierand perform the service required there. When
Texas had her three companies, they were always
mounted, arid they performed a vast amount of
service. They rode everywhere; they could kill
the game in the prairies, and supply themselves
with food when necessary, and could undergo any
amount of hardship. They always moved rapidly,
because not encumbered with the baggage which
every regular Army will demand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am satisfied fron? my
observation about these thwgs,an_d some JittJfe ex-
perience, that the regular Army is"'not the right
Kind of force to benefit the frontier against the In-
dians, and that you must have that kind of force
settled in the neighborhood of the Indians who
understand and are acquainted with their habits.
One company taken from Texas will do'more
good in their defense than three companies of the
regular Army. I do not believe that the regular
Army can he equaled, however, by volunteers,
where they have to fight a force upon the field;
but where you have to hunt up the enemy, as you
do the Indians,' the .men who settle upon the fron-
tier are the best troops in the world to defend the
frontier. I am clearly of the opinion that Congress
should 'pass some act by which you will make the
people who live upon the frontier defend them-
selves and pay them for it.
Mr. HOWARD. As to that feature of the bill
which provides for arming the citizens of the fron-
tiers, I have only to say, that the arms are here
rusting in the arsenal, and they would'not cost tjie
Government one dollar except for transportation.
There can be no sound objection to making that
disposition of the arms.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman I- wish to say, that m the
report of the War Department I find a letter of
