1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
At the time I made the remarks which have been
read, 1 did not believe that any human being in
the world had received a letter from Mr. Calhoun
on the subject, except one which I myself received,
and which has been published long since. 1 must
say that a gentleman, a friend of mine, in the State
of Mississippi, well known to my colieaguej who
was a partner of mine in the practice of the law,
and for many years an intimate friend, (but from
whom I am now very painfully separated by ex-
isting questions,) wrote me a letter early in the
summer before last, desiring me to correspond with
various distinguished Southern statesman, inclu-
ding Mr. Calhoun, for the purpose of ascertaining
what their opinions were as to the action which
was to be considered in the State of Mississippi
in the event of a Convention being called. I was '
then in the State of Virginia, in my native county, '
and I undertook to hold a correspondence with i
various persons on this subject. If there was '
any intrusion on this delicate matter on the part of !
anybody, I was the intruder. I wrote to the late
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun;]
I wrote to the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunt-
er,] who wrote me a very patriotic and interesting
letter, which never has been published, but which,
if published, would evince the correctness of the
opinion which I have always entertained of him—
which would prove that he is a sound statesman,
and an upright patriot. Neither of their letteiis
indicated disunion, or intimated the necessity
of a change in the Constitution, or certainly
I would not have been the medium through ,
which their communications were introduced to 1
the people in my own State. When this matter |
came up to-day, the Senator from Texas pursued
a line of remark at which I was somew hat galled, !
I confess, as one of the Senators from Mississippi. !
1 refer to his insinuation that that State was con-
trolled by certain peisons in South Carolina. I ;
did not know then that letters had been addressed
to any member of the Convention, except to i
Judge Sharkey. So far as I knew, no other mem- '
bers of the Convention received any communica- j
tion from him. I believe that Another letter ad- j
dressed to me by Mr. Calhoun was pretty freely j
circulated—I was so informed, at least. I make '
this statement to throw some light on my couise ,
in regard to this matter. I .still say that the State !
of Mississippi was notdictated to—was not led or j
controlled, and that no attempt was made to lead !
or control it, so far as I know. • Yet, through me i
a correspondence took place, which, no doubt, re-!
suited in the adoption of a certain course of pro- |
ceeding by that State, as I now believe. I am '
much indebted to the gentleman for allowing me 1
this opportunity to explain. J
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to put myself right i
in relation to the views I then entertained upon the i
subject. Certainly I did not know officially or j
reputedly that any interference had taken place j
in reference to this matter, but I believed, from the |
indications which afterwards surrounded me, that |
something of the kind must have been done. And |
when I alluded to it, it was without information !
further than that which results from analogy to |
other things. I find that the honorable Senator j
from Mississippi, the other day, declared as fol- \
lows: |
u I have heretofore mentioned in this body, that it was .
through me, in the first instance, that Mi. Calhoun suc-
ceeded m mitigating the incipient movements in i!
.sippi, winch led to the calling of the Nashville Convention. I
I repeat that statement now, and insist that my fellow cit- !
izens of Mississippi, who had been thus induced to assume ,
the responsibility ofbalhng the geneial convention into lie- ;
in::, had a right to expect the earliest information to be <?iven
to "then of an.v contemplated depaiturc from the original .
plan of operation."
This merely corroborated what I then stated, j
It establishes it beyond ail controversy. It will ;
be remembered that in 1847 I was denounced for
voting for the Missouri compromise line. In Oc- ■
tober", 1849, the Mississippi Convention occurred,
and the Nashville Convention grew out of it. At
the adjourned meeting of the Nashville Conven- '
tion the ultimatum laid down by that body was '
that very identical line which had been repudiated
by the whole South. That line they made the I
ultimatum for all difficulties then exising. Their
motto was "Thirty-six thirty or fight." I hud
been denounced for supporting and voting for that
line, and the whole South had repudiated it. In
3850, the Nashville Convention laid it down as
the only ground of compromise that could be i
acceded to by the South. I only wish to show <
the consistency with which I adhered to it until
it was repudiated. Even afterwards, when the
compromise was brought up, I introduced a reso-
lution for the purpose of asserting the claim of the
South to extending the line of 36° 30' to the Pa-
cific. That is what I wish to«do. Certain gentle-
men did not seem to consider me so ultra when 1
voted for the Missouri compromise in favor of the
South, as when I voted for it when it favored the
North, I voted for it upon principle.' But after I
did vote for it it was repudiated by the South and
thus rendered void.
I well remember another thing in which I differed
from the honorable Senator from Mississippi.
However much I giay defer to his intelligence,
icisdo-tn, statesmanship, and patriotism, yet I have
been unfortunatcindissentingfrom various schemes
of his. I was directly opposed to the Southern
Address. I did not sign that Address. My col-
league [Mr. Rusk] did not sign it. I believe we
were the only Southern Senators who did not sign
that Address. I believed that thatAddress was
fraught with mischief; and when I saw the conse-
quent action that grew out of it—when I saw the
Mississippi Convention and the Nashville Con-
vention—I became more satisfied with my own
course in not signing it. I did not denounce those
gentlemen who did sign it; but I wish to show
that? I have beert consistent throughout m reference
to the compromise and to the rights of the South.
I have been unwilling to sacrifice*"thosc rights.
My associations and all my interests are in the
South, if I do not own millions of broad acres,
all that I do own is in the South; yet 1 am not
going to insist upon requisitions that I do not deem
right; nor am I going to follow fantasies for legis-
lative diiection by which the country cannot be
benefited. 3 am sent here to act in a legislative
capacity for my State in matters of detail, and for
the Union on general subjects. I hnve one direc-
| tor in that: it is the Constitution. Wherever that
directs me there will I go.
Mr. President, I delivered my speech on the
subject of the compromise on the 8th of February,
I85U; and the resolution of compromise was intro-
! duced on the 14th of February following—six
! days afteiwaids, so that I have not been wholly
disconnected from that matter. I put it to the
candor of any gentleman, whether I have not been
as zealous and as forward in the support of that
measure as any other member of this body. I oc-
cupied no equivocal position in relation to it, or the
j results growing out of it. I wish to add no addi-
j tional plank to that platform. The honorable <jeu-
l tleinan may deem it necessary to do so. If he
j presents himself as the organ of the paitv to wlueh \\
) I belong, and wishes to ingraft this condition upon j}
; the platform, 1, as a member of the Democratic j1
j party—unimportant as [ maybe—most solemnly, !j
m the face of the S'enate, this assemblage, and the
world, protest against any test that has not its j
' origin m the action of the Democratic National '
Convention, called for political purposes. I never
will record my vote on the Journals of this Sen-
ate for a resolution that is'not connected with
legislation, and is purely political in its character.
I will not blacken the white paper of the Senate
with it. If I distrusted the intelligence of the
American people; if I distrusted their patriotism, I
might set myself up as a dictator of opinions,
rtiiti instruct them in what they ought to do. But ]
I Aave no pretensions to the character of a leader. b
I am willing to follow; and 1 have got the broad J1
road before me. I have got the platform on which \>
: we have stood, and on which we have acted. I j!
j did not expect an entire concordance of opinions, or [!
i of platforms, but such as have formerly reconciled
• those opinions. Heretofore gentlemen in favor of
j internal improvements and gentlemen opposed to
I them have stood upon the some platform. Taiiff
j and anti-tariffgentlemen have stood upon the same
j platform: they have supported the great creed of
( Democracy; and if you begin to enlarge that jt
i platform we shall have more trouble hereafter in i|
, reconciling other jarring interests. It will ere- ji
J ate additional trouble to the party. I believed ,j
■ that the discord which had existed throughout the ^
1 country on various subjects, and particularly the ;
! conflut between the North and South, was fast (
dying away and would soon be forgotten, until j1
some new subject would furnish excitement to the !
American people, and divert their minds from this ij
I subject, which had so long agitated them. I
i thought they had determined to be reconciled. II
What was done has had the acquiescence of both
political parties. It has been unfortunately so
mixed up as to have had a wet blanket thrown
over it; and really at this time I had hop.ed that
agitation was about to subside, and that the old
parties would fall into their ranks and march on
quietly t o the attainment of the objects they thought
most eligible or judicious. And I never shall
sanction any measure which is calculated only to
distract the party to which I belong. I will do,
everything I can, fairly and justly, conformably to
the Constitution, to pour oil on the troubled waters
and to quiet them; but I will not introduce a fire-
brand. I will not attempt to distract the party by
anything extraneous to the principles which have
bound them together. I never will, as long1 as I
live, seek to become the dictator of a party, as to
what they ought to do. If I have any measure
relating to the interests of the party to introduce,
I will submit it to its members; and if they think
it ought not to be introduced, I will be prepared to
hear their reasons; and if a majority shall overrule
my own opinions, I will, upon conviction, surren-
der my impressions to their decision. 1 have
never attached sufficient importance to myself to
believe that I have a right to control the parity, or
to believe that my diction should be their law, or
my opinions their guide.
If I could be induced for one moment to believe
that the Democratic party could derive any benefit
from the adoption of this resolution, without pre-
judice to the general weal of the country, I might
not oppose it. But now T can see no propriety or
utility in it, and therefore I shall oppose it.
Is it intended to give effect to the compromise?
Will those measures derive any additional force
from the passage of this resolution2. Will they
be more binding? I think not. Is it customary
to reenact laws of Congress, or to indorse them
by resolution while they remain upon the statute-
book? Will not the adoption of tins resolution in
effect declare that we have not full confidence in
existing laws passed by a former Congress? If
this resolution is necessary at this time, will not
a similar lesolution be necessary at each succeed-
ing Congress, upon the compromise and every
other important measure that may be passed?
And will not such a course have a tendency to
produce unpleasant scenes in the halls of legisla-
tion, impair public confidence in our proceedings,
and keep incessant agitation in the community?
Lf a minority are willing to acquiescein a measure,
and the country is tending to repose after the set-
tlement of controverted questions, so far as they
can be settled by the action of Congress, does it
become a magnanimous majority to open afresh
the sorest points of severe conflicts that have been
allayed, and which the minority do notpropose to
disturb? And especially, sir, is it magnanimous
in the majority to open these questions again,
when the very object of their adoption was to allay
agitation? I voted for them, each and at], as
pcace measures. As such they have been received
by the country, and millions have rejoiced that
these unhappy controversies had been adjusted.
Since these peace measures were adopted, an en-
tire session of Congress has passed, and now at
the commencement of a new session of a new
Congress, a resolution is offered which again
opens, and has opened, the aggravating agitation.
It is an agitatixg resolution upon'a series of
peace measures, and measures, too, acquiesced
in by nearly the whole country. Where, sir, is
the practicability of this resolution? Its friends
have not shown it, and cannot. Its evil influences
aie already apparent as defeating the very object
of the compromise measures; and as a fast friend
of the adjustment, t cannot consistently vote for
it. Why not, sir, introduce a resolution here de-
claring that the independent treasury bill shaU be
a final adjustment of the questions that arose during
its progiess through the vwo Houses of Congiess?
Some of our political friends at fir&t opposed that
measure, but have .since acquiesced in it. If the
position of the Senator from Mississippi be cor-
rect, wc must get up a resolution to " commit"
Senators upon that measure at the present time.
Why is it not done5 Simply because such a course
would be weakness, and worse—it would be ridic-
ulous; but no more ridiculous than the resolution
now before us. I cannot, Mr. President, trifle
with laws in this way. It is not compatible^with
the dignity of this honorable body, or consistent
•with the well-established principles of legislation
