1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wm
they may not be reenlisted for a new year, when
their year expires, and reiinlisted through all com-
ing time, in precisely the same manner of our reg-
ular "Army? and no gentleman upon the floor
understands it better than the gentleman From
Illinois. Disguise it as you will, an point of fact
this is a permanent increase to our regular Army
of one thousand mounted men, for the benefit of
a particular region, at' an enormou§. expense;
greater than any one corps we have. ^Gentlemen
may say-that they must be disbanded at the end
of a year; that the enlistment expires at that time;
but in no instance will that take place, for there
never willlie a time when there will not be Indians
there to meet and repel. I deny that it is good
policy for this House .thus, not understanding
what they are about?, to make a regular increase
of this character, or any other, to the Army; and
especially one of this description. I agree with
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
in reference to this kind of legislation coming to
us from the Senate. It has already carried
$8,000,000 into the pockets of a private concern
in New York, and millions in other directions. I
think we ought to be careful how we make this j
addition to our Army, which all agree is now
sufficiently numerous and expensive., by an
amendment, of the Senate to a bill which was
asked for here by;men who knew as welt what
was needed as any gentlemen now here, although
they might not have had friends who waited to
get commissions.
Mr. STUART. I was proceeding to state,
when 1 yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] that it seemed to
me that, both under the Constitution and the prac-
tice of the country, this discretion has been vested
in the Executive Department; and, sir, if the argu-
ments used by gentlemen in opposition to this
bill be true, why, the troops will not be raised, be-
cause there is no necessity for them; and if there
is a necessity, they will and ought to be raised. I
am willing to leave it there. -I am perfectly satis-
fied, from the little I know about such subjects,
that nothing short of a mounted force is worth
anything at all in hunting down mounted Indians.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Have you in your experience
ever known an office created by the Government
where there were not plenty of men, and friends
enough to provide for them?
Mr. STUART. I, sir, fortunately, or unfor-
tunately, never enrolled myself in that .list of men
who suspect everybody.
Sir, the Constitution of the country vests cer-
tain powers in Congress, and certain m the Ex-
ecutive Department, and I am opposed, in the
first place, to trenching upon them from any
source; and, in the second place, I am willing to
leave this responsibility where the Constitution
has placed it, and let that Department assume and
abide by the responsibility.
Now, sir, believing that this question has been
discussed so far as discussion can be valuable, I
move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will withdraw the
demand for the previous question, I desire to offer
an amendment and make a motion, and I will re-
new his motion myself. I promise not to make a
speech of more than two minutes in length.
Mr. STUART. My object is, sir, to terminate
discussion. If l ean, sir, without yielding the
floor, allow the gentleman to submit his amend-
ment and his motion, I will do so.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. What amendment does the
gentleman propose?
Mr. ORR. I propose to add to the Senate
amendment this proviso:
Prowled, That the President shall, before ordering out
any troops authorized by the preceding sections, disband
one of the regiments of infantry now in the service of the
United States.
I then desire to move to refer the bill and
amendment to the Committee of ihe Whole on the
state of the Union, and that the bill and amend-
ment be printed, so that the House can understand
the action.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from South Carolina not to embarass this bill with
that amendment. The regular Army bill is the
place for that. We have news every mail from
California, Texas, and New Mexico, that the In-
dians are commiting depredations,.and butchering
men, women, and children.
.Mi\ STUART.. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. ' I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER; The gentleman from Michi-
gan has .declined'to do so upon several applica-
tions. - '
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say that I wish to test thesense of
the House upon this subject. I should'be very
glad to oblige the gentleman, but I think this matT
ter has been already sufficiently discussed.
Mr. ALLISON. I merely Wish to remark 
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order. The
gentleman .from Michigan absolutely refuses to
withdraw his motion. • ^ ■
The House was then divided upon seconding'
the demand for the previous question,.anil there
was not a second. - _ ■
IVJr. ORR. ' I propose to amend the .Senate
amendment by adding the proviso which has just
been read. I understand that the amendment of
. the Senate isin single sections.
The. SPEAKER. The. first penditig amend-
ment will be reported by the Clerk. - - ,
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows':
" After the words New Mexico, in the first section, fifth
line, insert ihe word Utah." . .
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orii]
will not be in order to the first amendment pro-
posed by the Senate.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make a
motion to commit-the bill and amendment to the
Committee of the Whole oh the state of the Union,
and that they may be printed. It is very evi-
dent. .
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the Chair. The first amendment proposed by the
Senate to this bill is of a character which will not
allow the amendment proposed as an amendment
to the Senate amendment. The gentleman's
amendment will be in order to the second amend-
ment of the Senate, but not to the first.
Mr. ORR. This bill originated it) the House
of Representatives, to provide for arming citizens
upon the frontiers. When it went to the Senate,
an amendment or amendments were put into it,
providing that additional troops should be raised,
rangers and troops of that description. Tludjro-
viso that I desire to insert is to come in at<(^jPnd
of that portion of the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. It will be in "order at-that
place, but not in "order as an- amendment to' the
first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ORR. Will the Chair entertain the amend-
ment now?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be entertained ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think this
is a very important bill. It goes to create a large
force of eleven hundred or twelve hundied men, if
I understand it, and it is going to be a permanent
tax, not only for these men, but for their pensions
for all future time. Now, it ought to be deliber-
ately considered, and the idea that because these
Indians have burnt villages, this, bill must pass
immediately, is one that I do not understand. I
understand these popular appeals, the effect they
have, and how little effect they ought to have.
Now, I would suggest to the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr."Oiui] to move to refer this
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, and let
any amendments that may be suggested by gen-
tlemen be considered there, and the bill reported
back, which can be donein the course of three or
four days, and the House can then act deliberately
upon it. The plungmgs that we make are those
which involve us in all"the difficult and dangerous
schemes of this Government, and every other Gov-
ernment, and are always brought upon us under
the cry of some pressure. I have no doubt that
some murders have been committed in Texas;
but will the passage of this bill this day bring those
who have been murdered back from theirgraves, or
is there any danger that those murders will be re-
newed instantly? Why, the raising and organi-
zation of these troops will take some time, and
three or four days will not make any difference. I
hope gentlemen will not, therefore, act on this ap-
peal which is made, and. which seems to appeal to
our feelings. It is agre.atp,erm'anerrt system"—for.
it will be permanent. *A;s the gentlemah from:-"G<?nv'
necticut [Mr. Cleveland] sskljitis not for-a year,. _
but a lease from year to year,_ enduring jbrev<5r',
and fixing upon the'eountry a. great military Sys-
tem. We gave all that was agked-iri the bill that
passed iris H'opse. We gay« arms to alt'th'e p"( -
•pie^upon th.is frontier, and we authorized;the call;,
mg'out of "these people-when they got tbwsearmd,
whenever emergency should require it.-' Thte Is
nothing b*ut.,ar> additional- large army, to; be_" per-
manent from ".year to .year, and -not when emer-
gency requires it. - We have authoxize_4.^1r^ady,
as I said before, the arniing of Bll. these |>e&pte.-
who are now to be converted into ceg^uHr'tt-oops-,
and we have authorized them to be called' put
whenever there is occasion. What-more is netfes.-
sary'? If a permanent addition to the Army is to .
be made, let it be made in a regular way. • Let the
country know it. Let us change the character of
our forces if they are-not goo'd for, anything. Let
.us disband them and convert them to some other
■species of troops which will be of service, and.
enlisj, if you please, those who are accustomed
to hunt -down Indian's. - Let us do this in a.reg'u-
lar way. -1 hope the gentleman will move to refey
this bill to' the Committee on Military Affairs. '•
Mr. SCURRY. With' the permission- of t|je>
gentleman frqm South Carolina, I desire to say a
few words. This is a-subject,of considerable rri-
teresttothe State w.hich I have "the honor in part ■
to.rgpresent'—although it does not so particularly
interest tliat portion of the-State to .which I-belong-
as it does the district of my colleague. I am sat-
isfied, from the demonstrations that have been
made in this House,, that there is no possibility of
passing this bill.
-A Member. Not now. •
*' Mr. SCURRY. No, nor at any other time. J
am convinced "of that, and have been for some
time past.* All we want to know is, whether the
Congress of the United States intend to afford that
protection which is due from this Government, to
the people of Texas. If you do not intend to
pass, kill this bill without evasion, and we shall
then necessarily be compelled to rely on ourselves
for our own protection. When that hour arrives, _
believe me, that the sons of Texas will be found
a^ their posts and true to their trusts. "When the
people of Texas learn that the Government of the
United States will stand quietly by and.see their,
fellow-citizens massacred by tjie Indians and Mex-
icans; when- they find, that tho& - depredations,
on the frontier, costing )iu{idreds. of fives,a:y.ear,
are passed by and totally disregarded by the Con-
gress of the United States; they willfeeland-)tnow
that.'the period has arrived when they must rely
upon themselves, and'become their own protect-
ors. - -
I know the. officers of the United States Gov-
ernment stationed in Texas are all opposed to this
kind of force; nor has the time ever been.when
the officers of the United States Army favored .the
employrhentof volunteers. The Government itself'
prefers the discipline and.subordination.of the*reg-
ular Army, however inefficient to-a volunteer"f£>rcet,
even though that volunteer force^-were -the/most
efficient that was ever employed inany species of
warfare. ■ . i „ . , • ' „
Now, a word as to the expense of this mode ot
defensfe. During the bloodiest period of the Mex-
ican war, the United States stationed on-the fron-"
tier of Texas, from the Rio Grande to the Red"
river, a regiment of volunteers, commanded by the
present Governor of Texas. That regiment cost
the Government less than any other regiment of
mounted men in the service; -and I state as a fact,
without the fear of contradiction, that the frontier
of Texas was better protected by that single regi-
ment than it has ever been since Texas was an-
nexed to the United States. During the time that
regiment was upon -the frontier, Indian depreda-
tions were unheard of; and why it is, with the
enormous force, (a force represented here .to be
equal to the whole Indian population of Texas,)
does not give equal security, is alone to be ac-
countetTfor upon the ground that it is unfit for the
service in >vhich it is employed. - ' .'
Much credit is due to the officers and men com-
posing that regiment of volunteers, for the^ctivi'ty
and energy which they displayed in giving security
to the whole frontier. Their success jrose,in part,
from the system adopted, which converted the regi-
ment into a daily moving column j extending from
