1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ing of the clause indicated, I. will move to lay the
w hole subject upon the table, as I am unwilling to
vote upon the passage of that which I am not
allowed to understand.
The SPEAKER. The matter is not yet before
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the motion to
be to suspend the rules for the puniose of allowing
the resolution to come before the House for con-
sideration. . .
Mr. BROWN. That is all that ts intended by
the motion now pending.
TheSPEAKER. Tliatis the proposition. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] asks to
have read a clause of the law of ]846, which the
pending resolution proposes to affect.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Until the subject comes
before the House for consideration 1 object to
debate or the reading of anything. Debate will
be proper when the resolution is regularly before
the House.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to suspend the rules, and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 98, nays 60; as follows:
Aiknn, Allison, John Applcton, Bo-
cock. Bowie, lilacs. Bii-nton, Albert G. Brown, Bui'li,
Joseiili C.itik-, 1>. C.impliell, Chandler, Ohnginstii,
Co!)h, ("ulloui, Ciulis, Daniel, Jolin G. Duvis, Dotj, Dut-
kee, Edgi'itim, Edmmiil-cm, l''ickliii, Fiteli, Florence,
Flint!, Fowler, Gamble, Gentrv, Uooduch. timw, Hall,
Hamilton, Harper. Miam G lliurn, Henn, Hilitard, llors-
f'ord, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins,
James Johnson, John J olm-on, Geor«e \V. JoneJ, J Glanev
Jones, Preston Kins-.Kiilins, Ktlrra, Landry, Mann, limn
phrey Mar-hall, Martin, \f,w>n, McDonald. iMel.analian,
McNmr, WeCiuecn, Mill-on, Minci, Molony, Henry 1).
Moore, Morehcad, Muiray, Nahers, Newton, Old-, Oir,
Outlaw, Andrew 1'aiker, i'eaflee, I'enn, lViimnian, I'er-
kins, Phelps. Powell. Rantmil, liolihuis, Kiissell, Saekett,
Selioolcralt, Seurrv, ^mait, Ssiiiih, Snow. Ahialiain P.
Stevens, Thaddeiis Elevens, Smnf, rU Martin. Sti.uton,
Tuclc, V*enable, VValhridgi', Wallace, WiUkms and Wood-
w;ud—98
NAYS—Mc^is William Applcton, Thomas II. Bavly,
I3am;ie, Haitlett, lieiuiett, Howne, Hrooks, Bin-
rows, ChapiiMii. Cha-stain, Clark, J)a\vm it, l)«>an, IJockery,
Freeman, Thom;i> J. I>. Puller, Gaj iord,<.ii>odeiunv, <Jc r-
inan, <*rey, Hammond, Haven, Uemltick-, flillv< i, How-
ard, frigorsoll, Aiuhevv Johiwm, (ieoiire (i Kins. Letcher,
Lockarr, Mace, Me.VIulhn, Miller, Samuel W. Parker,
polk, l*rice, Riddle, Savage, Schermei liom, kelton,
Stanly, Benjamin ritanton, Fredenek P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thomp-
son, George W. Thompson, Thnmon, W.iUh, Ward.
Washburn, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yaterf—6u.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HAVEN". I will say this to the House.
Inasmuch as this subject of public printing has
excited some attention in the public newspapers,
and inasmuch as the House, by a vote already
given just now, manifested it desire to know some-
thing upon the subject, I wish to show to (he
lionise, if there is 'any desire on their part to
know, what the stale of business us. I am leady
and willing to teii them how the matter stands.
Mr. KING, of iNew York. I hope the com-
mittee will report.
Mr. ORR. Unless the gentleman will allow a
resolution by way of correction to be introduced,
I object.
Mr. POLK. I use to a question of order. I
ask what there is before the House connected with
this subject*
TheSPEAKER. Discussion is not in order,
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. Is not d report from the Printing
Committee in order at any time?
TheSPEAKER. It is, but there is no report
proposed to be made The gentleman from New
York can make a report from the committee, but
not a verbal one.
Mr. ORR. I believe there is nothing before
the House
Mr. HAVEN. Is it in order for me to move
to reconsider the vote just taken to suspend the
rules?
TheSPEAKER. It is in order, but the prop-
osition would not be debatable.
Mr. HAVEN I can only say, I have no de-
sire about this matter, if the House do not wish
to hear. I am willing to disclose all that has
been done.
Mr. KING. The House wishes to hear.
DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. ORR. I ask leave to introduce the follow-
ing' resolution:
Resolved, Tiiatthe Committee of Way* and Mean* be in-
structed to report on Tuesday, the xJOtli mutant, at half past
twelve o'clock, p. m., a bill in the words following, to wit:
Be it c-nacted by the Senate and House of Representu-
tivts of l/tc United Stutcs of Jjmeiicmn Congress as.scm-
bled, Tnat the iron lor the construction of all railroad* in
the United State-, or the Terntoijes thereof, may be im-
ported tree of all duty: Provided, neteithele^, That m all
cat.es herealter, whenever it proposed to claim tins ex-
emption fiom duty in ca&e of the importation of iron fot ;
such purpose*, it shall be the duty ol the person 01 persons j
importing the same, to give bond in such maimei as may !
be prescribed by the Secretary ol the Trea>ury, conditioned I
to show that, within three years from the tune of said nn- |
portation, the said iron has been laid down for permanent |
use on some railroad ; or in the event of failure to make it j
so appear, then the pji on or persons importing t-aidiron |
to be icquired to pay double theiates of duty now required
by law: Providedjurther, That in the event of it being made '
to appear, to the sati-daction of the Secietaiy of the Tieas- I
urv, that the omission to lay down &aid mils hasnotoccuried j
by reason of any li auduleut pui poM* to evade the pa\ment of >
the pu^enbod tate of duty oil & ch iron, that thou it -.hall be ;
hi* duty to give iutther and rea-onable time lor the bona ;
fuie application ofsaidnon to the purpose^ol lailroads. J
Sf-.c. li. n<! be it further enacted) That all duties now due i
on account of the impoitation ol 11011 101 railroads be, and \
the same are hereby leimtied : Pronded however, That in all
such case* the importation shall be in the name and lor the :
u -c ot some legally incorporated railioad company, or foi a 1
Stare or Temtory ot the United States.
Mr. ROBBI-NS objected.
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rules, and
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays. !
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to know of the Chair ,
whether the resolution proposed by the gentleman |
from South Carolina [Mr. OrrJ is in order. The i
point I make upon it is this, that under the express
standing rules of the House committees are to be
called m a particular specified older tor reports, j
This resolution proposes to change one of the 1
standing rules of the House so far as to make it
the duty of the committee, or enable it, to report |
at any time it pleases without a regular call of i
committees, and in violation of that law of the ,
House. 1
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not to
change the standing rules of the House, but to wus- \
pend the rules of the House, which stand in the \
way of the introduction of the measure proposed. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be true, but 1
would like to know whether that is a meie sus-
pension of rules, or whether it is not a proposition
to change the rules? The rules say that commit-
tees shall report 111 a certain specified order,
but 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orii] proposes tljat the rules shall j
be suspended for a particular purpose, which re-
quires two thirds.
Mr. ORR. There is a precedent for it. :
The SPEAKER. The Chair iias no difficulty 1
with regard to lhe rule.
Mr. POLK. Will a motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union take precedence of the one
now under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. POLK. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ORR. Can the Speaker entertain these
two propositions at the same time?
The SPEAKER. Both are prmleg-ed ques-
tions, and they will be \oted upon in the order in
which they have been submitted.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays upon
the proposition submitted by him; which were
oidered.
The question was then taken and there were—
yeas 55, nays 97; as follows:
YHAt?—Aiken, Bocoek, TJracs, Bngc=, Albeit
G. Biown, Joseph Cable, Chapman, Clark, Ohngman,
John G. Davis, Doty, Eastman, Edumndson, Fitch, Free-
man, Gentrv, Goiman,<*rey, Hall, IJendricks, Ilenn, IIow-
aid. Jackson. Jame^ Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W.
John-on, Landr\, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Mai "hall,
MeCoikle, McUueen, Moluny, John Moore, Nabers, Orr,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penniinan, Itantoul,
Seuny, Smait, Smith, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Stone, St.
] Mai tin, Yenable, Wallace, Watkim-, Wilcox, Williams,
' Woodwaid, and Yate—,V>.
' NAYS Me-srs Willis Allen, Allison. Tohn \pplefon.
William Appleton, Thomas H. Bajly, Baireiv, Baitlett,
I Bennett. Bowie, Bowne, Bronton, iJtooks, Buetl, Btnrows,
j Chandle'r, Charftam, Cobb, Conger, Curtis, Damol, Daw
! son, Dean, Doekery, Dunham, Duikee, Ed^eiton, Flor-
: ence, Floyd, Fowlei, Thomas J. 1) Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
' lord. Goodenovv, Goodueh, Grow, Hamilton, Hammond,
j Ifham G. Hani-. Haven, Hibbard, Hilher. Ilordford, IIoih-
l ton, John W. Howe, llunter, fnge^oll, Jenkin>, Andrew
! Johnson, Daniel T. Jone^, Geoige W. Jones, j. Glancy
j Jnnr . George G. Kin^r, Prc&ton King, Kulins, Kuitz, Letch
| ei, Mann, Mai tin, Mason, McDonald. McLanahan, Mc-
. Mulhn, McNair, Meaeiiani, Henry D. Mooie, Munav,
i Newton, Andrew Paiker, Peaslee, Perkins, Polk, Price,
1 Riddle, Robbins, Rot?, Russell, Saekett, Savage, Scher-
merhom, Schoolcraft. Scu<lder, David L. Soymou.% Skel-
ton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
Thaddeui. Stevens, Stiatton, Stuait, Sutherland, Taylor,
Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thompson,^Thurcton,
Tuck, Walbridge, Washburn, and Alexander White—9<'.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMART obtained the floor.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of t>rder. I
ask the Chair if the motion I made to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole is not now first in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion could not be
made during the pendency of themotion which was
made by the gentleman irom South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] to suspend the rules.
Mr. POLte. Having made the motion, I ask if
I will not by proper courtesy be entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] who is en-
tied to the floor.
Mr. SMART, by unanimous consent of the
House, presented resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of Maine adverse to the extension of
patents of Wood worth's planing machine, and Par-
ker's reacting water-wheel; winch were referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GOODENOW, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Maine in snppoi t of the memorial to Con-
gress asking the assistance of the United States
Government in behalf of the European and North
American railway; a portion of which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and a portion to the Committee on Roads
and Canals; and they were all ordei ed to be printed.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rules, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "An
act to extend the time for selecting the landsgianted
to the Stale of Wisconsin for salme purposes;"
which received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. STANTOIS, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] will withdraw
his motion, and permit me to offer a report from
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. POLK. I do not withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken, and there being
only forty-seven m the affirmative, the House re-
fused to suspend the rules to go into committee.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move thatthe rules
be suspended, so as to allow the gentleman from
r*ew York [Mr. Havev] to make a verbal report
from the Committee on Printing. 1 desire to know
the facts in the ease.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that report is to be made,
I would rather see if in writing.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move to amend that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules, to enable the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] to submit a motion, or for the pur-
pose rather of authorizing the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] to make a verbal report
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. May 1 make an inquiry of
the Chair5 Is it not the privilege of the Commit-
tee on Printing to report whenever it sees fit, and
at any time?
The SPEAKER. It is the privilege,under the
rules of the House, for the Committee on Printing
to make a report at any time.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a question of order.
Can any committee of this House make a verbal
report ?
The SPEAKER. Not without a special order
of the House. The Chair thinks it competent for
the rules of the House to be suspended, so as to
allow the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
to make a speech,or to make a verbal report from
the committee.
Mr. STUART. If the rules of the House are
suspended, according to parliamentary law, can a
\erbal renort be made? , .
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent to suspend the rules to allow the gentleman
to make a speech—and a verbal report is but a
SPMr'.1 WOODWARD. I wish to make a point
of order, and the point I raise is this: not whether
you cannot suspend the rules so as to authorize a
report to be made, but whether, under a suspen-
