138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
a charge and then disavow the imputation. I do
not state a hypothetical case, leaving others to ap-
ply it. I did 11 ot charge the gentlejnan with having
derived this resolution from the State Department.
I have not said that it was concocted there. The
gentleman seems to acknowledge the wish to raise
a third party, to break up the two old parties, and
run a third-party man for the Presidency. Wheth-
er the honorable Senator from Mississippi is to be
front or rear in the rase, I do not know. I do
not impute any design of the kind.
I should be sorry to suppose that there could
be the least ground for applying to me the term
" demagogue." What demagogism was there
when I gave unpopular votes in this body, when
there was no prospect for advancement in popu-
larity, for I was denounced far and near? What
intrigue could I then have had, with a party un-
important in the country, when I could nave gone
with the whole South if I had chosen to sacrifice
my own opinions on the Oregon question? Was
I playing the demagogue when I refused to sign
the Southern Address? Did I not vote for every
one of these compromise measures? The honor-
able Senator from Mississippi did not vote for
them all. I voted for all. I think, then, that I
am a better compromise man than the honorable
Senator from Mississippi.
If I had charged the gentleman with a design to
distract the Democratic party, he might have re-
pelled the charge. If I had charged the gentleman
with manufacturing a platform to suit the peculiar
condition of Mississippi, I would only have reit-
erated a charge which I have heard frequently for a
year or more. The gentleman's furious onslaught
has given me a better opinion of my character as
a man; for if we had sworn together to commit
high treason, he would certainly have betrayed
me. The honorable gentleman reminds me of an
anecdote, which I will relate to the Senate:
There was a reverend gentleman, one Parson
Means, possessing many amiable and excellant
qualities as a neighbor and as a companion. He
was a generous, hospitable man, but he had a rest-
less disposition, and never could be kept out of
mischief, notwithstanding the restraints of religion
and morality. He disorganized every church and
congregation with which he had any connection.
He was a common agitator. At last he passed
from the stage of action. Afterwards a particular
friend, and a great admirer of his, had a vision
in which he was translated to Paradise. When
he arrived there, he felt, as he represented, some-
what strange and solitary. He thought he would
like to see some old friend or acquaintance, and
the first one who presented himself to his mind
was Parson Means. He inquired for Parson
Means, and was informed that he was not there,
but that perhaps he could be found in Purgatory,
lie repaired to Purgatory, and was received by
the keeper with great cordiality and courtesy.
While compliments were passing between them a
loud noise was heard in Purgatory. "Stop,"said
the keeper, interrupting the conversation, "wait a
moment if you please; Parson Means has broken
his chains, and unless I have him fastened again he
will turn Purgatory upside down." [Great laugh-
ter.]
When I review the conduct of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi for several days,and in-
deed for several years past, I have had deeply im-
pressed upon my mind the anecdote of Parson
Means. The course the Senator has pursued has
suggested itself so strikingly to me, that 1 could
not resist relating the anecdote to the Senate for
their application of it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the honorable Senator
will allow me to make an explanation.
Mr. HALE. I suppose I must give way.
Mr. FOOTE. What I have said I have said.
All 1 have uttered I uttered with gravity, with a
solemn conviction of the truth of every syllable
enunciated by me. I have used the language of
honesty and patriotism. If I have delineated
character in a somewhat striking manner, it is be-
cause I understand that character well, from hav-
ing studied it closely, and from having made up
my mind concerning it without prejudice. The
Senator from Texas says that I have spoken indi-
rectly. He is the only gentleman who thinks so.
Certainly I meant all that I have said that was at
all disrespectful for him, and for him alone; and
the whole country will so understand it.
The PRESIDENT. If the Chair had supposed
that such was the intention of the Senator, he
would have felt it hi  duty to call him to order.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not now repeat what I have
said. My reason for not applying my denuncia-
tory language directlyt was that I knew I could
not do so without violating the rules of senatorial
propriety. I knew, sir, that if I did so you would
call me to order. Having given my reason for
using indirect language, I hope the gentleman, and
everybody else, will understand me. A word as to
the gentleman's anecdote. He may consider me
a very restless person; and if he supposes it ne-
cessary to chain me in order to prevent my doing
mischief to his presidential pretensions, or some-
thing else in which he is interested, all I have to
say is, that it is not in his power to forge a chain
strong enough to hold me in duress, when I have,
a public duty to perform, and especially such a
duty as I have been called to perform this morning.
My language is ever free, unequivocal, and inde-
pendent; and whenever I find a case of conceal-
ed iniquity, requiring, in my judgment, a prompt
and explicit disclosure, I shall be ever ready to
employ such language of manly contempt and in-
dignation as the occasion may seem to' demand.
I am perfectly content, m harmony with his very
chaste and classical anecdote, either to go to Pur-
gatory headlong, or descend in infemis> as may
suit his taste.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a better illustrative
anecdote than the one I told, but I shall not occu-
py the time of the Senate by repeating it at this
late hour. Mr. President, I assure yon, I assure
the Senate, and I assure the country, that every in-
sinuation against me of indirect plotting by myself
or by my friends, within my knowledge, with one
party or another—tp/ery insinuation that imputes
to me any other design than that of preserving the
Government in its purity, and the Democratic
party in its own faith without an extension of plat-
form, is altogether unfounded. 1 voted for the
compromise, for every measure of it. But I did
not insinuate that I had started it. The records
of the Senate, however, will show that I gave out
the inception of a suggestion of a committee of
six Senators. In my absence, owing to the sick-
ness of members of my family, the honorable
Senator from Mississippi introduced his resolution
for the appointment of a committee of thirteen.
Whoever insinuates that I have had any intrigue,
or any understanding, or any correspondence upon
the subject of free-soil, abolition, disunion, or se-
cession, insinuates what is utterly unfounded, and
without the slightest countenance of truth. I make
that declaration here without any feelings of un-
kindness towards the gentleman from Mississippi,
for I can assure him that I wish him a smooth and
untroubled path of life, and that for his own good
and for the gratification of his friends, I hope it
may be less troublous hereafter than it has been
heretofore. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I thank the gen-
tleman for his generous wishes in my behalf. I
trust I may have a quiet career hereafter. I have
felt pained at the necessity, which I thought was
imposed upon me, of vindicating myself on this
occasion. The first assault did not come from
me. The Senator from Texas will bear me wit-
ness that I warned him solemnly this morning,
that, if at this moment when I was about starting
for my home, he should undertake to indulge in
illiberal remarks, in the expectation that I would
probably not stay here and vindicate myself, he
would find himself to have committed a great
error.
I will announce to him now, that he cannot get
out of the predicament in which he has deliberately
placed himself. The language of the gentleman
m the first instance, as he declares, was intended
to be strictly political My words of derogation
and contempt were designed to be most emphati-:
cally personal. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am not in- I
clined to take any part in this debate at this time;
nor do I know that I shall take part in it to-mor-
row morning. If I were to consult my own |
feelings, after what has passed between gentlemen, :
I would not say a word. But I must be permitted
to express my surprise that the honorable Senator :
from Texas [Mr. Houston] should have thought
proper to wage war on the constitution of South .
Carolina. It is not the first, second, nor third!
time that he has thought proper to allude to the I
constitution and laws of South Carolina, and to
hold them, as far as he could, to censure and con-
demnation. I have not the least idea that the con-
stitution of South Carolina is in any danger from
the assaults of the honorable Senator. I would just
as soon suppose that-a diamond could be cut by
having rubbed upon it a piece of stained glass. But
allow me to say, in a tone of seriousness, that if
the sentiment of union between us, the representa-
tives of the sovereign States, is to be preserved
and cherished, it will not be by allowing any man
upon this floor to look into the constitution of a
State which one of his fellow Senators represents
and make criticisms upon it.
Next to the religion of any people is their laws
and constitution. Now, what would be thought
of a Senator upon this floor rising arid speaking
of the represenattves of Louisiana—I do notknow
that either of them is a Catholic, but there is a
very large Catholic population in Louisiana—or
of Maryland, where there is also a large Catholic
population, and of the religion of their constitu-
ents in language of censure? What would be
thought of any Senator who spoke in terms of cen-
sure of the religion of any portion of the people?
And I say that next to the religion of any people,
is their laws and constitution.
I would as soou suppose that the Roman con-
stitution would have suffered fFbm the rebuke of
the Scythian, as that the constitution of South
Carolina will suffer from any remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas. I am sorry that he
has thought proper to allude to it for the third or
fourth time. What brought that subject into this
debate? Does the gentleman suppose that by
bringing himself in comparison with South Caro-
lina and herinstitntions, he is to shine more bright-
ly by the contrast, in his professions of love for
the Union? Is that his object? Why has he se-
lected peculiarities in the constitution of South
Carolina, when they obtained in the constitution
of almost every State in the Confederacy, until
very recently. Some provisions which have been
put into the constitutions of the States of late
years, have not, in my opinion, improved them.
Why, at this moment North Carolinahas the same
features in her constitution, so far as regards a
property qualification for Governor and a property
qualification for Senators^ In Georgia, a Senator
sometimes represents five hundred people, while
another may represent two thousand or three thou-
sand. It is so.
What does the Senator mean when he speaks
of an " oligarchy " in South Carolina? Does he
mean to say that the people of South Carolina
are governed as slaves by an oligarchy who have
concealed from them the knowledge of their
rights, or have defrauded them of those rights?
I will not speak in anything like flattery of
the people of South Carolina; but I would in-
form the Senator that that people will not appeal
to him for instruction as to their rights. Philip
of Macedon had a party in Greece; Napoleon
Bonaparte had a party in Italy; and perhaps the
gentleman may suppose that he has a Houston
party in South Carolina.
The Senator asked a question which is perhaps
illustrative of his doctrine as to the relation of the
Federal and State Governments. What was it?
I wish to put it in a prominent point of view, with
no disposition to throw anything like personal
odium on him. But he asked, in a very emphatic
manner, if the Federal Government were to inhibit
the people of New York, or of any other State,
from voting for electors of President and "Vice
President, would it not be considered an outra-
geous usurpation of their rights ? He turned round
and in the next breath said, South Carolina" had
done the same thing, and she is to beheld equally
responsible to the condemnation of history, or 1
suppose to the condemnation of the gentleman,
who is to set himself up as the muse of history—
as the modern Clio.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said nothing about con-
demnation.
Mr. BUTLER. No; but. the gentleman made
this illustration. The gentleman's doctrine will
have that effect to some extent. I have always
contended that the Federal Government acted un-
der derivative and delegated powers, and could not
by any act of legislation affect any State beyond
the powers conferred. I have contended that the
States possessed all powers that have not- been
delegated to the Federal Government; that they
