1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
the Red river to the Rio Grande. Tins kind of
service cannot be done with the regular infantry,
even if they were disposed to undertaken; and I
will be excused for questioning: then-disposition.
Sir, 1 earnestly desire that this bill may pass.T
have spoken upon this subject from the fact that I
am cognixAnt'of the difficulties under wljfich the
people of Texas have labored; and I feel equally
well satisfied that if this force is placed upon the
Rio Grande, that it will not only repress the In-
dian and Mexican marauders hut it will also sup-
press and keep down those inroads of which gen-
tlemen so loudly complain here as having been
made into Mexico.
Give us a force from the citizens of the frontier,
who are acquainted with the habits and warfare of
the Indians and Mexicans, and- who have been |
accustomed to fighting and pursuing them, and j
they will not only prevent filibustering expedi- I
tions into Mexico, but will check and put down .
depredations upon our own border. But let the
infantry remain there unaided as it is, and our
ears wili continue to be saluted with the cry of woe
from the scalped of the wilderness, and the most
cruel iYM*wres will still continue to be enacted.
Mr. ORR. I have occupied a good deal more !
time than I anticipated, but I hope the House will
bear with me a little longer. I do not understand
the gentleman from Texas, who has just resumed
his seat, to charge directly that this Government
has manifested any indisposition to protect the
people ofTexas. Whilst i am not very thoroughly
informed as to the history of the present Adminis-
tration, and as to how it stands affected to the peo-
ple ofTexas, I think rhat he might have spared the
Government an imputation of that sort. There
are now, Mr. Speaker, two thousand five hundred
troops within the limits of Texas, or about that
number. One of the gentlemen from Texas [Mr.
Howard] tells us that they are utterly inefficient
for the purposes for which they have been posted
there. In addition to that large number, I am now
just told that seven hundred more troops have
been recently sent there—the rifle regiment.
Mr. HOWARD. The whole force there never
has been over eighteen hundred men; and I will
state another fact, that more than half of those are
engaged m the duties of the Quartermaster's De-
partment, cutting hay and wood.
Mr. OR.R. Whether the force there was three
thousand two hundred men, according to the offi-
cial report of the Secretary of War now before
me, or eighteen hundred, according to the gentle-
man from Texas, his argument shows very conclu-
sively, that numbers is a matter of 110 consequence,
for he says that the troops are utterly inefficient,
and that it would be better to have no troops there
at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I spoke of the infantry.
Mr, ORR. The Government has certainly
shown a disposition ro protect the people ofTexas,
and to protect the people of Mexico from the forays
of the Indians, carrying out in good faith the stipu-
lations of the treaty with Mexico, by posting some
four thousand soldiers in the Territories ofTexas
and New Mexico. If the troops that have been
sent there have proved inefficient for that purpose,
then the amendment that I have presented should
be adopted. Now, I have no prejudice against the
plan which the gentleman from Texas has indicated
as the proper one to defend well and efficiently
the Texan frontier—none at all. If that is the best
description nf troops, mounted volunteer rangers—
and I am disposed to concede very much to the
experience and knowledgeof the two worthy Repre-
sentatives from Texas—why, then, give them that
description of troops. But if the troops belonging
to the regular Army now stationed on the Texan
frontier, are doing no service at all, then if you
raise fivg hundred mounted men for the purpose
of frontier defense, disband an equal number of
regular troops. I have no desire to kill this bill
by indirection, or through a covert assault. It
has been intimated to me since I indicated the
motion that I proposed to make, that it might have
the appearance of hostility to the bill, to send it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
TJp'on.
With a view of showing to the friends of the
bill that f desire in good faith, that their frontier
shall be efficiently protected, and in their own way,
but at the same time without such an enormous
tax on the Treasury of the United States, I will
change the motion that I originally proposed to
make, and move that the bill and Senate amend-
ment—including my own, if in order—be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. That com-
mittee will be enabled to report back the bill in a
few days—perhaps in a week or ten days.
Mr. HOWARD. When, will that committee
be called for reports, at the rate we are going on
no w ?
Mr. ORR, I have no doubt the committee will
be called in due season; but if not, and if the case
so urgently requires the action of Congress as the
gentleman-represents, two thirds of the members
can be found upon any Monday to suspend the
rules to enable that committee to submit' their re-
port. I do not at all desire to kill off the hill, but
I am utterly opposed to having the regular Army
increased eleven hundred men by this ingenious
device; and that is the practical effect if the bill
should pass without some such amendment as I
have indicated. 1 am utterly opposed to any such
policy as that. If our infantry regiments cannot
subserve the purposes for wh'ich they are in the
employ of the Government, convert them into cav-
alry troops; and if they are then still incompetent
or inefficient on account of the personal incapacity
of the soldiers for this arduous service, disband
them and take those who can serve the Govern-
ment efficiently. Now, I think the gentlemen
fiom Texas are asking a good deal of this House
in requesting them to pass at once, without con-
sideration, reference to a committee, or printing,
a bill occupying so many pages as this does—a
bill which the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly) tells us will involve an expenditure
of $1,000,000 annually, and a permanentincrease
of the regular Army of more than one thousand'.
To ask the House to take such a bill upon trust,
or on the recommendation of the Senate, without
referring it to any committee, is really asking a
good deal. It strikes me that the request is not at
all signalized by its modesty, i am therefore in
favor of sending the bill to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. Let them devise some plan to ob-
viate the objections which have been made here,
and then report the bill back to the House. If
they are not called for reports, we can suspend
the rules, and the bill can be reached in that way; '
and if eleven hundred additional troops are to be
raised for service on the western frontier, let us
have a provision in the bill to reduce the existing
force by disbanding an equal number. I now
move that the bill and amendments be referred to
thejfimmmittee on Military Affairs, and that the
bilHsml amendments be printed; and if the House
concur in the views which I have presented, they
will sustain the previous question which I now
demand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there
amendment pending?
The SPEAKER. There is no amendment to
the amendment proposed by the Senate pending.
Mr. JONES. I have one that 1 wish to get in,
and I think it will certainly meet the approbation
of the friends of the bill. I should like my amend-
ment to go to the Committee on Military Affairs,
for perhaps it is not drawn with as much care as
it should be.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South'Carolina withdraw the call for the previous :
question?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Tennessee
desires to make a remark or two, and I will there-
fore withdraw the call for the previous question if;
I do not lose my right to ihe floor.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. ,
The amendment of Mr. Jones was then read,
a foil ows:
Provided, That the horses and hor*e eq<ripage« furnished 1
by the troop* mu-tered into service under t!ii-- net. «hall. at |
the time of toeing mustered into seivice, be valued in such j
manner as  hal! be prescribed by the Secretary of War, and
each man mu-tered into service as hernni provided, *hall
receive pa} mem from the United States for their horses
and hor?e equipage? respectively.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order to the first amendment proposed by theSen-
ate.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. My experiencein
these matters is, that nearly all the horses thataie
mustered into service, belonging to the volunteers,
have, sooner or later* been paid for by the Gov-
ernment; and it would be better, in my opinion,
that the value of the horses at the time they are
mustered into service, should be paid by the Gov-
any
ernment; and then, In case the horses are lost in
the service, you will save the volunteer the trouble
and expense of coming here for his relief, arid will
save us the trouble of'making out his claims and
having them audited at the Department.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. . Does the
gentleman, desire that the Government should pay
for the horses in advance, and then pay the sol-
diers double wages also.
Mr. JONES. No, sir. I want the whole sub-
ject to go to the Military Committee; but I wish
to have that committee provide that the horses
shall be paid- for at the time they are mustered
into service, and then that the troops shall beparft
as dragoons,'mounted upon Government horses.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question. If I understand it, this
bill contemplates bringing these troops into ser-
vice for a very limited time.
Mr JONES. For twelve months.
Mr. DUNCAN.- And they are not to be kept
in service for that time even unless wanted. They
may be dismissed within thirty days, if their ser-
vices are not necessary. Now, if the Government
is to buy horses for them all, when they are mus-
tered into service, what is to become of the horses
after the troops are dismissed ?
Mr. JONES. They will not be dismissed until
their time is our, and "by that time there will be
but few horses left.
Mr. JV1EADE. If I read the bill correctly, these
soldiers are to providetheir own horses, for which
they are to he paid an additional sum—some ten
or twelve dollars a month above the ordinary-
wages, I think. This was intended not only to
pay for the hire of the horses, but to pay also for
the risk they run of losing them. That being the
case, I should much prefer, rather than buy the
horses, which will be valued at a very high price,
to give these ten or twelve dollars per month, and
let the soldiers run their own risks as to loss of
horses.
Mr. JONES. I understand all that. We always
give forty cents per day for this risk. But it is
usually the case, that after we have paid the forty
cents per day for the risk, we pay for the horses
too. That is what it comes to at last.
Mr. HOWARD. They have no legal claim for
the horses; and if you adopt theamendmentwhich
the gentleman proposes, you cannot tie the hands
of Congress, so that they cannot pay for the
horses afterwards.
Mr. JONES. Well, T hope the bill will be re-
ferred to the Military Committee, and that they
will take the whole subject under consideration,
and make the bill conform to that provision for
buying the horses, and then giving the troops the
same pay as dragoons mounted upon theGovern-
ment horses; for you will at least save the forty
cents per day while they are in the service. I call
for the previous question.
Mr. SCURRY. I hope thegentleman will per-
mit me to call his attention to this provision of
the bill. It expressly provides that the troops
shall receive no compensation whatever for the
loss of horses.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, But that is
not a finality. That may be repealed. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make one sugges-
tion before the gentleman moves the previous ques-
tion. I wish to provide that the committee may
report at any time, because we shall never get the
bill back unless that provision is made.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that.
Mr. KING, of New York. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order if objected
to.
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. JONES. I now again demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
The bill was then ordered to be committed to
the Committee on Military Affairs—ayes 75, noes
not counted.
TOWN OF BELLEVIEW.
Mr. CLARK. I should now be pleased if I
can get the consent of the House to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 316; the object of which is to relin-
quish to the town of Belleview, in the Sta:e of
Iowa, a certain narrow strip of land bordering
upon the Mississippi river, and have it passed.
It is a bill entirely local in its character, and one
