1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to which there can be no objection. I hope the
House will allow it to come up. I ask that it may
be read, and I have no doubt it will pass.
Mr. DUNCAN, f object. . ,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of.New York. I move that
the rules of the House be suspended, and.that the-
House resolve itself into-the'Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the-gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw that motion'
for a moment, in order to allow me to-introduce a
resolution in relation to' the publication of the-,
obituary notices which were drderedtd be printed
a few days ago. _ My resolution provides that they
shall be bound. I hope there will be no objection.
It will take but a moment.
Mr. SEYMOUR, , I decline to withdraw the
motion.
The .question was then put, and the motion
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
262, making approbations for the improvement
of certain harbors and rivers. -
HIVEH AND HARBOR BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
yesterday an amendment was pending, offered
by the gentleman from Alabama, making appro-
priations for the improvement of the Tennessee
river. To that amendment the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] offered an amendment
making: an appropriation for the improvement of
the Paseagoula river. The question now pending is
therefore the amendment to theamendment; upon
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.McMux-
lin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McMULLllNT. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] because I think it will
have the effect to render the bill more acceptable
to the House. It occurs to me that the bill as it
stands is so wholly objectionable in all its features,
that it cannot receive the votes of a majority of
this House; but if you adopt this amendment, it
will serve to render the whole bill more palatable
to some gentlemen. Now, sir, the bill that passed
this House at the last session of Congress was
one highly objectionable to 'me. But, notwith-
standing the fact that that bill appropriated twice
the amount which this bill proposes to appropri-
ate, according to my recollection, it bore upon its
face something approximating to even-handed
justice. But, Mr. Chairman, when you examine
this bill, what do you see? Why, sir, you find,
in the first place, that thecommittee that reported
this bill, headed as it is by the distinguished gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,] has
taken especial pains to provide well for that little,
unimportant State, New York. [Laughter.] You
find, when you come to look into this bill, New
York introduced in a good many different pi ires.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
Dog-days have already commenced, and I feel .it
my dutv to insist that this discussion shall be
confined within legitimate limits. The amend-
ment under consideration is an appropriation for
the improvement of the Pascagoula river, in the
State of Mississippi. The point of order which I
make is, that the gentleman must confine his re-
marks to showing why the appropriation should
not be made for the improvement of that river.
We shall not get through the discussion on this
bill in three weeks, if we go on in this manner. I
raise the point of order, that the gentleman'from
Virginia is not discussing the amendment befoie
the House; and I intend to appeal to the committee
to sustain me, so as to see whether we ate disposed
to go on with the public business or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman in opposing this particular amend-
ment, will have the rightto show why other por-
tions of tne country provided for in the bill, are
not deserving of the same appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg to suggest that this one
appropriation is now under discussion. When
the items relating to Ohio or New York come up,
the gentleman nan then oppose them ifhe chooses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair-is well aware
that, according to a strict construction of the rules,
the gentleman from Virginia is not in order. He
would gladly enforce the rule if he supposed the
commitr.ee would sustain him, but he is unwilling
to enforce them, strictly upon one member of the
committee, arid-not upun all.*
Mr. BOCOCK. I would state in reply to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] that
the remarks of my colleague [Mr. McMullen,)
were strictly in order, and upon this ground:. My
colleaguecontending that the adoption of the,
amendment of the gentleman - from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown.] would tend to make this bill more'
acceptable, and thereby increase the chatlces of its
passing; but this bill ought hot to pass, and there-
fore he contended that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi should not be adopted,*
because it would increase" the chances of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman does not un-
derstand my point of order. I wish to restate it.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will say that
this point of order is not debatable.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it not in order for me to re-
state my point ? . \
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
sustained the point of order madeby thegentleman
frotfi New York, and decides that the gentleman
from-Virginia is out of order. The Chair now
states to the committee, that in future he shall
strictly enforce the rule in this respect.. The gen-
tleman from Virginia will proceed in order. '
Several Mbmbrus. That, is right.
Mr. Mc.VIULLIN. "The gentleman .over the
way [Mr. Brooks] has given conclusive evidence'
that the position 1 took was right. His conduct
shows conclusively that there was something in
the point I was making upon the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Sey-
mour.] Now, 1 ask that committee to tell this
committee and the'eouqtry, upon what principle
it is that they have put in some twelve or fourteen
appropriations, in different items, to the State of
New York, amounting in all to $'550,000, or there-
abouts. Now, sir, if you pass this amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, you add, prob-
ably, his vote to the bill, and perhaps the votes of
others. I consider the bill to be unjust in itself,
and desire to see it defeated if possible.
The course pursued by this committee has been
so perfectly disinterested that it reminds me of an
anecdote I once heard. There was an old lady
who, being very self-righteous in her prayers to
high Heaven, asked God to be merciful to all the
World, and more particularly to herself. This
committee, in dealing out the favors of this Gov-
ernment, are anxious to do justice to all the States,
and more particularly to tne State of NewTBbrk.
I expect to offer an amendment or two in favpr of
the Old Dominion. . • . -
Now,sir, I ask this House to pause before they
adopteither the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, or any other amendment to this bill.
This bill, in my judgment, ought to be rejected.
You have here a House, composed in the main of
Democrats. Now, sir, I ask this House, and I
ask the committee, if they can in justice to them-
selves go forward and vote for a bill which is so
partial in its operations? The last river and har-
bor bill of the last Congress appropriated $50,000
to Virginia, but the Virginia vo<e was cast against
that bill, and,sir,it is likely to be cast againstthis
bill also. I do not mean to charge upon the com-
mittee that ihey designedly overlooked Virginia.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Is it in order now to
offer an amendment?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thereisalreadyan amend-
ment pending to the amendment, and it would not
be in order.
The q-iestion being upon the amendment offered
by Mr. Brown,
Mr. BROWN demanded teller's; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment,'and it was not agreed to. ,
The CHAIRMAN. Thequestion nowis upon
the amendment offered by thegentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr Cobb.]
Mr. GENTRY. Is that amendment open to
amendment}
TheCHAIRMAN. It. is.
Mr. GENTRY. Theamendment of thegen-
tleman from Alabama proposed to appropriate how
much ?
The CHAIRMAN. Twenty-five thousand
dollars below, and $50,000 above the Muscle
Shoals,in thp Tennessee river.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 move to change the sums
proposed to be appropriated lo,.- $10,000 in- each
C'ise. - ' ; -•
An estimate has been made by th'e-Engitieer de-
partment, Mr. Chairnian, of the shirfoWieedfial* to
improve the navigation of the,Tehhe$se$Vtvfer.:- 1*
t.hijik u would be inexpedient for this comutiltee;
to amend, the bill, by adopting th$ a'm'ehdifrent"
proposed by the gentleman from Alabama,
Cobb,] and inconsistent with the•e^timaies* fromL
the.pfoper Department. Those" esthhate&co'ntem--
plated an'^approprmtion of upwar.da-of $100",000,*°
above {he Musde Shoals.. -The ri.ver,issnavigakl.e
below the shoals. * A* ^railroad runs arpund "tj>6
shoals, and the estimates confine'the i/np ements*
below the shoals. There are a Jew fi^strUotJQBV-
to be removed, and which -being removed
make that stream one.of t) e best'-in Anieiica. "
The Engineer Department has estimated for.the
removal of those obstructions to the navigation*of
that river above the shoals/ If it is the pleasure,
of this committee, and of. this House, to make art
appropriation for that river at all, 1 think.the ap-
propriation ought, to be made ill conformity "with *
the estimates of the"Department^ Extensive'syS-
tems' of railroad improvements have been-made
south of the„Tennessee*river, connecting witlf the
Chattanooga, and' exterfatvet system.s are being
completed, connecting the Northwest, with this
stream. There, is no point in America, in rhy
opinion, where it is so • important to remove-ob-
structions fr<xm navigationas tha't of-the Tennes-
see river.. If you intend "to hdtfea system'of im-
provements, it ought to be d system all-embracing
in its character. Why exclude this important
tributary to the Mississippi when all .nth-erg-are
embraced? Repeated estimates and reports have
been made by scientific engineers, showing that it
contributes a larger volume of water than the Ohio
itself, to the Mississippi river. Any gentleman
who looks at th£ system of improvements already
completed south to the Chattanooga,and those in
progress of completion north of that point, will-
see in a moment that there is no stream in Amer-
ica where so much good will be accomplished by
small appropriations for the removal of a" few ob-*
structions and rocks, easy of being removed, and
which being removed, make it',at once one of the.
most navigable streams, and one which conduces
6®. the welfare*<jf a larger extent of country than
any other stream, except the Mississippi river it-
self, embraced in the provisions of this bill. *
i-hope, therefore, that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from AlabamaJMr. £oBB-]"\tfiIl
not be adopted, and "that the proposition .whfch'
will be presented by my Coll&agu6,.\Vbo;represerits
the- "Krioxville district, .[Mr, GnuRC-hwelli}
founded upon estimates coming from the proper
Department—the Engineer Department—will, at
some stage of the proceedings, be adopted.
I will never vote for any bill that fails to em-
brace that stream, and I hope no man from the
region of country I represent will sustain a bill
that excludes a provision for that stream.
Mr. SEYMOUR/' I wish to inquire in regard
to those estimates, whether they were made by-
any officer upon the ground', and upon aVi exam-
ination of the obstructions to which,h!e refers.- -
Mr. GENTRY. There.have'Jb%envrepeatea sur-
veys and estimates matie "at various periods. The
Chief "of the Corps of Topographical Engineers
was directed by the Secretary of War"to examine
those previous estimates, and to make out a new
estimate therefrom, which is just.as well as if a
new survey had been made. There is no difficulty
upon the subject at all. ' -
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then the estimate was made
from the old estimates?
Mr. GENTRY. Thenature of the stream has
not changed,and they are as good as if they were
made yesterday. They were made by scientific
men, and have been repeatedly.made,and the rea-
son why that stream has not heretofore been em-
braced in such bill is, that those representing that'
section of country have had constitutional objec-
tions in regard to the power of Government io
make appropriations for such objects, and instead
of atruggling to obtain appropriations for this
stream, they have discouraged every effort to make
appropriations for it.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman's amend-
ment will not. headopted. -
■Mr. GENTRY. Then I withdrawal. [Laugh*
ter.] ' *
