140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
s, as often as once a week, that the Free-Soil-
ers were dead.
Mr. FOOTE. We are merely performing their
obsequies now.
Mr. HALE. Bat they are not dead. It seems
to me that the task of killing them is not over.
It is altogether a mistake. I want to call the atten-
tion of my friends to another view of this subject
presented by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi the other day. In urging Southern men to
vote for the resolution, he gave as a reason that
the South had* got everything they claimed; but
he added, by way of proviso, that they claimed
nothing but what was right and patriotic.
Mr. FOOTE. Nothing but what the Constitu-
tion allowed..
Mr. HALE. He did say so; but he said they
got everything they claimed. But to-day he says
it is a thoroughly Democratic measure, by which
I understand the modern definition of his democ-
racy is, that it is thoroughly Democratic to give to
the South everything they want, and that is the
reason Southern men are to vote for this compro-
mise resolution. I wantto appeal to some North-
ern gentlemen here, for there are some Northern
members on this floor representing Northern States
and Northern constituencies. What can we—we
patriotic men, I am not speaking of factionists—
after wehave taken this dose, and given this great
glory to our friend to go hometo Mississippi with,
what ran we tell our constituents that we got?
The South, remember, got all she claimed; what
did we get?
Mr. BADGER. All the rest.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina has made the best answer in the
world. The South got everything she asked; the
North got all the rest. That is a complete answer,
and it is a highly satisfactory solution of the whole
difficulty. With that I suppose we can stand
before our constituents.
But the honorable Senator from Mississippi, as
I said the other day, does not consider this to be
final. He means it to be final until the South
wants something more, and then the compromise
is no longer binding.
Before the honorable Senator goes home, I can
assure him that if lie has not produced a brotherly
feeling all around, he has on me: I have none but
the kindest feelings for him. But when he and
the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
ItiiETT"} the other day were disputing the palm
with one another, to know who had done most
for the Abolitionists, and which acted with them
the best, I remembered very well that it used to be
the fashion when I was getting what little educa-
tion J have, to have debating societies, where the
disputants displayed themselves, and where it was
the fashion for the presiding officer to scan up the
merits of the various disputants, and to award the
paim. As it is not precisely in accordance with
your position, Mr. President, to assume that place,
and as from the very nature of the case, I supposed
the appeal was made to me to pronounce which
was the better Abolitionist of the two, I think it
is my duty to the country to announce the fact. I
can assure both of these honorable Senators that
they have done i\. great deal more for the Abolition-
ists than either of them is aware of. But on the
score of magnanimity, and on no other score, I
think I must award tiie palm to Mississippi; and
I will tell the honorable Senator why. He says
the South got all they claimed, and having got all
they claimed, they are willing to acquiesce for
awhile. Having got all they wanted they do not
care about dissolving the Union. South Carolina
is in the same category with Mississippi. She
gets everything she wants, and everything the
North has got to give; but, like the old lady who
got a new kettle, she is neither for borrowing nor
lending any more. She is for dissolving the Union
and going on for herself. Having got everything
she claimed, and everything we could give, she
thinks the Constitution has entirely failed"to bring
about what was intended, and she is for going off
Mississippi has the advantage in this respect, and
in this alone.
I would not undertake to go further into the
comparison. If the honorable Senator would per-
mit me to quote Latin, I would say won nostrum
■inter vos tantas componere lites. I would leave the
controversy between the two where it stands; but
I must say that I hope I shall not hurt anybody
in Mississippi by doing this.
Mr. FOOTE. Do not praise me too much.
Mr. HALE. I will not praise the gentleman :
too much. I only give him credit for magnanim-
ity. On that score alone, I give the palm to Mis-
sissippi. If I were to follow the dictates of my
own judgment, I would move to lay this resolu-
tion on^he table, not that I think it will do any
great hurt to the Free-Soil party or to anybody
else. I am certain, however, that it will do no
good. I sympathize with some of those honor-
able gentlemen who spoke to-day for the private
claimants; and I think that something is'due to
them. I do not wish the whole time of the Sen-
ate to be occupied during this long session in re-
discussing what took us a long session two years
ago to discuss. We have in our courts in New
Hampshire a sort of trial on review; and I have
always found in my experience as a practitioner,
that it takes twice as long to try a case on review
as on the original issue. This is caused by new
evidence coming up, and the case being presented
in new aspects. What is this? Stnpt of its
technicalities, it is nothing but the trial, upon re-
view, of the compromise measures. The honor-
able Senator who introduced it was in a hurry to
have it passed, so that he might go home in sea-
son to be inaugurated Governor of Mississippi,
and carry the resolution in his pocket. He may
go home, be inaugurated, serve his time out, and
«ome back, and, in the ordinary course of legisla-
tion, we shall not have got through the resolution
unless the Senate come to the conclusion that they
will do something practical, and lay the resolution
on the table. I shall not make the motion which
I rose to make, because I see some gentlemen op-
posite me—some young gentlemen—who are anx-
ious to distinguish themselves before the country,
and shed light on the subject, and I am desirous
to hear them.
Mr. CLEMENS next obtained the floor; but it
being four o'clock, he yielded the floor,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 22, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
ALPHABETICAL LIST OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DANIEL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, presented to the House
a report made to him, as chairman of said com-
mittee, by the late Clerk of the House, Richard
M. Young, showing the progress made in prepar-
ing an alphabetical list of private claims, the nature
of said claims, and the action thereon, accompa-
nied by the following resolutions, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tlic House be and he is
heieby directed to itave completed, in the «hoitest pos-
sible time consistent with aeeuiacy, the digest of claims
uuthouzed by the resolution of the House'of the 37th of
Januaij, 18 It5, and the 2d of Scptembei, 1850, m the man-
ner and at the iateof compensation therein authorized to
i the evtni cleiks employed upon th« same; and that lie
pay the compensation due for services already performed
on the \v< rk. which has been withheld in consequence of
the rcsmction as to time in the lesolutton of 1850.
lletolved, further, That the Cleik be and he is hereby
required to withhold the work from the pi ess until the whole
of U shall have been completed and subjected to a reexam-
ination with the journals, reports, laws, &.c., and to have
reprinted so muclwof that now punted shall, by the dis-
covery of errors m it, connected with that now incomplete,
or otherwise, be deemed necessary: and that the work,
when ready for the press, be punted by the piintcr now
engaged upon It.
[A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House of the passage, by that body,
of the joint resolution of the House providing for
the pi in ting of additional copies of the Journal and
documents; also, an act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the brip-
Ada; also, an act granting to the State of Missis-
sippi the right of way and a donation of public
land for the purpose of locating and constructing
a railroad from Brandon to the eastern borders of
said State, in the direction of Montgomery, Ala-
bama.]
The resolutions of the Committee having been
read,
Mr. DANIEL said: I beg leave to state, that as
this matter requires the immediate action of the
House, I trust there will be no objection. It is in
regard to the digest of private claims which was
authorized by a previous Congress, and continued
under a resolution of the last Congress. The print-
er has suspended the work, awaiting the action of
the House, as some inaccuracies have been found
in the work, until the sense of the House can be
taken whether they shall be corrected or not. The
committee have had the matter under considera-
tion, and have authorized me to report tofthe
House the resolutions which have been read, that?
the House may see the state of the work. I ask
that the Clerk read the report I send to his desk.
It is a report made to me, as chairman of the com-
mittee, which more properly might have been made
to yourself as the Presiding Officer of the House.
The report of the late Clerk of the House,
showing the progress made in preparing the alpha-
betical list of private claims, was then read.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee of Claims, when it is probable
that this work will be completed, and how many
clerks are now employed upon it; and, also, what
sort of volume it will make?
Mr. DANIEL. It will make three volumes
about the size of the Congressional Gflobe. There
' are about a dozen clerks now employed upon the
work,and I understand, if thecourse recommended
by the committee be pursued, it will be completed
in five to ten months, and then we shall have prob-
ably a work as nearly accurate as one can be made.
Mr. JONES. The thing was wrong in the
start. I am opposed to going on with it.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. I would like to
inquire if the committee know what amount of
money has been already expended and contracted
for?
Mr. DANIEL. I willfirstgive the House some
idea of the progress and origin of the work, and
they can then judge for themselves. This work
was authorized previous to the last Congress, and
was recommended by the Committee of Claims.
They found in their investigation, that gome digest
and index referring them to the action, which the
two Houses of Congress had had upon the various
claims which had been before them, would not only
facilitate the labors of the several Committees,
but would tend to protect Congress from imposi-
tion. It was found, that claims sometimes re-
jected in one shape, sometimes assumed another
shape, and afterwards very unjustly passed. I have
been referred to a case, which was twice paid by
Congress, at the distance of only eight years. The
committee, therefore, felt the necessity of such
a work, and recommended that a work similar to
the digest of claims which had been prepared by
the Senate, should be also prepared, containing all
the cases which had been before this House, and
that Mr. Young, a gentleman of this city, who
had performed the duties of clerk to the Com-
mittee of Claims in previous years, should prepare
the work. During the last Congress, feeling the
necessity of the work, and wishing to have it com-
pleted as soon as possible, the Committee of
Claims inquired what progress had been made, and
found that although Mr. Young had been engaged
some three years, he had made but very little pro-
gress, and that if he were alone employed upon
it, years would elapse before we should have the
work, without any saving, as regards expense. It
seemed best, therefore, to the Committee of the
last Congress, that the work should be hastened,
but first requested the Clerk of the House to as-
certain, from such source as would impart correct
information, what force would be necessary, in
addition to the Clerks of the House, to complete the
work within twelve months. We wished to have
it completed by the last session of the last Congress.
It was a matter about which all was mere conjecture.
We had no idea of the vast labor which was re-
quired, nor, as it seems, had the Clerk, who sup-
posed that seven extra clerks would be sufficient to
complete the work within twelve months. The
House, undertherecommendation ofthe Committee
of Claims, therefore, passed a resolution authorizing
an additional number of clerks, but thought proper
not to restrict him as to the number, for it was very
obvious that it was all mere conjecture. As the work
had been commenced, we were desirous of having
the work completed, and if seven clerks were not
sufficient to complete it, that the Clerk should be
authorized to employ a greater force. He pro-
ceeded at first with the smallest number supposed
to be necessary to complete the work in th6 requi-
site time. But as the time approached he found
that the force was not sufficient, and enlarged it to
