1916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
No objection was made, and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting §30,000 for the removal of the
bar at the mouth of the Yazoo river. It is very
clear that this bill is a partial one upon its face.
Wiitle appropriations are made for streams which
pass through the interior of almost every State in
this CJnion, not one single dollar is appropriated
to rivers or harbors in the State of Mississippi,
nor on its gulf or river coast. The chairman of
the committee [Mr. Seymour] admitted the other
evening, that two bays, the Little Sodus and the'
Great Sodus, entirely within the jurisdiction of
the State of New York, had large appropriations
to them in this bill, and that the State of New
York had the right to improve them, thereby ex-
cluding the Federal Government. On the second
page of this bill is another appropriation of $50,000
to the Hudson river, at Albany. This place is
'also entirely within the jurisdiction of the State of
New York*, and such is the case with regard to
most of the items of this bill; yet not a dollar is
appropriated to the rivers of Mississippi, emptying
either into the Gulf of Mexico, or into the Mis-
sissippi itself. Just at this moment, an amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Brown] for an appro-
priation to clear out the mouth of the Pascagoula
river, which empties into the Gulf of Mexico, has
been voted down without ceremony. We have
the Tombigbee river, running through the States
of Alabamaand Mississippi, long enough, accord-
ing to the definition of certain gentlemen here, to
be called a national stream, also the Pascagoula
and the Chickasaway; yet not a dollar is given
either. We have the Pearl river, passing from
the Gulf of Mexico to Jackson, the capital of the
State of Mississippi, and thence to tne interior,
winch is navigable for six months in the year for
large steamers, and not a single dollar is appropri-
ated to that. Here, also, is the Yazoo river, for
which I offer an amendment, and to which not a
single dollar has been appropriated. Yazoo City,
a large and thriving commercial town upon this
river, has more commerce than nine tenths of the
rivers and harbors included in this bill.
Why, sir, the second appropriation in this bill,
instead of being an appropriation to improve rivers
and harbors, as professed in its titlte, proposes to
construct a harbor upon the east'sicTe of Reedy Isl-
and, in the Delaware; and there are several appro-
priations for the same purpose.
Instead, therefore, of making appropriations for
the improvement of rivers and natural harbors, this
committee have recommended appropriations to
build harbors, where nature never intended they
should he.
Mr. WALSH. I would say to the gentleman
that that is one of the harbors in the Delaware
river, which the Government is under a solemn
contract to keep in repair.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
The appropriation is to build the harbor, and not
to repair or improve it. The gentleman will have
to amend the bill, if it is an old harbor.
I want $30,000 to be appropriated for the im-
provement of the mouth of the Yazoo river, emp
tving info the Mississippi river, which latter is
admitted, upon all hands, to be a stream entitled
to improvement. The Mississippi river is a great
national highway, a stream not within the juris-
diction of any single State, but the common bound-
ary of nine States, and over which no single State
has exclusive jurisdiction, and therefore as strictly
within the power of Congress to improve as the
Atlantic coast. The Yazoo river runs from the
interior of Mississippi, through one of the most
fertile cotton regions in the world. It bears away
the cotton, and brings, in return, the annual sup-
plies for the planters. At the mouth of this river,
in the bed of the Mississippi river, is a bar, of
equally as much importance and magnitude as the
bar in the Hudson river at Albany. Why not
cat it away? The bar at Albany, as I am in-
formed by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, [Mr. Seymour,] requires $800,000 to
improve it, and they have been improving that bar
ever since I can remember. They have actually
expended ^375,000 upon it, and yet the bar is just
as bad as when they commenced appropriating for
its improvement. It feeds with a growing appe-
tite; the bar gets larger as the public treasure is
lavished upon it, and, at the same rate of improve-
ment, by the time the whole estimate of §800,000
is expended upon the work, the river will be
wholly impassable.
Mr. FULLER. I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Freeman.] Gentlemen oppose this bill because it
does not contain appropriations for every harbor
and every river in the Union, which is susceptible
of being improved, and which may be done consti-
tutionally. Unless, therefore, you get up a bill
large enough to d.o the whole at once, shall we do
nothing? You can do a .portion.-this year, and a
portion another year. SI do not suppose any gentle- :
man expected the committee'to report a bill large
enough to do-the whole at once. - - •.
Mr.- FREEMAN, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man is a lawyer, and a good lawyer, too. - Now,"
I ask him what he thinks of that provision of the
Constitution which provides that no preference
shall be given to the port of one State over that of
another? We have some ports in Mississippi;
but you have given preference to the ports of other
States to the exclusion of those of Mississippi.
Mr. FULLER. I will respond to the gentle-
man that his State is not precluded from having
an appropriation some other year; To provide
during one year the appropriations for all the States ;
would swell the bill too large. i
Mr. FREEMAN. . What year are we to come :
in, I should like to know? I fear it will be after j
the day ofjudgment. ' !
Mr FULLER. The gentleman's colleague ;
[Mr. Brown] said that the State of Mississippi;
was the only State upon the Atlantic sea-board •
that was not provided for in this bill. In that the
gentleman is mistaken. He then went on to as-
sume the reason why the State of Mississippi
was omitted by the committee. He assumed that
the omission was owing to her peculiar political
opinions. Now, New Hampshire, which is a
jewel in the galaxy of States, I presume all will
concede, with a sea-board of fifty miles, and a
very fine port, has not had a dollar appropriated
to her. The gentleman is therefore mistaken in
that fact. He was quite as much mistaken in the*
inference which he drew. The committee did not
omit to give an appropriation to the State of Mis-
sissippi for the reason he assigns.
Now, sir, as has been remarked heretofore, the
committee went around the frontier of the country,
endeavoring to deal out equal and exact justiceito
all portions of it. There is not gold enough in
the mines of California to improve all your har-
bors.. Are gentlemen going to take the ground
that because their particular river is not appropri-
ated .for, they are going to oppose the bill? The
result of that argument would be, if it have any
force at all, opposition against any bill. The gen-
tleman, as his State borders upon the Mississippi,
ought to be satisfied with her share that has been
appropriated for that river. These are all the re-
marks I desire to make.
The question was then taken on Mr.. Free-
man's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
Mr. YATES offered the following amendment:
For the impiovement of the navigation of the Illinois and
Cumberland rivers, .$100,000 ; ,$'50,000 of said amount to be
expended on each of said rivers.
Mr. Chairman, I must confess, that I am very
much surprised at the report of this committee.
How it happens that a committee, aiming to frame
a system of improvements and to do equal justice
j to all parts of the country, to provide for the pro-
; tectiou of life and property on the sea-coast, on
| the inland lakes, and the important navigable rivers
of the country—how it happens, that that com-
mittee should overlook and omit the Illinois river,
I do confess I am at a loss to imagine. This, sir,
is an unpardonable oversight.
I am not disposed to find fault with this com-
mittee. I must say I like the men who compose
it well, and I must exonerate them from any de-
liberate design to do injustice to any portion of the
country, or any desire to claim for their several
localities larger appropriations than they would
award to the West or any other section. But,
sir, the fault is heie: there is no representative of
western interests on that committee, favorable to
the construction of internal improvements. It is
unfortunate for the country and unfortunate for
the symmetry of this bill, that several members
from the West had not been appointed on that
committee to present the wants of the ten millions of
people of the valley of the Mississippi. I have
discovered the fact, to my great regret, that many
eastern men, have but faint conception of the ex-
tent of western interests, of western wants and
western progress; and while honestly disposed to
do us justice, yet for the want of this knowledge,
they fail far short of it. And, while they deal out
to the .West with a sparing* reluctant and parsi-
monious hand, they seem astonished that our Hearts
do not overflow with gratitude for what they con-
sider the most-ambounded liberality. You speak
to them of improving the Illinois river, and their
replies are absolutely provoking. "Oh!" say
they, "if you make appropriations for the im-
provement of the Illinois river, then you must'
make appropriations for every other river." These
same gentlemen have appropriated by this bill,
$50,000 for the Hudson river. Now, I wish to
inform you, sir, and this committee, and I speak
emphatically, and from personal knowledge, that
the Illinois is as large and 'fine a-navigable stream
as your far-famed Hudson. • While, sir, it is nav-
igable at most, seasons of the year for boats of the
largest size, from its mouth to La Salle, a distance
of two hundred and fifty miles, your Hudson is
navigable for only one hundred and fifty miles. If
you will look at your geographies you will find
this out.
I had the pleasure, a short time since, of travel-
ing upon the Hudson, and it was a pleasure. I
saw a picture of life and animation there which
delighted me. I saw thfe waters there moved by
every sort of craft. Steamer after steamer, and
sail after sail floated in the beautiful prospective,
while along its banks the iron horse dashed by us
at the speed of forty miles an hour. Mansions
of elegance and splendor, and a numerous succes-
sion of beautiful cities and villages passed in re-
view before us. But, sir, while I admired the
Hudson and its beautiful scenery, and viewed the
evidence of wealth and prosperity upon its banks,
yet I found that, for the purposes of navigation, it
was not a better stream than the Illinois. And
yet, sir, for that river there is in this bill an ap-
propriation of $50,000, although it is within the
limits of a single State, and although a railroad
runs on its banks parallel with it from its mouth
to the highest point to which it is navigable. Is
this equal and impartial legislation? Is it fair to
lavish the public treasure'in appropriations "to a
State powerful in resources, commanding the com-
merce of the ocean, and abounding in capital and
wealth, for the improvement of her rivers, while
a single dollar is denied to a young and needy
State, for her rivers, equally national, and de-
serving of improvement?
If the Illinois river is not a national stream,
then there is none. The doctrine that a river, to
be a national one, must flow between two or more
States, and not be comprehended within the limits
of a single State, is becoming obsolete, and is
yielding to the more intelligible and sensible con-
struction that if itis needed and used for the trans-
portation and travel of many States, then it is
national, whether it is contained within a single
State or washes the shores of a dozen. The Hud-
son is a national thoroughfare upon this very
principle. Its source and its mouth are in the
State of New York, but its head-waters are con-
nected with other States and with the lakes by-
railroads, so that it floats the commerce and travel
of many of the States of this Union. The Illi-
nois stands upon the same ground. Its head-
waters are connected with the lakes by the Illinois
and Michigan canal; and railroads from its head-
waters to the lakes, and to the Upper Mississippi,
are already projected, and several are, at this time,
in the process of construction.
I say, sir, if the Illinois river is not a national
work, then the Mississippi is not. It is, in a
strong sense, a direct extension of that river to
Lake"Michigan. It connects the great lakes with
the Father of Waters. It connects New York
with New Orleans. Nearly all that trade which
finds its way over the lakes, and on that Jong line
of railroads which sweep around the lakes on its
way to the West, seek its natural and almost only
channel down that stream. And this is no secret.
I am speaking what is known to the country,
alhough it may have escaped the attention of the
committee. The rapid increase of the commerce
upon this stream, its statistics, and the immense
amount of business, travel, and transportation upon
it have been the constant subject of newspaper
correspondence and comment in every part of the
