105*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
iels and 320 others, citizensof Niagara county, New York,
praying {'or further remedies to patentees.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The memorial of citizensof Grant
county, Wisconsin, for a grant of land for a railroad from
Mihvaukie toPofo^i, on the Mississippi river.
By Mr. CFIANOLER: Two memorials, signed by J,
W. Bray, S. ftf. Bay, and many otiier citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking Congress to conduct a canal around the Falls
of £t. Mary.
Also, the petition of Oliver Byrne arid other citizens of
Pennsylvania, piayinu the extension of a patent for Un
Emmons'* patent for a planing machine.
By Mr. McLANAflAN: Resolutions from the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives, from that State in Congress to vote
for the construction of a ship canal around the falls of the
Ohio river. &
By Mr. GAY LORD : The petition of Philip Acluins and
oft other citizens* of tho counties of Morjxan and Perry, ask-
ing the grant of lti0,000 acres of the public lands to aid in
the construction of a certain plank or Macadamized road
within &aid counties.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April ]3, 185'2.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
EXTENSION OI-' THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the general
consent of the Senate now, to permit the joint res-
olution in regard to the extension of the Capitol
to be taken up, so that we may act upon the
message of the House, rejecting one of the Sen-
ate's amendments. This matter ought to he de-
cided at once, and I think we can decide it in a
very few minutes, this morning. I hope it will
be the general pleasure of the Senate to take it up,
and I therefore ninke that motion.
The PRESIDENT, it iy moved to take up the
joint resolution authorizing the continuance of the
work on the two wm£,s of the Capitol, winch lias
been returned ftom the House. If taken up, the
(juration wiff be upon receding from the amend-
ment made hy the Senate, to which the House has
disagreed.
Mr. BRADBURY. We were admonished by
a gentleman yesterday that he should debate that
joint resolution when it conies up. I therefore
hope we will not take it up, hut go on and finish
the business which we commenced yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. I only ask for a portion of
the morning hour. I think we can get through
with it in that time. I shall be willing, after one
o'clock, to i^ivc way, if it is not disposed of thou.
I hope no objection will be made to that.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator consents to
give way at one o'clock, I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The motion to tnke up the joint resolution was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The motion made by the
Senator from Virginia is, that the Senate recede
from their amendment, which has been rejected
by the I louse.
Mr. iiRUDllEA D. On th.it ijucstion I a«k for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken, I want
to state, for the information of th<- Senate, that I
have prepared, agreeably to notice given n day or
two since, a joint resolution, precisely to the same
cffcct .•« the amendment which has been rejected
by the Ho'.i^e, with one single verbal alteration,
which wa^ su^uevtfd by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, [Air. .Badger,J when that
;i:nendsue)K was before us, ond which it would
have requited unanimous consent then to ndopt.
If we iecede from our amendment, I have this
joint resolution, which C will present on the first
opportunity.
Mr. MANGUM I very much hope that it
will be the sense of the Senate to recede from its
amendment, "ihis work should be going on: and
there is no probability that the House will ever
agiec- to th it amendment. All my information is
derived fn m the newspapers, where I find that
the vote was so overwhelming thatitis impossible
to entertain the suspicion foi a moment that the
limine wii! lwrdo fiom its disagreement. I hope
we shall ir'vde from the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I have occupied so much of
the time of the Senate upon this question, that I
shall trouble them but a short time now. But
there are some considerations connected with this
bill, or with the amendment now before us, which
occur to me, and which f feel n my duty to pre-
sent.
As has been said of some other bills that have j
. been Jaefore the Senate, to speak against this is, I
, indeed, in my opinion, speaking against a ik fore- ;
gone conclusion." It is one ot that class of bills !
1 which always passes, and always will pass. 1 j
1 had no hope that anything I could say m opposi- :
tion to it, from the beginning, would have had ;
any influence towards defeating it. My object j
! was, however, as it was my right, and, as I think, !
my duty, to put upon the record the opinions and !
, views 1 entertain upon the subject, and let them
go before the country—at least before that portion
of it which I represent.
In the several contests which have marked the
1 course of my life, I have always thought, and
often said, it was exceedingly unwise and impol-
i, itic to "knock my head against a stone wall."
Sir, the contest 1 have lmd with this bill has not
tended to change this opinion. I have, indeed, m
this instance, " knocked my head aaainst a stone
, wall.55
! Mr. WELLER. Knock the wall down.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 wish i could. But I have
I been unable to knock it down with the poor means
jj at my command upon this floor. But, although
j the strength of my head has not been sufficient to
,i knock down these walls, I have no doubt what-
j) ever that, with no aid to the hands and arms
II which nature has given me, I have muscular
h power (though I am of a small and feeble person)
11 to displace and remove every stone from thefoun-
dation of these two wings of the Capuoi. Tins is
i my opinion, and there are others—men of high
ij intelligence and experience—who agree with me.
i I mention it to indicate my opinion of this work
i as a piece of masonry, and especially as a founda-
; tion for buildings of such si/,e as it is proposed to
| erect upon it.
But this view of the subject has been sufficiently
1 presented here. It has availed nothing, and will
i' avail nothing. There is something stronger than
the stone walls behind the walls, against which
I such considerations never have, and never can
avail. For the present, at least, I give it up. But
[l I desire to say a few words tipon the particular
II question now before the Senate. It is. whether
we shall adhere to or recede from that provision
\] we adopted injustice to the laboring man5
;j In the first stages of this measure'hefore the two
ji Houses of Congress, we heard much, and read
j| much, about the poor laborer out of employment
j! and starving—aye, sir, .slarving; and our galleries
\ \ were filled with them for argument, to get up this
bill, and hasten its passage. Yes, sir, this was
the array of the advocates of the hill: while its
opponents were denounced as enemies to the la-
boring man, withholding from the mouths of Ins
starving wife and children the absolute necessaries
of subsistence. But, sir, how stands the matter
now? Now that the appeal has been ^u.vessful—
now that the poor laborer has been made use of
! to serve a purpose—now that the h.il lias been
taken up, and it is found thai it can p<iss without
the help of the poor laborer—he in forgotten, and
: cast aside—his wife may stnrve, his children may
i cry for bread, and these good friends of his are
i blind to his wnnrs, and dear" m hi.< claims; while
| we, who were once called his enemies and oppress-
1 ors, are now denounced, on the other hand, for
1 obstructing a great public work, because we main-
tain the claims of the same laboring man—claims
whose justice, but three days ago, was acknowJ
edged by the Senate. In tins view, sir, the prac-
tical question before us is, shall we withhold this
well-earned bread from the mouths of these poor
, men, in order to pour half a million of dollars into
the already gorged pockets of those who, already
rich, would multiply their gains by coining into
money the tod, and sweat, and misery of these
! poor laboring men?
That is the question we have ti dsiide: and I
1 desire to put myself at least right in regard to it,
■ and to let it be seen, upon the record of veas and
■ nays, where thosegentlemen who were so consid-
, erate of the poor laboring man in the beginning,
when something was to be gained by using them,
and whose conduct, m contrast v>nh oms, was
I held up to th'e country as such bright examples of
i propriety, and justice, and humanity, <a,md now,
; and where we stand. I want it to be seen who is
' for taking care of the laboring man, and who is
, not; who is for recognizing his claims upon the
■ justice and humanity of Congress, and who is for
t repudiating those claims; who is for still further
paying money into the pockets of speculators, and
who is for withholding it when, in my opinion,
there is no public necessity or propriety for its
appropriation. Let the vote be taken, and let the
people judge.
The proposition is to recede from the amend-
ment to the joint resolution which provides pay-
! ment for those laboring men, who have been
I brought from their homes and employment in
| other cities by promises of constant work, and
; kept here under promises and expectations held
out to them that they would be provided for if
I they remained. And in support of the proposition,
! I understand it has been represented that these
poor men have withdrawn all pretensions to this
! claim; that they are perfectly willing that this
amendment should be stricken out of the bill, and
; the appropriation bemadcforcontinuing the work,
i without making them any allowance at all for the
, time they have been induced to remain here, and
! almost compelled to lose. I have good reason for
saying that this is not so; that they have not with-
■ drawn that claim, and never will, as, in my opm-
j ion, they never ought. To recede from the amend-
1 ment, will not only not be m accordance with their
; wishes or their feelings, but in opposition to both,
; as it will be destructive of their hopes of relief,
j The superintendents of the work—those who have
, brought these poor men here, with false promises,
I and kept them here upon delusive expectations—
. these are the individuals who are now for casting
1 off then- dupes and their victims, and setting them
' adrift upon the world, without a dollar to pay the
■ debts which they were compelled to contract to get
bread for their own mouths and those of their
i wives and children. These are the individuals
who are willing—nay, urge us—to recede from
the amendment. No wonder. They have received
their own compensation all the while, whether em-
ployed or not, and are to continue to rcceive it.
They aie therefore willing and desirous to remove
all the obstacles out of the way of their own inter-
est, no matter upon whom the hardship shall fall.
No wonder. I repeat—no wonder! How charac-
teristic or him who speculates upon the necessities
of the laboring poor ! Kindness of look and of
voice, and loud professions of sympathy forwnnt,
until the poor dupe is converted into use! But
■ the moment after he has been used, and is no
. longer useful for the particular end m view—and
especially if he stands m the way of another end
1 —he is repulsed with insult, cast aside in scorn,
and, if occasion require, even trampled under foot.
Mr. President, I will read a communication I
received this morning from a number of these poor
men:
Washington, Jlpril 12, 185*2.
Snt: The undersigned, stonc-ma*oiu> and laboiers who
have been induced to come to tins city iioiu vauous part*
of the country for tho puiposu ol obtaining work upon the
I externum of the Capitol; who have been induced to come
. here in compliance with the reouest of the Government, a«
1 com.unul ni advutwment.-. in the newspapers published
u. tin1 ntv or' \Tew Yoik and H-'ewlnve; who, having ob-
tained v c.rk dunny the last reason, were t'mthei induced to
i brin? on our families, or make anangenierits to abide here
; p< mianontly, a-'d that at the expenditure in many instances,
, ol all our available mean* ; who have, in compliance with
the above-enumerated leasons, and for want of due addi-
tion.!] njjpiopi latiuMsby Cons*ie>f to cairj on the work,been
; without employment since itv Hi-.pension ; who, m con e-
| nuenre of the lo.-s ol wa-ies sustained by us on account of
the refusal t.  «ive us employment, aie no>v destitute among
, f'cr.tnirris, ,iad without crodn -have had the stiil further
; mortification to \v!tne-> the latlute in the lower Hou.-e of
[ Oonjuebs of the hill r"muneiam.£ u? lor this loss of tune
: We ate at a h-s-s to know wiial cour.-e it in thej become?
; us to pursue Oui onh hop.' is tbntoui fncnd<—the fnends
i1 of the laborer—who oceu;n positions of influence will !eni
;, us then* aid.
M We titffCiV.iP apperl tovou, nrd your good officer
)!! D'tl ofj!l--!'.0l' arm ilUHtaillt\.
"Void's, most respectfully.
(Ton. N'ilon Borland, TJmIc'i States Senate,
Many of these men I know are m a state or
utter destitution. Some of them have had the
.-very beds takfn from under their wives and clul-
'.iren, find wold lnth? market-place i.o purchase the
nipdiis of Uvins". Dnrini;- the snspension of the
work, they have bad to iaour dehts "which they
aie iKur utterly unable to satisfy; nnd unless thev
obtain these means, they will be turned out of
house and home, without money, without a change
' of clothes, and without food. This, sir, added to
their own simple, modest, and to my heart, most
touching letter, makes up my appeal to the Senate
foi justice and humanity to these poor men. Let
; it pass for what it, may be worth, I have no more
ii to say.
