1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
country, and occupies no unimportant part in the
printed reports and communications of executive
officers to the two branches of Congress. -It is
one of the most important of all our western
waters. There is not a traveler-from the East to
St. Louis, or to any part of the inferior of the
West, whether he travel.down the Ohio and up the
Mississippi, or by the northern lake route, who
does not take-.this river in his-route, either going
or returning. • .
Tn a speech which' I made in April last before
this House, I exhibited" some statistical facts
showing- the importance ,of this, stream. I then
showed, what seemed to.surprise some members
of the House, that the-trade and transportation
upon this river was greater than that upon either
the Missouri or Upper Mississippi. I showed
that the number of arrivals at the city of St. Louis
of steamboats.from the Illinois was greater than
from the Upper or Lower Mississippi, the Mis-
souri, or the Ohio; and that of thestaple articlesof
wheat, corn, &c., the amount transported on this
river in the direction of New Orleans and by the
northern lakes, was considerably greater. I men-
tion this, not to disparage the Missouri and Upper
Mississippi, for the amounts appropriated to them
by this bill are too small, and they ate-each de-
serving of larger appropriations than theHHnois
river, because they are longer, their obstructions
are greater, and their navigation far more perilous
and difficult.
But, sir, we are not without the highest sanc-
tions in favor of the nationality of this stream.
The Government of the United States, acting upon
the'proper assumption, after the usual surveys,
that this connection between the lakes and the
Mississippi was a great national thoroughfare,
made a handsome grant of lands to the State of
Illinois for the construction of that magnificent
work, the Illinois and Michigan- canal. It also
caused a survey and plans and estimates, of the
Illinois river to be made, and on the 6th March,
1838, Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary of War, com-
municated to the Senate, in obedience to a resolu-
tion calling for "the same, the report of the Topo-
graphical Bureau of Engineers, showing, at length,
the national character of the stream, its capacity,
obstructions, and plans for its improvement. I
shall call the attention of the committee to a few
extracts from that report:
"Tn an agricultural, commercial, as well as a military
point of view, the Illinois liver is destined to occupy an
important rank amongst the rivers of the We t. Embiaeiug
in the arm* ot its piuicipal tributaues, the southern shores
ot' Lake Michigan, it traverses more than two thirds of the
State of Illinois from north to pouth, and waters, by its
branches, more than halt'its width, an extent of country
uniivaled for the fertility of its soil, perhaps, m the woi Id."
'' By means of the Illinois and Michigan canal (less than
one hundied miles in length) its waters will he united with
those of lake Michigan, thus completing the connection of
the internal navigation of the country liom New Yoik to
New Oleam."
" In a military point of view, the uninterrupted naviga-
tion of tins river cannot be overlooked, as it will uffoid
facilities foi the transportation of tioops and munitions of
wai with certainty and celerity, and will enable the Govern-
ment, should it at any time become necessaiy, to concen-
tiate upon the frontier, with rapidity and ea«e, anv amount
of force, while, at the same time, the capacity of the valley
of the stream to furnish supplies tor their use is unbound-
ed."
Upon the subject of the capacity of the stream,
the report says:
"When compared with other streams m the West, the
Illinois, even in jte ptesent unimproved State, is superior
to mo-?t of them in the depth of its waters. The improve
mentofthe Tennessee contemplates, at the utmost, the
attainment of a depth of only twenty-four inches, and that
of the Ohio, between Pitt>bur«f and Wheeling, a depth of
thirty inches; whilst the Illinois m its natural state lias at
no time (with the exception of two or three bars) a less
depth than two teet, and that only m extremely dry seasons,
and foi a short period in midsummer."
As to the obstructions, the report remarks:
"The Illinois river, fiom Peiu to its mouth, flows over
a bottom of sand and alluvial matter with a current so very
gentle and uniform as to cause but a few hours' difference
in the tune occupied by steamboatsm ascending or descend-
ing its stream, an estimated distance of two hundred and
fittv miles." * * * * "The distinctions
consist entiiely of bars, formed for the mo«t pait by the de-
posit of sand and alluvial matter brought down by the trib-
utary f-tieams, and in some cases by the widening of the
bed ot the rivci itself." * * * * * "A few
logs and snag* aie here and there to be found, but the ob-
struction fiom this cause is much less than in other fresh-
water streams. No danger is apprehended fiom them, as
they retain their positions from year to vear, and being few
in number, and their localities peifectly known, they are
easily avoided."
The report, after referring to several plans for
removing-these obstructions,adopts thefollowing,
which, in my opinion, is the best:
-- " The only plan which-is likely to prove of any advan-
tage is the~second one proposed, viz: To excavate chan-
nels. through the bars, and that only to a limited extent.
This mode" is believed to be -peculiarly,adapted to this
ri^er, as the deposits form very slowly, in consequence of
the alluvial matter brought down by the current being un-
usually small." / ,
^ * * * * "V
*" The,plan recommended is, to purchase a dredging ma-
chine, t© be constantly employed during tire summer,
'months, first in excavating channels through the bars," and
afterwards in keeping open the passages thus formed. It
is believed that a depth of three feet would amply accom-
modate any probable amount of transportation upon the
liver; and from the fact that two feet water is already
found (save on one or two bars) an excavation of one foot
in depth, and in many cases ot six' inches only, would
effect this object."
Now, Mr. Chairman, here is a navigable river,
one of the greatest of our national thoroughfares,
and it is believed that "an appropriation of $59-,000
will render it permanently navigable for years to
come, at all seasons of the year. . Now, sir, for
two or three months in the year- its navigation is
obstructed, except for boats of the very smallest
size, which work their way over these bars with
great difficulty and after long detentions. At this
very time, from the mouth of the river to its
source, steamers and canal boatsjn great numbers
are aground, unable to proceed on their journeys.
Now, you willobserve thatno Representative from
the West has proposed to reduce the appropria-
tions for the benefit of the East. We do not conyi-
plam of them. They are necessary and proper.
We only propose to increase in a proper ratio the
number and amount of the appropriations for ne-
cessary objects in the West. It is but poor en-
couragement to western members to vote millions
for the benefit of the East and for the protection
of foreign commerce, while, for the want of small
appropriations, we are compelled to see millions
of dollars'worth of western agricultural produc-
tion obstructed in their way to market. I do con-
fess, sir, I shall be very loth to support this or
any bill which makes such distinctions against
the W est,
I hope to see the bill properly amended; and
when it is so amended, I shall support it most
cheerfully. And I shall support it for reasons
very different from those which influenced gentle-
m.en on the other side of this House, whose plat-
form says they are opposed to a general system of inter-
nal improvements. J shall support it because it is
a general system of internal improvements. We
cannot do without a general system, and at the
same time do justice to all parts of the country.
What is a general system? I call that a'general
system which appropriates for the Atlantic coast,
and for the lakes and rivers m every section, ac-
cording to their absolute necessity, and having a
due regard to economy. Look at your broad ex-
tent of territory, your extended coast, your great
lakes, and your Mississippi and its tributaries, all
requiring the fostering hand and support of the
Government. Two millions of dollars, properly
expended, would be no great burden on the
Treasury; it would revive your commerce; it
would start the West upon a new tide of pros-
perity ;it would stimulate the enterprise and in-
dustry of the whole country, and the Government
would have accomplished one of the objects of its
creation, the promotion of the good of the people.
Our commerce has floated over snags long enough;
our citizens have found watery graves m our west-
ern rivers long enough, in carrying out your nar-
row platforms, your straight-jacketed construc-
tions, and your salt-water abstractions. We are
called upon by every consideration—the saving of
hundred of lives and millions of property annu-
ally destroyed, cheapness and expedition in get-
ting to market, exemption from heavy insurances,
and by every consideration of the general welfare,
to pass at this session a river and harbor bill, lib-
eral in its provisions to every section of our com-
mon country-
Mr. NABERS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. It occurs to me, Mr. Chairman, that the
progress of the debate upon the general merits of
this bill, so far, ought to convince every candid
member of this committee that the system contem-
plated is improper. But why r Simply because
it seems we can never determine what is a national
work, or what is a local one. There is the diffi-
culty. Every gentleman appears to argue that
his particular river, or his particular harbor is
a national river or harbor; but not'so with" the
rest. - " ■ .
Again, sir, gentlemen, are' advdeaiipg -this "bill
-upon the Democratic side'of the- House.?. Jitod t
will take-occasioh to say that I have.ho purpose-
of delivering a lecture here.. .They ^telL iis.that"
while they are in favor of this bill^ they.tffe^fc
the same time opposed .to a.general system'of im-
provements. ' Now, I wish some.of thejft to stell
me if this b.e not'a system, what is a'system*?' If
this bill be.not a system of improvepiefits, what-is
it? • ' r
Mr. BROOKS. * I rise to a ^ointof order.-The
proposition under consideration is to'jnake an ap-
propriation forthe Illinoisand Cumberland rivers,
which it is the duty of the gentleman 'from Mis-
sissippi to .oppose, whereas he is discussing the
question pf internal improvements. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the re-
marks of the'gentleman in order as opposing &ny
appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. But it is his duty to oppose
this particular one.
The CHAIRMAN-; Opposing all appropria-
tions is .opposing this specjfic one. -
Mr, BROOKS/ We have had discussion of
the general principlefbefore, arid it is utterly im-
possible to get 'through with the bill in this way.
Mr. NABERS. I am very 'much obliged' to
the chairman and. committee. As I madeno allu-
sion to New York, I had supposed the gentleman
would not have raised his point of order. I have
no hostility to New York, or to'any'other State;
but 1 was trying to ascertain, if I'could, if this
bill does not propose a system of internal improve-
ments. What am I to understand by a system ?
Perhaps 1 cannot illustrate my meaning better
than by an anecdote. Mark you, I tell it not for
amusement, but for the purpose of making the
committee understand my exact meaning, and of '
adding to the standard literature of the day.
[Laughter.]
Gentlemen think that while they favor this bill
they are against a general system of improve-
ments". Well, sir, a colored gentleman in my
region of country became intoxicated on very bad
whisky. The next morning he swore that he
would never drink another dram. The next op-
portunity that offered, he answered: " I havesajd
that I never would take another dram, but stop—
I believe' I will take two or three swallows!"
[Laughter.] Now, I submit to this committee,
whether, if this bill does not propose a general
system of internal improvements,.it does not take
two or three swallows in that .direction ? [Re-
newed laughter.] It is absurd to talk in that way.
Again, if gentlemen are opposed to a general sys-
tem of improvements, should not the very same
process of reasoning which induces them to op-
pose a general System induce them to oppose a
partial oner I ask with what consistency gentle-
men can oppose a general, impartial, equitable
system of internal improvements, and yet go for
one that is partial in every feature?
Gentlemen have been exceedingly guarded in
getting up this bill. They have informed us<that
they have guarded against any infringement of the
Constitution of the United States. We would be
led to infer from the general tenor of their obser-
vations upon. this bill, that they have fixed the
Constitution precisely-in the midst of the heavens,
and that they fear if it were let go to one side or
the other, the universe might be upset. But, sir,
I ask any candid man to tell me why, if it be thus
fixed in the center, its rays fall partially ? Why
does it not shine equally upon every portion of
the Confederacy ? It does not do so. While its
light concentrates with almost killing force in
some particular localities, in others all is dark as
midnight.
The question was then "taken upon Mr. Yates's
amendment, (Messrs. Chandler and Molony
acting as tellers,) and- there were—ayes 63, noes
G6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I offer the following
amendment:
For a survey of the Allegany river from Pittsburg to Olean
Point, with a view for further improvements. §30,000.
The Aliegany river takes its rise m the State of
New York, runs into Pennsylvania, flows back
again into the State of New York, and at last
finds its way into the Ohio. • It is the Ohio at
Pittsburg, and therefore, if it does not wash three
