1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1058
The question being taken on receding from the J: Then the honorable Senator from Tennessee can !
Senate s amendment, which providedfor the pay- j! get an opportunity to address the Senate. It is I
ment of the laborers during* the time they have
been unemployed, it resulted—yeas 30, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Mews. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Boll, Ber-
nen, Bradbury, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Douglas, I* eleh, Fish, Geyer, Cwin, Hamlin, Hunter. King,
Mangum, Miller, Morton, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Underwood, and Upliam—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Hale, James,
Jones of Iowa, Norris, Rusk, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and
Welier—16.
So the Senate receded from its ameivlment.
Mr. HALE, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Rcpime$eiitalives of
the United States of *.imerictiin Conzreis, assembled. That n ,
the architect appointed by the President of the United > these circumstances, I hope that an opportunity
true, that some days ago this day was assigned
; to take up these resolutions on non-intervention; '
. but the spoliation bill was made the special order ;
: at a much earlier period, and is entitled to priority, i
| Mr. CLARKE. I think there will be no m-
: convenience to the honorable Senator from Michi- 1
gan [Mr. Felch] if my motion prevails. The !
I observations he has to make he has, probably, so '
perfectly at command, that he will have no diffi- j
, culty in presenting them to-morrow as well as to-
' day. To-day was assigned for the consideration ■
j of these resolutions. The honorable Senator from ;
' Tennessee has had possession of the floor for !
| some time, and has yielded it on several occasions. |
; At this moment he is prepared to go on, and we '
are prepared to bear him. In consideration of
States to supeuntend the work m the construction of the
additions to the Capitol, be, and he is hereby authotized to
examine the claims of the workmen to indemnity for the
loss of their tune during the s,u*pen$ion of th« work upon
said additions, for tin> want ot an appropriation ; and that
the said architect allow to said workmen, respectively, as
were suspended from labor dumunhe pendency of the joint
resolution making such appropriation, with the eneoiuaae-
ment that upon said appropriation being made, their labor
would again be required by the Government, and who in-
termediately had no opportunity of obtaining employment
in the city of Washington, such reasonable indemnity for
loss of wages for labor during the suspension of the work,
as, under the circumstance^ of their respective cases, jus-
tice and equity may roquue; not exceeding, however, in
any case, tiie average rate of the earnings of said workmen
m the employment of the Government for a like preceding
period of time.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a petition of Thomas G. Clinton, praying
will be accorded to the honorable Senator to pro
ceed at once. In that case he will get through
early, and the consideration of these resolutions !
will not be again pressed on the Senate so as to !
interfere with other business. I trust, that the '
Senate will accede to the request.
Mr. BRAOBCJKY. I call for the yeas and ]!
nays. !
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. 1 have certainly never witnessed ;
an instance of this kind before. After the deter- j
ruination which has been manifested by so great
a number of gentlemen to take up the French
spoliation bill, it would be utterly discourteous in '
me to press any claims, which I may appear to 1
have, to the attention of the Senate. 1 hava, how- >
ever, sat silent a long time. I was willing, in the !
first instance, that this subject should be postponed
that the reasons winch influenced, the chief exam- I for ten days, in order that the apportionment bill
iner of the Patent Office to grant E. S. Renwick a
patent in 1850; for an invention identical with one
for which a patent was refused William Wheeler 1
in 1847 and 1848, be required of the Patent Office; ;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents j
and the Patent Office.
and the deficiencies bill, and one or two other im-
portant measures, should be taken up and dis-
posed of, thinking that these bills might be disposed
of in that time; but that not being done, I waited
ten days longer. With any will or disposition
to address the Senate on this question, it appears
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Susan ,'i to me that personal respect for myself would re-
Campbell, asking for a pension; which was re- ,! quire that I should not yield. The honorable
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Isaac fiou^tou, on the file?
of the Senate. b« t elerred to the Committee on the Po^t Of-
fice and Pobt Roads.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Purs-
er T. P. McBlair, asking to be allowed credit for
certain payments to forward officers of the steam-
ship Princeton, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was rend, and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
ST. GENEVIEVE PLANK HO AD.
The engrossed bill, to grant the right of way to
the St. Genevieve, Iron Mountain, and Pilot Xvnob
Plank Road Company, was read a third time and
NON-INTERVENTION.
Senator from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] pressed me
privately to yield. 1 told him that I was awk-
wardly situated; that I was in a ridiculous posi-
tion if, thinking ilofany importance that I should
address the Senate on this subject, I should yield.
The honorable Senator from Maine postponed the
taking up of the French spoliation bill until yes-
terday, the very day before the day fixed for the
consideration of the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode island. In regard to these non-interven-
tion resolutions, and the remarks I had to make in
regard to them, 1 referred it to the judgment of
the Senate when they should be taken up for con-
sideration, because l'supposed that it would make
no material difference to me when I addressed the
Senate. 1 was as well prepared three weeks ago
as I am now; but, after the manifestation of gen-
tlemen m regard to taking up the French spolia-
tion bill, I feel that I must yield; and, in doing
so, I give my heartfelt thanks to the Senator from
Rhode Island for his endeavois to call up this
subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. J am satisfied that the Senator
Mr. CLARKE. I move the postponement of i from Tennessee is mistaken m the vote which has
•' ' ' just been taken on the call for the yeas and nays.
My impression is, that in using to sustain the call
for the yeas and nays, the desire of Senators is,
to assign the floor to the honorable Senator from
Tennessee; because I do not believe that there is
a.iv Senator who will vote against amotion which
is uniformly conceded as an act of courtesy.
There is no Senator on tins floor more uniformly
courteous than the Senator from Tennessee. He
has deferred making his remarks from day today,
until to-day—the day which the Senate assumed
him for the purpose; and I real!}' am astonished
and surprised that my friend from Maine should
have asked for the yeas and nays, on the motion
to take up these resolutions.
Air. Vv ELLER. I am somewhat surprised at
the ground upon which tiie honorable Senator >
from Msine places his opposition to taking up th® '
non-intervention resolutions to-day. It will be
•ecollected that on Thursday last, in order to ac-
all prior orders of business, that the joint resolu-
tions, which I had some time since the honor to
present, on the subject of non-intervention, and
which were assigned for consideration to-day, and
upon which the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Bell] has the floor, may now be taken
up.
Mr. CASS. That will place my colleague [Mr.
Felch] in an awkward position, for he got half
through his speech yesterday, and yielded the floor
for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I have been in similar nrcum- |
stances for two months.
Mr. CASS. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina does not mean to intimate that that should ,
be a precedent to us all, and that we should be so ,
long hatching an eeg as that. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that this motion ;
will not prevail. It will be recollected that the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Felch] ■
has not concluded his speech, and it is my wish
that we may go on with the bill that was under
consideration yesterday, and sit till we get a final
vote on it. Let us decide one question at a time. •
curring in an amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole on the apportionment bill, to enable
the Senator from Louisiana to submit an amend-
ment, with the understanding that the discussion
upon that bill had closed. Yesterday, it came up
in its regular order again. It was still unfinished
business; but the Senator from Maine [Mr. Brad-
bury] then insisted that the French spoliation bill
should be taken up, notwithstanding the effect
would be to postpone theapportionmentbilL And
now, after the apportionment bill has thus been
driven over~—I do not know how long—to-day,
when the time has arrived—a time which was
fixed ten days ago—for the consideration of the
subject upon which the Senator from Tennessee
has the floor, the Senator from Maine demands
| that we shall proceed with the French spoliation
1 bill. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] is
[ right, when he suggests that I desire to record my
j vote against the proposition of the Senator from
' Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.]
Mr. BRADBURY. ThehonorableSenatorfrom
Illinois [Mr. Shields] remarked that he was sur-
prised that I should insist on proceeding with the
orders of the day. If the honorable Senator had
attended to the course of the discussion, I think he
would have withheld that expression of surprise.
Yesterday was assigned for the consideration of
the French spoliation bill, and the friends of that
measure did not occupy the floor five minutes; the
honorable Senator from Michigan took the floor
against it; he had proceeded with his speech, but had
not closed when the Senate adjourned, and was
entitled to the floor to-day. His colleague [Mr.
Cass] addressed the Senate, expiessing the hope
that the Senator might be permitted to conclude his
remarks. It was under these circumstances, and
in accordance with the wish expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that
his colleague might be permitted to conclude his
speech commenced yesterday, on a subject which
had been made the special order for to-day, that J
desired the Senate to refuse a postponement for any
other subject. It is under these circumstances that
the honorable Senator from Illinois gives utterance
to the expression of his surprise. It is now more
than two months since the bill, to which I have
[ alluded, was made the special order; but one bill
! after another is pressed on to take the precedence.
1 It is for the Senate to do as it pleases. In appoint-
: mg me chairman of the committee it placed the bill
; in some measure under my charge. It is a subject
■ that my constituents have comparatively little in-
! terestin,andif those Senators, whose constituents
1 are much more deeply interested in the passage of
1 the measure, see fit to have it thrown over to the
j end of the session, I can make no further objec-
; tion. I wish only to do my duty.
j With regard to the honorable Senator from
j Tennessee, I would observe that it was from no
. discourtesy to him that I opposed the motion to
j postpone the special order. I know the uniform
j courtesy and kindness of that distinguished Sen-
; ator, and there is no one to wiiom I would more
; cheerfully render any act of courtesy: but as his
| speech was to be made on a subject of no very
| pressing importance to the country at this moment,
| I hoped he would consent that the Senator from
i Michigan should conclude his remarks. If the
j French spoliation bill is postponed now, 1 do not
I know when it is to come up again.
Several Senators. To-morrow! To-morrow •
| Mr. CASS. I fully accord with all that has
1 been said by the Senator from Illinois in regard to
the courtesy which is due to the Senator from
Tennessee. No member of this body is more uni-
formly courteous than that Senator: and in ex-
pressing the hope that my colleague might be
allowed to finish his remarks, I had not the most
remote idea of exhibiting any discourtesy. How-
ever, 1 would simply remark that my colleague
commenced his speech yesterday on the French
spoliation bill, and gave way to the motion of the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Makoum] to
adjourn, and he was entitled, on every principle
of courtesy, and by uniform practice, to go on
to-day.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
says that he gave way. So he did, voluntarily;
but nobody would have stopped him. Is it, there-
commodate "the "honorable Senator lrom Louisi- j fore, surprising that I should have lisen to
ana, [Mr. Downs,] I made a motion, which he ! that my colleague should be allowed logo on with
was precluded from makin;
minority, to
as he had voted in the-j his speech? Such a thing as a refusal in an m-
reconsider a vote in the Senate con- jj stance of this kind has never happened befoie.
