1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
States, it washes two States three times, and, of
course, comes within the constitutional rule South.
[Laughter.] An appropriation for this river, I
consider, then, as germane to this bill. The com-
mittee will see, if they will listen to what 1 say,that
the appropriation I ask has as much merit as any
one provided for in the bill. A.' canal runs from
Rochester, m the interior of me State of New,
York to Olean Point, connecting* with the river at
that place. From Olean to the point where the
Allegany meets the Monongabela—and the two
form the Ohio—the distance is about two hundred
and twentyrmles." All I desire is, that a survey
for improvements should be made. A steamboat
ascended this river three miles above Olean Point
more than eighteen years ago. About six months
in a year steamboats ply-regularly-for the distance
of one hundred and thirty miles upon that nver,
and for three months in a year adtstance of about
two hundred miles; and it would be capable of
plying the whole year between Pittsburg and
Olean in case the proper improvements were made.
AH we ask for at this time is a survey, in order
to see what improvements can be made.
I will state that, about twelve or fifteen years
ago, a survey was ordered by this Government,
with the view of improving this river. A survey
was made with great care, and at reasonable ex-
pense, of course, and a favorable report was made
to Congress in regard to this improvement, but
nothing was done. The report and the suivey j
have been lost or mislaid, and now we can get no j
trace of them at all. It is f->r this reason that we i
ask for this appropriation of $20,000 to have a re-
survey, with the view of improving it hereafter,
if in the wisdom of this Government? it should be
thou/ht proper to do so. I am for a general sys-
tem of internal improvements, and I am a Demo-
crat in that, respect. [Laughter.] I am for a
general system of internal improvements of all
rivers, with which I stand immediately connected,
[laughter:] which is the case with most mem-
bers. I think that no one will dispute this. New
York and Ohio are interested, as well as Pennsyl-
vania, in this improvement, and so are the"whoie
United States, because this river is the great con-
necting: link between the waters of the Atlantic and
the Gulf of Mexico, and it would be the most di-
rect route, if it was improved, by which you could
go from New York to New Orleans at any seas*
of the year. It may be improved so that at all
seasons it would be navigable for steamboats of
some two hundred or three hundred tons burden.
It is so in its natural state, except in a dry time,
when the bottom of the river rises too near the
surface of the water. [Laughter.]
Mr. GfDDLVGS. I would like to inquire
whether the gentleman really believes that this is
a work which is general and national, according
to the Whig resolutions?
Mr. HOWE. I am confident that it is accord-
ing to both platforms, i should say according to
the letter of one, and the construction put upon
the other, fLaughter.]
Mr. GIDDSNG-S. 1 hope that we may soon
get to ?i vote tipitu this bill; and I will say to niv
friend fmm Pennsylvania, [Mr. FIowk.] that I
shall spe.ik against tins appropriation. Ir isproh
able, within a few months, at the next session of
Congress, that we shall pass another bill for the
improvement of our rivers and harbors, and be-
fore it be possible for us to expend, in a proper
minner, the moneys appropriated by this hill. I
contemplate that we shall have another bill fo sup-
ply the deficiency. We have had, in my district,
bin one appropriation in fourteen years, and that
was merely for repairs. In diffusing among the
people of our country the benefit of commerce,
we have been niggardly in m king appropriations
from the public Treasury, while we have squan-
dered $200,000,000 to keep our Army and Navy,
for no other purpose than to kill, destroy, arid
butcher mankind. We have, in times past, and
are now standing here and contending against
giving to the people the prosperity wlvch this bill
would carry to them. I am not a little astonished
at the tenacity with which every attempt to appro-
priate moneys for the benefit of the United States
is opposed, while every attempt to squander the
funds in any other direction is met promptly,and
our treasure is poured out profusely. Let me say
here that the estimates in my district have been
cut down more than in any other part of the
Union; but I ask for no additional appropriation, :
unless it be to repair, in one instance, these works.
I am anxious to see a wise and liberal system of
internal improvements commenced, established,
and. put m successful operation. Now, let us be-
gin, and let,us adhere to the committee; for "they
nave given this subject great consideration. They
have,-in" my opinion, acted according to their best
judgment, although* I wi^h they had appropriated
douole the amount to these objects that they have
appropriated. . *
The question was then taken'on Mr. Howe's
amendment,.$nd it was rejected.
'M-tvRlCHARDSON;o|Fered the following as
an amendment t^ the amendment:
For the, improvement of the navigation of the Illinois
■and Cumberland-rivers, $9U,0U0; of &aid auiuutu,
ot so muili tfiereo.'as in«iy be neeeo&ary, to be expended
upon each ot&sud rivers.
Mr. Chairman, there is not in my road the con-
stitutional difficulty that lies in the way of some
gentlemen who have expressed their opinions be-
fore this commute, in regard to the powers of
this Government. I hold that we have the consti-
tutional power to make a road, to use and improve
one already made, to make a canal or improve one
ah eddy made, to improve the navigation of a river
wherever it is necessary to transport mails, troops,
munitions of war, oi Uiesupphcsol"* provisions foi
those troops.- In other words, we can do any of
these things wh^re it is for the use of Government;
and it is clearly constitutional, in my judgment.
It is wholly immaterial whether that river runs
through two, three, or a dozen States, oris wholly
within a single Siate.
Tne amendment I propose most clearly comes
within the class of cases I have laid down. I pro-
pose to give $45,0110 to improve the Illinois river.
That stream is one of the links in the chain of
communication between the Atlantic sea-board and
the valley of the Mississippi. The arms that aie
used on our western frontier have of necessity to
be carried upon it. A large portion of the provis-
ion for the troops is carried there. The mails
are or should be transported upon it. During the
war with Mexico troops were carried upon it,and
both in war and peace the Government -interest
requires the improvement of that river. In high
water the entire stream for three hundred miles is
one of the best for navigation, inlow water theie
are three or four obstructions which can be re-
moved at a small expense, and these being removed
the nver would at all times be the very best for
navigation of any in the United States. It is most
certainly true that commerce would lie greatly
benefited by this improvement. The products for
transportation are nowhere so great as along the
banks of that river. It traverses lor its whole
extent the richest and most ferule country that
the sun shines upon, settled by an enterprising and
industrious people.
Gentlemen who have preceded me in this de
bate" have characterized this bill as sectional. Sir,
it is eminently so. The bill proposes to give
$50,000 to improve the Hudson river, after over ,
^3O0,0u0 has been expended by this Government 1
heretofore for the same object—a river that has
now no obstrui lions, only navigable one bundled
and sixty miles, with a railroad along its banks
its entiie length; and nothing to the Illinois, navi-
gable over three hundred miles, with all the claims
and reasons I have stated.
it l* true, the bill gives something to the Mis-
sissippi nver*, but only enough to send agents out '
to make connacts, buy boats, and exhaust the 1
sum fo favoiites—not enough to do anything to j
improve that river, or any oiher West. The bill |
is eminently Atlantic and eastern. -The western !
rivers, upon whose bosoms flout four times m i
value all our foreign commerce, sets by this bill j
less than $400,000, while the East takes, in her j
modesty, only a little over $1,000,000.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that i had no con-
stitutional difficulties in supporting a fair and just
bill, to carry out the objects necessary and proper
to be carried out iti improvements. The bill now
under consideration 1 regard as a better one than
the one presented two years ago. It is better only
in a few particulars; it leaves out a few improve-
ments east that had no claims under any circum-
stances to be improved; itleavesouttheappropria-
tions for the improvements of some towns that
were in the bill one or two years ago. In other
particulars it is very objectionable. The appro-
priation for the improvement of the rapids of the
Mississippi is.not enough by full one half. It is
of no importance and no benefit lo the Govern-
ment or the people to appropriate enough to set
ready.to go to work upon the rapids, and the ap-
propriation" is just about enough to fouyboatp,
&c., to begin the work, and .pot enough to do
anything more. I concur with "my colleague,
[Mr. Bissell,] that it needs many amendments.
Mr. CLEVELAND I am desirous of calling
the attention of the committee to the opposition
which I shall make to .the amendment of the g^n-
ileman from Illinois; but I am more anxious to
call the attention of the country, and especially of
the Democratic party, to. it. The people of this
country are a reading people, arid they will see
that gentlemen have already urged upon, the com-
mittee millions of dollars of appropriations that
should have been provided for, as they claim, in
this bill, and before we get through it will be,
millions upon millions.
Now, some gentlemen say that this is not a
general internal improvement bill; but, sir, no man
can be so willfully blind, or so blinded by politi-
cal prejudices, or by a desire for victory at the
coming election, as not to see that this is but the
entering wedge, and that it will ultimately, if per-
sisted in, drain the Treasury of hundreds and
hundreds of millions of dollars. There is no way
to escape it. Log-rolling is a common p actice in
this House, and there is no way in which it is
possible to guard against it, if the Democratic
party incorporate this Whig policy of internal im-
provements by the General Government into its
creed. Gentlemen, if they will go back a few
years, will remember, that this was the great and
dividing question' between the two parties of the
country. James K. Polk, when in the presiden-
tial chair, with his clear head, saw the danger there
was to the country from beginning snch a system,
and had the nerve, in imitation of i( Old Hicko-
ry," to set not only his face but his pen against it.
What has been the result? There is not a well-
informed man in America but what knows that
the action of that Democratic President has saved
to this country hundreds of millions of dollars.
Now, Frank Pierce is nominated bv the party that
sustained the course of President Polk, and he is
to be reproached by some of my Democratic
brethren in this House because he is opposed to
this very system.
Mr. JOllN W. IIOW;E. Will the gentleman
let me ask him one question ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I cannot. I have not
time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut will allow me to propound to
him one question ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 must decline, for I de-
sire ro express my views, so far as I can, within
the five minutes allotted to me. In my judgment,
those gentlemen are abandoning the ground on
which the Democratic party have so successfully
stood for years and years, and caving in to Whig-
gerv. for it is caving in, and everybody unrb-r-
stands it so, and there is no use trying.to disguise
it. They may think that the passage of this hill
will end in the coming election of President, hut
they will do it at the expense of the best interests
of the country, and;t)ie entire destruction of the
party. Such may be the result. It would be bet-
ter to go back and take the advice of <• Old Hick-
ory," and James K. Polk—the men who dared to
stand upon the principle that this Government is a
Government of limited powers.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I observe that
the gentleman from Connecticut is quoting Gen-
eral Jackson; I ask him whether he is billing to
abide by the doctrine of Jackson ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I answer that I am. I
was about to say that! am half inclined to try the
experiment that the committee have proposed. I
am free to say I think the committee deserve great
credit for the power of resistance they huve shown.
They have given us a very moderate bill, and I
am tempted to give the country this bill nnd let
them try it. I forewarn the real Democracyof
the country, however, that they may, and I fear
will, find bitter consequences flowing even from
this: but at the same time, I think the Committee
on Commerce deserve credit for not reporting a
bill containing appropriations to the amount of
three, five, or ten millions of dollars, as- will prob-
ably be done at the next session, if this bill passes.
We ought to set our faces against any kind of
