1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
and twenty-one members of the Ohio Legisla-
tuie.
Mr, STANTON. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HUNTER then, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of members of the Ohio
Legislature, in relation to the wire suspension
bridge at Wheeling; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope the gentleman will not
object to my introducing* my bill, and having n
referred.
Mr, STANTON. There are a dozen gentlemen
upon the floor asking the same privilege, and if I
yield to one, I shall have to yield to them all.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr, STANTON, of Tennessee, said: I would
not press upon the consideration of the House,
the bill which comes up this morning, if I were
not impressed with the absolute necessity of some
action upon the. part of the House, to complete
what the Senate has already done in reference to
this matter.
When the subject was up one day last week,
the House was addressed by the gentleman from
Virginia, my colleague upon the Committee on
Naval Affairs, [Mr. Bocock,] who gave so clear
and distinct an exposition of all the questions in-
volved in the bill, that it will be necessary for me
to say butlittie m addition. There are, however,
some things which fell from the hps of the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and also of
the other gentleman from Virginia, who addressed
the House upon this subject, [Mr. Millson,]
which require some notice from rue.
In the first place, it was stated by the gentleman
from the Norfolk district of Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son',] that tins bill was originally presented in the
Senate in a different form, but that it had been
amended in such away by the Commit tee on Naval
Affairs, that he supposed the Senate did not know
what it was when it adopted these amendments
as a substitute, but supposed they were adopting
the original bill. Now, this is a very serious
charge to make against so grave a body as the
Senate of theUnitedStates. It amounts to nothing
more nor less than that the Senate of the United
States did not know what they were about, when
they changed the whole form and substance of
this bill, and sent it to us m its presentform. The
gentleman ought to do justice to that body. I learn
that it is true, that this bill was originally intro-
duced into the Senate as stated by the gentleman
from Virginia, but it is equally true that, by the
unanimous vote of the Committee on Naval Affairs
in the Senate, one of the members of that com-
mittee was instructed to report the amendment,
which gave the bill the form m which it was sent
to this House. The object of the committee was,
I am informed, to present the two plans distinctly
before the Senate, in order that they might know
exactly what they were about, and that they might
then determine between them; not for the purpose
of blinding their eyes, but for the purpose of
opening them, and enabling them to know exactly
what, they were doing. It was for the purpose of
presenting the subject clearly and unequivocally
for their decision. This was done, and the bill
comes here with all the force which follows from
a deliberate investigation, and an intelligent de-
cision upon the part of the Senate of the United
Sates, if that be entitled to any consideration in
this body.
Tiie gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
stated that he should be opposed, under any cir-
cumstances, to giving this high discretional y
power to any single individual, and especially, he
said, to the officers of the Navy of the United
States, not appointed according to merit, but, as
he said, occupying their positions by mere acci-
dent. Well, sir, if the officers of the Navy are
promoted not accoidmgto merit, but by accident,
it is not the fault of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, nor is H the fault of the Senate or House
of Representatives. The power of the President
of the United States to promote officers, or to ap-
point them in that branch of the public service, or
any other, cannot be controlled by either House of
Congress, or by both; because it is a constitu-
tional right of the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to appoint such
officers as he pleases. I know that the system
has grown up. I know that it is the custom upon
the part of the President to appoint officers in the
Army and Navy by seniority. The country
has felt the evil of this system for a long time.
The Naval Committee of this House have made
various attempts to correct it, but, sir, the cor-
rective is entirely within the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States. He is not bound to
appoint officers by seniority; he ought not to ap-
point them by seniority, and- he does not so
appoint them, altogether legardless of qualifica-
tions.
Mr. STUART, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STANTON. I will, of course.
Mr. STUART. Does the gentleman intend to
lay down the principle that it is not within the
power of Congress to establish by law the mode
in which the officers shall be appointed ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I do. Unless the
gentleman can change the Constitution of the
United States, which gives to the Executive that
right, I do not see how he can contend for the
proposition that it is m the power of Congress to
control the appointment of officers on the part of
the President. The Constitution says that—
" The PieMdent shall have power, by ami with the advice
and consent ot the Senate, to make ti'atic.s, provided two
thirds o! the Senatois ptesent concur; and lie shall nomi-
nate, and by and with the advice and consent of thy Senate,
fhall appoint embassadors, other public inumtecs and con-
suls, judges o: the Supreme Cotut, and ail othei officeis of
the Urn ted States, \vho-*e appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which s-liall be cstabli>hed by law ;
but the Congress may b\ law vc-t the appointment of such
inlenor officers as they think propei, m the President alone,
in the court* ot law, or in the heads of Departments "
Mr. STUART. Now, I want to ask the gen-
tleman if he intends to soy that Congress may not
by law define the mode of the selection, and that
they are compelled to leave it to the discretion of
the Executive entirely? Because if he means to
say that, I differ with him.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, Congress has
the power to vest the appointment of inferior
officers in the President alone, or in the Courts,
or in the heads of Departments. But Congress has
not the right, by anything I can see in this Con-
stitution, to prescribe whom the President shall
appoint. Accordingly, the President has always
exercised the power to appoint officers in the Army
and Navy, by seniority, by merit, or altogether to
disregard the whole corps m the service, and take
others not before in the service. And I apprehend
that, by the terms of the Constitution, it would
not be m the power of the Congress of the United
States to control the discretion of the Piesident
in his appointments to office. I believe, so far as
I am concerned, that the officers in the Army and
Navy of the United States ought to be appointed,
partly upon the principle of merit, and partly upon
the principle of seniority. 1 say it would not be
proper altogether to disregard length of service,
where this service had been faithful, and where
the officers are capable and fit for the place. It
would be unusual to disregard such length of ser-
vice, and unjust to do so; at the same time, it would
be equally unjust and injurious to the public ser-
vice to disregard merit.
One of these gentlemen—the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart]—has spoken of a total
revision of the code for the government, of the
Navy- I npreewith him entirelv;and 1 must ad-
mit that the measuie now before the House is but
a partial one, designed to meet a present exigency,
but not going to the whole extent of the difficulty.
I admit, and" contend, as fully as he does, for the ;
absolute necessity of a complete and entire revis- j
ion of the code by which the na>al service is gov- |
erned. And this opinion is not new to myself, or j
to the Naval Committee; for during the last Con-
gress I had the honor to present to this House a j
report, No. 35, in which this sentence is con- j
tained: :
"With regard, howevei, to the naval laws, tiiev are old, ;
and have betm the subject ot complaint—well-founded J
complaint—for many jeais. The attention of Congie^
has frequently boon invited to the .subject. The ' i tiles and
regulations' now in fotce by law foi the government of the .
Navy are old, hatbarous, ravage, and cruel. Since they !
weie enacted, even Suits m the Union has modified and j
altered, not only its lavv^. but its constitution."*
And, sir, with that report, I was instructed by
the Naval Committee to introduce a bill, which
was presented and referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and there it slept the sleep of death,
as almost all the bills which have been introduced
from the Naval Committee have, and I fear will ;
continue to sleep, from the little interest manifested
in the subject by the great mass of the members
of this Plouse. In that bill it was provided, "that
4 it shall be the duty of the President to cause to
4 be prepared a suitable code of laws for the Navy,
5 and submit the same to Congress as soon as prac-
ticable, for such further actio/! as may be re-
' quired."
Now, sir, I am instructed again by the commit-
tee to repoit a bill containing a similar clause
providing for a complete revision of the code
of naval Jaws. The Naval Committee did not feel
itself prepared—and I think I may say did not
feel itself capable—of doing justice to a subject of
this kind, it is a great subject—one of much in-
terest—one requiring extensive knowledge, as well
as experience, on the part of those who should
undertake to prescribe a code of laws for the gov-
ernment of the Navy. How could any of us,
who have never ciossed the ocean, and who know
nothing of the practical workings of these laws on
board a ship, undertake to prepare such a code?
Now, it is proper, and I conceive that it is the
only proper mode, to call upon the President to
present the views of the Navy Department, and
of such officers as may be required, to give their
advice in order that Congress may act on the sub-
ject with proper intelligence and discrimination,
establishing a code worthy of the age in which
we live, and worthy of a fiee, republican people.
And in this matter of promotion, so far as it is
in the power of Congress to control it, the Naval
Committee have lepeatedly, since I have had the
honor of being a member of it, presented bills for
the purpose of accomplishing all that is in the
power of Congress to accomplish towards that
end; and I have now ready to be reported a bill
which J think will be very effectual to the accom-
plishment of that object; not that we can control the
discretion of the President in making his appoint-
ments, but we can enable the President, and re-
quire him, to get rid of all officers incapable of
doing duty.
Buf, sir, to come down to the provisions of this
particular bill. T have already said that it does
not reach the whole code ot naval laws; that it is.
partial, and therefore temporary m its character,
and designed to meet a particular exigency which
is pressing upon the country, and which, I think,
must be met for the good of the service. But ob-
jections have been made to the particular provis-
ions of this bill.
The first is, that this power is given to the com-
mander of a ship, and is placed in his discretion
without control; and the opposite proposition pre-
sented by thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] is the establishment of a court-martial—
a summary court-martial, as he calls it—to be
convened on board of ship for the purpose of pun-
ishing these offenses, (t will be necessary for
me to add but little to what has been so well said
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.J
I think that he has shown the insufficiency of the
proposed system,its inapplicability to the purposes
for which it was intended, as stated by thegen-
tleman from the Norfolk district, [Mr. Mili.so*.]
It is true that this was first proposed by a board
of officers; not, however, as gentlemen are probably
aware, from choice, not because they ever would
haveselected thatmodeofeoforcingdiscipline in the
Navy from choice, but because they believed that
the feeling which controls the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. [Mr. Millson,] probably would control both
branches of Congress, and that they would not
be able to obtain anything better.
Now, in addition to the objections stated by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.,] I think
but very little reflection is necessary tu see that
this is the worst system that can be devised—worst
for the service, and worst for the sailor himself.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] has
well depicted the bad consequence that would re-
sult from bringing up o sailor before a court, on
board of a ship, and confronting him with his
commanding officers, and permitting him to argue
and disptite with them; for, unless you give him
the right to defend himself, it is worth nothing.
But I say there is a suli graver objection, and
that goes to the advantage of the sailor, too.
{ say that this court-martial, on board of a ship,
will be but a mockery. I say you cannot or-
ganize a court there which wif] do ju.sdce, as a
court ought, to do justice, upon thetrial of a sailor.
You will thereby divide the responsibility between
