1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendments to this bill. Let one single amend-
ment come in, and there is no security; the Treas-
ury will be robbed to the amount of millions of
dollars, at this session. The only security we can
have is to have the Democratic party in power,'
and have them live up to their principles. Sir,
we must guard against theWhjgsgettiog their old.
notions into our new platform. •
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New :York. I rise to a
question of order.. 1 ask whether the amendment,
offered by the gentleman from, Illinois is in order,-
inasmuch as it embraces two distinct propositions,
not at all connected with each other? : \ - \
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair does not see
that that makes any difference.
Mr. SEYMOUR; Then he might put a hun-
dred different propositions in orie amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
amendment is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for tellers on'the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Grey and
Fowi.er were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was decided.
in the negative—ayes 57, noes 68. ►
So the amendment was rejected. . .
Mr. M EADE. I now offer, as an amendment,
the section offered by m'y colleague [Mr. Caskie]
yesterday, changing the .sum from $50,000. to
$49,500, so as to read as-follows:
"For the improvement of the Appomattox and James
rivers, $49,500."
Mr. Chairman, T have a few facts to state to this
committee which will, [ think, enlighten them to
some extent upon this subject. Upon this river
four of the most important towns in the State of
Virginia are situated. They annually contribute
to the General Post Office a revenue of $40,000.
The city of Richmond $23,000; Petersburg $6,000;
Lynchburg #4,000;"and Norfolk $7,500. They
are all either situated directly upon this river, or
connected with its commerce. Thecity of Peters-
burg, winch I represent, is situated upon tide-
water, about ten miles ftom the confluence of the
James and Appomattox rivers, and may be called
a James river city.
Now, sir, we ask an appropriation of $49,500,
being about the amount reported to be necessary
by your own engineer about ten years ago.
Mr. Chairman, I stated to the committee on a
former occasion that the State of Virginia bad
been entirely overlooked in this bill. Having the
finest harbors and the most extensive sea-coast of
any State upon the Atlantic—in the face of all
this, it has been entnely neglected. . I find that
there are thirteen towns m the State of New York
whose aggregate post office re\enue is only §52,000
—only $]2,0b0 more than that of the four towns I
have named m Virginia, which have appropria-
tions amounting to $258,000 in this bill. But in
connection with this fact let me state, moreover,
that these towns in the State of New York have
already received from the hands of the General
Government, $1,322,000; the towns which I have
mentioned in Virginia having nit of them received
in this time but $25,000; which was all given to
the city of Norfolk. The city of Albany, on the
Hudson river, yielding a post ofTW revenue of
$23,000, has on appi o^riation in this hill of$50,000,
and has already received from the General Gov-
ernment $370,000. But I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman .from Connecticut, [Mr.
Cleveland,] who started out with a very good
speech against internal improvements, butyetindi-
cated a mitigated hostility to this hill, to the fact
that the Committee on Commerce has, in this hill,
made appropriations to every little town in New
York having a creek thnt could be called a navi-
gable stream. For the little harbor of Oak Or-
chard creek this bill contains an appropriation of
$10,000, having already received from theGovern-
meat $20,000, and such is the smallness of the
population that it pays into the post office treas-
ury but $76 per year-. A port called Port Jeffer-
son has an appropriation of $1,200, which pays
into the post office treasury §150 per annum. The
harbor at the town of Dunkirk has an appropria-
tion in this bill of $30,000, and pays only $779
into the post office treasury, and having already
received $93,000 from the General Government.
The thirteen places in the State of New York
which are provided for in this bill have,altogether
received more than a million of dollars from the
General Government, and have in this bill an ag-
gregateappropriation amounting to $258,000, while
the whole revenue paid by them into the post office
treasury is'only §>12,0,00 more than that paid by the
four "towns for which I ask this appropriation.
Nothi ng indicates more truly the commercial im-
portance of a place than iis post office revenues.
Mr/SEYMOCJR, of New York. I am happy
to etvail-niyself of the opportunity afforded!by the
remarks of'the gentleman from Virginia^ [Mr.
Meade,] to allude to the appropriations for the
State which-1 have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent, and which have so often been the subject of
invidious remark, i regret that the gentleman
from Virginia should have taken the course he
has in holding up to ihis committee a comparative I
view of the revenues of certain post offices in I
New York with certain othersin Virginia, instead j
of comparing the commercial returns of the two
States. Anything connected with tlie commerce
of my State, or the importance of the Huuson
river, I shall at all times.be ready to meet, when-
ever gentlemen shall invite the discussion.-,
I stated in my remarks ,at the opening of this
debate, the principle upon which this hill"was
framed. I instanced the very case of Oak Or-
chard creek on LakeOntario, to which the gentle- j
man has alluded, as an illustration of that princ-i- ;
pie. We have inad-e an appropriation for that i
place, not wi,th reference to its local commerce-—j
we expressly repudiated that as a criterion for ap-1
propriation—but with reference to the geneial j
commerce of the lake upon which it is situated-, |
and for the purpose of providing for that geneial !
commerce a harbor of lefuge. 13ut in reference j
to this particular case, a better appropriation is |
not contained in this bill. The fact was brought |
to the notice of the Committee on Commerce, that j
a harbor of refuge .was especially needed at that I
point during the storms which prevail upon the !
lake. We have not sought to make these appro- j
priations for the purpose of building up towns at j
any particular points, but to make them where ;
the general commerce of the country demanded. !
The same is true with regard to Dunkirk and Port
Jefferson harbors in New Yoik. The latter, on
the northern shore of Long Island is intended ;
as a harbor of refuge, and is the only harbor of]
that kind upon a coast of one hundred and forty
miles m extent, covered by a large commerce. :
As to ihe Hudson river, the gentleman from !
Virginia, [Mr. Meadr,] and the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. Bissi<;ll,J yesterday seemed to con- |
sideritasmall river, of very little importance—alto- j
gether a trifling affair, compared with the western |
waters. Have these gentlemen considered that j
this is the only outlet for a trade as large  s that j
of which they so continually boast of, upon the j
Mississippi and its tributaries? It is, like the j
mouth of the Mississippi, an outlet for that great !
chain of Mediterranean lakes which stretches fiom |
Lake Ontario to Lake Superior, the natural avenue
for the whole trade of those lakes except thecom- ;
parntively small amount which passes through the '
St. Lawrence. Thistr.ide comesdown to the tide
wateis of the Hudson by the Erie tanal and the
several lines of railroad, and then finds its way to
the great emporium of our commerce. The offi-
cial returns of last year show that produce to the 1
amount of $54,000,000 came by the canals alone J
to the tide waters of the Hudson, of which three ?
fourths at least came from the West, and a great 1
portion from Illinois itself. The ascending trade i
will make nearly as much more; and when you add ,
the other trade upon the river, coming by railroads 1
and other ways, you will swell it up to the amount |
which gentlemen are claiming for the Mississippi '
itself. But this appropriation has been denounced '
as extravagantly large. It is §50,000; and it is J
only the fourth appiopriation the Government has
made for that work, which was begun in 3834. <
This is the smallest appropriation that ever passed
this House for that work; smaller by one halfj'
than those passed during the administration of1
General Jackson. It is a case of the most urgent ;j
necessity; so strong that the Legislature of ihe ■!
State at its last ses>ion appropriated §10,000 to be
employed in affording temporary relief to the nav-
igation, until the National Government should re- j
s'tmethis important and truly national work. 1
With regard to the particular case upon which 1
the gentleman from Virginia has offered this •
amendment for the James river, in which the city j
of Richmond is principally interested, I explained 1
to the committee the other day the situation in J
which the co mmktee .were placed, > The-fiommittee"
would have recommended abv-^pproprmtipn to a
national work in Virginia tfs cheerfuffy.a&'iri'any'
other part of the Uniorrl BuU we had- no fnfm-
orial, no estimates for this work.. iVeheard-
nothing in relation.to it until the bill carneup';in  
this House for consideration, when gerftlemert g;§t
up and denounce the action of that commTti^e'.'foY.
not inserting it in the bill, and claim that its'houjd *
riow-be- inserted without estimates, without sur?
veys, and without data. . " ^
The question now being upofi the adoption of
the amendment to the"amendment/. *; "
Mr. MEA.DE demanded ieflersv.which were
ordered; and Messrs. John W. Howe ami Bar?,
rkre were appointed.
Mr CASKIE. Is it in order for me to ask'tHe -
unanimous consent of the committee to'say a very
few words npon the amendment?
The CHA fRMAN. Tt is in order for the gen-
tleman to ask the-consent of the committee, though
it requires unanimous consent to give permission.
Several Members objected:
Mr.,HARRiS, of Tennessee, I move that the
committee do .now rise. v . <■
. The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to. ' -; .
, So flie committee refused to rise. * - -
The question being taken upon the amendment
to the amendment,, the tellers reported-—ayes 49,
noes 59—no quorum voting. - . •
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, movedL that "the
committee rise, which mofion'was agreed to.
The committeeaccordmgly rose, amhhe Speak"
er having taken the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly House bill No.
283, making appropriation for certain rivers and
harbors, and had come to no resolution thereon.
On motion hv Mr. ASHE the House then ad-
journed until Monday at eleven o'clock, a", m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 26, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, made'
in compliance with a resolution of the Senaterall-
ing f« r information in relation to the Commission
appointed to run and mark the boundary between
the United States arid Mexico; - , : "... . ' -
Mr. WELC.F1R. I presume it will-be utterly
impossible to print the whole of this document in
time for the use of the Senate dining the present ses-
sion of Congress. It is necessarily a voluminous
document. Whether it has been retained in the
Department for the purpose of preventing its publi-
cation, 1 shall not undertake to say. Certain it is
that there are some of us here who will be very
unwilling to vote for appropriations for thecontinu-
ance of this boundary survey until we have had
an opportunity of investigating the mass of testi-
mony now submitted to the "Senate. It was for
the purpose of facilitating this business that J weru
to the Department at the verbal request, and not in
accordance witha \yritten note, for the purpose of
selecting those documents of which it was wh'o'ly
unnecessary that copies should be made. I spent
two or three hours, not in selecting papers to be
sent to the Senate, but in selecting those which 1
considered it was wholly unimportant should be
copied. They consisted of in voices of goods lurried
over from one Departments another, which were
wholly useless so far as regards the determination
of the question to he settled here. Well, sir, that
is the document sent to the Senate after a lapse of
four months. In the present condition of the pub-
lic printing, I take it for granted that it will be im-
possible to print this document during the present
session of Congress. The object of the Secretary,
however, may-be attained by sending the docu-.
ment in, if delay was desired. There is much of
this document, however, which may be printed at
once. It may be possible that if the document he
transmitted to the Committee on Printing, they
may make such a selection from it as will enaMe
the Senate to understand the manner in which this
Boundary Commission has been managed when
we are called upon to make an appropriation to
meet its expenditure. For that purpose, I move
