1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26.
to refer it to the Committee on Priming, with the
view of determining.how much of it should be
printed. I think it may be probable that much of
it will be found unnecessary to bepublished-at any
time. There may be many papers wkich the com-
mittee may decide they will hot publish, -But,
certainly a large portion of this document ought
to be published before the Senate is called upon to
make further appropriations' for the continuance of
the work.
-Mr. CLARKE. I have no objection to the mo-
tion of the Senator from California. There are a
great many of these papers-which are very neces-
sary to be seen by the Senate, before they can act-
upon this question. There are a great-many papers,
as I understand, that relate particularly to!the initial
point which has been partiallyagrfeediipon, if not
finally decided upon by the Commissioners of the
Boundary Survey. • I think that^all the papers
which relate to the initial point should be pub-
lished. I merely suggest, to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, whether it will not be better to amend his
motion, so as to carry with it instructions to print
everything which relates to the initial point of the
surveys, which were made in the neighborhood of
the Rio Grande, so that everything may be before
us previous to the time when the subject will prob-
ably come up for discussion. '
Mr. WELLER. As that is the practical ques-
tion which the Senate will be called upon to de-
cide, of course the Committee on Printing will de-
cide that everything relating to that point should
be published at once. On these matters which we
8re called to pass upon, the Committee on Print-
in®: will see the necessity of having this matter
published.
Mr. CLARKE. I merely wish to say, that I
do not desire to interfere with this in any degree
whatever; and with the understanding that the
committee will select everything relating to these
points; but' the difficulty is, that the Committee
on Printing might not know what it would be ne-
cessary to publish.
Mr. GAVIN. Ifthe Senator from Rhode Island
will allow me to interrupt him, I will make a sug-
gestion which I think will obviate all difficulty. I
would suggest that the matter should be referred
to a select committee consisting of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Clarke,] my colleague,
[Mr. Weller,] and the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk.] 1 think by adopting such a course,
every necessary document coukl be selected.
Mr. CLARKE. I .very much doubt whether
such a suggestion would be of any use. The
Senator from California will have much other
business to attend to. I have little time myself,
and the Senator from Texas, we all know, is en-
gaged from early morning till late at night, in the
public service. No Senator devotes himself with
more alacrity and 7eal to the public service than
that Senator. Under these circumstances,therefore,
I think such a committee could do very little towards
the accomplishment of the desired object. On the
other hand, if the Committee on Printingshould
undertake it, they, understanding what would be
wanted, could make the selection. I have no ob-
jection, however, lfgentlemen think proper to refer
this matter to a select committee, but I think the
other covnse would be the best.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in the suggestion of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin\] The
papers on the table relate to a subject in which
the gentlemen he has named have, very appro-
priately, an interest, and of which, perhaps, they
have a better knowledge than any others in the
Senate. They would, therefore, readily select
such papers as would bear upon any of the various
points in controversy, and there would thus be
no necessity for printing* any others. I hope the
action of the Senate will take that direction. The
selection and printing of the papers will be done
much more readily, and a much better disposition
will he made of them than could be otherwise at-
tained.
Mr. COOPER. I do not rise to oppose the
reference moved by the Senator from California,
[Mi*. Weller,] but to answer a remark which I
understood to have been made by that gentleman,
and which, in my opinion,'was unkind and unjust
to the Secretary of the Interior. I am not certain
that I understood that remark, but I took it to be
that, by the delay which had occurred in trans-
mitting to the Senate the papers which had been
called for, the Secretary of the Interior had, per-
haps, answered the object which he had in. view.-
That I believe was the substance of the remark
made by the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. With the permission of-the
Senator, I will say this; I remarked that there had
been an unusual and unaccountable delay in
answering the resolution of, the Sfenate; but,
whether the Secretary of the Interior had designed
to prevent publication -by withholding the docu-
ments until this, late-pefiod of the session I did
not say;-although-there' are suspicions connected
with gome gentlemen "in hjfe office that might in-
duce such a-'belief. * I, did not say that the object
of keeping- the "doe'uments .baek- so long,twas,to
prevent their publication, but, at all events, stich
is thednevitame effect.-*
Mr. COOPER. I understood the Senatorfrom
California [Mr. Weller] to say that the object
of the Secretary of the Interior might have been
attained by this delay; and I still understand that
that is the substance of what the gentleman did
say'. If I am correct in so understanding the Sen-
ator, I think his remark is unkind and unjust to
the Secretary of the Interior. ' I do not believe
that when a call for documents is made by the
Senate, that gentleman would willfully and pur-
posely cause a delay in transmitting those papers
for the purpose of subserving any object of his
own—any improper object. I do not think that
the character of that gentleman would warrantany
imputation of the kind. I do not understand it as
having been made directly against the Secretary;
but I am sure from what I know of him that he
would not lend himself to any-conduct of the kind
alluded to by the Senator from California. So
much, I think, it is proper to say.
Mr. RUSK. The sending of this matter to the
Committee on Printing at this late period of the
session will in all probability delay the proper
action of the Senate on the question to which the
papers relate.
There is another difficulty. The papers will
have to be.considered, and their contents discussed
probably in the committee; and thus the commit-
tee itself may be involved in a difficulty in select-
ing the proper papers to be printed, ft might be
said or supposed "that some papers bearing on the
; question had not been ordered to be printed. The
, object of this call was that we might have before
i us the testimony in regard to a question of vital
! importance to the United States. I regret ex-
| tremely, from whatever cause it may have oc-
i curred, that four months of the session should
i have been consumed in responding to this call. I
! am not prepared, nor do I intend, to make either
' charges or insinuations in relation to this delay,
! though I regret that so much time has been lost
; since the call was made before we have received
j these papers. They relate to a question of vital
; importance to the interest of the United States in
! relation to this boundary line.
! I contend that the Commissioner has departed
j from the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to the loss
j to the United States of a large territory, and in a
! position where it is remarkably important. The
Commissioner and the Secretary of the Interior
] insist that they have carried out the treaty. I in-
sist that they have palpably departed from it. I
j desire to arrest this proceeding where it is; but I
I do not desire to do anything which might fail
i upon parties engaged in the survey, who have not
1 fallen into this error. These parties are very far
i from home, and dependingupon appropriations to
! be made, or already made, I could see no place
\ where we could get up the question better than
j the present, where we could have it properly and
I fairly discussed.
> I should dislike to interfere with appropriations
j for carrying on this survey; but if driven to that,
! and no other means are afforded of arresting what
j I believe to be a survey which will be greatly in-
jurious to the United States, I shall be bound to
resort to it. This is a grave question, one that 1
regard as a violation of the treaty. An -initial
point has been established on the Rio Grande,
above that where it was established by the treaty,
at least thirty-four miles. The extent of territory
included in the running of that line will be thirty-
| four miles by about one hundred and eighty, and
j that at a most important point for communication
| between the Atlantic and Pacific portions of this
| country. What I amanxious to do is, to ^et this
i question before the Senate and Congress, in such
I a form that this mischief may beprevented. What
I fear is, that if there is to be delay >. the Commis-
sioner may go on and complete the Jine between
the Gila and the Rio Grande from an improper
point. It seems to me, therefore, that to reach this
question in the shortest possible manner, and bring
it before the Senate in a proper form, with all the
facts bearing upon it, the best plan will' belo refer
these papers tb a special committee of five Sena-
tors. .And I .will say"that I desire not-to beplaced
upon thai committee. I have considerable feeling
in reference to -this matter. - I believe I would do
justice^.but I confess I have considerable feeling
on the subject. I think" .that if this initial point,
which the Commissioner has fixed upon, is retained,
we shall sustain an injury irreme.diable, one which
will be more mischievous in its consequences than
any ^which we have sustained for a long time.
Having these, views, I "desire, from feelings of
delicacy in relation to this matter, not to he.placed
■upon the committee. I hope, however, that the
Senatorfrom California "Will modify his motion in
such a manner that these papers may go to a select
committee. Such a committee can,.in a short
time, make a'selection of what they consider
necessary to have printed, as bearing upon the
question to be considered by the Senate. The
Printing Committee could take no action except
with reference to the question of printing, and
would not have the whole subject before them as
the select committee would have. I hope, there-
fore, the Senator from California will modify his
motion as I have suggested.
Mr. CLARKE. I was about to say, in refer-
ence to this incidental question, that I was very
desirous indeed to see the papers, in order that I
might be better enabled to discuss the question
involved in the resolution. I feltaspecial interest
in investigating the conduct of the Commissioner
of the Boundary Survey. Finding the papers did
not come in, I ventured to go to the Department
and inquire when we might expect them. That
was on Thursday last. The Secretary told me
they would he here immediately. Pie said that
when the resolution of the Senatorfrom California
was adopted, he saw at once that a vast mass of
papers would necessarily have-to be examined.
He spoke of having given an invitation to the Sen-
ator from California to'make a selection of papers
which he desired to have sent. He stated that he
at once set two clerks to copying papers, and find-
ing that their progress was slow, he engaged
another, and the three were constantly engaged in
copying and examining the papers. The papers,
after they were copied, had to undergo a particular
and thorough examination. That was the reason
given to me why the papers had not been sent in
sooner after the call of-the Senate. I did not ex-
pect that the question of the initial point would be
brought incidentally into the discussion in the
Senate; on the contrary, I did hope that it would
not. I had been apprised, and the Senate had
been apprised, sometime since, by the open and
manly declaration of my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] that upon another occasion, and at another
time, he should bring up that question distinctly
for theconsideration of the Senate. That Senator
believes, sincerely, no doubt, that there has been
an error on the part of the Commissioner in deter-
mining upon the initial point oh the Rio Grande
from which to proceed on the westward line.
From an examination of the subject, I have come
to a different conclusion. That, however,is only
a difference of opinion between friends, and can
have no further effect. My own impression is,
that it is a question which does not involve any-
thing now before the Senate, and that until we
see the papers now sent in to the Senate, we shall
not he prepared "to "enter into a discussion of a
question which the Senator says is of so much
importance-to the country, and to those who have
been engaged in the commission for running the
boundary line. -
My purpose is to confine myself in the remarks
I shall make hereafter, to a defense of the private
character of the Commissioner, and, incidentally}
to charges made against others, following, with
the limited means in my possession, the transit of
this commission, and of its re-formation in 1850,
up to the time when these charges were prepared
and sent here, together with the other evidence
which has been furnished. - My object in doing
so is simply this: to vindicate the character of an
individual far away from this place—an individual
who is not here tb refute the charges brought
