1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
man did not understand my question. I inquired |
if the contract did not expressly require Mr. Ham- j
ilton to furnish better paper than that heretofore
used ? j
Mr. HAVEN. I think it does; but I cannot ;
speak with certainty with regard to it. I desire 1
to say to the House, that T believe it is the unani-
mous opinion of the committee, that Mr. Hamil- '
ton is competent to perform that portion of the
work to which I have alluded, and that it is their
wish that he should continue to perform it, if he
does it in the manner in which he has done it
heretofore. If it were to be taken from him, I
should not be willing to give it to either of the men
who have the residue of the printing. I should
vote to give it to Mr. Towers or Mr. Rives; and
neither of these gentlemen, in my opinion, could
perform the work better than does Mr. Hamilton.
The difficulty with him is this: It is in the heavy
work, like the President's message and accom-
panying documents, which, as I understand, are
to be two thousand pages, or more, like the Pat-
ent Office Report, and that of the Coast Survey,
and one or two other works, that are of a magni-
tude that Mr. Hamilton is totally unable and in-
competent to cope with.
I need not call the attention of the House to the
fact, that more than one hundred and twenty days
of the session are now gone. More than four
months of the session are already gone; and does
this House want any more evidence of the incom-
petency of this man to do this heavy work than
the fact, that the only thing that has yet appeared
upon the tables is the first part of the President's
message and accompanying documents?
Mr. MARSHALL. [ de.sire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I-Iave the Committee on Piinthig
furnished the public printer with the documents to
which he has referred ?
Mr. HAVEN. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure. They have been furnished. The
President's message and accompanying: documents
were furnished on the first days of the session.
Mr. POLK. Have they ever been furnished
by the public printer?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly not. Right here,
before it. escapes me,l desire to make this sugges-
tion. Some three or four weeks after the Presi-
dent's message went into the hands of the public
printer—Mr. Hamilton—we railed him to our
committee room and put him through a course of
questioning, if I may be allowed the expression.
We inquired of him particularly, why, up to that
period, we had no visible evidence that he was
able, or had been so, to perform his contract m
reference to the President's message and accom-
panying documents. His answei was, " I tune
been delayed: I could have done it before, but I
have been delayed because the Committee on En-
graving have not determined in reference to the
maps which are to go with this: printing " " Well,
Mr. Hamilton,said we, suppose we relieve
you from that delay, (the committee weie rather
under the impression that the work might have
been done with the exception of the engnuing,)
in what time can you have the President's message
completed?" He said he could have it in twenty
days from that time. I inquired of Mr. [lives, and
some other gentlemen, and they told me that,
taking it from the beginning, it ought to be on the
tables of the members m less than forty days.
Well, sir, we relieved him at one*? upon the .sub-
ject of engraving, winch, as I said, was some
two or three weeks after the commencement of
the session. Since that time the only evidence we
have had of his ability to perform this portion of
the contract, iw the tirst part of the President's
message and accompanying documents, which was
laid upon our tables some two weeks ago.
Now, let me call the attention of the House to
the printed statement of Mr. Hamilton. 1 do not
desire to say anything rash or hard of that gentle-
man. Nor do 1 say my colleague on the commit-
tee [Mr. Gorman] has said anything of the kind.
But I am bound to say so much as this: While f
do Mr. Hamilton full credit for performing well
that portion of the work to which 1 have before
alluded, and while I am willing to continue that
work to him, yet it is true, that if he undertakes
to say that he has never received any notice or in-
timation of our intention m relation to this matter,
or that he has never had any communication with
the committee upon this subject, that he is wholly
mistaken; and if his memory is a correct one, then
he is intentionally mistaken. I cannot see how he
con have forgotten; for, in addition to the inter-
views we have had with him in the committee
room, we have reported to us from the chairman
of the Committee on Printing in the other branch
j of the Capitol, (Colonel Borland,) that he had
! had various and continuous interviews with him.
Indeed, I could not help thinking at the time when
: that gentleman was relating these interviews that
i the others upon the committee had very httie rea-
| son to complain of the labor and trouble which
' devolved upon us, when ours was so little with that
! which the chairman [Mr. Borland] has been
j compelled to undergo for the purpose of getting
' this work along in some reasonable time,
j I will now take up the points made by Mr.
i Hamilton in his printed memorial in their order.
1 In the first place, he says: *
1. That iill the bills and joint resolution* of both
I Houses of Congress are printed and delivered, and lie holds
receipts tor the same."
| I do not doubt that. They were printed to my
; satisfaction, and he has my consent to continue on
i to print them; and I look with confidence to his
fulfilling the contract. But again he says:
" 2. That all the repoits of committees, except three ad-
! verse ihhn, are printed anddehveted, and heholds leceipts
for the same."
I do not know whether that be true or not. But
\ 1 have no particular complaint to make in regard
■ to the reports; and I am willing he should con-
: tinue to print them until I see some more flagrant
1 violation of the contract.
u •{. That the Journals of botli Houses are leady for press
■ «o far as he has copy placed m hi-, hands, and all is in
proof to tin: tirst days of April "
! With the prmtmgof the Journals I am satisfied.
I I think he has done it well; and F should not, in
| regard to this (lass, be willing, for one, to inter-
i fere. I do not think that any measure is neees-
1 saiy upon the part of the committee to remedy any
neglect or delay in that particular. But J now
i come to the suggestions which have before been
, made m reference to the heavy woik. He says:
\J1 eveeulive document.*, of evoiy character, :ue
. complete, or paitnillv ->o, so that they might be delivered in
a short tune, except some eight or ten, heretofore considered
of no public nnpoitance.*'
; It is to this point that I desire to call the partic-
; ular attention of the House. Why, there are
; some eight or ten reports, of an executive charac-
,1 ter, which he has not touched at all, yet he says:
! ih All executive documents of e\cry character are
!] complete, or partially so. Partially so! What
does he moan by that ? Is the President's message
and accompanying documents complete—or par-
>; tially wo? They are not complete; but partially
! so; that is, lu- has printed one part, and laid it
: upon the tables of the members, in the style with
which gentlemen are acquainted Are the other
reports ''complete, oi partially so>" While
; Colonel Gorman was speaking, 1 asked the Clerk
to show me the executive documents which had
! been sent to the printer, but not heaid from. He
. said he could not do it exactly, but he gave me the
; list which I now hold in my hand, and gentlemen
1 will see it is a pretty long one. All these docu-
■ inents ha\e gone into that receptacle. I do not
j mean to say that it is correct in every particular,
: but { show il, in order to givegentlemen some idea
i of the truth of the statement made by Mr. f-Jnmil-
' ton.
: All I intend to say in reference to these execu-
: tive documents, and this work of a heavy charac-
ter, is, that it is my opinion, as a member of this
House, that you may call from now until the time
fixed upon by the resolution of the gentleman
, from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbixs] to adjourn sine
' die, and you will effect nothing beyond what the
printer says is now the fact, that "they arc all
complete, or partially so;" that is, he has taken
! them up and done something to them,but he can-
! not complete them.
I Now, under this state of things, what could the
! committee do5 They have had an embarrassing
I time of it. They came to a conclusion early, in
| reference to this matter; but of that I do not care
: to speak. Under these circumstances, it seemed
the duty of the committee to adopt such measures
; as might be deemed necessai y to remedy the delay
upon the part of the contractor, m executing the
• work ordered by Congress. And what measures
. could they adopt5 Could they go into Mr. Ham-
' ilton's printing office, and cause the type to be set
up ? No one will pretend it Could they go into
his office, or could any man go there, and set up
his type? No man will pretend it. Could they
go, with a strict hand, and take them away? That
they could do. But of what service would that
be ? How would that remedy the neglect and de-
lay? The only way by which to remedy the
neglect and delay, as the committee understood it,
was to take that portion of the work winch this
contractor could not perform, and give it to some
one else, leaving him to do that portion which he
could well do. Now, what could the committee
do? They might go and take the manuscript
away, but that would not remedy the neglect and
delay. They must give it to somebody else to
print. Now, to whom should they give if?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (interrupt-
ing.) Will the gentleman permit me to as!: him a
question ? I understand that they are to give it to
those printers, at the price bid by Mr. Rives.
Those printers agreed to accept it, declining, how-
: ever, to make the discount of sixty-nine per cent.,
which Mi. Rives offered to make upon certain parts
of the work. I ask why it was, if Mr. Rives was
a bidder, and they were going to give h upon his
terms, that they did not give it to him, he being
the next lowest bidder >
Mr. HAVEN. Tf the gentleman had waited a
moment, he would have understood that, and I
will not undertake to answer him at this moment.
Now, I ask, how was this committee to remedy
the neglect and delay' It was to take it away.
! That was one part of their process. The other
i: was to give it to some one else. Now, to whom
I should they give it? There was just as great a
, variety of opinion in the committee upon thatsuh-
i ject as there were members of the committee.
! Some of them worked to get it into politics, and
i some to keep it out; and they tried it on in every
■i way. I was disposed to give a good portion of
i the work to Mr. Towers—that is, the portion ofthe
,; work which he wan ted,which was the lighter work.
i I found that Mr. Hamilton, the contractor, did
i that woik in a manner satisfactory to me, and I
: | could not take it away from him. T would have
; been entirely willing to have given it to Mr. Rives,
'' but he had a large contract from this House, in
reference to the Congressional Globe; but the other
■ j members of the committee thought otherwise, and
! I am free to say that I agree with them, because 1
'I have always understood Mr. Rives to say that he
j did not choose to interfere with these printingcon-
tracts. The Congressional Globe, he has always
told me, was an offspring of his own, and one to
which he intended to devote all his attention. The
committee did not think it best to give the work-
to him But to whom should they give it? They
gave it to the two whom they have selected. They
could not agree upon any one else.
But here the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stev ens] inquires of me in reference to Mr.
; Rives"s bid—whether his was the next lowest bid.
j 1 answer, m reference to that, that 1 cannot speak
! from a personal examination of the papers, but I
i can from a conversation with Mr. Rives upon the
| subject. And I understood from him, that the
| \ ei y next lowest bid was by a man who, the com-
I mittee are informed, would not take the contiact
; at all.
i The next was by Mr. Towers As I under-
| stood, Mr. Rives told me that Mr. Towers would
i not be able to peiform the work without some aid;
I that he could make nothing out of it if he took it
i at his bid, but that he would be willing to aid him
! in reference to that; and, as I understand him, his
j [Mr. Rives] bid was the next lowest. Now,
! when the committee made up their minds that
! some course must be adopted to remedy this neg-
' lect and delay, they were desirous of hmma it
remedied at as low a price as they could, giving
anything like a remunerative price to the party
who should do it. It seems to me, that by the
common law of this House, and the common law
' of the country, that Mr. Rives is an oracle upon
1 this subject; and it is well understood that his bid
was a fair one.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman allow me a moment to ask
him a question ? Has not Mr. Rives a memorial
pending before the Printing Committee, in which
he makes reference to this bid for the public print-
ing? and in which he says that he is the lowest
bona fide bidder for the greatest portion of the
printing for Congress, and having made ample
