I9k24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 26, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of Saturday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the resolu-
tion fixing the day of adjournment.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !" all over the
House.]
Mr. OLDS. Agreed, if it does not come out
of the morning hour.
Mr. HARRIS. I will then propose to take up
the resolution before proceeding to the execution
of the business of the morning hour.
Mr. GIDD1NG-S. 1 object to taking up the
resolution previous to the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and the
resolution cannot he taken up until after the ex-
piration of the morning hour.
Mr. OLDS. I would inquire if there is not
gome unfinished business pending before the j
House for the moraine hour? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by (
the Clerk that there is not. Reports are now in }
order from the Committee on the Post OfKce and |
Post Roads. -
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk, of this House be diiected to
pay to Nathan Rathburn, at the same rate of compensation
that other clerks of the House are paid, from the first day
of January, 1S51, to the 4th day of March, 1851, for ser-
vices as clerk of the Committee on the post Office and
Tost Roads.
Mr. OLDS. I send to the Chair a letter directed
to the chairman of the present committee, from
the chairman of the same committee during the
last Congress, which I desire to have read.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Washington, 7th May, 1859.
Dear Sir: Mr. Nathan Rathburn was employed ae
clerk of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
of the House of Representatives, Thirty first Consress,
from the first of January, 1S5I, to the closo of the session.
The committee repoited* a post route bill, an unusual thing
nt a short session, which made it indispensable to employ
a clerk. Very respectfully,
H. D POTTER, lute ChabTna)i
Committee on the Post Office and Post Ilnnd*.
Hon. E B. Oi.ds, Cn<.:irman, .j'r.
Mr. OLDS. I have only a word to say in re-
lation to that resolution. At the last short session
of Congress, there were so many petitions for
post offices and post roads, which is a very un-
usual thing, that it became necessary to report a
bill in reference thereto. The chairman of the
committee being engaged in other duties, as mem-
bers of the House generally are during a short
session, and in attending to the sittings of the
House, had not the time to attend to the drawing
up of that bill, and he employed a clerk for the
time named in that resolution—that is, from some
time in January to the close of the session in
March. All I have to say is, that the House have
the power to pay the clerk employed by that com-
mittee. If they do not do it, the chairman of
that committee will have to pay him out of his
own pocket.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to know of the gentle-
man from O'aio, [Mr. Olds,] if his predecessor,
the chairman of that committee, did not ask per-
mission of the House to employ a clerk, and the
House refused to grant it? 1 do not wish to object
to this small matter, but I do not want to set a
bad example, by allowing a committee to do what
the House forbids. My recollection is, that the
gentleman asked authority to employ a cierk, and
the House refused it. If* so, it if improper for us
to pass this resolution.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman is mistaken in
supposing that the chairman of the committee
acted in opposition to the wishes of the House.
He employed this clerk with the expectation thnt
he would have to pay him out of his own funds.
I am aware that there was no resolution of Con-
gress authorizing the employment of a clerk by
that committee. Now, it is a question simply
■whether Congress will pay that clerk, or whether
the chairman of the committee shall do it?
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. My question was: Did not
the House refuse to authorize the employment of
a clerk i
Mr. OLDS. I have already stated that I sup-
pose there was no authority from the House for
the employment of a clerk; but the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
found it absolutely necessary to have a clerk, and
if the House does not pay for the services of that
clerk, the chairman will be obliged to pay it him-
self.
Mr. STANLY. Did not the House refuse?;
That is the question.
Mr. GENTRY. It seems to me that this prin- j
ciple is involved in the proposition now before the i
House—namely, whether the House will confer
indiscriminately upon all of its committees the dis-1
cretion of employing clerks whenever they choose I
without its authority? If we adopt the principle 1
! of paying when they employ a clerk without the
J authority of Congress, we may expect every com- 1
I mittee to employ a clerk, and the House be culled .
j upon to pay them.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, I wish to ask i
i the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] why his
I predecessor did not ask for authority to employ a 1
j cierk, if a clerk was necessary ? i
I Mr. OLDS. I am informed by the gentleman !
! from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] that the com- j
I mittee did do so, but the House refused. ;
| Mr. CLINGMAN. In what position is this i
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I regret that any question
has been made about this matter; but, as it lias
been made, I think the House had better settle the
principle right. I remember, that in the last Con-
gress, there were repeated applications from several
committees for clerks, and the House refused its
consent. Now, we understand that the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads thought proper to employ a clerk, and he
did so, accoiding to my recollection, upon a dis-
1 tinct refusal of the House to pay him. I do not
I think, therefore, that there is any principle which
| will justify us in paying him. 1 would rathergive
| ten times the sum for some other object,
j I hope the House of Representatives will not
i allow itself to be trifled with in this way. I have
i known repeated instances, in my experience, of
| this kind, when attempts have been made to get
! clerks, but more frequently in the executive branch
! of the Government, where we have refused ex-
! presalyto allow them, and where, notwithstanding
I they were employed, we have been called upon
j to pay them. There are several instances now,
| which I hope will come up during the discussion
j of the appropriation bills, where it will be found
; that executive officers have asked for appro-
I priations of money for particular purposes, such
I as the building of houses, offices, or something
! else, which were refused, but where they have gone
i on to spend the money notwithstanding. Now,
j with what propriety can we refuse to pay any debts
they choose to contract if we allow this system to
! go on here? This is a small matter, 1 admit, but
I the chairman of the committee, whoever he was,
1 thought lit to employ this cleik, and I think he
l ought to pay him. We have oil to employ clerks.
1 I do, and every member has to for our private
! business, and without them we cannot get along
| with our public and private business both. I hope
I the House will reject this application. I move to
! lay the resolution upon the table.
! Mr. OLDS. I hope the gentleman will with-
! draw his motion, to allow me to say a word,
' Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say, in relation to this
j matter, that this applicant stands in precisely the
1 same condition as the Secretary of War in asking
appropriation for the deficiency bill. Congress
I had refused appropriations for purposes asked in
that bill, but the War Department went on and
: made the expenditures. But here is a poor man,
i with his wife and children depending upon his
■ daily labor for their subsistence. He has given
; his services for sixty days to the country—-services
I absolutely necessary to be rendered—and he asks
| pay for those sixty days at the usual rate of com-
! pensation, and this House, in its magnanimity,
; refuses to pay him, and yet gives $3,000,000 to the
' War Department, in the deficiency bill. I told this
applicant that although I believed his claim a just
one, it was too small a one for the House of Rep-
resentatives to pass, but if he could come and ask
for half a million, as for the Collins line, he could
get it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Olds] if he did not oppose the
deficiency bill upon that ground ? That is my rec-
ollection.
Mr. OLDS. I did, and ask the gentleman if he
did not vote for it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will state this distinction
between the two cases. There is this important
distinction: The expenditures in this deficiency
bill were generally of a character authorized by
law. We are bound by law to maintain our Army
and Navy, and Congress said they could be main-
tained at a less rate than the Secretary thought
they could be, and the Househas become satisfied
that a larger sum than was appropriated was ne-
cessary to do what the law required should be
done. But we have no law authorizing the em-
ployment of theseclerks. If we had such a law.
and had voted a certain sum of money which was
i found insufficient, then there would be a similarity
in the two cases.
Mr. HART. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. OLDS demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table, and it was
j decided in the negative—yeas 61, nays 72; as fol-
j lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Allison, John Appleton,
i William Appleton, Barrere, Bcale, Bibighaus, John H.
i Boyd, llragii, Bientnn, George II. Brown, Burrovvt, Caid-
I we'll, Chastain, Cleveland, Chugiuaii, Cobb, Daniel, John
; G. Davis, Duncan, Eastman, Faulkner, Fieklin, Gaylord,
(iriiiry, Grey, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Hart,
Hebaid, Hendricks, Houston, John W. Howe, James John-
son, George G. Kii:l(, 1'ieston King, Letcher,Martin, Mill-
i son, Miner, Molon>, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Murphy,
: Samuel YV. Parker, Pcnniman, Peikms, Ross, Smart,
, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Ta\ lor, Thurston, Tuck, Wat-
! kins, Welch, Addison White, Wilcox, and Wildiiek—61,
' NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Bis-.i'il, Albert G. Blown,
' Busby, E. Carmigton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Thompson
j Campbell, Canter, Chandler, Chapman, Claik, Dawson,
; Dimtmck, Disney, Doty, Durkee, F.dmundson, Florence,
; Fowier, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Green,
1 Sampson \V. Harris, Herin, Hibbard, Howard, Thomas M.
i How e, Thomas V. How, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert
i W Johnson, Kurtz, Lockhart, Mace, Maun. Humphrey
Maishall, McNair, Muiray, Nahers, Newton, Olds, Peas-
! lee, Penn, lJolk, Porter, Powell, Price, Richardson, Rob-
i bins, Uobie, teoherinechorn, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
; Onyen S. Seymour, Skelton, Abraham?. Stephens, Tbad-
1 /Jens Stevens, St. Ma<lm, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Suth-
erland, TownMiend, WaKh, Ward, Washburn, Alexander
I Wlute, Williams, and Yates—72.
i Mr. OLDS. I move the previous question.
The House was divided on seconding the pre-
vious question, and there were 75 ill the affirma-
i tive, and 30 m the negative; no quorum voting.
: Mr. ROBBINS. J ask that the House may be
I divided by tellers.
; Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fuller, of
! Maine, and Chanpler appointed.
Mr. OLDS. If there be no objection, I will
| withdraw the call for the previous question.
| No objection was made, and the call was with-
drawn.
I The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
I the adoption of the resolution, upon which tellers
\ have been ordered. The same gentlemen will act
i as tellers,
j The question \vas then taken, and the tellers
i reported—ayes 79, noes 43.
J So the resolution was adopted.
! Mr. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote by
i; which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
! motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
I motion was agreed to.
CORNELIUS COVERT.
>; Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vole
|J by which the House referred the bill for the relief
II of Cornelius Covert to the Committee of the
!; Whole. I staied the contents of that bill to the
I1 House, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
;l [Mr. Fowlek] also stated that the committee had
;J examined it with great care. It is simply to cor-
rect an error in a contract,
'1 The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
jl the bill is ill the hands of the printer, in comph-
!i ance with the order of the House. The gentle-
man's motion may be submitted for consideration
and postponed.
Mr. STUART. I will then submit the motion,
and give notice that I will call it up.
