1851.
THE OTfGRESSfONAL GLOBE.
"2d. Messages from the Senate and amendments pro-
posed by the Senate to the bills of the House.—September
14, 1837.
"3d. Bills and resolutions from the Senate on their first
and second reading, that they be referred to committees and
put under way; -but if, on "being read a second time, no
motion be made to commit, they are to be ordered to their
*hird reading, unless objection he made ; in which case, if
not otherwise ordered by a majority of the House, they are
to be laid on the table in the general file of bills on the
Speaker's table, to be taken up in their turn.—Seotem&er
14, 1837.
"4th. Engrossed bills and bills from the Senate on their
third reading.—September 14, 1837.
"5th. Bills of the House and from the Senate, on the
Speaker's table, on their engrossment, or on being ordered
?o a third reading, to be taken up and considered in the
order of time in which tlicy passed to a second reading.
"The messages, communications, and bills on his table,
having been disposed of, the Speaker shall then proceed to
call the orders of the df*y.—September 14, 1837."
Mr, RICHARDSON". "WhatquesUon can arise
now upon the report of the committee after that
report has been acted upon?
Mr. EVANS. I had the floor upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the appeal
be laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that by genera^
consent the 50th rule may be read, whicn governs
this case and shows that it is now covered by the
previous question. The previous question is not
exhausted.
The 50th rule was then read, as follows:
The previous question shall he in this fmm : ' Shall the
main question be now put?' It shall be only admitted when
demanded by a majority of the members present; and its
effect shall be to put an end to all debate, and bring the
House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if such mo-
tion shall have been made; and if tins motren does not
prevail, then upon amendments jeportcd by a committee,
if any—then upon pending amendments, then upon the
main question.''
Mr. CLINGMAN. In the confusion that oc-
curred I did not understand the Chair to decide
that the previous question was exhausted. If so,
I should have appealed from that decision; and I
respectfully request the Chair to inform me of the
operation of that decision if it has been made. It
will be seen by the rule quoted- that the previous
question has not been exhausted, and it has been
the every-day practice of all- the Congresses of
which I have been a member. 1 desire to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FICKLIN. There is an appeal now pend-
ing.
The SPEAKER. I am inclined to believe that
my decision upon that subject was wrong.
Mr. EY ANS. I admit that if the previous ques-
tion is pending, I cannot take an appeal. But that
is not the question. It is whether the previous
question is pending or not. I submit to the Chair,
whether I am not entitled to debate the bill. I do
not wish to occupy many minutes.'
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Richardson" to lay the appeal upon the
table; and it was decided in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is disposed to re-
view its decision, and his opinion is, that the pre-
vious question is not exhausted, and does apply
to the engrossment and reading of the bill a third
time.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to make an inquiry,
whether, if we now go on and order the bill to be
engrossed, the previous question will not have ex-
hausted itself?
The SPEAKER. It is very true. It is not
now in order to interrogate the Chair upon that
subject. The Chair will, however, decide that
question when it comes up in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view of
taking up this bill.
Cries "Not in order!" from different parts of
the Hall.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You cannot get it
there.
Mr. MARSHALL. My motion was made
with the idea that the previous question had not
been ordered by the House at all. 1 understood
the Chair decided that the previous question had
exhausted itself.
The SPEAKEft. The Chair decided that the
previous question had not exhausted itself. The
question now recurs upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. TUCK. I submit that this bill was m
Committee of the Whole, and before it was in
order to rise and report it to the Hous#, it was
necessary that each section should be read, and
amendments thereto, if any, should be considered
in the committee. We had not concluded delib-
erations upon the first section, when the motion
was made that the committee rise, and report the
bill.
Mr. OLDS. I call the gentleman to order. We
are not in committee but in the House, and the
gentleman has no right to refer to what was trans-
acted in committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order taken by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. The bill was referred back to the
House by the committee, with the recommenda-
iion that it be committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The House refused so to refer it.
The Chair decided that the previous question had
not exhausted itself; and the House is brought
now to a vote dirpetly upon the question of en-
grossing the bill.
Mr. TUCK. I appeal from the decision of the
the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the appeal
be laid upon the table.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Richardson to lay the appeal upon the
table, and it was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I find we are getting into consid-
erable difficulty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der.
Mr. COBB. I rise for personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the reading of the
third section.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Cries of c< Let the bill be read!"
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move that when
this House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday
next.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to. -
The bill was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of ^America in. Congress assembled, That
nothing in the act appoved September 28, 185Q, " granting
bounty land to ccrtam officers and soldiors who have been
engaged 111 the military service of the United States," shall
be so construed as to prevent the sale and transfer of any
certificate 01 warrant issued by virtue of said act, prior to the
location of the same, or the issue of the patent thereon.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further resolv^l, That the registers
and receivers of the United States loud offices shall here-
after he severally authorized toclfcirge and receivc for their
services in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation or percentage to which they arc entitled bys
Jaw for sales of the public lands for cash, at the rate of
$1 25 per acre, the said compensation to be hereafter paid
by the assignees or holders of such warzants, malt cases
where the same have been transferred by the soldier or lus
legal or personal representative, under the provisions of the
acts of Congress, and the regulations of the Genera! Land
Office on that subject, and to be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States, upon the adjustment of the accounts of
such officers, where it shall be shown to tlic satisfaction of
the General Land Office that the same was loeated by the
soldier or vvarantee, or m case of his death by his next of
km, as provided by the acts of Congress aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further resolved, That the said officers,
whether m or out of office at the time of passage of this
act, or their Jesjal or personal representatives m case of
their death, shall be entitled to receive from the Treasury
of the United States, lor similar services herelolme per-
formed in such cases, an amount equal to the compensation
provided for by the first section of this act, after deducting
the amount already received by such officers undei the act i
entitled "An act to require the holders of mihtarv land
wairants to compensate the land officers of tin; United
States for services in relation to the location of those war-
rant," approved May 17, 1848: Provided, That no register
or receiver shall receive any compensation out of the j
Treasury of the United States, for past services., who has |
charged and received illegal or exorbitant fees for the loca- j
tion of such warrants. j
Sec. 4. Jla d he it further resolved, That nothing in the •
fii st section ofthe act of the 28th of September, 1850, granting I
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who have been j
engaged in the miiitaiy service of the United States, shall be i
so construed as to exclude any commissioned or non-com- !
missioned officer, musician, or private, whethcrofregulars, ;
volunteers, rangers, or militia, who was mu«tered into the ;
service of the United States for the suppression or pieven- j
tion of Indian hostilities, and served the length of time ic- i
quired by said act, or whose services were subsequently i
recognized by the United States. J
Sec. 5 «4n<i be it fwrthur resolved, That in all ca^es \
wheie the militia or volunteers, or State troops were called j
out under the laws or executive authority of any State, and I
whoseivedm defence of the countiy, and whose service >
have been recognized and paid by the United1 Stated "Got*-'
ernmejit, shall bo considered as having been-in the service
of,the baited States, and shall he entitled to the benefit, of
the act to which these resolution^ ate explanatory.'
[Mr. W1LDRICK, from .the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported to the House, as correctly
enrolled, the joint resolution providing for printing
of additionalcoptes of the Journals anddocuments.
It wag then signed by the Speaker.]
The question recurred on ordering'the bill to-be
engrossed and read a third time.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered,, -
Mr, CARTTEll, Is it competent, under- the
operation of the previous question, to call for a *
separate vote upon each section of the resolution?
There is a rule semewhere, but I do not tyiOw
where it can be found.
Mr. WELCH, (in his seat.) _ Rule 53.
Mr. BISSELL. If the previous question is
still in force, I call for the question.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States*, which in a
subsequent part of this day's proceedings .was
laid before the House.J,
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
question of order at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman that while the roll is being: called it '
is not in order to make explanations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill makes
an appropriation of $500,000.
Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!'*
Mr. BRETnTON, when his name was called,
asked to be excused from voting, as he was
included under the exceptions contaiaed in the
40lh rule.
The question being put and taken upon ordering
the bill to be read a third time and engrossed, it
resulted—yeas 89, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombic, Willis Allen, Andrews,
As>he, Bartlelt, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Breckenridge,
Albeit G. Brown, Busby, E. Cainngton Cabell, Caldwell,
Chattain, Chmehwcll, Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb,
Conger, Culloin, John G. Davis, Doty, Dunham,"Eastman,
Faulkner, Fieklin, Fitch, Florence, Gamble, Gaylqrd,
Gentry, GuUhngs, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, ffascall, Hendricks, Hillycr, John W,
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Giancy Jones, Kuhns,-
Kurtz, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Mo-
lony, Morehead, Muiphy, Nabcrs, Olds, Peasloe, Penn,
Polk, Porter, Powell, Kautou!, Richardson, Riddle', Robin-
son, Sackctt, garage, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abr'm P. Stevens, Stone, Stuart, Svveetser, Tay-
lor, Thuision, Venablc, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Wclch, Addison White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates—£9.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Applcton, William
Applcton, Averctt. Babcock, Bocock, J. H. Boyd, Bragg,
Bunows, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chap-
man, Cuius, George T. Davis, Dockery, Durkee, Edmund-
son, Evans, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Good-
enow, Grow, Ilaiper, Haven, Ilebard, Hibbard, Houston,
Howard, Hunter, Ingeisoll, Ives, James Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, Geo. G. King, Preston King,
Landrv, Letcher, McDonald, Meaeham, Millson, Henry v.
Moore, Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Penniman, Perking
Robbing, liobie, Scudder, Scurry, David h. Seymour. Ori-
pen S. Seymour, Skclton, Smith, Alexander H. Stephens,
Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Townshend, Tuck,
Walbridge, Wallace, and Wildrick—68.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which this bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and to lay that
motion upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call for a
division of the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The question
is divisible, and the first question is itpon laying
the motion to reconsider upon the table. If that
motion is voted down, then the .question will recur
upon the reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. By the option of the House
it may be divided,' but cannot by the Chair.
The question was then taken upon laying the
motion to reconsider upon the table, and it was
not agreed to—ayes 47, noes not counted.
Mr. DUNHAM. I believe the previous que^_
tion has now exhausted itself, and I hope the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was -
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time w&y
prevail; for if it 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I risetoa point
of order. The bill having passed; under the oper*
ation of the previous question, the motion to'
reconsider is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is*
