1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
provisions for it, &c., he claims, after Mr. Ham-
ilton, to be the lowest bonaJidt bidder?
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say to the House,
that when 1 was chosen upon this committee the
duties of it devolving upon me were those with
which I was wholly unacquainted. I knew noth-
ing about printing, practically, in any shape or
form, and in governing my action upon this com-
mittee, I have endeavored to keep within the lan-
guage of the law, and within its spirit and mean-
ing. I have felt, for one, that the heavy portions
of this work could not be done by Mr. Hamilton.
We have had evidence of it in every way—every |
evidence thatcan be conveyed to the minds of men. I
Other poitions of the work he can perform well, j
and it is performed to my satisfaction, and I de-
sire that he should retain it.
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting.) Will my :
colleague allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly. ;
Mr. SACKETT. Did the committee ascertain !
at what time the different portions of the execu- ,
tive document were delivered to the House during i
last session of the last Congress ? j
Mr. HAVEN. I cannot say. I have no
knowledge upon that subject. j
Mr. SACKETT. If it did not ascertain that, |
1 desire to know whether the committee can-
not, by referring to the records of the delivery of
that document, furnish that information to the
House.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know anything upon
the subject, but I presume that the message was
delivered, last year, before Congress adjourned.
There is no likelihood of getting it in that time
this year.
Mr. SACKETT. It was delivered,as 1 under-
stand, in three parts. The first part some time in
March, the second some time in April, and the last
not until June.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] asks my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Haven,] whether these docu-
ments v. ere not furnished after the adjournment !
of the last Congress? Now, if the members of j
this House are willing to receive the kind of public ;
printing which was delivered then, we are per-
fectly content.
Mr. SACKETT. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Han en] will allow me to address one
word to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
man,] 1 understand that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] announced that he
had examined some part of the documents already
printed, and that they were printed in a better
stvle than this document, (holding up a printed
document,1) which is one that was printed last
Congress. And I understand the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] to acquiesce in that state-
ment.
Mr. GORMAN. I certainly do not acquiesce
m that statement. The contract this year re-
quires the paper to weigh fifty pounds to the ream.
1 so said; and if the gentleman had had his ears
open, he would have heard it. The contract of
last year required the printing to be done upon
paper weighing only thirty-eight pounds. Now,
if the paper on which the document this year is
printed is of the same quality, or about as good
as that of last year, the present contractor has
failed in performing his contract by twelve pounds
to the ream.
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman misunder-
stood my question. It is not whether the con-
tractor is directly complying with the contract,
but the specific question, whether the document,
as printed, is a document superior—as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] states—to
the one 1 hold in my hand ?
Mr. GORM AN. I answer, it is not equal.
The tyjie is fir inferior.
Mr.'HAVEN. There is but a suggestion or
two further that I desire to make to this House.
I VVJ luitnv-' .
It has been asked of me, sitting m my seat, why
[he committee did not advertise,and bythat means
r-r, h>ds a°"ain noon this subject? Well, I can
7,'Hysav uoo.1 that, that the committee did not
re-ard that, when they came to act upon the sub-
ject ns one of the measures necessary forthe pur-
pose of remedying this neglect and delay. -llley
would have gladly and willingly have adopted
that course; but that it, was calculated to take up
a large portion of time, and would not secure
propositions anywhere, except from this city, and
they could have that communication with the
printers here without that delay.
Now, the public printer seeks to convey the
I impression to the House, that the House has not
! kept its contract with him. Since this discussion
, arose this morning, and while the chairman of the
! committee on the part of the House was reading
his report, I took measures to ascertain the amount
; which had been paid to the printer for his prmt-
! ing. Perhaps it may be of some consequence to
the House to know the facts. There has been
I paid this year for printing, upon the part of the
' House, §4,527 72, and upon the part of the Sen-
! ate $4,393 04. The deduction of ten per cent.,
! which some gentleman has said to me was calcu-
\ lated to cripple his operations, and which has
i been withheld in consequence of thenon-perform-
| ance ofliis contract, amounts to $800, a little more
: or less, as the clerk of the committee informs me.
j Mr. FLORENCE. May I be permitted to say
■ | a word ?
j Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
| Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend, sir, that the
1 reference to the crippling of the opeiations of the
' public printer, refers more particularly to the fact
I j that three months ago—perhaps more than that—
h the Joint Committeeon Printing of thetwo Houses
i intimated that the public printer was not compe-
I tent to perform his work. Now, sir, I speak of
my own knowledge, when I say that persons,
; i paper-makers in another part of the country—in
Philadelphia—wrote to me that, in consequence of
I the action of that joint committee, and if obstacles
; were to be thrown in the way of the public printer,
; and if the committee were to anticipate that he
, | was not able to perform his work, that his credit
| j would be destroyed, and they would not be willing
to sell him paper upon credit.
Mr. HAVEN. I can only say, that ill ex-
pressing my opinion here in reference to the heavy
j portion of this work, Mr. Hamilton is unable to
i perform it, I have no desire to cnpplehis resources,
j Whenever I have expressed any opinion upon that
| subject, here or elsewhere, I have expressed those
| which I honestly and sincerely entertain; and if
! that is calculated to cripple his resources, it is a
I misfortune which I cannot avoid. When 1 am
called to speak upon these subjects, I speak what
I think; still I am not aware that the committee,
as such, have ever, outside of their room, ex-
pressed an opinion calculated to cripple the public
printer, here or elsewhere. One word more, and
I have done. The question has been raised as to
I the time, in previous sessions, when these docu-
1 ments have been delivered?
] Mr. FLORENCE. May I be permitted to ask
I another question ?
Mr. HAVEN. I will yield the floor m a mo-
ment. This public printer says, that the " Presi-
: dent's message and documents are running through
the press at the rate of one hundred pagesaday."
'' That may be true. I do not know to the contrary;
!! but in what way is it running through at the rate
: of one hundred pages a day ? Does he intend that
! this House shall understand that one hundred
'' pa es of new matter, not before set up, are setup
r and proof taken from it per day? If that is so, if
h lie intends to be so understood, I desire to say to
:' this House, that from all the information I can
i. u-et,they are relying entirely upon a broken reed,
] if they rely upon that statement. At the rate of
' one hundred pages a day, this man would want
' but twenty days to dispose of this whole business,
i He has had now one hundred and thirty days, and
!! the only evidence he has given of life upon tins
i' subiectis—under the repeated goadmgsofthiscom-
j! mittee—the first part of the Presidents message
' j and accompanying documents. It cannot be true,
i While I cannot speak from knowledge derived
; from going into the printing office, and looking at
| the facts, yet I can speak with great confidence
I from the results. They did not strike off one
j hundred pages per day, or twenty days would
I have disposed of that message.
I Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question ot order. Is
| there any proposition before the House for dis-
cussion ? .
j The SPEAKER. There is no proposition
■ S pending which would authorize debate. I he gen-
i tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gort.u \n] rose and asked
1 the indulgence of the House, which was extended
to hiiYi. Ever since, the discussion has progressed
alone by the courtesy of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I then object to further debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
submit a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is upon the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood the Speaker
to say that there was nothing before the House,
and 1 rose to submit a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dean,] to the left of the Chair, rose
to a point of order, and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the homestead bill.
; Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that proposition
j will be voted down.
; Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman from New York
; to my right yields the floor. When interrupted I
| had commenced to say that I had concluded the
j statement I was making, I intended to close what
i I had to state upon the subject, by moving the
> printing of the report which was read by the chair-
! man of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Gor-
] man.]
I Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. What are the politics
of the persons who have been selected?
i Mr. HAVEN. There are now so many shades
' of politics that I cannot tell.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print is in
order.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er 
Mr. DEAN. Does not the question now recur
upon the motion I have submitted?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to have withdrawn his
motion at the request of his colleague.
Mr. DEAN. Not at all. My motion was not
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. That then being the condi-
tion of the case, the motion of the gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Haven] to print is not in order.
Mr. DEAN. I yielded to my colleague only
for explanation.
The SPEAKER. It is only to be wondered,
in consequence of the confusion prevailing in the
House, that more misunderstandings do not occur
between the Chair and gentlemen upon the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I stated that I would only yield
for explanation, my colleague having requested
the floor only a moment. 1 do not withdraw my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state as he
understands the matter. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dean] rose in his place, cut off the
debate by raising a question of order, and moved
that the rules be suspended and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The Chair then under-
stood the gentleman from New York to withdraw
that motion at the request of his colleague.
Mr. DEAN. I, however, did not.
The SPEAKER. His colleague, therefore, sub-
mitted a motion to print, upon which the Chair
recognized the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] now states that he did not withdraw his mo-
tion to go into committee, and therefore the motion
of his colleague [Mr. Haven] is not in order, nor
is the gentleman from Mississippi entitled to the
floor. ^ .
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I suppose to
be a privileged question; for I must acknowledge
that I am not conversant with the rules of the
House. It is this: The chairman of the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing submitted a report. His col-
league upon the committee [Mr. Haven] had the
consent of the House to review that report, and to
make a statement of facts connected with the pub-
lic printing. Before he resigned the floor the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Dean] rose in his
place to a question of order, as to whether there
was anything before the House, and whether dis-
cussion was in order. The Speaker decided there
was nothing before the House, inasmuch as no
motion had been submitted. The gentleman took
his seat.
Mr. DEAN. I beg to say to the gentleman
that he is mistaken. I have not taken my seat
since. „ _T
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from New
York continued his remarks, and concluded by
making a motion to print the report of the Gom-
mittee on Printing. The gentleman from Missis-
