1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call it up
at any time in the morning hour. Reports from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
ftre now in order.
POSTAGE ON THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to report the
following joint resolution:
Joint resolution providing for the distribution of the laws of
Congress and the debates thereon.
With a. view to the cheap circulation of the Jaws ofCon-
gress ami the debates contributing to the true interpretation
thereof, and to make free the communication between the
representative and constituent bodies:
Resolved by the Senate and Jrlouseof Representatives of
the United States of -America in Congress assembled, That
from and after the present session ofCongress the Congres-
bioi'ial Globe and Appendix, which ooiiiam the law* and the
debates thereon, shall pass free through the mails so lmig
as the same shall be published by order of Congress : Pro-
vided, That nothing herein shall be construed to authorize
the circulation of the Daily Globe free oi postage.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
Mr. OLDS. I ask that the resolution may be
put upon its passage. It is not necessary that I
should explain it, as its object, I presume, is under-
stood by every member of the House.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. When shall it have a third
reading ?
[Cries of" Now!" " Now !"]
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to inquire ol the chair-
man of the committee whether these laws cannot
be now distributed free by the frank of the Clerk 5
Mr. OLDS. There is no doubt but what mem-
bers of Congress have the right to frank the Con-
gressional Globe. It is printed by order of Con-
gress and is, therefore, a public document. It is
the only publication which does any justice to this
House before the country. The proceedings of
both the Senate and House of Representatives
are reported in the Congressional Globe; and the
country, by the circulation of that publication can
understand, precisely the relative importance of the
two Hoi'"^, and precisely what is done in the two
Houses* !"it t- ke, sir, the Union or National In-
telligencer, and you find a full report of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate but o very meagre account
of the Mouse proceedings, inasmuch as the House
pays nothing for the insertion of its proceedings
in those two papers.
A Member. These papers contain a wretched
skeleton of the proceedings of the House.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir, as a friend near me says,
they are but wretched skeletons. Members of
Congress have received communications from all
portions of the country with regard to the unfair-
ness with which the proceedings of this House
are known or represented in the country. The
people know nothing of what is going on here,
and the only way they can know is by the circu-
lation of the Congressional Globe. Mr. Rives
does not propose to raise the price of the Globe
at all. If it can be circulated free, without the
frank of members of Congress, to subscribers, it
will be taken into the country, and we shall be
fairly represented The Appendix to the Globe
will hereafter contain all the laws passed at each
session of Congress. Thus, we will not only
give greater circulation in the country to the pro-
ceedings of both Houses in an authentic form,
but the laws themselves, which those debates and
proceedings serve to illustrate and explain.
Mr. DUNCAN. The object of the resolution,
then, is that the subscribers of the Congressional
Globe may receive it free of postage.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir: but not the Daily Globe.
Mr DUNHAM. I certainly shall not vote for
the resolution. While I am perfectly willing
there shall be such a modification of the postage
law as shall put the Congressional Globe upon a
footing with the other newspapers of the country,
I can see no reason why it should be put upon o
more favorable one.
Mr. OLDS. I have but a word to say m rela-
tion to that. We do not know the new postage
bill will become a law. We have no evidence of it
at Ml. The Congressional Globe now goes through
' he mail as transient matter, and the postage upon
it for a long session of Congress is more than nine
dollars.
Mr. DUNi JAM. That was the very thing to
which I was coming. I undeistood that point
perfectly well. My opposition to the resolution
ic this: white [ am wdlifg r° fake aw^v the ob-
jection to which the gentleman alluded, and to
provide that the Congressional Globe shall go as
a regular newspaper, I am not willing that it
shall go free through the mails of the country.
There is no more propriety in allowing this pub-
lication that privilege than any other newspaper
in the United States. The Globe is for the inform-
ation of the people, and so is every other news-
paper published in the country. It should be
simply put upon si footing with other papers, and
not privileged over that of others. If the gentle-
|| man will so modify his resolution that the Con-
ji gressional Globe shall pay the same rate of post-
M age as other newspapers, as if it were a regular j
)! and not an irregular publication, I will vote for it; «
11 but i will never give my vote that it shall go [
\[ through the mails of the country free.
m Mr. CARTTER. I do not wish to discuss this !
ji proposition, but it occurs to me there is a good j
ji reason for distinguishing between this paper and !
[t others. The matter here proposed to be sent free i
i of postage is exclusively Congressional, and in <
' that particular unlike any other newspaper publi- '
| cation; but I do not wish to discuss it. 1 think it r
j ought to be passed, and with a view of facilita-
| ting that result, I call for the previous question.
' [Cries of "That is right! "That is right!"]
The call for the previous question was seconded, ;
I and the main question was ordered to be put. i
The question was then taken, and the resolution i
. was passed. !
Mr. CARTTER. I move to reconsider the ;
vote by which the joint resolution was adopted, \
and that that motion be laid upon the table. i
The latter motion was agreed to. ^
POST ROUTE BILL. j
: Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Committee i
i on the Post Office and Post Roads to report " a bill j
| to establish certain post routes." '•
\ The lull was read a first and second time by its j
l title. '
Air. OLDS i wish to say with reference to '
that lull that we have endeavored to make it satis- ;
, factory to all the members of the House. It is i
not necessary that the bill shall be read, as each i
1 member has examined it and axceitamed that it I
1 contains what he desired. 1 therefore move to
| dispense with its residing, and that it be put upon
: its "passage. It contains nothing but post routes.
| Mr. MACE. I have an amendment to offer.
; Mr. OLDS. I wish to say one word in regard
j to offering amendments to this bill. I gave notice 1
j in the House more than five weeks ago, and again j
! about two weeks since, to members to have their,
, post routes all before the committee, that they ;
' might be embodied in this bill when it came before !
the House, and to obviate the necessity of having !
j the bill printed, or taking up the time of the House !
; m submitting amendments. If it is now to be
: opened for amendments, we may spend two or |
: threw days in its consideration. Let the amend-
' ments go over to the short session, and let an-
i other post route bill be then reported.
I Mr. MACE. I will ask that my amendment!
i be read. '
! Mr. OLDS. I will make the suggestion that:
i the bill go bock to the Committee on the Post;
' Office and Post Roads,and gentlemen can then go .
> to the committee room and see that their amend- j
! ments are inserted.
Mr. MACE. I withdraw my amendment, ^
! Mi. OLDS. I move that the bill be recommitted ;
1 to the Committee on the Post Office and Postj
• Roads.
Mr. COBB. A great many members have
amendments to offer. I have no doubt that when
1 it gets to the Senate it will be amended. I do
not see why it should be recommitted to the com-
, mittee.
! Mr. HOUSTON I call for the previous ques-
. tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand tlv -previous question as being called ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hncnnt h^ard the
\ demand for the previous question,
i Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the motion is
! to recommit the bill. I called the previous ques-
; tion, with a view to have the bill recommitted, if
i| it is possible, without any further discussion at
!; all.
j; The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that
j, the call for the previous question \vas not heard at
;■ all The gt-m,!eman from Tennes&ee [Mr. John-
son] was recognized, and if he claim# the floor in
entitled to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made the demand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear th®
gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the proposition
is to recommit the bill, or to put it upon its pa* 
sage under the operation of the previous question,
without having it read. There are a great many
gentlemen here interested in the establishment of
post routes running through their districts, and it
seems to be a strange proposition to come forward
with a long bill establishing post routes all over
the country, and ask that it be put upon its pas-
sage without even having it printed or read. It is
true that the chairman of the committee informed
the House sometime ago that the bill was in course
of preparation, and called upon gentlemen to pre-
sent to the committee their amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. The proposition is to recom-
mit the bill, for the purpose of allowing members
to go down to the committee room, examine, and
see if their routes are in the bill. My object was
simply to accomplish that end, and get through
with this matter. I understand from the gentle-
man who is at the head of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads,that it has beenusual,
with a solitary exception, to pass this bill without
printing, and the committee always allowed mem-
bers to see whether their routes were in th* bill.
That is the proposition now.
Mr. FOSVLER. 1 desire that the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office asd Post Roads
may withdraw his motion to recommit, and that
we may pass this bill at once. I think I can sat-
isfy the House that there will be no injustice done.
Every post route has been carefully examined by
the committee, and, I believe, in every single in-
stance, the committee have referred to gentlemen
in this House who have entered petitions. All
have been consulted already. I believe it is usual
to pa&s the bill without reading it. I hope th©
gentleman will withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. JOHNSON. In this connection I am sorry
to inform one of the members of the committee
that his information is incorrect. I have had va-
rious petitions and applications forwarded to rne,
and, under the rules of the House, I have referred
them to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, but I have never received any inform-
ation fiom the chairman of any meeting of the
committee, or as to whether any of the routes
based upon these applications were embraced in
the bill or not.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman allow me to
inform him that, unless he received notice that
there was some dispute about his post routes,
they have been embraced in the bill? In all cases
where gentlemen have received no notice, their
routes have gone in.
Mr. JOHNSON. How do I know, in referring
those petitions, that they ever reached the com-
mittee? How do I know, or how do the members
of this House know, that the Clerk, in making
out and transcribing the bill, may not have omit-
ted some post routes? How easy is it to commit
mistakes? 1 cannot see any objection to the post-
ponement of the bill to a day certain, and having
it printed, so that each member may examine it
for himself, and ascertain whether his routes are
embraced in the bill or not. To report a long bill
without even having it read to the House, and to
say that we must take it, nolens volens, upon the
mere ipse dixit of the chairman—and this, too
when we ascertain the fact that members who have
referred petitions to the committee have not been
consulted, and do not know whether their routes
are in the bill or not—is a most extraordinary pro-
ceeding. And it seems, if you wish to get inform-
ation, you must go in person to the committee,
for the"bill is riot printed, as bills usually are, for
the inspection of each member,
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee Has not the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask that we take up the res-
olution fixing the time of adjournment, of the
present session of Congress.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
[Cries of Agreed 1" 54 Agreed!" " Agreed!'*}
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already
pending suspend th? rul^s The proposition
