1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Fowler] on last Monday, is the question pending
at this time.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for that question.
Mr. HARRIS. Is the motion pending now to
suspend the rules, the regular order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HARRIS. I call, then, for the regular
order of business.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a res-
olution which I am directed to report from the
Committee on Printing*.
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, while
a motion to suspend the rules is pending.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the question upon
the resolution which I submitted.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou^e of Representative?
furnish and deliver to each of the members and Delegate*
Of the House of the present Congress, who have not already
received them, and pay for the same out of the contingent
fund ot'the Ilnu^e, such hooks as have been furnished to the
members of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth,
and Thirty-first Congresses': Fronted, That tins shall not
authonaethe reprinting of any of «aid books • -Jlnd provided
further, That no work thus authorized to be furwhed shall
be obtained or Uohvned by the Clerk, unless he shall be
able to procure a Miffioieut number of copies thereof to fur
lush a complete set to each member and Delegate entitled
thereto.
Mr, DUNCAN". I have an amendment which
I wish to offer.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House. The question is upon suspend-
ing the rules to admit it.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. FOWLER. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to offer an amendment.
1 will promise to renew the previous question, if
the gentleman will withdraw it.
Mr. FOWLER. No, sir.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL,of Ohio, demanded theyeas
and nays.
Mr. DUNCAN" demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays; which were ordered,and Messrs.Penn
and Chandler were appointed.
The House was then counted, and the tellers
reported—ayes 32, noes 105.
So the veasand nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before the
Clerk commences calling the roll, I desire that the
40th rule of the House shall be read.
The Clerk read the 40th rule, as follows:
" No member shall vote on any question m the event of
winch he is immediately and particularly interested."
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to know from the
Speaker if this rule debars any member from
voting on this resolution? I think it does not.
Mr. JOHNSON". J ask the gentleman if the
rule does not exclude all members from voting
who are personally interested in this affair.3 That
is the law of this House.
Mr. FOWLER. That is a question for every
member to decide for himself.
Mr. ALLISON". If it be the pleasure of the
House, I should like to say a few words on fh<*
resolution as I urn interested in it, according to the
40th rule.
Mr. FOWLER. The previous question has
been ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. FOWLER. It is not in my power to do
so.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 87, nays 47, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. John Apphnon, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Barrere, P.ibijjhau^, Br-^ell, John H Royd,
Brace, Bnggs, Albert G. Brown, Hi:Trows. E. C.irnngton
Cabell, Lewi* D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chand-
ler, Citapmin, Clcvclatid, Cullom, George T. Oavis Dis-
ney, Doty, Eastman, Floience, Fowler, Freeman, Henry
M- Fuller, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Giddings, Goodenow,
Hart, Haven. Hebard, ILllyer, Hor*ford, Howard. John
W. Howe, James Johnson, RobertW. Johnson, J Glaney
Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtx, Landrv, Letc,her,
Maee, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, MeLanalwn,
McMulhn. McNajr. Miner. Henry 1). Moore, Morehead,
Murray, Newton, Peaslee, Penn.Polk,Powell,Price. Rich-
ardson, Robbins, Robie, Sackett, Schermerhorn, School -
craft, Scurry, David L. Sejnmur, Origen ft. Seymour,
Smart, Smith, Richard if. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Thaddeu* Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Sutherland, Taylor,
Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walsh, Welch, Wilcox,
and Yates—87.
NAYfi—Messrs. Thomas H. Bayly, Bocock, Brenton, ,
Brooks, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Caskie, ChurchweJJ,
Clark,Clingman,Cobb,Curtis, Daniel, J. G Davi*,Duncan,
Punham, Edmundson, Ficklm, Floyd, Gaylord, Green,
Hamilton, Harper, IshamG. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hendricks, Hibhard, Houston, Thomas Y. flow, liunter,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, George W, Jones, Preston
King, McQueen, Meade, MiUson, Outlaw, Penniman,
Phelps, Robinson, Savage, Skelton, Stanlv, Benjamin
Stanton, Wallace, Watkms, Addison White, and Wii-
drick—-49.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the calling of the roll,
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, said, that as the
question had been raised as to whether members
interested in the resolution had a right to vote, he
should decjine voting.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution had been passed, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the reso-
lution fixing the time for the final adjournment of
this session of Congress.
Mr. POLK objected.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to take up the resolution, and
upon that I demand the yeas any nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEADE, i move to postpone the con-
sideration of this question for one week.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The pending question is to suspend the rules of
the House.
Mr. WALSIi. Is it in order to ask a single
question in relation to this motion?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WALSH, I desire to make one single
suggestion to the House.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure ofthe House
to hear the gentleman's remarks?
Many Mf.mrf.rs objected,
Mr. WALSH. Have gentlemen read Mr.
Webster's speech in this morning's papers?
[Loud cries of" Order!"J
The question was then taken upon Mr. Har-
ris's motion, and there were—yeas 107, nays 60;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Alien, Al-
lison, John Appleton, William Appleton, Babcock, Bibig-
haus, Bisseli, Bocock, Bragg, Brockimulge, Brenton,Brigg-,
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Bushy, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Ca^kie,
Chandler, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Chng-
man, Curtis, John G.Davis, Dunmick, Duncan, Durkee,
Eastman, Edmundson, Faulkner, Ficklm, Fitch, Floyd,
Thomas J. I). Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodrich, Green,
Hamilton. I sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haven,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Horsi'ord, Houston,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Hunter, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Robeit
W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jone*, Kur'z, Landry, Letcher,
Loekhart, Martin, McMuliin, McNair. Molony, Henry D.
Mooie, Morehead, Murphy,Murray, Naher*, Newton, Olds,
Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Perm, Perkins, Powell, Richard-
son, liobie, Robinson, Ro.<s, Savage, Schoolciaft, Origen
| S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton,
| Abr'm P. Stephens, Thaddens Steven®, St. Martin, Strat-
| ton, Thur?ton, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace,
Wa-dihurn, Waikin0, and Yates—107.
NAYS—Me-.«r*. Thorna* H. Bayly, Barrere, John H.
Boyd, Biooks, George H. Brown, E. Cairmgton CabeJJ,
Chapman, Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Daniel, Disney, Doty,
Dunham, Florence, Fowler, Goodenow, Grey, Harper,
Hart, Haw^, Hebard, Howard, John Johnson, George W.
Jones, George G King, Kulins, Mace, Mann, MeLauahan,
Meade, Miller, Millsoh, Miner, John Moore, Outlaw, Peas-
lee, Ptmmman, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Robbins, Sackctt,
Schermerhorn, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Stanly, Richard
H. Stanton, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Walsh,
Ward, Welch, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox,
Wildnck, and Williams—60.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
1 Pending the call of the roll,
1 Mr. MEA DE said: I voted for a suspension of
' the rules, believing that we ought to fix the day
; of adjournment. Since I gave my vote the chair-
1 man of the Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr.
: Bayly] has given an intimation 
I [Loud cries of44 Object!" and " Order!'5]
j The SPEAKER. Debateis out of order. No
j remai-k is in order.
Mr. MEADE. Well, I am at liberty, T sup-
| pose, to change my vote, voting in the dark. I
i wanted to hearsomethmg from thechairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations 
[Loud cries of u Object!" and " Order !"]
Mr. MEADE. Then 1 will vote in the nega-
tive.
LANDS FOR THE INDIGENT INSANE-
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Speaker, there is a bill
upon the Speaker's table, which has been lying*
there for action for some time. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take it up, with a
view of appointing some future day for its con-
sideration. It is a bill for the relief of the indigent
insane. A large majority of the House are in
favor of it; but I wish to have some day designa-
ted for its consideration,
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to take up that bill, ar.d upon
that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BISSELL. The question is not distinctly
understood.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from North Carolina
moves to suspend the lules of the House for the
purpose of taking up and acting upon House bill
No. 76, making a errant of public lands to the sev-
eral Stat- s of the Union for the benefit of indigent
insane persons.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ly's motion, and there were—yeas 100, nays 53;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Aflison,
William Appleton. Barrere, Bell, Ribighau*, Brssell, John
H. Boyd, Brenton, Brings, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Geo.
H. Brown, Buriovvs, £. C. Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Cullom, George T- Davis, Doty, Duncan,
Ficklm, Florence, Fowler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Gaylord, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Green,
Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws. Haven, Hebard, Hors-
/ord, John W. Howe, {'homa* M Howe, Jamess Johnt-on,
George G King, Kuhn-., Kuitz, Landry, Mann, Martin,
McLanahan, McNair, Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore,
John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel
W. Parker, Pi-a^lee, Penniman, Perkms, Porter, Price,
Richardson, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Origen S.
Seymour, Skelton, Smart. Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton , Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stratum, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston,
Townshend, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn. Wat-
ton*, Welch, Addison White, Alexander White, WiThams,
and Yates—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, ttnhcoek, Thomas H. Bo-
cock, Bu*by, Joseph Cahn . Caskie, Chastam, Da^ipl. John
G. Davis, Dimmick, Dis- <; . Dunham, Duikfv, Edtnnnd-
s«oii, FIoj d, Thomas J. 7). Fuller, Grey, Hamilton, leham
G. Harris, Hart. Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, How-
ard, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Andrew Johnson. John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones. J. Glrtncy
Jones, Preston King, Mace, McMulhn, McQueen, Mesde,
Millson, Murphy, Murray, Olds, Penn, Powell, Robbins,
l?o(ne, Ross, Savage, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Wallace,
Wilcox, and Wildrick—50.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
W1LLI4M SPEIDEN.
Mr. DANIEL. T ask the consent ofthe House
to report a bill from the Committee on Claims—a
Senate bill—and I will brieflystatetotheHousethe
reasons why I wish to report it. It is acaseof some
urgency. It is a bill proposing to relieve Purser
Speiden, who served under Commodore Stockton
and Commodore Shubrick, in the capacity of
purser, paymaster, commissary, and quartermas-
ter, while they were operating in the Pacific. In
the performance of these duties, which were ardu-
ous, it is alleged that he incurred considerable
extra expense, and that he sustained some loss by
receiving, inadvertently, counterfeitmoney. His
case has been submitted to the proper Department,
and they have decided that it does not come within
the act of the 3d of March, 1849, allowing com-
pensation to those persons collecting military con-
tributions and disbursing them during the Mexi-
can war. He is, therefore, under the necessity of
applying to Congress. The Senate have passed
the bill, and it has passed the Committee on
Claims without a dissenting voice. My object is
to put the bill upon its passage, that Purser Spei-
den may attend to it in person before he goes upon
the Japan expedition. He is likely to be gone
several years, and the case cannot be so well ad-
justed in his absence as in hia presence.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. DANIEL. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. What istheamount
of the claim ?
Mr. DANIEL. The amount of the claim is
about $4,000.
The question was then put upon Mr. Daniel's
