1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
motion, and upon a division there were—ayes 80,
noes 38
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended,
Mr. DANIEL,from theCommittee on Claims,
reported back Senate bill No. 217, for the relief of
William Speiden, with sundry amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that bill
make an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. DANIEL. I suppose we areacting under
a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be passed
unless the rule requiring its commitment is sus-
pended.
Mr. DANIEL. I move to suspend the rules
so that the bill may be put upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Can that be done
without unanimous consent ? Can it be done by
two thiids of the House?
The SPE A KER. It can be done by two thirds.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon 'hat motion. I think it
is a v*ry dangerous practice to suspend that rule.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DANIEL demanded tellers; which were
ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dan-
iel's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the rules were not suspended.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION" BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill of the House of Representatives
No. 87, making appropriations for flip support of the Mili-
tary Academy tor the year ending June 30, 1853, and the
Senate amendments thereto; also, the bill of the House of
RepiessrntativesNo. 196, making appiopiiations for the civil :
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year j
ending June 30,1853, and for otherpurposes ; also, the bill ;
of the House of Representatives No. 220, making appropn- ■
ations for the support of the Army for the year ending June |
30, 1853; al*o, the bill of the House of Representatives No. j
240, making appropnations for the naval servicp for the year >
ending June 30, 1853 ; a^o, the hill of the House of Rypre- I
sentatives No. 241, making appropriations for the seivice of
the Post Office Department tor the year ending June 30,
1853, and tor othei purposes; also, the bill of the House of
Representatives No 24Q, making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail by ocean steamers,
and otherwise, for the year ending June 30, lb.r>3, oe sev-
erally made the special order of the dav tor Wednesday
next at one hour atter the meeting of the House, to be con-
sidered in the order above named ; and that they continue
the special order of the day ou« hour atter the meeting of
the House from day to day, and for every day thereafter,
Friday* and Saturdays excepted, until the said bills shall be
finally disposed of.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to suspend the
rules. I have given two days for finishing the
river and harbor bill, which is now before the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say to the gentleman
that no person is to be blamed, because that bill is
not already finished. The committee have pro-
ceeded to discuss it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask a suspension of the
rules; and I think there is plenty of time to get
through that bill by Wednesday.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair. I desire to know whether the
adoption of that resolution will interfere with the
regular five minutes discussion of the river and
harbor bill? I desire to know whether that bill
must give way to these appropriation bills if we
adopt that resolution?
The SPEA KER. It will give place if theriver
and harbor bill is not disposed of by Wednesday.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. If I can I
will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and
ask that the vote may be taken by tellers.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEVELAND objected.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair. I wish to know, if that resolution
passes, whether it will deprive the committees from
reporting during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It does not pro-
pose to interfere with the morning hour.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and there were—yeas 72, nays 77,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abercromlne, Willis Allen, Allison,
John Appleton, William Appleton, Asfie, Booock, Bieck-
mridge, Brenton, Briggs, Albert G. Biown, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cas-
kie, Chastani, Churclnvell, Cleveland, Clinginan, Curtis,
Daniel, John G Davis, Dnnmick, Dunham, Edmundson,
Faulkner. Ficklin, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Hartis, Hart, Hascall, Hendricks, Ilibbaid, HHiyer,
Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, McMulhn, McNair, Millson, Mo-
lonj, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslec,
Peun, Peikitis, Phelps Polk, Pnco, Robinson, Ro* «? Skel-
ton, Smith, Snow, Thaddeus Stevens, Stratton, Thurston,
Wallace, Watknis, Wilcox, and Wildrick—72.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Babcock, Barrere, Bell, Bi?sell, John
H. Boyd, Brooks, George H. Brown, Burrows, Busby, 15.
Catnngton Cabell, Carttei, Chandler, Chapman. Clark,
Cobb, Congei, George T. Davis, DiMiey, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee, Eastman, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Henr\ M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Ga>lord, Giddtngs, Goodc-
now, Goodrich, Green, Grey, Harper, Haws, Haven, lleb-
ard, lionn, Horsford, John \V. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
John Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart,
Mann, Huinphiey Maishall, Martin, Miller, Miner, Henry
D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Muriay, Newton, Out-
faw, Penniman, Porter, Rantoul, Robbins, Robie, Savage,
Schermerhoin, Schoolcraft, Scudder, Scurry, David L.
Seymoui, Origen S. Seymour, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor,
Townshend, Tuck, Walbiidge, Ward, Welch, Addison
White, Alexander White, and ¥ate —77.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rule was not suspended,
clerks' salaries.
Mr. WELCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution from
the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That John A. Parker, John Hunnicut, and
M. Martin be allowed the same compensation as assistant
cleiks of the House—that is to say ,>1,500 pei annum each,
for the present session of Congress.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. WELCH. Then I move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman how many clerks are now em-
ployed by the Clerk of this House, and what is
their compensation ?
Mr. WELCII. I am not able to answer the
gentleman's question. The other members of the
committee are absent, and I was not present when
this resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I would ask if this resolution
does not propose to increase the compensation of
the messengers in that office so as to make it the
same as the clerks ?
Mr. WELCH. The resolution is to allow Mr.
Martin, Mr. Hunnicut, and Mr. Parker the same
pay that the officers who performed the same du-
ties during last Congress received. So I under-
stand it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Include them all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if they were
not appointed as messengers ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I have an
amendment to olFer, to which I do not think the
gentleman will object.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Welch's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the rules were not suspended.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself in to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; which motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
282, making appropriations for the improvement
of certain harbors and rivers.
The CHAIRMAN, When the committee
rose, there were two questions pending—an
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] making an appropriation for
the Tennessee river; and an amendment to that
amendment, offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] making an appropriation for
the James river; and upon the latter question tell-
ers had been ordered.
Mr. MEADE. Is it competent for me to with-
draw the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to withdraw it, with a
view of offering it again hereafter, when I shall
present some additional facts to the committee.
Mr. WARD. If that is the gentleman's pur-
pose, I will withdraw the objection.
Mr. MEADE then withdrew his amendment..
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, moved to
amend the amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
Also, for the improvement of the harbor of Bridgeport,
Connecticut, $6,000; also, for the improvement of the har-
boi of Noiwalk, Connecticut, $6,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to vote
for a river and harbor bill properly framed, and my
impressions were in favor of this bill when it was
first presented; but on examination, the details
seem to me to be open to considerable exception.
It is true that the bill is less monstrous than some
of its predecessors, and the committee are entitled
to great credit m having given us a bill which in
point of extent and amount may be regarded as
moderate and reasonable. But it strikes me that
the pi maples are erroneous upon which the com-
mittee have distributed their appropriations. There
are two methods, entirely distinct the one from the
other, upon which such a bill may be framed: 1st,
such works only may be embraced as are clearly of
general interest to the commerce of the country—
works which stand out prominently as of common
necessity for theUmon—works to which State au-
thority is manifestly and wholly incompetent, and
which are by necessity thrown upon the care and
patronage of the General Government. Of this
character are the improvements of the navigation
of the Mississippi and its great tributaries. A
dozen States are interested in this navigation; no
one State has the necessary jurisdiction to make
improvements. No one State can be singled out
and called upon to expend her money in improv-
ing a navigation in which a dozen other States
have an equal interest, and from which improve-
ments, if made, the other States will derive an
equal benefit.
Of this character are also certain improvements
of harbors on the great lakes;—harbors which
are sought to be improved, not for the local ben-
efit of the harbor itself, but to furnish a safe shel-
ter to the commerce of whatever State may need
a retreat from the storm.
Of this character are also certain improvements
on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, the Delaware
breakwater, for instance, in which the commerce,
not only of these States, but of the world also, is
interested.
The naval defense of the country may also re-
quire attention to some of the lake and ocean har-
bors.
One mode, then, of framing a river and harbor
bill is, to select only these great objects, and to
carry such a bill the appeal would be to our feel-
ings as American citizens, and to no lecal consid-
erations; to our pride and patriotism, not to our
selfishness. Such a bill would be separated by an
immeasurable distance from mere works of inter-
nal improvement, and would have to contend with
no constitutional scruples. Such a bill, sir, the
committee have not, in my judgment, given us.
When we come to read the bill section by section,
we shall find, 1 think, that objects are embraced
which cannot be regarded as of common interest
and national importance, in the sense I have been
speaking of.
The other principle and mode of framing a bill
is, to make it an omnibus, and to patronize some
small improvement in every State, and in almost
every Congressional district. Such a bill may
: crawl through the House like the animal called a
milleped, I believe, for it will find a motive power
in every part of the body. I do not say that such
is the character of the bill we have; a few States
| are wholly omitted in the bill; but if the local in-
' terests of one hundred Congressional districts are
served, that will be sufficient to secure its passage,
especially if those who draw blanks this year are
promised compensatory prizes in the next bill.
Believing, then, that this bill is framed upon the
principle of attempting a distribution of favors, I
have submitted my amendment, and in its behalf,
I appeal to the sense of justice of the House. The
bi41 appropriates $1,500,000, of which $6,000 is
for removing a rock in New Haven harbor, and that
is all which the bill gives to Connecticut. The
population of the State is, to that of the Union,
as three hundred and twenty-four. This bill gives
