1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
We are told day after day in the newspapers
and elsewhere, that the contractsysteni has failed,
and that Congress ought to abandon it. I am
no friend of the system. I am not its friend, or
its apologist. Bat it has not failed. Its success
has been wonderful, considering the amount of
opposition it has encountered. Does it not strike
us all as being rather remarkable, that a member
can take up one of these printed documents on hU
desk, direct it to some one iti some remote corner
of California or Oregon, put his frank upon it,
call a page and send it to the post office of the
House, and that it vshould then be taken up and
carried from one point to another, ancl that too by
contract, until finally it reaches its far oil* destina-
tion, and yet that this document thus borne from
one part of the continent to another by contract,
cannot be printed here, undei the eye of Congress,
by contract ' Your Army and Navy can be sup-
plied by contract; your troops on the distant fron-
tier of Texas, California, and Oregon, can be
furnished with supplies by contract; and yet you
cannot print a book by contract. If these manu-
scripts belonged to a private individual, could he
not get them printed by contract*—and would he
not do it5 Why is it, then, that we can no L do
the .same thing? 1 do not profess to know, but I
will tell you what I think may be the cause. I
do not say why it is we have failed, but I will tell
you what 1 think has interfered with our success.
There are party editors in the city of Washing-
ton—Whigs as well as Democrats—and there may
be such a thing as this going on:
u If you'll tickle mo, I'll tickle vou."
If a member will vote large supplies to a party
tduor, and thus tickle him—and it applies not
more to one party than the othei—why, then, the
editor speaks well of the member to his constitu-
ents, and thus tickle:* him in return; but before an
excuse can be given for voting these supplies the
contract system must be broken up. i>esuics, it
may be possible that paity men, after ail, care
more for the success of party editors than for the
success of a system like this. And they may
strive to bring the system into discredit and to
destroy it in public favor, in order that party edit-
ors may come up and be elected public printers,
or have contracts given to them, out of which
they may realize large sums of money, i say
these things may be. I do not say they are so.
But these are reflections which force themselves on
my mind. And when I can find no good reason
why the contract system is failing, or is likely to
fail—no reason why it is cried down—my mind
dwells here; and I inquire of myself, whether it
is not possible, that at the bottom of all the diffi-
culty in executing this contract system, there docs
not lie some hidden and seciet causes like these?
If these be the causes of failure, let them be re-
moved. Let us iliiig delianee m the teeth of those
who would use the National Tj oaxmy to purchase
favor. Let members stand on their merits, and
editors, like other men, work for what they get,
and the contract system will triumph.
1 do not say the contract system is the best; I
only say it has not had a fair trial, and we have
no reason to conclude that it has failed. If I had
my own way, or if my suggestions are worth
anything to the flouse, I would say, that above
till other modes, 1 should prefer to have the public
printer elected, and that it should he lequned of
him, by law, that he should have no connection
with any party press, Wing or Democratic, during
his service; but that he should be what his voca-
tion indicated him to be—the public printer, and
nothing else. If I had my own way, I should
prefer to have the work executed by a public
printer who should be well paid. But of all the
schemes that 1 have ever seen or heard of, this last
one of the Committee on Printing, is to me (he
most objectionable—objectionable m many points
of view, i do not like these combinations between
Whigs and Democrats. ( do not ^ay there has
been a combination or coalition for bad purposes,
because I will not charge my honorable friend from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] with entering into com-
binations; but it will strike the mind of this coun-
try as a coalition; and however well intended, its
effects upon the Democratic party must be most
disastrous. Talk about the Massachusetts coali-
tion ! Why, sir, the honorable chairman of the
committee ought to have retained the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rajjtoul,") to defend
this business. He is a capital defender of coal-
itions, as he has given us good reason to know.
[Laughter.]
This whole thing looks to me, and I fear it will
strike the country, as very much like a combin-
ation or coalition between the Whigs and Demo-
crats, or rather between the organs of the two
parties, to control the Government printing, keep
the game in their own hands, and pocket the prof-
its. I do not say that it is so, but it occurs to
me that it looks that way, and that the country
will so regard it.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to put a friendly ques-
tion to the gentleman from Mississippi. I ask
that gentleman whether the present coalition suits
him ?
Mr. BROWN. It does not.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand it does not.
Would theSouthern Press suit him ?
Mr. BROWN. It would not.
Mr. GORMAN. I am inclined to come to the
same conclusion m relation to my friend from
Mississippi that he does in relation to myself.
He suspects me of forming a coalition with the
organs of the Whig and Democratic parties. 1
suspect him of doing precisely the same thing
with the Southern Press. He suspects me, there-
fore, of exactly what I suspect him; so, if he kills
my dog, I will kill his cat in the same way.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. Let me say to my friend from
Indiana, that he was never more mistaken. I
hnve at no time sought, directly nor indirectly, to
give any part of the public printing to theSouthern
Press. And what is more, if it were left to me to
direct the whole subject, I would not give one dol-
lar of it to any party editor.
Mr. TENABLE. Wouldn't you give it to the
National Era? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. About as soon as to some
others.
Mr. POLK. I ask the gentleman if he would
not vote to give it to the Southern Press?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir. I have already stated,
and I believe it to be true, that it is wrong in prin-
ciple to give the public patronage to party editors
atall. it destroys that independence and boldness
which should belong alike to editors and Represent-
atives; it begets a sort of paralyzing sympathy
between the recipient of a favor and the giver of
it, which stands palpably in the way of a fair,
upright, equitable, and honest administration of
political justice.
Mr. RANTOUL. The suggestion which the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] has
thrown out, that I might be employed to defend
this coalition, places me in a rather unpleasant
situation; and, therefore, I beg leave to say, in
advance, that I shall decline entirely to undertake
any such task upon any conditions whatever. A
coalition which is founded in piinciple, 1 can de-
fend; but one which looks entirely to the division
of the spoils, seems to me to be entirely indefensi-
ble. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. Well, I have only said that if
a coalition should be completed, better counsel
could not be found to defend it.
Mr. GORMAN. I congratulate the gentleman
upon his new coalition.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, will look over the vote
of yesterday upon this subject, he will find some
reason to congratulate himself upon another coal-
ition. My recollection is, that he was found in
very strange company on that occasion. If he
will but turn to his friend over the way from
New York, [Mr, Haven\] he will find m him a
coadjutor with whom he struck hands m making
this bargain.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 was congratulating the gen-
tleman upon his coalition with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ranttoul.]
Mr. BROWN. Upon the great issues which
unite us as Democrats, we work together. And
on these issues, I believe there is not a more trust-
worthy member of the party on this floor than the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Rantoul ] Those are the issues upon which the
gentleman from Massachusetts and myself unite. .
Upon other issues, there is no bond of sympathy '
between us. The bond which unites us is polit- |
ioal only; and the points of affinity are those |
which unite the gentleman from Indiana and my- j
self, and indeed all Democrats. But my friend '
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] and the gentleman '
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] seem to me to be
united, and to have formed a coalition to obtain
the spoils. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, although I listened with the most
profound attention, as I always do, to theremarks
of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] lam
at a loss to know why it became necessary to em-
ploy two party organs to aid in the public print-
ing? I cannot understand why somebody else
could not have done it just as well. There were
other printing establishments here. There was
the Towers's establishment. There was Mr.
Rives's establishment; and there were others. But
I understood the committee voted down all these
establishments; they even voted down Donelson
& Armstrong, as my friend [Mr. Gorman] says.
And in order to secure to them a part of the work
the right hand of fellowship was extended by him
to his Whig co-laborers, they agreeing to divide it
between the two great party organs, the Union
and the Republic. I ask my friend [Mr. Gor-
man] if he did not vote against Rives, and against
Towers, and against others.
Mr. GORMAN. I did.;
Mr. BROWN. Exactly; and other members
of the committee voted against Donelson & Ann-
strong, and in this way no conclusion was arrived
at, until at last the two Whigs on the Committee
obtained their own terms, and got half the job for
the Republic. It seems to me that if my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] and my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] who was a member of
that committee, had gone with the other members
of the committee for Mr. Rives, there would have
been no difficulty.
Mr. ORR. Will my friend from Mississippi
yield for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BROWN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. ORR. I move, then, that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was put and agreed to; and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
I NOTICE OF A BILL.
!] Mi. CLARK gave notice that he would intioduce the
:i memorial of certain citizens of the counties of Des Moines
! and Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, and accompanying bill
j | respecting land for county seats foi said counties.
jj PETITIONS, &c..
The following petitions, memorial:*, &c., were presented
I under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
I By Mr. MILLER.: The petition of George Itailey, of
i Lewis, county, Misbouu, playing Congress tor additional
, compensation for sei vices rendered as assistant marshal in
: j taking the census of that comitv.
•j By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: A memorial from
ii Anthony Stmrmei, of Philadelphia, for the extension of a
, patent; also, resolutions of a meeting of citizen* of Plnhi-
|j delplua. in favor of gi anting land to actual settler*, &c.
I j By Mr. MACE : The petition of Charles Rutfirisr and 90
I; others, eiti/xus of Carroll county, Indiana, asking foi a
j post route irom Loganspoit. m Cass county, to Camden, in
II Carroll county.
i; By Mr. CHANDLER : Resolutions of the Legislature of
i! Pennsylvania, in tavor of improving the navigation of the
j! Ohio, at Louisville.
■ j Also, the memorial of the Hoard of Tiade ol Philadel-
|| phia. iccomincnding thf establishment of a Light-house
: Board.
tj AI>o. the memonal of Henrv O-Rielh , proposing a kys-
tern ol intercommunication bv mail and telegraph along a
'! military load through oui own Teiritonos between the
, J Atlantic and Pacific State*.
;; By Mr. PHELPS : The memoiial ofJame>M. G'atevvood,
11 of Jlcmy county, Missouri, in leiation lo Mexican indem-
. ' Hitler.
A ls-o. the petition of John B. King, of McDonald county,
Missouri, pr«u ing additional compensation tor seiviee*- in
taking the census of McDonald county irt lb"50.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The memorial of Pameha A-
S. Dearborn, widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Green-
lenf Dearborn, of the s-oventh regiment United States in-
fantry, praying for relief.
IN SENATE.
WfmvKSDAY, .Jpril 14, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton- F. Mor<>av.
SALINE LANDS IN "WISCONSIN.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, <ui-
; nouncing that its Speaker had signed an enrolled
j bill to extend the time for selecting lands granted
! to the State of Wisconsin for saline purpose^.
: The PRESIDENT pro tempore also signed it.
PETITIONS, ETC.
I Mr. GWIN presented a petition of importing
' merchants of San Francisco, praying the lemis-
