1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the act of 26th August, 1842, detailed state-
ments of the manner in which the contingent funds
of said Department have been expended during
the year ending the 30th day of September, 1851;
which,
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, laid before the House a communication
from J. J. Abert, Colonel of the'Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers, a report relative to the con-
struction of roads- in Minnesota Territory, in
answer to the resolution of the House of the 15th
instant; which,
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY, was referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a,communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmuting a report from tlie Fourth Audit-
or of the Treasury, exhibiting in detail form the
pay and, allowance of the several officers of the
Navy and Marine Corps of the United States for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1851; which,
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
JOHN S. THRASHER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication from the President of
the United States, viz:
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to a icsolutionofthe House of Representatives
of the 15th instant, icquestiug infounatinn m regatd to the
imprisonment, trial, and sentence of John S. Thrasher in
the Island of Cub.i, I transmit a report fiom the Socretaiy
of State, and the documents which accompanied it.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
washington, December 23, 1851.
The communication having been read,
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee'"on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS moved to amend the motion as
follows:
" With directions to evamine into the laws of domicil in
tlie Island of Cuba, and to sec if tlicy are not pioper mat-
ters for negotiation and treaty."
The question was put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr! B. said: I do not propose to make any
remarks upon that amendment at the present time.
A Member. You can't, for it has passed.
Mr. B. continued. But I will, at a proper time,
by the indulgence of tlie House, enter into an
explanation of what these laws are, and how jjn-
justly they operate upon our citizens, and the rea-
son why X think it a proper-subject for negotiation
upon the part of our Government.
The whole subject was then referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 believe that the first message
which was read from the President of the United
States, was in answer to a resolution offered
by my colleague from the Petersburg district,
[Mr. Meade,'] a few days ago, calling upon the
Executive for information, as to whether there
had been a treaty concluded between England
and France having relation to Cuba. The com-
munication in answer,to this legitimately goes to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. There
was another part of that resolution calling upon
the President of the United States to inform the
House whether, in his opinion, it was necessary
that our navy in the Gulf of Mexico should be
increased. In answer to that part of the resolu-
tion there was a communication from the Navy
Department, and it is my impression that com-
munication should go to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The chairman of that committee is not
here, and supposing that is the legitimate refer-
* ence I move, or ask, if it is not apparent to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
AfF'iirs
Mr BAYLY, of Virginia. The reference I
moved was a proper one, as the communication
refers to international affairs. I have not, how-
ever, the slightest objection to the reference pro-
posed by my colleague.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the reference to the Com-
' mittee on Foreign Relations is the proper one, I
am satisfied. ,.
Mr. HASCALL moved the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to.
So the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BIL|i.
'.ByMi.FOWLER: A bill for regulating tlie mileage of
members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States.
PETITIONS, &c. -
•The following petitions, memorials, Stc., were presented
under tlie rule, and referred to the appropnate committees:
By Mr. BRIGGS : Memoiial from citizens of New Bed-
ford, Massachusetts, for the relief of seamen at home, and
m foreign ports.
Also, for the same, the Nautical Institution and Slup-
Master's Society of the city ofNevv York.
Also, for the &uiue, citizens of the United States trading
with Havana. ,
Also, for the bauie, the President and Secretary of the
Marine Society of the city of New York.
Also, for the same, the Society in Philadelphia.
Also, for the same, the Chamber of Commerce in tlie
city of New York,
Also, for the same, citizens residing in the city ol Phila-
delphia.
Also, for the same, citizens residing in Ifavre de Grace,
France.
Also, a memorial f#om the Chamber of Commerce >n the
city ol New York, lor the construction of a light house on
Sandy Key, Florida- .. .
By Mr. BRAGG : The memorial of the assignees of the
claim of Francis Collei, praying tor the continuation of the
utie to a tract of land iu the eit> of Mobile.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kcntuckv : The memorial of
the adunni.-'tiators of John U. Meilalton, deceased, pray-
ing to be allowed the commutation to which he was en-
titled. r _ .
By Mr. GAYLORD: The petition of J. S. Armstrong
and sixty others, citizens of Wesley and vicinity, Wash-
ington county, Ohio, asking a giant ot«!aiul for Uie beneiit
o! education *ui the Independent School Association, ot
the Commonwealth of \Ve>l«y.n
Ai&o, the petition ot citizens of Somerset, 1 ciry county,
Ohvo, asking the establishment ol a mail route.- fiom tlie
town of Somerset, in I1 eiry county, to Uie town ol Jackson,
in Licking county, Ohio.
By Mr. WILLIAMS; Two petitions, numeiously signed,
praying for a mail -mute trom Decaturville, Decuttu county«
bv the way of the Uounuage and Swaltow Bluff, to Sa-
vannah, Harden county.
B> Mr. MILI.SON: The petition of Vincent Walker,
and othci watchmen of the Go.-port navy-yard, asking an
increase ot then pay.
Also, the petition ofThomas Muriy, asking the pajment
of compensation liupiopeily withheld.
Uv Mr. CIJANHLRll: The memorial of Patrick llaycs,
C. Massoy,jf-5 and many othei citizens of Philadelphia, u&K-
iug Congiess to renumoiate the ^utioieis hy Ftcnch spolia-
tions 011 the conuueice ol its citizens ot tins countiy pievious
to 18U0.
By Mr. MOORE : The memoiial ot citizens of Philadel-
phia asking an appropriation for the erection ol piers and
harbou. m the Delaware aver and hay.
Abo, the memoiial of Messrs. H. P. &. W. C. Taylor,
and Power? and Weightmun, of Philadelphia, asking Con-
gress to pa\ the expenses ot sending the Ameiicau specimens
of art to the London induMiial Epilation.
can be accomplished by-not «$journingj^ill
the sending: for absent Senators; The Senate cap ,
order the attendance of absent members, or waft,
to see whether or not they will come in. , v
Mr. CASS. I would only sa^ that I do i\ot ■
think there is any probability of obtaining^ a
quorum. , -
'Mr. MANGUM. I renew the motion to ad-'
journ.
The motion was disagreed to—ay'es 10,-noes 10. -
After waiting for some time longer without ob- •
taining a quorum, - \'
On the motion of Mr. MANG-UM, the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 26, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT called the Senate to order at
thirty-five minutes after twelve o'clock; and stated
that there was not a quorum present.
Mr. FELCH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion?
Mr. FELCH. I withdraw it.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the motion cannot be received.
The Constitution of the United States expressly
designates what is to be done, We cannot adjourn
for more than three days without a joint resolu-
tion; and wheifcthere is not a quorum iu attendance i
we can only adjourn from day lu day. Such is 1
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. FELCH. Then I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think there will be a
quorum present in a few minutes. I hope the
Senate will not adjourn until we order some in-
vestigation into the causes of the late fire. I think
the Sergeant-at-Arma might easily secure a quo-
rum. . ,
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of th,e
I Senate to send for absent members if such is its
pleasure. _ . .. .
Mr. CASS. I do not think it is worth while to
send for absent members during the holidays. 1
have prepared a resolution in relation to the lire,
whicli I intended to submit, but I am willing to let
it lie over. , . .. i
Mr. FELCH. If there is any object to be ac-
complished by withdrawing th® motion, 1 will
withdraw it.   . , . .
The PRESIDENT. The only object which
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. -
Friday, December 26, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The following gentlemen have been appointed
by the Speaker to constitute the select committee
oil the joint resolution in relation to the assign-
ability of land warrants, viz: Mr. Dunham, of In-
diana; Mr. Stbi'Heks, ofrCJeorgia; Mr. Harris,
of Tennessee; Mr. Tuck, of New Hampshire;; >
and Mr. Bisseli, of Illinois. .
•BURNING OP THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the'Li-,
bmrian of Congress; which was read, as follows,
viz:
^Library of Congress, December 95,1851.
Sir: It my wry painful duty to communicate to Con-
gress the destruction of the books, paintings, statuary,
medals and other property of tlie principal saloon of their
Libiary, yesterday morning, by firo that originated in th©
room, in a manner to me altogcthei unaccountable, as no
fires have been used in it for a long time, and no candles,
lamps, or other lights, have ever been used iu it during the
whole time thai it has bef*n under my charge.
I have not been able to ascertain the pieeise number of
the books that were destroyed, but believe that u may be
estimated at about thirty-five thousand.
It is truly giautying to have it in my power to add, that
about twenty thousand volumes of books that were in the
Law Room, mid in the two rooms adjoining the Saloon of
the Libiary, are safe. Manv of these books belonged to the
library of the late President Jefferson, that was purchased
by Congress in the year 1815. , ,
'Tlicy constitute the several chapters in the Catalogue or
the Library, agreeably to Mr. Jefferson's classification, un-
der the following beads: Ancient History; AmcncanBis- -
toiv; rcclcsiasiical History; Chepiistry; Mineralogy and
Conchotomy; Moral Philosophy; Law of Nature and Na-
tions; the five chapters composing the law department of
the Libiary; Religion ; Politics, ^including Uie science of
Logifclation, Political Economy, Commerce, Banking Sta-
tistics &c.,) pait of the chapter on Architecture, and the
entire chapter on Music j Dialogue and Epistolary; Logic;
llhctonc and Oiatione, and the Theoij of Criticism.
I Miicerelv hope that the searching investigation Con-
gress will give tu tlie distressing event, which every lovjpr
of science and litciaturc must deeply deplore, will lead to
a detection of the causes that produced it, and to the adop-
tion of means that will prevent, in ail future time, a recur-'
rence of the sad calamity.
With the most respectful regard, I have the honor to&be,
vour obedient servant, * -
JOHN" S. MEEHAN, Librarian, .
To tlie Hon. lyiw Boyd,
speaker of Home Repi esentahves V. S. Congress.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked the
unanimous consent of the Houpe to introduce a
joint resolution in reference to the subject referred
to in the communication just read.
[Cries of "Read it!" "Read it!"]
The resolution was then read the first and sec-
ond time, as follows:
Joint Resolution authorizing an inquiry into the origin of
the laic fire, by which the National Library was de-
stroyed.
RMoioei.Th.it the Joint Committee on Public Buildings
and (Hounds bp instructed to inquire into tlie origin of the
file by which the National Library was consumed, on tile
24tli instant, and whether tlie same occuned from the neg-
ligence of any officer of Government, or person in the cm-
illoynientof either or both Houses of Congress, or trom tlie
detective construction of the furnaces or flues, or was the
act of an incendiary; and also the extent oi injury to the
building, and the best mode of reeonstuieting the library
Room, so as to afford perfect security in the future against
tlie like disaster, and report the facts to the Hpuse. The
said committee shall have power to send (or and examine,
on oath, such persons as may have information touching
tlie premises. **
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to amend the resor
lution by making it the duty of a select committee,
to consist of five, instead of the Committee on.
Public Buildings.
The SPEAftER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to strike out the "Joint Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds," and insert a "select
committee of five."
i Mr. SWEETSER. At the suggestion of the
