1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
sion of duties on merchandise stored in the Gov-
ernment warehouses in that city, and injured or
destroyed by a land-slide; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of assistant
marshals for taking the Seventh Census in Ohio,
praying additional compensation; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested by Ebenezer
G. Atwater, to present his petition to the Senate,
in which he states that, in the month of May,
1851, when the President of the United States,
with several members of his Cabinet, were travel-
ing through the State of New York, he was en-
gaged to fire a salute, and that, in performing that
act of d uty, as a courtesy on the part of the citizens,
he lost both his arms and one eye; and he has
come here, and now presents a petition to the
Senate, asking them to afford him some relief in
his destitute and deplorable condition. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Benjamin
F. Hallett, Rufus Choate, John C. Park, and
about one hundred other citizens, members of the
bar in Boston, prayingthat the salary of the Uni-
ted States district judge for that district may be
increased; which was ordered to be laid on the
table and printed.
Mr. CLARICE presented the petition of John
Potter Secord, and seventy other inhabitants of
Coventry, Rhode Island, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Washington Village to
Rice City; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of De Witt county, Illinois, prayingthat one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land may be granted to
cuizens of theUnited States upon becoming actual
settlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a remonstrance from
citizens of Plymouth county, Massachusetts,
against the restoration of flogging in the Navy.
The person through whose agency this petition
was signed, states, in a letter, that he is con-
vinced, after thirty years' service in the Navy, that
Hogging is not necessary to preserve discipline,
and that this would be particularly the case if the
grog rations were abolished. I move the reference
of the lemonstrance to the Comrnitf.ee on Naval
Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. GEYER presented a petition of the legal
representatives of Jacques Clamorgan, praying
the confirmation of a grant of land made to said
Clamorgan by the Spanish authorities in 1797;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented additional evi-
dence in the case of William Money; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Norwalk, Connecticut, praying an extension of j
Woodwortlrs patentfor a planing machine; which i
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the |
Patent Office. j
TONNAGE ON GOODS ENTERING CUBA, OR j
PORTO RICO.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution; |
which was considered by unanimous consent, and j
agreed to: j
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be in- ,
*tiueted to leportto the Senate, such information as lie I
nuv bf able to furnish- First, in regard to the charaeter j
•iiiii amount of di.-cuminatiiig dune.- exacted on the ton- !
nasi' of t>ie United States entenng the port* oi Cuba or j
Polto ilK-n. in the dominion;- of Spain, at the time and also |i
*uh=e<iuent tn the passage of the act of Congress approved h
.1 uiv Mill, 1832; and second, the character and amount of r
-miliar discriminating duties exacted at the time of tin- pas-
case, ami sub-equent tlieieto, of the act of Congress ap- -I
proved June .'iilfli, 1834. Ii
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO. ij
Mr. CHASE. I wish to ask a favor of the 1
Senate this morning. I have never before made h
such a request, and I hope they will indulge me j,
at this time. A bill granting the unsold residue ;
of the pu!>hc lands in Ohio, which, at the present ||
uiYio, arp reduced fo only two hundred thousand j
acres, by the process of sales, which has been ,|
"oingonm ore than sixty years, stands second upon :
she Calendar. I am obliged to leave Washington |i
for a few days; and unless the bill is taken up i
now, it cannot receive the action of the House.
But, desirous as I am to take it up, I pledge my-
self that, if it takes over half an hour, I will con-
sent to lay it upon the table, and submit to the
inconvenience. I therefore move to postpone the
previous orders, with the view of taking up that
bill.
Mr. UPHAM. I hope we shall go through
with the morning business. Reports from com-
mittees have not yet been called for.
Several Senators. Let us take up the bill.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope we will not take it
up. I have a resolution which I wish to introduce.
Mr. DAVIS. And I have another.
The PRESIDENT, Neither reports nor reso-
lutions have been called for. The motion is to
postpone all other business, to take up the bill
named by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope we will proceed with
the regular order of business.
Mr. CHASE. I am sure the honorable Senator
from North Carolina could not have heard the
appeal which I made.
Mr. MANGUM. I did not.
Mr. CHASE. I tun obliged, in consequence of
peculiar circumstances, to leave Washington for a
few days, and unless this bill is acted upon now,
it cannot receive the action of the House. It
stands the second on the Calendar, and was intro-
duced at the very commencement of the session.
If, however, the consideration of it will consume
more than half an hour, I pledge myself to let it
lie on the table, as I am unwilling to interfere with
other bills.
The motion to postpone was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to the consideration of the bill to grant to the State
of Ohio the unsold and unappropriated public lands
remaining in that State, wnich was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, with various
amendments. It enacts that all the lands remain-
ing unsold and unappropriated in the State of Ohio,
after March 31,1852, shall be granted to the State,
provided that the grant shall not affect any pre-
emption or other individual right, or include any
land within the Virginia military district; and pro-
vided, also, that fifty-five cents per acre shall be
paid to the United States, for the use of certain
Indians, for reserved lands, which, by treaty stip-
ulations, are required to be paid in part to them.
It enacts, also, that on the passage of the act, the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
close the current land business in the State, and
on or before July 31, 1852, transfer to the Gov-
ernor of the State, or such person as he shall des-
ignate, ail the archives relating to lands within the
State, now in the district land offices there.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the amendments of the
committee will be agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask a question for
information. The reservations of Indian lands
are put down at fifty-five cents per acre. Has the
General Government the right of fixing ihe price
of lands reserved for Indians under treaty ? For
if it is not in their power to dispose of the lands
at that price, you will have an application to pay
out of the Treasury the amount they could have
obtained for these very lands.
Mr. CHASE. The answer to that question is
very short. The matter was very carefully con-
sidered bv the Committee on Public Lands. The
Government is bound to account to the Indians for
the proceeds of these lands at one dollar and twen- |
ty-five cents per acre, less seventy cents allowed '
charges. If, then, the State of Ohio pays to the
United Stales the sum of fifty-five cents per acre,
the Treasury will receive the whole amount which
the Government is bound to pay to the Indians.
Mr. DAWSON. Then these lands, which may
be worth one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
reserved to the Indians, which could have been dis-
posed of if thrown into the market, we are to give I
conditionally to the State of Ohio, upon the pay- t
ment of fifty-five cents per acre by that State for
the lands, thereby taking from the lands which are
reserved lo the Indians, and giving seventy cents
to the acte of their value to the State of Ohio.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator does not under-
stand the point. The lands are not reserved to the ;
Indians; they belong to the United States. The
United States is bound to account to the Indians
at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, reserving seventy cents per acre for charges
incident to sales of the lands. There will remain,
then, fifty-five cents per acre, in the event they be
sold, which would go to the Indians. But, in-
stead of waiting for a long period until they are
sold, the State of Ohio is at once to pay into the
Treasury fifty-five cents per acre, so that the In-
dians can got it without further delay. The lands
have been offered for sale, and are subject to pri-
vate entry. -
Mr. DAWSON. My position is this: If the
lands, which were reserved to the Indians, had
been in the market up to this time—X presume
they were good lands—they could have gone at
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; and if
they were now in a condition to be taken up by
any person, I presume one dollar and twenty-five
cents would be paid for them.
Mr. CHASE. They have been offered for sale,
within ten or twenty years past. They are not
good lands, and therefore they are not taken up.
They are refuse lands.
Mr. DAWSON. The Government will not
lose a dollar, I suppose?
Mr. CEIASE. Not a cent.
Mr. DAWSON. And has your State the pay-
ment of the costs incurred in the disposition of the
lands ?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. And you say the fifty-five
cents per acre belong to the Indians?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. And that you purpose to pay
them? Perhaps it will not be $1 25. The com-
mittee may have looked into the matter more care-
fully than I have.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand this bill pro-
Eoses to give the lands in the State of Ohio, which
ave not been sold, to that State. I should like
to know how much land it is proposed to give?
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow the
amendments to be acted upon, I will answer his
question very briefly.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
The amendments were agreed to.
*Mr. CHASE. The bill, now under consider-
ation, Mr. President, is one of considerable im-
portance to the people of Ohio. It grants to the
State the unsold residue of the public lands within
her limits, except that portion lying within the
Virginia Military District, which cannot be ceded
without the consent of Virginia. The quantityof
land granted is not large; but it is large enough to
make the grant desirable to the State. Nor is the
land of much value; but it is of much greater value
to the State than to the General Government.
The principal object of the measure is to terminate
Federal ownership within the limits of the State;
and I think the time has arrived when all will
agree, that so far as Ohio is concerned, the pro-
prietorship of the General Government should
come to an end.
I ask the attention of Senators to a brief state-
ment offsets which- will exhibit clearly the merits
of the bill.
The quanlity of land, unsold in Ohio, on the
30th of September last, was only 216,070 acres.
The quantity sold by the General Government in
Ohio, up to that time, had been 12,616,909 acres.
Besides these large sales there had been granted
to the States of Connecticut and Virginia, as in-
ducements to the cessions made by them to the
United States, 7,376,769 acres; and to companies .
and individuals, mostly in large tracts and for
resale, 1,485,564 acres; and to satisfy claims for
military purposes, 1,564,997 acres. The aggre-
gate quantity of lands for which the people of Ohio
have had or have yet to pay the Government
or its grantees, is, therefore, 23,046,484 acres.
There have been reserved for Indians and salines,
40,547. There remain, as I have stated, only
216,070 acres unsold. It follows, therefore, that
the whole amount contributed by the United States,
as the proprietor of this immense domain, to its
improvement and preparation for sale, is only
2,273,859 acres. This includes all the grants for
schools, colleges, religious purposes, and internal
improvements.
The amount of money paid by the people of
Ohio-—the individual citizens of Ohio—into the
Treasury of the United States for the privilege of
occupying and tilling the soil, is $20,853,694. The
* The substance and leading facts of the above remarks
only, were submitted to the Senate, time and the condition
of business not permitting more without delay of the bill.
It is thought best to publish them in fuli.
