154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
members around mo, I will move to insert- the
Committee on the Library, instead of that pro-
posed in the resolution.
The question was then taken on the aniendment,
and it was lost. m
The resolution was then read asecimd time, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 suggest an amendment to
the last part of the resolution. It proposes that
the committee shall have power to send for such
persons as may have information. Now, how j
are we to know they have information ? I suggest \
as an amendment "the words " that may be sup- ;
posed to have information," instead of the words j
used in the resolution. |
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be in- ;
troduced only by unanimous consent. j
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It has been
; weathev. I request the gentleman from Alabama
I to withdraw his call for the regular order of busi-
j ness, to enable me to introduce a bill for that
j purpose.
I Mr. COBB. I have no objection. I consent.
| Mr. STANTON, Kentucky. I ask the
: general consent of the House to introduce a hill,
i and to jnove to refer it to the Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union.
Several Members. "Read the'bill!"
The bill was then read, as follows:
An act making appropriation to meet the expensedincurred
in consequence of the late the at the Capitol.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmcrica w Congress as-
semble), That the <mm of five thousand dollars be, and
the same hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended, or po
much tlicieof as may he nece^sarj, under the direction of
suggested to me, that in the resolution offered to the Commissioner ot Public Buildings, in discharge of ex-
th#> T ibrirv had been mUcalled and i Pen*ey incurred ill the extinguishment of the late ftre in the
tne House, the Uibraiy has been miscaneu, ana j ^j)|arv n0<>m, the removal of tin; rubblfch, andthepie.<erva-
that instead of being called the iNationzu .Library, i| tion of audi book<  and other article® as may have been
it ahould be called the Congressional Library, or [ saved, and the construction of a tin roof for the preyerva-
the Library of Congress. 1 suppose that by the tion and protection of the public building now exposed,
unanimous consent of the House that alteration i; The reading of the communication from the
can be made. i> Commissioner of Public Buildings was then called
The SPEAKER. . If there was no objectionji for, and it was read, as follows:
the alteration could be made. " l{ Office or Oummissk^kr of Pubuc Bun. iN"Gs, >
No objection being made, the resolution was j Wmiiiibtok, iZRlh December, 1851. J
! 1 Honorable Hichakd II. Sxaa'Ton,
alteied accordingly. ,
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen- ,
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] is ob- j
jeoted to, and cannot be entertained. I
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It seems to
me that the resolution is defective in one particu-
lar. I merely make the suggestion to the gentle-
man who offered the resolution, and to the-House,
that if the House concur with me in that respect
it may be amended without objection. One object
of the resolution seems to be to inquire into the
best mode of making the Library, when it should
be rebuilt, lire-proof, so that it cannot be subjected
to any similar accident in future. I simply wish t
to inquire, and suggest whether the range of in- j
vestigation ought not to go further than this, and !
inquire as to the best means of making the whole I
Capitol fire-proof. It is well known to all that
this accident not only destroyed the Library, but
endangered every other part of the Capitol. The
structure of this building above the House and
Senate is of wood, and both the Seriate and House
of Representatives are liable to be consumed at
any time, as was the Library day before yester-
day. I make this as a suggestion, and I think the
resolution should be so amended.
Objection was made to any such change, and
the suggestion was not considered.
The resolution was then read the third time and
passed. ,
SEIZURE OF THE BRIG AROC.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine, by the general consent
of the House, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to tl n Uou->o, if not incompatible
with the public interest, any information in possession of
Government relative to the seizure ot the brig ^Aroc/'of
Ea^tport. Maine, owned by Z. A. Panic, and commanded
by Captain A. O. Spates, and the detention and imprison-
ment of the master in the year A. D. 1850, by the I-layttan
authorities at the pojt of Jeremie; and also what measures,
if any, that may have been taken to procure indemnity to
the owners of said brig for her detention, and for the im-
prisonment of the master.
Mr. SWEETSER asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw certain papers from
the files; but it was objected to.
Mr. COBB. Many of us have important bills
to present to the House, and have referred to the
appropriate committees, hut \v*e shall never be
able to do so, unless we proceed to the regular
order of business. The regular order of business
is calling the State* and Territories fur petitions,
arid I call Jjpr tliat order of business now.
EXPENSES OF THE FIRE.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, v "With the I
permisson of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] I will state' that the Committee on Public
Buildings received a communication this mornino-
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings, sta^
tin*? that great expense had been incurred in ex-
tinguishing the fire on the 24th instant, and that
an appropriation is needed to meet this expense,
and for the purpose of putting the building in a
condition to be secure from "the action of the
Chairman Com. on Public Buildings and Grounds :
Sir : The late destruction of the Hall of the United
States Library by lire, has left a ma«s of burning books
I and papers, which I am now having removed. 1 am also
; constiucting a tempoiary roof (coveied with tin) over the
1 exposed arches which covcr the rooms immediately east of
j the Library, whieh I hope to finish this week.
| To enable me to pay the coat of these works, and also
| the buckets, axes, &i\, purchased during the tire, and
i wages of men employed to guard the promise* and prevent
! furthei extension of fiie to other pails of the Capitol, I very
; respectfully pray your committee to ask for an appiopnation
j of five thousand dollars, which J hope will be sufficient for (
| the1-*' purpose#.
1 am, with great respect, your obedient servant, ;
WM. EAHBY, „
Commissioner of Public Buildings. * ,
Mr. SWEETSER. The bill makes an appro-
priation of money, and must go to the Committee j
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the :
introduction of the bill?
Mr. SWEETSER. Yes, sir, I object. •
Mr. COBB. I now make a motion to proceed
with the call for resolutions, dispensing with the;
call for petitions, &c. j
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) If the gen-!
tleman will allow me, I ask the general consent of j
the House to offer a resolution, of which I have j
given previous notice, and which I think will meet ;
with no objection, which resolution is as follows: j
Resolved, That so much of the standing rules as provides l
foi calling States and Territories for petitions, be rescinded 1
and repealed. j
Objection was made by Mr. JONES, of Ten-'
nessee, and the resolution was not received.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that when this !
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday !
next. j
Mr. FOWLER demanded the yeas and nays; |
which were ordered. <
Mr. RICHARDSON". Is there a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. A quorum is not necessary
on a proposition for yeas and nays.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to strike out Tuesday, i
and insertTVIonday. * " !
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection. i
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to be !
indulged to say a word or two. If we adjourn !
over till Tuesday, it will be impossible to pass :
before that time upon the bill, of which no- j
tice was given, appropriating: money to defray the
expenses incident to the burning of the library, '
and necessary to preserve the other portions of the !
building; now exposed to the weather. It is a bill
that should be passed immediately, and sent to the
Senate, before its adjournment to-day, for action
thereon. If the House remain in session, reports
from committees will soon be in order, when the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds can introduce as a matter of r%ht
his bill, which has just now been precluded by
the objection of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sweetrer.] The House should not adjourn to-
day before passing the bill. We must sit here
until we can reach that bill in the regular order of
business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is barely a quo-
rum of the House now present. Gentlemen have
; left with the impression that there would be no
! business transacted until after New Year's day.
| The SPEAKER stated that there was no quo-
i rum.
i Mr. SWEETSER. I withdraw the objection
J I made to 'the introduction of the bill offered by
i the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton*,]
; but I do it with considerable reluctance. I was
in favor of a more stringent course than thet indi-
cated by the chairman,, of the Committee on Pub- .
lie Buildings, but 1 withdraw it upon the sugges-
j tion of my friends.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion of^tho gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.]
i Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 withdraw my motion
! in reference to adjournment for the present.
I Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, unanimous
consent then introduced the bill, heretofore referred
1 to, making appropriation to meet the expenses in-
curred in consequence of the late fire at the Capi-
tol; which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Cries " Read the bill!" " Read the bill!"
j The bill was accordingly read as reported
above.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. T move that
, it be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
! the state of the Union.
; Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There can be
no objection to its"being passed upon immediately,
without sending it to the Committee of the Whole.
The rule can be suspended by unanimous consent*,
and we can pass it, and send it to the Senate for
their action upon it to-day.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now renew the mo-
tion I made a few moments since, that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask that the Clerk be
authorized to carry forthwith to the Senate the
bill which has just been passed.
The SPEAKER. It will be done as a matter
of course. *
Mr. FOWLER called for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson;] which were ordered; and having
been taken, were—yeas 91, nays 54; as follows,
viz:*
YEAS—Messrs. Aikenv Willis Allen, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H.
Bayly, Barrere, Baitlett, Beale, Bennett, Bissell, Bocock,
Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Brooks, Alberts. Brown,
[ Burrow, Busby, E. Carungton Cabell, Caldwell, Chastain,
Churchvvell, George T. Davis, Disney, Doekeiv, Dunham,
, Eastman, Edgerton. Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Florence, Floyd,
! Henry M, Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fulloi, Gonruin, Hall,
! Hamilton, Harper, I=shnm G Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hebard, Houston, Howard, Hunter, James Johnson, John
1 Johnson, Robert YV. Johnson, George W. Jones, George G.
{ King, Mace. Humphrey Marshall, Martin, McCorkle, Mc-
: Donald, McMullen. Millson, Miner, Morehead, Olds, Orr,
: Perm, Powell, Price, Kichardson, Itiddle, Robinson, Sack-
j ett, Scbermerhorn, Sehoonmaker, Scuriy, David h. Sey-
1 inour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid
\ H. Stanton, Stuart, Sutheiland, Taylor, Benjamin Tliomp-
1 son, Thurston, Venable, Wallace, Addison White, Wilcox,
\ Williams, and Yates—91.
| NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Alli?on, Brenton, Bnggs,
i Joseph Cable, Lewis T). Campbell, Chapman, Claik, Cleve-
[ land. Clingnwm, Cobb, Conger, John G. Davis, Doty, Fick-
| lin, Fowler, Gaylnrd, Goodenow, Goodiicb, Grey, Giovv,
i Hascall, Haven, Hendncks, Henn, Hillyor, Hoisford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Kubns,
Landry, Lockhart, Mason, Meacham, Molony, Murphy,
Nabers, Newton, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Rantoul,
Robie, Scudder, Orijren S. Seymour, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Sweetser, George W.
Thompson, Townshend, Tuck, Walbndge, Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Welsh, and Wildiick—64.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved that the House do now ad-
journ; upon which question tellers weie demanded
and ordered, and Mr. Ork and Mr. Fowler ap-
pointed. The question was taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 50.
So the House adjourned to Tuesday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE : The petition of William
Nickell and forty-four others, citizens of Venango county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a post route
from Agnew's Mills, in said county, via Lamartine and
