1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
been, and now is, to raise a sufficient revenue by
duties upon imports. The revenue of the country-
depends, in a great measure, upon our commerce
with foreign nations. It is, therefore, the right
and the duty of Congress to regulate, encourage,
protect this foreign commerce as the source of our
national revenue. We regulate this commerce in
part by treaty stipulations with foreign nations,
and in part by passing laws imposing a tariff on
imports and declaring all the regulations, rights,
duties, and burdens of persons and vessels engaged
in commerce and navigation. In order to collect
the revenue arising from this commerce, we estab-
lish ports of entry and custom-houses, and appoint
officers to make the collections. We encourage
and protect this source of revenue from disaster at
sea by the improvement of the external channels
of navigation in all the various modes; the erec-
tion of buoys, light-houses, &c. We protect this
source of revenue from the assaults of foreign na-
tions and from piracy, by the power of our Navy,
which is required to float wherever the "star-span-
gled banner" is unfurled to a breeze. To render
the Navy secure from the disasters of the sea, navi-
gation must be improved, as well for purposes
of national defense as for national revenue. Hence
it follows, that in all the waters where this foreign
commerce floats, and m all the harbors and ports
where this commerce terminates and the revenue
is collected, the Federal Government has the right
to make the necessary improvements.
It may be said that this rule does not apply to
the U pper Mississippi, where no foreign commerce
floats and no revenue is collected. At points where
this objection exists and navigation is obstructed,
Congress may in its discretion improve the navi-
gation for other national purposes. This river is
now used as a national pout road for the transmis-
sion of the mails, and as a national military road for
the transmission of naval and military armaments;
and under the power to establish post roads and
to protect the fifteen States and Territories on the
line of this river in the enjoyment of a Republi-
can form of Government and from invasions, rebel-
lions, and insurrections, Congress may make such
improvements as will " in peace prepare for war,"
and thus enable the Federal Government to ^ive
all the great States in the valley of the Mississippi
the same facilities for protection that is given to
the States upon the sea-board.
It will be observed that all the navigable waters
I propose to improve are upon the external bound-
aries of the States, or so connected with our for-
eign commerce, the national revenue, or national
defence, as to place them exclusively under the ju-
risdiction of Congress for these purposes. My
position is, therefore, strictly within the rule of
the Democratic party, against, a system of internal
improvements within the jurisdiction of the States.
President Polk, in his veto of a similar bill to this,
remarks:
" The Constitution has not, in my judgment, confeired
upon the Federal Government the power to construct
work-- of intci nal improvement within the States, or to ap-
propriate money from the Treasury for that purpose."
General Jackson, m one of his messages to Con-
gress on this subject, sent in the following classi-
fications of navigable waters, subject, in his opin-
ion, to be improved by the authority of Congress:
" 1st. Improvements of imrbois on the sea-board.
"•_'d The removal ot partial and temporary obstructions
in a river already mineable, lying between a port of entry
established by law, on .said river, and another such port on
the ocean
"3d. The improvement of the harbor* on such rivers,
and within such places, or on the great lakes, which are
themselves directly traversed by vessels engaged 111 our for-
eign commerce."
This varies but little from the rule I have laid
down in the foregoing argument.
Both the Whig and Democratic parties, in their
Baltimore platforms, agree that Congress has the
power to make improvements of a national char-
acter; but there seems to be a great diversity of
opinion alike among Whigs and Democrats as to
what class of improvements are really national.
Being a strict constructionist—a State-Rights man
—a Union Democrat—1 have sought, for my own
gratification, to deduce the true rule to govern this
important branch of public policy from the Con-
stitution itself. If I nave failed, it is to be attrib-
uted to my weakness, and not to any fault of the
Constitution.
The bill under consideration contains several
legitimate appropriations, but many more that are
objectionable as merely local improvements in the
interior of States. The objections of President
Polk to a former river and harbor bill, and for
which he vetoed the same, apply still more forcibly
to this bill than to that. Besides, the Secretary
of War has the unrestricted power to spend the
money appropriated as his will may direct. His
personal attention to fifty-seven distinct improve-
ments, scattered in remote parts of the Union,
cannot be expected, and is not required by the
bill. The Committee on Commerce have made
no report to this House as to the necessity of any
one of the proposed improvements. The com-
mittee may be well informed on the subject, but
they have taken good care to keep their informa-
tion to themselves. The House and the country
are wholly uninformed by the committee, not only
as to the existing necessity for the expenditures
proposed, but also as to the amount of money
each improvement will require, the character of the
improvements to be made, and the time to be con-
sumed m their completion.
In short, the bill looks like a series of donations,
amounting to a million and a half of dollars, to
the common carriers of the country, to be doled out
by the Secretary of War, who is required to give
no bond for the faithful application of the money,
and has no instructions as to the character of the
works to be constructed. In the valley of the
Mississippi, the places to beimproved are not even
named. Hunters after fat jobs will beset the Sec-
retary with their schemes" and proposals, not to
make improvements but to make money; and if this
million and a half of dollars does not prove to be
a political corruption fund, a Federal pipe-laying
scheme, it will be because the Secretary of War
is a man of immaculate purity, patriotism, and
sagacity, and not because the Committee on Com-
merce have guarded the appropriations with any
statesmanlike precautions against it. The friends
of the bill seem resolved that it shall not be
amended. They may have the power to pass it,
and we have neither a Jackson, or a Polk to stran-
gle the Briarean monster with a veto; but it will do
us friends no honor, and the country no good.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 rise to make a suggestion
with regard to the mode of procedure on this bill.
I submit to the Chair, and to the committee, that
it will be more symmetrical, and will better facil-
itate the action of the committee with regard to
this bill, if the Chair will rule, and the committee
will sustain that ruling, that gentlemen shall with-
hold their amendments until we arrive at the sec-
tion of the bill to which they appropriately belong.
If amendments for localities in every section of
the country are offered to the first section of the
bill, the debate will be interminable.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask whether
the gentleman is in order?
Mr. MEADE. Virginia has no locality in the
bill.
Mr. DISNEY. You can, then, offer your
amendments at the end of the bill.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
mentof thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COI5B demanded tellers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether it is not too late to offer that
amendment after the question on the original
amendment has been submitted to the House?
. The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that,
as the vote has not been consummated, it is in
order to submit an amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. The House was in the very
act of dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. But it is in order, after a
vote has been taken upon one side only, to pro-
pose an amendment, and to discuss the proposi-
tion contained in it. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order. From that decision
the gentleman from Indiana takes an appeal.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to make a sugges-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have a right to state my
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated the
question, and debate is not in order.
The question then being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?
Mr. DUNHAM asked for a division of the
House.
The House was divided, and there were—ayes
65, noes not counted; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens and
Fuller appointed; and, the question being taken,
the tellers reported—ayes 98, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I ask the Clerk
to read the amendment I have offered.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And also for the survey of the Flint and Chattahoochee
rivers, m the State of Georgia, with a view of improving
the navigation thereof, $25,000.
Mr. J. said: It has been objected to certain pro-
posed amendments to this bill, that they ought
not to be ingrafted upon it, for the reason that no
estimates have been forwarded to us by the proper
Department. I believe that has been urged against
the proposed appropriation to the James river, in
the State of Virginia; and similar objections have
been urged to other streams named—for instance,
the Tennessee and Yazoo rivers. I propose, m
this case, to obviate that objection so far as the
two rivers embraced in my amendment are con-
cerned, by asking an appropriation from this
body to make a survey for the purpose of ascertain-
ing what improvements can be made in the navi-
gation of those streams. The Flint river is almost
entirely within the State of Georgia, but still it is
navigable and connected with foreign commerce.
It penetiates a rich and fertile country, producing
a lar^e amount of cotton.
The Chattahoochee river forms for several hun-
dred miles the boundary between the States of
Georgia and Alabama, and is navigable at certain
portions of the year, and at other times is not.
That is the case with each of those streams. After
forming ajunction with the Flint river, it consti-
tutes the Appalachicola river. From those two
rivers, and from the Appalachicola, there is ex-
ported annually to foreign countries, cotton to the
value of about $10,000,000. This amount of prod-
uce is exported upon the bosom of the waters of
those two rivers. They are objects of national
concern. They are connected with our national
trade and national interest, as much so as the
North river, or the Illinois, or the Mississippi, or
Ohio rivers. There are obstructions in the rivers
which an appropriation of money can remove.
But it is objected, that Virginia is not to receive
anything, that Georgia is not to receive anything,
and that Alabama is not to receiveanything. Why ?
Not because their proposed improvements are not
of a national character, but because their Repre-
sentatives upon this floor entertain doubts as to
the constitutional power of this body to make
such improvements, and because they believe in
the impolicy of exercising it, if the power existed.
I understand that the ground upon which this
bill is based, and the ground upon which it is to
receive public favor, in the minds of gentlemen
upon this floor is, that the objects are national in
their benefits. Here, then, sir, is a national ob-
ject. Make, then, an appropriation for it.
I am free to say, as an individual, and I believe
I represent the views and feelings of the people of
my State, that I do not believe Congress has the
constitutional power to make these appropriations;
and if it has the power that it is impolitic to exer-
cise it; but for that reason are my constituents and
my people to be deprived of the benefits of these
appropriations?
I ask gentlemen, when they look to the political
sentiments and political views of individuals, that
they will not confine their vision to the South, and
to our constitutional notions. Let them look,
also, a little to the constitutional notions of the
people upon Lake Erie, at Sandusky, and at
Cleveland—to the notions of the people at Chi-
cago and Ashtabula. If men's notions are to
control appropriations, let those men who have
constitutional notions such as those referred to,
not have the benefits of this Government aid.
I am free, sir, to state, that if these amendments
are ingrafted upon this bill, I will not even then
vote for it. But if there is to be a distribution of
the spoils, contrary to the policy of the Govern-
ment, i ask for the people of my section of the
country that they shall share in that distribution,
