1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
and that our notions of the power of the Govern-
ment, and the policy of its exercise, shall not
govern the action of this body, and that national
views and national benefits shall control its action.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I rise to make a
single remark upon a single point. As a member
of the Committee on Commerce, sir, I say it is very
painful to m y feelings to hear gen tlemen charge upon
that committee that they were influenced in select-
ing any of the places which they have recommend-
ed for appropriations from any political considera-
tion whatever. So far as concerns myself and
my associates upon that committee, 1 do not be-
lieve that that idea ever entered their minds in the
remotest sense. The disposition of that commit-
tee was to do justice to all sections of the country;
and as the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. John-
son] refers to the sentiments and notions enter-
tained in particular sections of the country upon
political and constitutional questions, I refer him
to the mouth of the Savannah; I refer him to the
harbor of Charleston*. I refer him to Mobile, and
to the mouth of the Mississippi, all of which have
been provided for. And why will gentlemen per-
sist in charging that this committee was influenced
by sinister considerations in reference to one part
of the Union over another? If I believe, sir, I
am incapable of any action whatever, it is an ac-
tion of that kind, arising from such motives.
I hope that gentlemen who have objections to
this bill, will put them upon grounds that will not
impugn the motives of the committee.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Johnson, of Georgia, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "for the improvement of the
navigation of the Cumberland river, $45,000."
Being a ftiend, practically and theoretically, to
internal improvements, I wish to suggest to those
who framed this bill that if any interests have been
neglected that ought to have been embraced in this
bill, good policy would require that they should
listen to the complaints of those whose interests
have been neglected.
As I have before remarked, Air. Chairman, I
am friendly to the exercise of the power of voting
appiopriations for internal improvement, and be-
lieve it to be the duty of the General Government
to exercise the power to clear out all navigable
streams of a national character. And when my
particular portion of the community, who are di-
rectly interested, appeal to those who have this
power under their guardianship, and that appeal
is disregarded, I cannot say how far that may in-
fluence my final action in reference to this partic-
ular bill. If the object for which I now appeal be
not in its character national, if it deserves not the
consideration of this House, I desire not its action.
But that this is a national stream, I appeal to the
action of this House in 1832,-'4,—'5j-'6,-57 and
'8, during the administrations of General Jackson
and Mr. Van Buren. That it is one of magnitude,
so far as commerce upon it is concerned, I appeal
to the fact that there is a trade upon it, amounting
to between five and ten millions of dollars annu-
nally. Since 1838, nothing has been done for us.
We now appeal to this House, who seem disposed
to recommence this system of internal improve-
ment. We ask you to makean appropriation for
a stream which eminently demands it. We ask
you in behalf of those who are in favor of carry-
ing the beneficent action of the General Govern-
ment into operation, so far as the interests of the
community demand it. Are we to be unheard, and
is our appeal to be disregarded r We are a part and
parcel of that great valley of the Mississippi,
which has already been too long neglected by the
General Government. Although we may not be
as numerous as those who live upon the lake
shores, our interests are as dear to us as theirs.
We desire—we demand—not as a favor, hut as a
matter of right, that something shall be done for
this stream, which is clearly and undeniably
a national one. It flows through the two States
of Tennessee and Kentucky, a portion of the
community which has ever responded to any and
every call madeupon its gallantry. We have done
our duty to this Government, and we now ask in
return that it will do its duty towards us. In
1838 she did it. Whether or not there has been
any particular application made to the committee
for an appropriation to this river 1 do not know;
but there are many things the committee have not
done that justice to the community would require.
I do not impugn their motives. I believe that they
did the best they could, under the circumstances,
and what they thought was right; but there are
interests which have been neglected in this bill.
Many members of the House are opposed to the
principle of internal improvements. There are
others in favor of the exercise of the power by
the General Government, like myself, who may
vote for this bill if properly amended, when it is
important for us to vote upon its final passage;
but it is but bad policy for the friends of the bill
to oppose honest efforts made to perfect the bill by
necessary amendments. 1 hope and trust, as this
is not more than the interests of the slieam de-
mand, as it is a national stream, that the committee
will vote in the amendment I have submitted, and
unite the friends of the system to carry the bill
through, as nearly perfect as it is possible for such
frail mortals as we are to make it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Ward] for the same reason that I the other day
opposed the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] 1 call the attention
of the committee to the inquiry I shall propound.
I desire to know of the Chair whether or not it be
competent for me to move that the committee rise,
with a view of moving in the House the recon-
sideration of the vote by which general discussion
upon the merits of that bill was suspended ?
The CHAIRMAN". It is not in order. A
motion to rise and report the bill to the House
cannot be entertained so long as amendments are
pending.
T I desire debate reopened
It cannot be done.
A motion to reconsider
de-
Mr. McMULLIN.
upon this bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN.
The CHAIRMAN.
the vote by which the resolution terminatin
bate was adopted, was laid upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY. I suggest that the object sought
to be obtained by the gentleman from Virginia,
does not, of necessity, involve a motion of recon-
sideration. It is a provision of parliamentary
law that the adoption of a new order lescimls an
existing one. It therefore does not require a re-
scinding, -pro forma.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not in-
tend to decide that question. The Chair only
says that a motion for the committee to rise and
report the bill cannot be entertained so long as
amendments are pending in committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it competent for me to
move that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
gentleman to move that the committee rise, but
should it rise, the bill i« left in the committee.
Does the gentleman submit the motion >
[Cries of 44 Oh no!" 44 Let us go on with the
hill!"]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. No member of the committee
is entitled to the floor except for the purpose of
debating an amendment.
The C HAIRMAN. The gentleman is opposed
to the amendment, and so long as he says nothing
he is entitled to the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not think that the
gentleman should haveraised the question of order
upon me. He will lecollect Corporal Trim, whose
silence was more eloquent than his speech, and I
have no doubt my silence would suit the gentle-
man's views better than my speech. [Laughter.]
I concur fully and entirely m the views taken
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,]
but uissentfrom the gentleman from Kentucky as
to the power of the General Government. I as-
sert, that I never have seen presented to the Amer-
ican Congress for its adoption a more sectional
and partial bill of appropriations for internal im-
provements than the present one. I do not mean
to impugn the motives of members of the com-
mittee; but it is sufficient for me to know—and I
desire that the country shall know—that this bill
is partial and sectional in its provisions. Will
any gentleman of the committee deny that fact?
If they do, 1 will only ask a reference to the bill
itself to justify my assertion. There is no appro-
priation proposed for Virginia, although there are
several streams national in their character flowing
through her territory. Is not the noble James
river a national stream? It is,all will admit; and
yet there is no provision for its improvement. 1
will not charge that the Committee on Commerce
have omitted appropriations for the "Old Domin-
ion" because her delegation were rather too tight-
laced to vote for a system of internal improve-
ments. There are other national streams in Vir-
ginia besides the James river. There is the
important stream of Holston, which rnns through
my district. It is a tributary of the Mississippi,
and ought to be provided for; and before this bill
is disposed of, it is my intention to submit an
amendment for that purpose.
The question was then put upon Mr. Ward's
amendment; and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 35- •
Mr. WARD. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Molony were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 59.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum, and
the Clerk will call the roll.
[Cries of 44 Recount!" " Recount!"]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
a recount will be had.
There was no objection, and the question was
again put, and the amendment was lost—the tell-
ers having reported—ayes 53, noes 73-
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio river
above the falls at Louisville, $160,000.
The committee will recollect, that a few days
ago, with a view to the prompt and speedy action
of tins House upon this bill, I resigned the privi-
lege I had of speaking one hour. I should be
very glad now to speak one hour, to show how
deeply interested in the bill is the section of coun-
try from which I come, but I am so anxious now
to have a vote upon this bill, and have it adopted
or rejected, that 1 would sit down now, and not
consume the five minutes' time to which I am en-
tilled, if I thought by such course that I should
induce speedy action. I desire speedy action
upon the bill, in order to accommodate the coor-
dinate branch of Congress, and give them some-
thing to do within a few days. We have been
subjected to unmerited reproaches for not sending
the Senate something to do. They overlooked the
great fact that we sent them a bill of this House,
which occupied us five or six weeks, distributing
equitably sixty millions of acres of public lands,
carrying out that great Whi? policy which was
devised some yf-ars ago, of distributing the pro-
ceeds of the public lands by voting to divide the
lands equitably, instead of the proceeds, for inter-
nal improvements and education. We have sent
them a bill of far more importance than any bill
with which they have been favored this session,
and it still lies on their table. Now I wish to
speak to the amendment 1 propose.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. J rise to a point of
order. The gentleman does not wish to spend
time unnecessarily.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am obliged to my critical
friend from the Bellefontaine district, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] but he is as much out of the way now as
usual. I advocate the adoption of this amend-
ment for several reasons. We have had no ap-
propriation in fourteen years for the Ohio river,
a stream of about one thousand miles in length,
navigable for steamboats, and which bears upon
its bosom a greater amount of commerce than any
other river, in proportion to its lengthen the United
Slates. Last year the Committee on Commerce
and this House did appropriate $80,000 for that
river, but a Democratic Senate rejected it; and, in
my opinion, a Democratic Senate will again reject
this bill in any form in which you may send it to
them. I think it is a good omen for this country,
when so many of our Democratic friends in this
committee are ready to consider as so much idle
wind the resolution adopted by their late National
Convention, in which they resolved " that the
Constitution does not confer upon the General
Government the power to commence and carry on
a general system of internal improvements."
Now I am for a general system and reasonable
appropriations therefor, and not for a partial sys-
tem of internal improvements. Every Democrat
of any great distinction in this country has advo-
cated a general system of internal improvements,
from the days of Jefferson down to the present
