1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Five Points, to Cas*, on the Susquenanna and Waterford
, turnpike, ten miles east of Franklin.
By Mr. CLEVELAND : The petition of S. Burrows and
otiier citizens. of the town of Wnlee, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts. praying for the settlement of all national ques-
tions bv a Congress of Nations. *
lly Mi. BENNETT: The petition of C. A. Thorp, Esq.,
and othei citizens of Chenango, New York, asking* for a
Jaw to give more effective protection to the rights of pat-
entees-.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Robert Mills, late Architect of Public Buildings, recom-
mending the construction of a temporary Hal! for the use of
ttie House of Representatives on the sue of the late Library
Room, and the use of the present Hall for the Library.
By Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia: The petition of Charles
Fletcher, of Lancaster, for a contract for carrying the Uni-
ted States mail in a hue of steamers* proposed to be estab-
lished between Norfolk, in Virginia', and Cadiz, in Spain.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, December 27, 1851.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan. \>
There being no quorum present,
On the motun of Mr. SMITH, the Senate ad- 1
journed.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 29, 1851.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 22a instant, the record of the
proceedings of a Court of Inquiry, convened No-
vember 20, 1850, on board the United States ship
Cumberland, in the bay of Naples, for the inves-
tigation of charges preferred against William K.
Latimer, an officer m the Navy; which was read
and ordered to lie on the table.
DEFICIENCIES IN NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS. j|
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the |
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, |;
communicating estimates for deficiencies in the i|
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1852; which was read:
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Naval
AiTans.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of James
Corriejan, a pensioner of the United States, pray-
ing an increase of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cherokee county, Alabama, praying that
remuneration may be demanded of the Spanish
Government for the seizure of the property of
Edward Stiff, a citizen of the United States, and
his imprisonment by order of the Captain Gen-
eral of Cuba; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FKLCH presented the petition of Amos
Kendall and John E. Kendall, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered the Western Cherokees
in prosecuting their claims; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. "WALKER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying that the right of pre-
emption and a credit of two years may be allowed
to ^he settlers •« the Menomonee Purchase, in
that State; which was referred to the Conmfittee
on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented additional evi-
dence in relation to the claim of James Jeffiies
and Jeremiah M. Smith; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON submitted additional evidence
in relation to the claim of Calvin B. Seymour,
which, with his memorial on the files of the Sen-
ate, was referred to the Committee on Indian
Aftairs
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of La Crosse county, Wisconsin,
praying the establishment of a mail route from La
Crosse to Black River Falls, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Santiago
E. Arguello, a captain in the California battalion,
praying compensation for losses sustained during
the late war with Mexico; which was referred to
the.Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED..
On motion-by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph V \ Edwards, on the
fifes of the Benate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Baltimore, on
the files of the Senate, lelalingtothe establishment of a lute
of'mail steamers between the ports of Baltimore and Nor-
folk and England, he referred to the Committee on tlie
Poe-t Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. P., it was
Ordered, Tlmt the memorial of William Blackiston and
others, citizens of Mai viand, in relation to the establish-
ment of a line of mail steamers between the poits of Balti-
more and Norfolk and England, he referred to the Committee
on tlie Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordeied, That the petition of Willnrd Boynton, on the
file's otthc Senate, be lefened to the Committee on Indian
A flairs.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the representative*of
William Ru«su*urm, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Revolimonary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Robert*, and tlie
documents H'lating to the claim of Rhodu Frisbie, on tlio
file* of tlie Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he should
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant the right of
way and a portion of the public lands in the State
of Arkansas, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads therein.
Mr. DAWSON gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the payment
to the State of Georgia of moneys expended and
losses sustained, in horses and equipments, by the
volunteers of the State militia, while engaged in
the suppression of Indian hostilities.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the heirs of Joseph Watson, reported a bill for
the relief of the representatives of Joseph Watson,
deceased; which was read, and passed to the sec-
ond reading.  
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, reported from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills that they had presented
to the President of the United States the joint reso-
; lution providing for the printing of additional
1 copies of the Journals and public documents.
I THE HOLIDAYS.
; On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was
j Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it will adjourn
to meet again on Friday next.
MILITARY ROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
ii resolution; which was considered by unanimous
I j consent, and agreed to: t
j Resolved, That the Committee op Military Affairs he in-
; Ptructed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
j military road from Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, to Fort
' Dodge, m said State.
| Mr. JONES also submitted the following reso-
j lutions; which were considered by unanimous con-
! sent, and agreed to:
! Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dnected to com-
; mumeate to the Senate sueh nifoimatton as may he on file
: ni the Wat Owjaitment relative to the construction of a
uuhtaiy road from Fort Dodge to Dubuque, in Iowa j and
! that he infoim the Senate what the cost ha* been for the
; transpoitation of the munitions of wat, provisions, &<•.,
1 u*ed at «aid foit, from the usual place of deposit upon the
! Mississippi liver.
! Resolved, That the Secretary of War he al>-o directed to
| communicate to the Senate a plan and estimate for the
| construction of a military roud from Dubuque to Fort
j Dodge, and the amount necessary to pay tor the survey and
estimates for such road.
' GEOLOGY OF IOWA, WISCONSIN, ANI) MIN-
I NESOTA.
The following resolution, submitted by the Sen-
1 ator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] came up in order
| for consideration:
I' Resolved, That fiv-: thousand five hundred copies of the
j! report of Dr. I). D.Owen.on the geologj- of Iowa, Wiscon-
bin.and the Terntory of Minnesota, together with the maps,
I illustiation'1. &c., be printed; and that five hundred rop °s
l be delivered to the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Of-
fice, two hundred copies to Di. Owen, and three bundled
copies to the Smithsonian Institution,
; Mr. UNDERWOOD. That resolution was
I i passed over the other day at my instance, and 1 am
II so very hoarse now that 1 do not know that I can
speak upon the subject at all; but; I want to make a
suggestion to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.]
1 perceive, from the wording of the resolution, tfelt
the printing is to be done iathe quartofoim J All
the printing that lias been done heretofore has.
been done in the octavo form. By departing from
the mode of doing the printing:, if I am correctly
informed, you will leave'* the printer at liberty to
make his own charges, without any regard .to the
past action of Congress on that subject." This
proposal seems to me to be a departure from the
mode which we have heretofore adopted in relation
to printing. If we pursue it we shall order a' thing
to be done in a new mode, and there will he noth-
ing to govern us in fixing the compensation. I
think our past experience ought to have shown us'
that this mode is not the right one. I desire tliat
this matter shall be referred to the Committee on
Printing. According to my experience on subjects
of this sort, there will be a great ma*y plates, di-
agrams, and engravings. I recollect having looked
into the subject a year or two ago, and the amount,
paid for engravings in a report from the Patent
Office was such as to astonish me. I believe it
amounted to some thirty or forty thousand dollars
for a single volume.
' If we adopt a resolution of this sort, changing,
the form in which the printing is to be done with-
out knowing anything of the number of diagrams
or plates which it may be necessary to print, we
shall do it in ignorance of the amount of the cost.
I therefore think it would be prudent—and I make
that motion—to refer this matter to the Commit-
tee on Printing, that that committee may make
an investigation of the whole subject.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not object to the
reference of this resolution to the Committee on
Printing, though the number stated is precisely
that which was ordered to be published of Poster
& Whitney 'a report. This document was ordered
to be published at the Executive Session of the
Senate, commencing the 4th of March, 1851, by
a resolution which I offered at that time. But as
it is proposed to publish it in a new form, and as
I am anxious that it shall be published in that
form, (that being the form recommended by Dr.
Owen,) and as the Senator from Kentucky has
made some observations in reference to the mat-
ter, I hope the resolution will be referred to the
Committee oil Printing.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer, and it was agreed to.
PRINTING OF THE CENSUS RETURNS.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Bright,
was taken up for consideration:
Beit resolved, Stc., That tlie Joint Committee on Printing
he directed to contract with Donelson & Aimrtrong for
printing the Census returns, upon tuch terms as (hey may
deem reasonable.
Mr. SMITH. As this is a subject of "very con-
siderable importance, and as it will involve an ap-
propriation to the amount of several" hundred
thousand dollars, I should be very sorry to have
it brought under consideration, and receive its dis-
position at our hands while the Senate is as thin
as it is at the present time. I have no disposition
to throw any obstacle in the way of the consider-
ation of this question; but I desire to take the
opinion of the Senate—of the entire body—upon
it. There is very little more than a quorum now
present; and I would suggest to my friend from
Indiana, that the consideration of the resolution
had better be postponed until after the holidays,
and at an early day next week I will be prepared
to submit to the Senate such suggestions as 1 may
deem proper. I therefore move that the subject
be postponed until Monday next, when I will be
prepared to have it taken up, and disposed of at
as early a day as possible.
Mr. BRIGHT. It will be recollected that this
resolution has been the standing order of the body
for the last ten days. I refused to call it rp on
one occasion, when the honorable Senator from
Connecticut objected. He alleged that^e would
be ready, on the morning following, with an
amendment. There is an urgent necessity for
acting on this subject. A part of the returns of
the census are ready for delivery, and ought to be
in the hands of the printer. I dislike to press it
if the honorable Senator objects; but I can see no
good reason for delay in the matter. The public
j contract which we have for the printing of this
! body does not cover this class of printing, and we
I have to disoose of it to other and different persons
✓
