1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
been the progress during the last year, in order
that I may be able to judge whether these are re-
fuse lands or not; or whether there is any demand
for them. If these knds are of no value, as has
been stated, then I think you make out a case
similar to that of the State of Tennessee, and 1
will vote to give the State of Ohio these lands—
such state of things being made out; but I have a
strong impression upon my mind that that state of
things does not exist in Ohio, and I am not pre-
pared to tote for the bill till I know precisely what
is the state of the facts.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Cass, Chase,
Clemens, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Feleh, Geyer, Gwui, Hale, Hamlin, James Jones
of lowu, Kins, Malloiy, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Stockton, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—;28.
NAYS—Mes*rs. Badger, Berrien, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Hunter, Mangum, Norris, Spru-
rmc<>, Underwood, and Upham—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
COMPENSATION TO WORKMEN.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspend all previous
orders, with a view to take up a resolution which
I offered yesterday, providing for the payment of
the workmen employed on the wings of the Cap-
itol.
Several Senator*. No ! no ! no ! no !
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I should like to
know who has the floor? If I have it, 1 desire to
be heard, and T wish that other gentlemen would
he kind enough to wait until I get through.
The PRESIDENT. The {Senator from New
Hampshire is entitled to the door.
Mr. HALE. I merely wish to say, that if the
.Senate will indulge ine by taking up this resolu-
tion, 1 have an amendment prepared which 1 think
will meet with the concurrence of most Senators.
It was suggested to me by the architect of the
Capitol, and involves but a small sum, not ex-
ceeding *>12,000, which will do justice to the work-
men. If Senators will agree to take it up, I prom-
ise them not to occupy any time upon it at all, but
will only ask that we proceed at once to take a
vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It will not pass without
discussion. It will take up time.
Mr. HUNTER, i hope we shall proceed with
the regular order of business. I have been ready,
since Monday last, to call up the deficiency bill,
and there is a pressing necessity that it should be
railed up; but 1 give way to the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Fki.oh,] who is half through
with a speech which he has commenced, and is
entitled to the floor. Unless he is permitted to go
on to-day, we shall be unable to get up the defi-
ciency bill to-morrow, as he will not have had an
opportunity to conclude his remarks.
Mr. RUSK, i shall vote against taking up the
resolution proposed by (he Senator fiuin New
ltampshue now, for 1 trust we shall go on with
the unfinished business which is before us. I
voted yesterday against receding from the amend-
ment adopted in the Senate, m order to avoid
further discussion; and if 1 am not mistaken, the
Senator from New Hampshire voted to recede.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is mistaken; I voted
against it.
Mr. RUSK. I saw then what would be the
difficulty if we abandoned it, that it would be a
fruitful source of further discussion. I hope that
hereafter, when we have any matter before us
which we can dispose of without splitting it in
two, we shall vote against everything of that kind.
Mr. HALE. I consider that this proposition
will fail, unless it is taken up now. If Senators
are determined not to do anything on the subject,
they will refuse to consider this resolution at this
time; otherwise I hope they will take it up. I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would inquire if a majority
can suspend the regular ordei, or whether the
rules of the Senate do not require unanimous con-
sent?
The PRESIDENT. It requires only the vote
of a majority, and not thp unanimous consent, to
take up any order.
Mr. BORLAND. J hope that the Senate will
take up the measure of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I feared when we receded, yester-
day, from our amendment to the House resolution,
that it was an abandonment, or, rather, a final re-
jection, of the claims that these laborers have put
up—very properly, I think—for this compensa-
tion; but if there is a chance to give them any
relief, I think that an effort ought to be made, and
that there is no better time for it than now. I am
unwilling that they should be kept any longer in
suspense. If we mean to recognize their claims
at all—as we all fully understand the question, and
as there is no necessity for any further debate—
I cannot conceive why we should not proceed at
once, at least to relieve them from suspense.
Mr. BADGER. I am in favor of this joint res-
olution, but 1 hope that it will not be taken up
now.
Mr. HALE. Then it will never be taken up.
Mr. BADGER, it will give rise to debate, and
do injustice to the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Felch,] who is entitled to the floor,
and should be permitted to go on with his remarks
to-day.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for the resolution, if
its being taken up does not prevent my colleague
[Mr. Felch] from going on with his speech. If
it occupies the time of the Senate, so as to prevent
him from going on, i shall vote against it. He is
entitled to the lloor by every rule of courtesy, and
should be allowed to proceed.
Mr. HALE. I understood that the Senator
from Michigan would not occupy the time of the
Senate for more than an hour. If this resolution
is taken up and occupies more than an hour 1 will
myself move to lay it on the table.
Mr. CASS. It will then be too hue m the day.
No person wants to commence a speech at almost
three o'clock. The Senator from New Hampshire
is meting out to my colleague a measure which he
would not like to receive himself.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it, although it is so
difficult for me to obtain the floor that 1 despair of
ever getting it again. [Laughter.]
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BADGER. I move to postpone all pre-
vious special orders, with the view to take up the
French spoliation bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of the bill to
provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
the claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prioi to 18U0.
Mr. FELCII spoke for over an hour and a half
in continuation of his speech commenced on Mon-
day, in opposition to the bill. His remarks will
be published hereafter.]
Mr. DOWNS. I desire to have an Executive
session, and I move therefore to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the hill until to-morrow. In
making this motion,, I will state that 1 have no dis-
position to address the Senate upon the subject.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 wish the honoiable Senatoi
would waive that motion for a moment, and allow
me to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
present a memorial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. H w.e
temporarily occupying the chair.) The subject
before the Senate must first be disposed of.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the honorable Sen-
| atorfrom Rhodelsland will withdraw that request,
! and leave this bill in its presentposition. He can
' present his memorial to-morrow, m the morning
1 hour.
i Mr. CLARKE. That will make no difference
1 as to the disposition of this subject.
Mr. BRADBURY. It will be no longer the
) order of the day.
I Mr. HUNTER. T hope the bill wiU be dis-
! posed of, for to-morrow I shall ask the Senate to
I take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to get an Executive ses-
i sion. If it can be obtained without a postpone-
ment of this bill, i would take that mode.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. This subject
i must be disposed of.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator
| from North Carolina made an appeal to me that
he may be permitted to occupy the lloor for a few
[| moments, on a matter personal to himself, with-
, out any postponement of the subject. By general
,i consent, I hope that privilege will be accorded to
'! the honorable Senator.
Mr. MANGUM. I made the application re-
j ferred to by the honorable Senator from Maine.
| I did desire, that by the courtesy of the Senate, it
j would extend to me the privilege of being heard
I for some ten or fifteen minutes, upon a matter
! which might be dove-tailed in as a sort of paren-
' thesis in the discussion of the French spoliation
. bill. But it is a matter that pertains more par-
1 ticularly to myself; arid it is asking a very large
: favor of this body for one so very humble to be
! allowed that length of time. I hope that in the
. morning the Senate will have the courtesy to ex-
| tend to me the favor of occupying its attention. I
!: believe this is the first time m my life, after a ser-
; vice of many years, that I have asked such a fa-
vor.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the Senator proceed now?
Mr. MANGUM. I would prefer to go on to-
i morrow morning; and, therefore, I move that the
, Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
|journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 14, 1852,
:■ The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
; by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
1 The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
,! The SPEAKER. The first business in order
' is the report of the Committee on Printing, upon
which the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] has the floor.
i\ Mr.SIBLEY. I desire the unanimous consent
ii of the House to introduce a resolution, which I
ask may be read for information.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
• Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
sti acted to uiqunc into the expediency—first, ot reportu^
. a bill to allow The bottlers, on the public lands in Minnesota
Territory, who have settled on ^ehool sections pievious to
i the suney. to enter such JaiuH upon payment ri[ the mini-
" mum pnoe: and secondly, ot permitting tin; Territory
. aforesaid to s-cltw-t other land-, ot equal value, in lieu
| tlwroot
There was no objection,and the resolution wan
received and adopted.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. FLORENCE. If my friend from Missis-
I sippi, [Mr. Buuwx,] who is entitled to the floor,
, will permit me to place the resolution I had the
'' honor to offer yesterday in a better position before
!! the House, I will be very much obliged to him.
;1 Mr. BROWN. I do not know what the gen-
ii tleman wants.
}' Mr. FLORENCE. I will inform the gentleman,
i 1 olfered yesteiday, during the confusion, a reso-
,' lution. It now appears by the rules of the IXoube
that a joint resolution was necessary 
Mr. BROWN. Before the gentleman pro-
| gressea with his resolution, I desire to inquire of
| the Speaker how much time f have left?
' The SPEAKER. The Chair understands from
| the gentleman who occupied the chair when the
1 £Jouse adjourned, that the gentleman has twenty
minutes.
I Mr. FLORENCE. J will occupy but a minute
s! of the gentleman's time.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope the gentleman will be
■ as brief as possible.
Mr. FLORENCE. That joint resolution, of-
| fered amidst the confusion of the debate yesterday,
. was not read, as tlie rule requires, a first and sec-
', ond time, and it is a matter of doubt whether it is
II properly before the House. I now desire to with-
|' draw that resolution. It will leave the proposition
| to print before the House, and the gentleman from
i Mississippi [Mr. Brown-] occupies the floor upon
that motion. I will then move to recommit the
! report to the Committee on Printing, with instruc-
tions to report the following bill, which I ask to
have read.
Mr. BROWN, i cannot spare the time for
reading all those papers.
Mr. HA YEN I rise to a privileged question.
Not, however. to occupy the gentleman's time.
Since I have taken my seat this morning my at-
■ tention has been called to a report of the remaiks
1 which I made yesterday, which I now desire to
put right, as u may do some injustice m Mr.
Towers and Mr. Rives. I am reported toay-
i ing:
" The itwt va- b\ Mr. Towers. As f understood, Mr
' Kivos told mc that Mr. Towers would not be able to per-
fojm the woik ithout some aid; that he could makenoth-
> u o out of it it he took it nt hi* bid. but that he would be
