150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
* than, those holding the contract. The joint reso-
lution provides that the Committee on Printing
shall contract with the gentlemen named in it, who
are prepared to. go on with the printing, at fair
prices, I; can see no objection to the resolution,
and I hope it may be the pleasure of the Senate .to
, take it up and act upon it now. •
Mr. SMITH. I have already said to the Sen-
ate that we have very little more than a'quorum
present. There are only some thirty-four or thirty-
five Senators here, ancL it is exceedingly doubtful
whether there will be a quorum in the Chamber if
we undertake to go into the discussion of this
resolution. I have some suggestions to make to
the Senate in opposition to its passage, and I hope
to be able to satisfy the honorable Senator from
Indiana that there are very serious objections to
its adoption-, but I am unwilling to address myself
to only about one half the Senate. I believe it is
very unusuaj^ to take up questions of this import-
ance, involving the expenditure of some three or
four hundred thousand dollars, if not half a mil-
lion, when there is but little over one half the Sen-
ate present, to make a disposition—a final dispo-
sition—of them, so far as we are concerned. I
wish to say nothing at present in regard to the
character of the resolution; but it is a proposition
. to reverse what has been the policy of the two
Houses of Congress during the last five or six
years. Some four or five years ago we determined
that the public printing should be divorced from
the political presses of this city. It is now pro-
posed to reestablish the connection which formerly
existed. If it shall be the purpose of the Senate
to reestablish that connection in the manner pro-
posed by my honorable friend from Indiana—if
that be the real judgment and opinion of the body
—I for one shall not complain; because I have no
objection whatever to the respectable and worthy
gentlemen named in the resolution. But I wish
the opinion of the entire Senate upon the subject.
I am unwilling to be called upon to address the
Senate on a subject of so muni importance when
there is barely a quorum present. I therefore
. feel it my duty to persist in the motion to post-
pone its consideration. I certainly do not de-
sire any delay. I have come for three or four
mornings in succession prepared *to address the
Senate on the resolution, IJut I trust those gen-
tlemen who constitute the majority in this body
will be willing to postpone the question until we
have the Senate in its usual condition, with some-
\h thing more than a bare quorum.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand the honorable
Senator from Connecticut to remark that some four
or five-years since, this body proposed to divorce
the printing from the public press of this city.
The proposition was made and acted upon, and I
ask him, and every other Senator, what has been
the result? What has the sequel proved? That
we have either not had the printing done at all, or
done in a manner unfit to be put in our archives.
The work proposed to he done by this resolution
is important, containing statistics to which we shall
want to refer in all time to come; and to print it
upon paper of the character used under the con-
tract system, and to have it done in the manner in
which it is now done will render it valueless. This
resolution is framed with reference to giving the
work to responsible persons—persons who are
ready to commence it, and to execute it, as the
Committee on-Printing may require. It is not an
appropriation of money. The honorable Senator
says that it will involve an expenditure of thou-
sands of dollars. It is true that money will be ex-
pended, but it is to be expended under the direction
of our committee, and one of them is a gentleman
practically acquainted with the subject. The Cen-
sus returns are soon to be presented, and hence I
find an apology for pressing the matter now. I
am willing to hear the Senator from Connecticut
at this time, and I presume the body generally are
ready to hear him.
Mr. PRATT. In my judgment we have not
the neces&u y information to enable us to act upon
this resolution. I notice that the Secretary of
the Interior, speaking upon this subject in his re-
port, says:
" With the view of enabling Congress to form a just esti-
mate of the importance and vaued character of the inform-
ation derived from tlio late census, and of the admirable
arianpement of the tables, the Superintendent ha?, with
my sanction, canned the returns of Maryland to be punted
tor the use of the unomben* or'the two Houses. That State
wa* selected, because, from its central position, and the
character of its population, soil, productions, and industrial
pursuits, its census presented the best illustration of the ex-
tent and practical utility of the information which has been
gained.
Another object was to furnish a specimen of the style in
which, according to my judgment, it ought to be published.
Such a specimen will be of great value-in contracting for
the publicatioa of the entire work by furnishing a standard
by which the contractor will be governed in regard to the
paper, printing, and general style of execution-*"
I have seen a part of the proof-sheets of the
publication which the Secretary pf the Interior
says he has caused to be prepared;, but it has not
been laid upon our tables; and I think the Senate
should be informed of the extent of the printing,
for which they are about to contract, before they
authorize it to be done. The census of Mary-
land, which, the Secretary proposes to exhibit to
the members of both Houses, contains a short
history of the State, and of each county in the
State, the period at which it was settled, by whom
it was settled, and a great deal of information of
this kind. If the whole Census returns are printed
upon such a basis, they will take up some twenty
or thirty volumes as large as the Documentary
History which is being published, some of which
are in the archives of the Government, and involve
the expenditure, I suppose, of half a million of
dollars.
A Senator. Yes, more.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, or more. I do not know
what the amount is to be; but ought we not to
knowvwhat it is to involve before we direct the
printing ? If we publish a work of this character,
ought we not to see the work itself, and form some
judgment of its utility, before we direct the com-
mittee to contract for its printing? What is the
resolution ? 4 4 That the joint Committee on Print-
' ing be directed to contract with Donelson &
' Armstrong for printing the census returns, upon
4 such terms as they may deem reasonable." "What
is to be printed'1 If it is to be a history of each
one of the United States, and of each county in
those States, giving the population of each, the
period at which, and by whom, it was settled—if
it is to be such a work as has been prepared in
reference to Maryland, surely each Senator ought
to examine it before we vote to have it published.
If it is sufficiently valuable to be printed in this
form, it should be done i© the best manner, regard-
less of the cost. But for one I desire to see the
work—to seethe sample which the Secretary of the
Interior says he is preparing to exhibit to us,
which is now being printed, and which will be laid
upon our tables. 1 desire that it shall be laid there,
so that each Senator may examine it and know
what it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question ? I would inquire if the printing to
which he has alluded has not been suspended? I
have been informed, and I deem the information to
be reliable, that from some cause the printing has
been suspended, and that nothing is now being
done in regard to the matter.
Mr. MANGUM. Perhaps I can answer that
question. I had an interview with the head of the
i Census Bureau, and he informed me that this work
was in progress now, and would soon be com-
pleted, and that it was impossible to form a just
estimate of what expenditure would be required
until that work should be laid before the Senate.
I have no sort of objection to the gentlemen men-
tioned in- the lesolution. They would perform
the duties a? well as any others I ha«e-no doubt:
I have no choice in that respect. But I do think
before we embark in so large an expenditure, we
ought to know something about it. I hope the
Senator from Indiana will not press the immediate
| consideration of this resolution, in the absence of
| such information as would let us know what we
| are about to do. It has been said that half a mil-
I lion of dollars will be required. Sir, it will in all
> probability be three half millions—certainly nearer
j that eimount than half a million. I hope we shall
I not take a leap in the dark. I hope the consider-
i ation of the resolution will not be pressed upon the
, body when there is scarcely a quorum present,
i At all events, before I give a vote affirmatively
upon any proposition of this sort, I desire to know
the probable amount of the expenditure, and this
can be ascertained only when we have the work
alluded toon our tables.
• Mr. PRATT. I did not know that the work
had been suspended. I knew it had been com-
menced, and I have seen some twelve or fifteen
proof-sheets of the Maryland census of which the
.Secretary speaks. I should like to be informed, if
it has been suspended, why it has. We want
that information. I should like to know with
whom the contract was made to print it; whether
the printer under that contract is to be connected
with the contract under this resolution; and whether
the suspension has not been caused by the propo*
sition contained in the resolution. I desire all this
information before I vote upon the subject.
But my great object in rising was to ask the at-
tention of the Senate to this point: If the work is
to be published in the manner proposedi by the
Secretary of the Interior, we should examine it—
we should see that it is a work of such a character
as would do credit to the country before we order
its publication. If it is to consist of the mere tab-
ular statement of the census, as the last was, I
should have no objection to any mode of publica-
tion which might be required. But if it is to be
published in this extended form, according to the
view of the Secretary of the Interior, and as it will
be published if this resolution passes, I say we
have not sufficient information in regard to the
character of the work to vote understanding^
upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I think the arguments of the
Senators from Maryland and North Carolina jus-
tify us in passing this resolution now. If we get
the .information of which they speak, it must be
through the committee. What does this resolu-
tion propose to direct the committee to do? To
print the census. If they find it necessary to give
this historical account of each State, they will
come to the two Houses of Congress for instruc-
tions. This resolution simply provides for the pub-
lication of the census.
Mr. BADGER. What for? The census.
Mr. GWIN. What is the census taken for, if it
is not wanted? Why was it taken, if not to make
a portion of tke permanent archives of the coun-
try? I want it printed at once. The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] says that it
will cost several half millions of dollars. I should
like to know if the postponement of it will make
it cost any less. If we are going to p^int it, let
us do it at once. Whether we print it under the
contract, or give it to different individuals, let us
do it at once. I think that the very information
these gentlemen wish will come more jproperly
through the committee than any other way. If
the committee' want additional power, or additional
instruction, let them come to the Senate and
House of Representatives for it. We ought to
act on the subject, so that the printing may pro-
gress. In regard to the specimens alluded to by
the Senator from Maryland, he seemed to inti-
mate that they were probably printed in the office
of the gentleman mentioned m the resolution.
Mr. PRATT. I did not say so.
Mr. GWIN. I take it for granted that they
have had no agency in the suspension of the work.
I feel confident that they have not. The object of
the Senate should.be to have this work printed,
and an appropriation should be made at once.
We have another special order for next Monday.
If we postpone this resolution to that day , it may
lead to its being put off from time to time, it
seems to me that its postponement will only em-
barrass the Senate. I think we had better take it
up and pass it, or amend it, now.
Mr. PRATT. I have been very singularly un-
fortunate, if the argument which I intended to
maka has proved the exact contrary of that for
which I used it._ What is this resolution? Is it
that this committee shall inquire in reference to
what is to be done, and what is to be published?
Does it give to the committee the power to inquire?
On the contrary it takes from the committee that
power, and directs them to contract for the print-
ing; of the census, which the Secretary of the In-
terior has prepared. That book, that census, that
which he has leported to the Senate as having been
prepared as the census, is what this committee is
directed to print. They have, under this resolu-
tion, no power to inquire. They are not instructed
to inquire. The sole power proposed to be con-
ferred by this resolution is to contract for the
Erintmg of that paper, which has been prepared
y the officers of the Government as the returns of
the Seventh Census. I apprehend, then, that I
was not wrong in the argument which I made.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from California
seems to have fallen into a mistake—an evident
mistake—as to the nature of the joint resolution
