1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
time. What do I see in a speech which lies be-
fore me? The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, [Mr. Seymou*,] and other
Democratic members, show that from the adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson down to that of Mr. Ty-
ler, there were appropriated hundreds of thousands,
and millions of dollars, for objects similar to those
contemplated in this bill; and even greater appro-
priations were made daring General Jackson's
administration—the very impersonation of Democ-
racy. 1 quote the amounts from the chairman's
speech:
"This construction of the Constitution, so clearly dedu-
cible from its language, has bce'n for a long course of years
so fujly sustained and followed by the legislation of the
country, under all political parties, that it is now approved
and sanctioned by a large majority of the people. Recur-
ring to past legislation, we find that from the commence-
ment ol Mr. Jefferson's administration to the end of Mr.
Tyler's, there have been appropriated for the construction
and repair of roads, and the improvement of rivers and
harbors, ®17,199,2-22. These appropriations were made as
follows:
Under Mr. Jefferson  ,$48,400
" Mr. Madison  950,800
" Mr. Monroe  707,621
" Mr. J. Q. Adams  2,-110,475
" General Jackson  10,582,882
" Mr. Van Buren  2,222,544
" Mr. Tyler  1,076,500
I rejoice to find that a portion of the Democratic
party ill this House are abandoning the resolution
of their National Convention, introduced for a spe-
cial purpose. The Whig resolution of their late
National Convention, in this respect is liberal, and
I will read it:
"6. The Constitution vests in Congress the power to
open and repair harbors, and remove obstructions from
navigable rivers; and it is expedient that Congress shall
exercise that power whenever suck improvements are neces-
a; y for the common defense or for the protection and facil-
ities of commerce with foreign nations or among the States
—such impiovements being, in every instance, natioiml and
general m their character."
It acknowledges the power of Congress, under
the Constitution, to improve rivers and harbors,
and takes the ground that we are called upon by
every consideration of duty, to make appropria-
tions to improve our lake harbors, and particu-
larly our great western rivers, as well as the har-
bors upon the Atlantic sea-coast. It has been my
fortune to have passed over Lake Erie, within a
-few years, some half dozen times. Pour times it
has been my misfortune to have been on the lake
in a storm, when forthirty-six hours we were en-
deavoring to get into a harbor of refuge, one of
those formerly improved by the General Govern-
ment, and when the lives of hundreds of passen-
gers were endangered. Then I could have wished
that some of the anti-internal improvement men
in Congress could have been on board to have
witnessed the necessity for these appropriations.
Then they would have changed their tune, and I
think they would have declared themselves in
favor of the power of the General Government to
build up a system of internal improvements, and
improve our lake harbors, and navigable rivers.
Mr. MILLSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.]
I rise, however, not so much for the purpose of
assailing it, as with the view of offering some ob-
servations m reply to what has fallen from the
gentleman who introduced the amendment, from
my honorable friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Sey-
mour,] and from other gentlemen who participated
in the debate this morning. They rely agood deal
upon a distinction between what they call national
and local improvements. Some gentlemen, too,
who agree with me in their general views upon
this bill, have intimated a willingness to vote for
a bill making appropriations for works of a na-
tional character. These they suppose to be con-
stitutional, but the others not so. 1 ask gentlemen
whence is this distinction between improvements
of a national and local character derived > Cer-
tainly not from the Constitution itself. What is
a national improvement? What is meant by the
phrase? Will they say tjiat a national improve-
ment is a constitutional one' That is only beg-
ging the question. It is reasoning in n circle. The
improvement is national, because it is constitu-
tional, and it is constitutional, because it is na-
tional. The distinction is altogether arbitrary and
fantastic. If, however, national means general,
as distinguished from local, then I agree with the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Taylor] who has just
taken his seat, that this system of internal im-
p ovements is condemned by the resolution of the
Baltimore Convention, which he has just now
contrasted with the resolution adopted by the re-
cent Whig Convention. If this resolution does
not condemn such improvements, then I do not
know what is its meaning. No other construc-
tion, it seems to me, can be put upon the resolu-
tion of the Baltimore Convention than the one I
have given it.
But in truth, sir, there is no such distinction
known to the Constitution, as that between na-
tional and local, or general and particular improve-
ments. If a thing be at all within the power of
Congress, it does not cease to be constitutional
because it is made the subject of a general sys-
tem. And if the power over the subject is not
given to Congress, it cannot be made constitu-
tional by multiplying the occasions for legislating
upon it. The resolution of the Democratic Con-
vention declares, that the Constitution confers
upon Congress no power to commence and carry
on a general system of internal improvements. If
any internal improvements are constitutional, then
a general system could not be unconstitutional.
Will any gentleman say that Congress possesses
no power to establish a general system of post
roads—a general system of post offices—a general
system of mints for coining money' No, sir. If
the power be granted—if it be one of the subjects
of legislation within the constitutional competency
of Congress, then it matters not whether the
thing done be general or particular, it is equally
constitutional; if not, it is equally unconstitu-
tional. I would appeal to gentlemen belonging to
the Democratic party—I know very well the sit-
uation in which some of them are placed—1 know
the difficulties of their position, and I speak more
in sorrow than in anger when I express the opin-
ion, that their votes, if given for this bil1, will not
be in accordance with the ancient usages and doc-
trines of the Democratic party. What was the
vote, even in the last House of Representatives,
upon this subject' I have it here. Upon the bill
which then passed this House there were—yeas
103, nays 87. Of the yeas there were 85 Whigs,
and only 18 Democrats. Of the nays there were
7 Whigs, and 81) Democrats. This was the di-
vision of parties in the last Congress upon the bill
which then passed this body.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, That was a
very bad bill.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman says that was
a very bad bill. I think, with him, that:it was n
very bad bill; but, with all proper deference, I
think this, too, is a bad bill, because I conceive it
assumes powers which have never been granted to
Congress, and which, as Mr. Polk very truly said,
in his excellent veto message, were never exercised
for more than thirty years after the Government
went into operation. There is an ancient super-
stition among some savage tribes, that they suc-
ceed to the moral and mental attributes of those
whom they slay in battle; and perhaps the Demo-
cratic party, after their many victories over the
Whigs, have a right to appropriate to themselves
the principles and doctrines of their opponents, as
spoils of war. Let them say, if they please, that
they claim these principles as their own, by right
of conquest. But I protest, as I have before done,
against the idea that they are sanctioned by the
republican fathers of the Constitution.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Tay-
lor's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move to amend, by add-
ing the following:
For completing the improvement of Gram river slough,
at the town of Potosi, in the i-*ratn of Wisconsin, which
iva« commenced under an act of Congress, approved June
15th, 1844, and which is yet unfinished, $15,000,
In 1844, there was a grant of land rna'!e for the
purpose of improving the landing, or harbor, at
the town of Potosi, in Wisconsin. The land was
sold, and the proceeds of it were applied to the
object contemplated, but the sum realized from the
sale was not, however, sufficient to make the im-
provement desired. The work which has been
commenced will go into decay unless there is an
additional appropriation made for this improve-
ment. I offer this amendment in good faith, so
that what has been already done by Congress
may not be rendered useless, for want of another
appropriation to complete the work.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am opposed
to the amendment, but T rise simply far the pur-
pose of saying that we have made no progress;
and it seems to me that thoee of us who are in
favor of the bill should make no speeches about
this matter at all, for this course would certainly
bring us at some period to a vote upon the ques-
tion. We have only got so far to the first section,
and it seems to me that we are in a condition that
we will never get through. There is a good deal
of business to be done, and there is no telling when
we can adjourn, unless we can get through with
the business before us. I do hope that we will
go on, and that the friends of the bill will have
nothing more to say about it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Eastman's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY offered the following amend-
j ment:
For the purchase of the Louisville and Portland canal,
and towards the construction of a canal on the Indiana side
of the river, $500,000.
Mr. D. said: I had desired to express myself
somewhat at length in regard to this bill, had it
been the pleasure of the House to have allowed
me that privilege. I shall not be guilty of the
folly of attempting to make a speech in the five
minutes now allotted to me by the rules, but
my action m regard to this bill will be determined
by the result of the vote of the committee on this
amendment. If this amendment be adopted, 1
shall vote for the bill with cordiality. If it be re-
jected, I shall use my best endeavors to crush and
defeat the bill. My reasons for it are few. That
amendment will test the sincerity of gentlemen
who claim to be the exclusive friends of these in-
ternal improvements, because the improvement
there asked for is more important in its character
than any five provided for in this bill. There is
more commerce passes that point than there is at
any five of the ports provided for in your bill.
The obstructions theie are greater than at any
other point provided for in your bill; and so far
as the constitutional questions go it is freer from
objection than any other work provided for here,
for the Ohio river, from its rise down to its de-
ll bouchment, lies entirely without the limits of anv-
il State.
1 have not time in five minutes to state the facts
connected with this matter; but I will state, in gen-
eral terms, that more than §500,0110,000 of com-
merce annually floats upon these great western
rivers. And I put it distinctly to gentlemen who
claim to be the exclusive friends of this bill, and
ask, How will you defend yourselves before the
people of the West, if you vote down this appro-
priation, and yet vote such appropriations as are
provided for in this bill' The tax already paid
by the people of the West on these obstructions
has amounted to millions; and the pecuniary tax
is but small compared to the incumbrances inflicted
on commerce by the existing obstruction at this
point. More than $100,000,000 of commerce an-
nually passes over these falls. More than two
thousand steamboats pass through the existing
canal, independent of the large number which pass
over the falls at high water, and when the naviga-
tion will permit it.
I repeat again, that the amendment which I now
offer will test the sincerity of gentlemen, and en-
able the people of the West to determine how far
they are sincere in advocating the improvement of
the rivers of the West. The committee have so
far voted down one after another each and every
appropriation to improve the western rivers. The
Committee on Commerce have allowed in their
bill §260,000 for all the western rivers, the com-
merce of which amounts to §500,000,000 annually,
and in the trade of which more than thirty thou
sand men are engaged, while you appropriate
^400,000 for the commerce floating on the lakes
of $50,000,000 or $60,000,000 annually, and
$500,000 to the Atlantic coast, when your whole
foreign commerce does not equal the' commerce
upon our streams. How can you stand up before
the people of the West and say that you are
friends to river improvements, when you will
vote millions here for the improvement of petty,
contemptible harbors into which no commerce
goes, and refuse epnropriations for points on the
rivers of the West where hundreds of millions of
dollars are annually involved, and where the ob-
structions are so great that if they existed upon
any part of the Atlantic coast there would be a
general rebellion amongst the people?
