1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1933
I repeat what I said in the outset, that the ac-
tion of the committee on the amendment which I
have offered will test the sincerity of their profes-
sions in regard to river improvements. If you
vote down this amendment, the people of the
West will have no faith in your professions, or
your anxiety in regard to the interests of the com-
merce of the West.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op-
posed, seriously and in earnest, to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio. So much of
it as relates to an appropriation for the purchase
of the outstanding stock in the Louisville and
Portland canal, I discussed the other day, but so
much as proposes a canal upon the Indiana side
of the Ohio river, I think I could demonstrate to
be uncalled for, inexpedient, and improper. I
venture my reputation upon the fact, that it is de-
monstrable that no canal can be constructed on
that side of the river, that will answer the purposes
of commerce, for less tlian $1,000,000—ranging,
according to the different plans, from $1,000,000
to $7,000,000—and that the canal on the Kentucky
side of the river can be enlarged to dimensions
that will suit the wants of commerce, now and
hereafter, for a sum ranging from $600,000 to
§700,000. I have stood, for months, ready to
otferto the American Government a contract, with
indisputable security, for the sum of $700,000 to
enlarge and extend that canal, and to have it fin- j
ished in two years—with an interruption of navi-
gation that shall be limited to three months—so ,
that a steamboat ninety feet broad, and four hun- !
dred feet, long shall be able to pass through it. ij
But I do not even ask the House of Representa- j!
tives to pass upon any proposition of that sort
until I have an opportunity to exhibit maps which \
I have in mv possession, which will show the !
form of the Ohio at that point, and which will :
show that thpre is no proposition that has ever ;j
been submitted to make a canal on the Indiana
side of the river that will bear the test of an ex-
amination of five minutes. That is enough to
say against the proposition of the gentleman from
Cincinnati.
I will consume the balance of my time in
making the suggestion, that we have not yet got
beyond the appropriation for the Delaware break-
water, and that if we are to discuss, under the five
minutes ruie. all the conceivable amendments that
may be offered to this bill, on the first clause
thereof, we mi^ht as well at once commence a re-
construction of the entire bill. I have amend-
ments lying on my desk, connected with western
improvements, that I intend to offer when we
come to the western improvements; and it strikes
me as proper that gentlemen who have amend-
ments to offer, should offer them at least to some
clause of the bill connected with the part of the
country to which those amendments refer. j
We have already spent upon the Delaware ;
breakwater one million nine hundred and odd thou- :
sand dollars. 1 am ready to vote this much more, j
I do not know when we shall get to the conclusion j
of the appropriation for it. I see by the last re- j
port that it is proposed, when they get the break-
water finished, to put an hospital on it. j
Mr. DISNEY called for tellers; but they were
not ordered. ;
The question was then taken on the amendment ,
io the amendment, and it was disagreed to. j
Mr. DUNHAM offered the following as an j
amendment to the amendment: j
For tlip construction ofa steamboat canal around the Falls i
of the Ohio river, at Louisville, on the Indiana side of said ;
river, §500,oho. 1
Mr. DUNHAM said: Mr. Chairman, when j
this bill came up for discussion, I was, unfortu- j
nately, unable to express my sentiments in refer- |
ence to it. I concur in some of the remarks made |
here this morning by my colleague, [Mr. Robin- j
son.] I do not expect, from the committee
whence this hill emanated, and from the various !
votes which have been given here since we com- ;
menced voting on amendments, that we shall have ■
any thing like justice done to the valley of the Ohio j
and of the Mississippi. As has been very forci-
bly exhibited by the honorablememberfrom Cin-
cinnati, [Mr. D yey,]we find, in this bill, appro-
priations for harbors, and for the improvement of
rivers, the importance and the commerce of which
can bear no sort of comparison with the commerce I
of the Ohio river, and the importance of the im- I
provement which my amendment contemplates. |
No man can doubt that the great Mississippi val-
ley is, after all, the tax-paying portion of the coun-
try. We have, for years, had burdens laid upon
us for the purpose of improving the harbors and
streams on the sea-board and lake-coasts, while
our commerce has been entirely neglected. We
have actually been paying tribute into the public
Treasury for the purpose of getting our products
to their markets. It has been a two-edged sword
to us. On the one hand, we have been compelled
to furnish means for your improvements, and on
the other hand, we have been compelled to pay a
tax into the general Treasury for the few pitiful
improvements we have had.
So far as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] is concerned, I should be very glad
that he should have an opportunity to make good
the vaunting boast which he has uttered here this
morning, and compare the advantages of a canal
on the Kentucky side with those of one on the In-
diana side. I undertake to say that I shall be
able, if that controversy shall ever come up, to
demonstrate to this House, and to the country,
that you cannot build a canal upon the Kentucky
side of the river sufficiently large for the com-
merce of the Ohio, or that you can possibly get a
boat of any dimensions into the mouth of it at the
lower end.
As to the assertion of the gentleman relative to
the comparative cost of the two works, why,
every survey that has been made, so far as my
knowledge extends, shows that the improvement
which we desire on the Indiana side of the river
can be made for a much less sum than that on the
Kentucky side. The gentleman himself has said
that they will want $700,000. Now all we want
is half a million. That is all we ask, and with
that half a million we will undertake to remove
this obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio river,
which would be an immense relief to the com-
merce of the Ohio, in which the whole country is
interested from Pittsburg to New Orleans.
I had hoped that the legislation upon this sub-
ject would have been allowed to take the legitimate
course—that it would have been brought forward
by the proper committee. When that, question
I will now mention some facts which I desire shall
go before the country in relation to this matter.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Vena-
blej came before that committee, avowing his con-
stitutional scruples and his intention to vote against
the bill. But notwithstanding this, he gave us
every information in relation to the appropriations
that were needed in his own State. The gentle-
man from Georgia, representing the Savannah
district, [Mr. Jackson,] also came before us, and
though he avowed his objections to the bill, and
declared that he would not support it, yet, never-
theless, gave us every assistance in relation to the
i item connected with his own district.
| Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a point of
j order. I want to know what this has to do with
| the Louisville canal?
; Mr. WALSH. This general debate has been
| allowed upon the part of others. 1 have some-
; thing now to say to my friend upon my left, from
| Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] who seems so anxious for
j a speedy termination of this discussion. The very
worst way we can adopt to come to a speedy vote
' is to raise these party questions. There is noth-
| ing m this bill which will impugn a single plank
| in the Baltimore platform, It is not a question
| of internal improvement, as men of other days
! have understood these terms. If gentlemen will
! refer to the days of 1818, they will find that
| there were then two sets of resolutions intro-
! duced by Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Clay, into the
| House of Represenattives; one declaring the right
j of Congress to appropriate the public money to
I the construction of roads and canals, which was
• carried by a decided vote in the affirmative; the
: other declaring the right to make military roads,
! was defeated by a few votes. These questions
1 then were passed upon by that republican party
, to which I belong now. [Laughter.] They de-
j cided that internal improvements were constitu-
| tional, and that is the system of internal improve-
j ments, to which the Baltimore platform manifestly
I alludes. The power to regulate commerce, by the
! improvement of harbors and rivers, was never
. questioned. The construction, demanding such
improvements, I undertake to say, notwithstand-
does come up, I shall be prepared to enter at large j, ing the earnest and able argument of the gentleman
into its discussion, and I behe\e I shall be able to " * ' * '"** " . ..t v. -
satisfy thp House and the country of tke justice,
economy, and propriety of tins appropriation. I
shall especially be able to show the illiberal spirit
of the gentleman from the Louisville district, who
has boasted so much here.
Mr. WALSH. I do not concur in what the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] has said
with legard to the respective jurisdictions of the
Committee on Commerce and the Committee on
Roads and Canals. I have never understood that
at any time the jurisdiction over this subject has
been exercised by any committee other than the
Committee on Commerce. 1 have n*ver under-
stood that the House of Representatives, by any
vote, has changed that jurisdiction. It is perfectly
plain, that if we had no other ground upon which
to resist this amendment, that furnished by the
disagreement between the two gentlemen who
have just spoken, m regard to the proper location
of the proposed cnnal, would be amply sufficient.
Mr. DISNEY. I will remark that the only
difference between the gentleman from Kentucky
from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] has been sus-
tained by Jefferson, and by every republican Pres-*
ident of the country, and is coeval with the Con-
stitution itself. And let me say to the gentleman
from Mississippi, if I have time to refer to the
constitutional question, that this right, under the
naval clause, to which he refers, is even more ex-
tended than under that authorizing the regulating
of commerce.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to give
notice that when we get into the House, I shall
move to suspend the rule which authorizes this
five minutes' debate in Committee of the Whole,
from and after to-morrow, at two o'clock, upon
this bill.
Mr. Clark's motion was then put, and agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed thechair, the chairman (Mr. Olds)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
[Mr. Marshall] and the gentleman from Indiana jj um]eI. consideration the state of the Union gener
[Mr. Dunham] and myself is, that he wants the :
cana! built upon one side of the nver, and we ,
want it built upon the other. I
Mr. WALSH. The proper Department will j
decide upon which side it should be located; and \
when we have its surveys and estimates before us j
we can act advisedly. _ !
But even, sir, if the House should sustain the
ally, and particularly House bill No. 262," making
appropriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers," and had come to >10 resolution
thereon.
Mr. WtLDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "An
act supplementary to ' An act providing- for taking
the Seventh and subsequent Censuses of the Uni-
proposition.no blame can attach to the committee ; d gt!lt ancl t0 fix the number of members of
for not reporting it in this bill. The Committee j
on Commerce, although having properly in charge
harbor and river improvements, have no control ;
over the subject of canals. That control belongs
, to the committee of which the gentleman from In- ■
! diana [Mr. Robixson] is chaiimari.
; I will now, Mr. Chairman, refer to a charge j
which has several times been made on this floor, t
I and which has no foundation in facts. 1 allude, !
j sir, to the imputation sought to be cast upon the !
j committee of having acted upon sectional grounds
> and in a prescriptive spirit. ... !
| Now, sir, the appropriations in this bill show j
I upon their very face, that the charge is unfounded. |
the House of Representatives, and to provide for
their future apportionment amongst the several
States,' approved the 3d of May, 1850."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That the five minutes rule bf suspended,  e
far as relates to the bill of the House No. 282, from and after
two o'clock, p. ni., to-morrow.
[Loud cries, "I object!" "I object!"]
Mr. JONES. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, Upon that mo-
tion I demand tellers.
