158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
Mr. Presidest : The Hoti^e of Representative** have ('
parsed a joint re«oluuon authorizing an inquiry into the :
origin of the kite die. by whuh fie Coiijrre-Mowil Libraiy
vv,v- de<tsoyed. -Also a bill making appiopuiUion to meet
the expenses inclined inconsequence Qfthe late tire at the ,
Capitol; in which i.'solution and bill they request the con-
currcncc ol' the Seriate. !
The resolution was read a first and second time,
as foUows: |
Joint Resolution authorizing an inquiry into ihe orpin of ;
me late rlre, by which the Concessional Liwary was j
(1 -tioved. j
R^oh-ed, That the Joint Committee on Public Buildups i
and Grounds be instructed to imju.re into the orniu of the j
fire bv wi.i^h the Congressional Lihiary was consumed, on <
the s2ith instant, and whether the same occurred from the ;
iie^hc-nt e of anv officer of Government, or peis< n in
the < tiiplovmcnt of either or both Hinwo; of Cohgre^, or ■
from tnede'ective conduction of the-furnaces or flue.-', or
\y;i> the act of an ineendia'v; and also tne extent ot injury ;
to the binhhna. and the b";*t mode of iecon«tructinj  the .
Lihraiy Room. as to atford perfect security m the future i
aq the hue disaster, and report the tacts to the House. '
Tiio faid committee shall have power to send for and ex-
amine, on oath, such parsons as may have information
touching the premises. :
Air. BADGER. I move to refer that resolution |
to the Committee on Public Buddings.
The resolution was so referred.
The bill was read the first and second time, as
follows:
An Act making an appiopriation to meet the expense in-
clined in consequence oi the late fue at the Capitol.
Be it eiiarledby the Senate avA House of Representatives
of ihe United Stales of ^itnoicL in Congress assembled,
That the sum of hve thousand dollar he, and the same is
hcreb) appropnated, out of an\ uione\ m the Treasury not
otheiwise appropnated, to bo e\pi*nded, or so much thereof
as mav be nece^arv. muiei the direction of the Commis-
sioner ot Public Hmhhriir-:.in di^ehaige ot expenses incuued
in the extinguishment or the iate lire in the Library Room,
the removal of the rubbish, and the piesnrvation of <mch
book* and other articles as may have been paved, and the
construction of a tin loof lor the pie^ervation and protec-
tion of the public building now exposed.
Mr. CASS. I have another section which I
wish to add to the hill. It is a short section, sim-
ply that the sum of -(say ten thousand dollars)
be appropriated to the purchase of a new hbr.iry.
The amendment is as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of dollar*
be and the same is heieby appropnated for the purchase of
books for the Library of Congres>; to be e\pended undei the
direction of the Joint Committee on the Libiary.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill and
amendment were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee on
Public Buildings, to whom was referred the reso-
lution authorizing an inquiry into the origin of the
late fire, by which the Congressional .Library was
destroyed, reported it without amendment.
On the motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate
proceeded to coin-ider the said resolution as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASS. I regret that the resolution does
not contain anv provision about constructing the
wiiiirs of the Capitol so as to render them inde-
structible. Our public buildings are constructed
in a shameful manner. I wish to have an amend-
ment inserted as to the construction of the wings,
but I suppose thai cannot be done without delay-
ing the investigation. I am therefore willing to
postpone it.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
A'Ir. BADGUR. I wish to ask whether if that
joint resolution should pass m Jts present form, it j!
would have to £o to the President of the United ;;
States for his signature? i
The PRESIDENT. If the resolution shall be ;
passed in its present shape, it will require the con- |
c-jrrence of the President. The usual mode is to ■
pass a concurrent resolution—the House to ap- '
point a committee to act jointly with such com- 1
mitfee as may Ik- appointed by the Senate. ;
Mr. BAD'crCR. That thought occurred to me.
It seem--- to me to be a very ifrcat outrage that we
should puss a resolution to impure into a fire m '•
our building to such a form that it cannot go into ,
e-t'.-e? without rh*5 sisnatmeof the President of the I
United States. Tne resoh lion ou'iht to beamend- 1
ed. It should not pa?-- hi its present form, i >
move to lay ii gj the t^b'e for the present. ;
Tne motion was a^rc-d to. !!
Mr. CASS submitted the follov,nig resolutions ,1
for :wis:deration:
Rewired. That a committee be appointed, join? y u ith |
f-ucli co,rir «,*te'j a- mnv bt- appomi-ja on tile part of thy
Jloi'ie oi ftepte^em^tivos, to inquire into and icport the ,•
cause of the rccent lire m the Capitol; and also, what j|
measures it is piopci to take tc prevent the occurrence of a
s-iimlat accident hereairei. And the «.<iid committee be also
in-4 nered to cairiune the proposed mode of con traction of
the addition to tiic Capitol, and asceitam whether it j.s in-
tended to lender the same fne-proor, and, if not, what
should ho done to secure it, as fai as possible, tioin the
danger of the.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be xn-
stiueted to examine and report what measiucs snould he
tak^n immediately to pioeius such hooH as may ho most
indispensable : and what plan it is best to adopt to procure
a. library, which, in us extent and m the cbaractei ot the
woiks, shall be sufficiently useful and lionoiable to the
country.
The Senate then adjourned to Friday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 3U, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Butler.
The* Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. Gilmohe, of Pennsylvania, appeared to day,
and, after taking the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution of the'United States, took his seat.
RECEPTION OF KOSSUTH.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, with a view of proposing a
resolution in the committee. I hope the House
will permit me, at least, to make a single remark.
I wish to say that the friends of the resolution do
not contemplate any action of the committee or
the House towards opening this Hall to any ha-
rangues, but simply to carry out quietly an act of
courtesy, the initiative of which the nation has
already taken.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That a comnnttec of five be appointed by the
Speaker, to wait upon Louis Kossuth, and nitioduce him
to the Jlou^e ol Representatives. *
Mr. McMullen objected.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose, and on that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Air. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would suggest,
that if the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
prevails, the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union cannot fake up that resolution.
They can entertain no subject but such as has
been referred to it.
The speaker. That question is not now
before the House.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it in order to move a
call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I make such a mo-
tion.
The question was put, whether there should be
a call, and determined in the negative.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cart-
teu'c motion, and resulted—yeas 103, nays 49;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Alh«on, John Appleton,
William Appleton, 13abcock, Bartlett, Beale, Bii-sell,
Bowie, Bownc, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Bii^s, Buell.
Bu-iby. Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Carttei, Chap-
man, Chaslain. Cleveland, Chngman, Conner, Geo'i;f T.
L>a\ib, John G. f)avi^. Dean, Dwie\, Durkee,
Eastman, Fiekhn. Floyd. Fowler. Hemy M. Fuller.
Thomas J. D. Fullci, Gaylord, Gentiv, Giddiogs, Gilmore,
i Goiman, Green, Giow,'Ha^call, ik-ndiiek-\ HoiMo'd,
I John W. IJowe,Thoiua-iM. Howr. Hunter, Li ei>oll, r\e«,
j John Joint-on, Hobi'it W. John-on. Dom«i T. Jones,
i Geoi','o G. Kim:. Pie^tou Kin^, lvuhn«, Lciehei, "^face,
| Mann, Edwaid C. Mai-hnll, McDonald, Meacham. Mncr,
j Moionv, Job,! .Mooie, \al>ei.s, -Vewton, Ola-, Pea;lee,
j ^enmman, Peikin^. Hantoul, RiehaoNon, Jliddje, Kobie,
! Kohuison. Sackett. Scheuneilioni. Scudder. Da\ id L Sev-
! mour, On«r(n S. Se\u,om. .^keliun, f?uiart', Snow. Benja-
! mm Stanton, F>edenck P Stanton, kichard fi Stanton,
St ration, Stuait. Suthei'and, Sweefsei, Gentle vV. Thomp-
son, Thurston. Town>hend, Turk, \v';iibjiusct
"Ward. "\\'asuburn, \\ eleh, Addi ^OIl White, Wildin-K. a.id
Yat< 103.
NxVYS—Alicrci-uipbie, Aikc.i, A«he, Avcrett,
Barieie, Thomas IT Bayly, Bocock. Biau'fi. A. G. Blown,
T! C Cabell. Caldwell, Chuicnwcll, Cla k, Cnhom,
Do-'kery, Lduumd^on, K". in^r, Fitch, Oood'aow, Hall,
Hamilton, Ii<u| er, {^ham G. Karris Sampson \Y llairn,
Have-*, Slch.uit, llrti!'i, ilillyci, Jackson. A'nl'cw Johnson,
Jami'5 .John-on, GVnire Jone«. llumphr>'v Mai^hall,
Mai tin, McMnlhn, Mil'-on, Moiehcad, Muip'ny, On , Po\.*-
ell, Suva.-.' , Seurjy, Smith, Stanls. 'l.tyloi, Venable, Wal-
aee. Watrm^ and William.- - -0.
So the roies wt*re suspended, and the I-rouse
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see, in the cinir.)
?vlr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
take up the resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk: and I asK that it may be reported.
/The CHAIRMAN. The first business m order
is the resolutions proposing to refer the President's
message to the appropriate committees.
Mr. CARTTER. Did the Chair hear my
motion r
The CHAIRMAN". What was the gentle-
man's motion?
AJr. CART'TER..- My motion was to take up
a resolution which ! sent to the Clerk's .table for
the consideration of the committee as its first busi-
ness.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule requires that the
business shall be taken up in the order in which
it stands on the calendar.
Mr. CARTTER. I move, then, to lay aside all
other business, aj'd lake up my resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business is^thc
resolutions referring the President's message.
Mr. CARTTER. One of the subjects referred
to in the President's message is the subject of my
resolution. I move to take up that subject m the
form of my resolution, and act upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. That metion is not in
order.
Mr. CARTTER. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that it is not in order to take up a subject
embraced in the President's message which has
been referred to this committee, and which is im-
bodied in the proposed resolution?
The CI-IAIRMAN. It is not in order to make
that motion, as it is not the first business in order
upon the calendar.
'Mr. CARTTER. Well, then, I move to lay
aside the resolutions relating to the President's
j message, with a view to take up my resolution,
i The question being taken, the motion was
| agreed to, and the resolutions were laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN stated the next business in
order to be the joint resolution authorizing the
Architect of the Capitol to continue m employment
the mechanics,laborers, and others employed upon
the two wings thereof. v
Mr. CA RTTER moved to lay that resolution
aside.
Mr. WALSH. I hope that resolution will not
be laid aside, but will be acted upon at once. I
am perfectly willing to do every appropriate honor
to Louis Kossuth, and to extend to him a hearty
welcome; but I think that our own people who are
suffering, are entitled to precedence. I hope,
therefore, that the motion will not prevail
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennes-
see, and Cartter were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 85, noes 58.
So the resolution was laid aside.
Mr. CARTTER. I would now inquire of the
Chairman, what orders have precedence of the
resolution which I have submitted?
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing. The commit-
tee has disposed of the business refened to it by
the House and now has nothing before it.
Air. CARTTER. I now move the resolution
which I have sent to the Clerk's table, and ask
that it may be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
i1 committee has no business before it.
|j Mr. CARTTER. But I move this resolution
j' as business, and 1 again call for its reading.
|i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has informed
jj the committee that, having disposed of the busi-
ness referred to u by the House, there is no busi-
ness befoie it, pud it is the opinion of the Chair
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union cannot originate business.
I Air. CARTTER. I appeal from that decision,
j and I ask that my resolution may he read, m order
! that the committee may vote intelligioly on that
' appeal.
j, Mr.* FICTvLTN. I desire to inquire of the
!■ Chair, if a resolution cannot as well be offered
!: before the Committee of the Whole on the state
j: of the Union, as hetoie a standing committee or
'i any other comnnuee:
,j Sr-vcia! Mkmblrs, Ceitainlv.
j' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has before
j, stated that ihe Committee of tne Whole on the
!! stafe of the U uon has charge of, and jurisdiction
l| over, only such business as may have been re-
,! fened to u by ?'n<? House.
i, In reference to the standing committees of the
House, the Ch;ur is aware that the rule is differ-
eat. The rules of the House prescribe the duties
