1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton,
and Fuller of Maine were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 62; two thirds not voting
m the affirmative.
So the Flouse refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memoiidl.-', &.C., were presented
under the rule, and rHVrred to the appropriate committees :
Ry Mr PORTER: The petition of George Lynch, of
St. diaries, Missouri, for an increase and arrears of pen-
sions.
By Mr. MOREHE AD : The petition of Abner Apple and
others, praying the establishing ot a post road from AUe-
manceto Monticello, in the county ofGmiford, North Caro-
lina.
By Mr. HARPER : The petition of John Still'vell and 49
otheis, citizens of Muskingum countv, Ohio, asking for the
passage of the hill introduced by Mi. Stanly, for paying
over the fourth installment of the suiplu* revenue.
By Mr. SCUDDER: The petition of John Aiken and
other?, asking an appropriation for the erection of additional
buoyMu the haiboi of New Bedford, Massachusetts.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Isaac
Huddiestone and Gl other citizens along the route, asking
that a post road be established from the mouth of Red river
to Burr's Feiry, in Louisiana, thence to Iluntsville, in
Texas.
Also, the petition of G. W. Thompson and others, in re-
lation to the Rio Hondo land claims.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of John Clark, of Bel
mont county, Ohio, for damages to his land and mill, oc-
casioned by the construction of the national road
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois : The petition of VV. L. La-
saer, and 4(5 other citizens of Hamilton and White conn-
tie#, Illinois, asking Congress to establish a mail route
from the town of McLane^boro, m Hamilton county, to i
Liberty, in White county, Illinois,
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi : The petition of the
trustees of the Monticello Academy, in the State of Missis-
sippi, piaving Congress to pay over to said trustees the
amount of money, with interest thereon, for which the
United States, improperly sold a sixteenth section of land
belonging to said Academy.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
Board ofTiade and citizens of Philadelphia, asking for the
removal of obstructions from the mouth of the Mississippi.
Also, the menional ot Democratic citizens of Montgom-
ery county, Pennsylvania, asking for an increased duty on
iron.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia, asking
. for a modification ot the bounty land act of 1850.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of the City Council of Dubuque, Iowa, praying a
further appropriation for the completion of the im-
provements in the harbor at that city; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Dwight
Smith, a citizen of the United States, praying in-
demnity for losses sustained in consequence of his
forcible expulsion from Mexico by military force
during the late war with that Republic; which
was referred to the select commitiee appointed on
the subject of claims against Mexico.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill entitled an act to amend " An act
to divide the district of Arkansas into two judicial
districts,and for other purposes;" which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The main object of that
bill is to extend the criminal jurisdiction of the
district court over the western portion of the State,
occupied chiefly by Indians. I therefore ask that
the bill may be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the reason assigned by
the Senator from Arkansas is hardly sufficient to
secure that reference for this bill. It appears to
me that it ought first to go to the Committee on
the Judiciary, in order that that committee might
ascertain the reasons why we should divide the
State. i
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is but one section :
of the bill embracing matter which is relevant to |
the consideration of the Committee on the Judi- !
ciary, and that is the provision which requires the '
circuit court of the United States to be held semi- '
annually, instead of annually. All the remainder j
of the bill has relation to the extension of the :
criminal jurisdiction of the court over the Indian
country. That is the main, I may say the prime
object of the bill; and it seems to me, considering
it in that point of view, that the subject is one of
which the Committee on Indian Affairs have ap-
propriate jurisdiction.
The bill was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
OPERATIONS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. GW1N submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate in what manner the vessels
of the Navy are now employed, specifying the objects and
operations of each squadron,and of single vesselson special
service; and also to communicate to the Senate a statement
of the force of the Navy available for immediate beivice.
Mr. GW1N. I hope that resolution will be
considered now. It is not necessary to do more
than to allude to a certain event, to show that it is
important to get that information immediately.
Mr. MILLER. I think that resolution had
better lie over one day, according to the rule.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
New Jersey object to its consideration at this
time r
Mr. MILLER. I do.
The resolution was accordingly laid over, under
the rule.
CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the evpediency of «o reorganizing
the eucuit courts of the United States as to include the
Stares of CalunrniA, Texas, Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin
within said ciicuits.
BRIG <l GENERAL ARMSTRONG."
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate (if not incompatible
with the public interest) copies of all ttie conespondence
which has taken place, and documents that may have been
collected, since the message of the President of the 15th of
December, 1845, (printed with Seriate documents, 1st
session Twenty ninth Congiess, in volume 3, No. 14,) in
relation to the claim of the owners of the brig General Arm-
strong against the Government of Portugal, including all
letters and papers in the possession of the Government ma-
terial to a full understanding of the subject,and not hereto-
fore communicated to the Senate.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Silas Loomis,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of thelegal representatives of Daniel Loomis,
deceased; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER, from the select committee ap-
pointed to inquire into the subject of printing a
report of the Secretary of the Interior, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate calling
for information in relation to the commission ap-
pointed to run and mark the boundary between
the United States and Mexico, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That the President of the United State* he re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interests, to
transmit to the Senatecopiesof ~Fir-*t, aletterfrom Mr. M.
Gonzales de la Ve^a, Chargd d'Aftairc* of Mexico, to the
Sf'cietary of State, dated January, 1852; second, copv of a
letter from the Mexican Mim?tei to the Secretary of State,
dated 11th Maich, 18.")1, both upon the subject of the Amer-
ican and Mexican boundary commission.
Mr. WELLER. I hope that resolution will
receive the consideration of the Senate now. The
letters referred to are very material in regard to
this boundary commission, and 1 presume they
are on file in the State Department. They are
referred to m the communication which has been
made to the Senate by the Secretary of the In-
tenor, but the letters themselves have not been
sent to the Senate. I have been instructed to offer
that resolution by the committee, and I hope it
will be agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
APPEALS TO THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. GW1N. I have another resolution which
I wish to offer:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for appeahto the Supreme Court of the United States from
the diMriei rouris of California, in all cdbes involving the
amount of 52,000.
I understand that the district judges in Califor-
nia have decided that, under the law organizing
the district courts, there is no power of appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States, and that
great injustice is likely to occur to litigants in the
courts there, on account of this want of power. I
hope the resolution will be now considered*
The resolution was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a resolution which I
desire to offer; and, in announcing it, I give notice
that I intend to call it up as early as possible—
perhaps to-morrow during the morning hour. I
will then throw myself on the indulgence of the
Senate.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Commitiee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to consider the expediency of reporting a bill for the
immediate repeal ot the act of Congress, appioved Septem-
ber 18, 1850, usually known a^ the "fugitive slave act."
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will indulge
me for one moment. There are few acts 1 would
not sooner commit than deny the right of speak-
ing on any subject to a Senator who throws him-
self on the indulgence of this body; but, if the
gentleman who lias offered this resolution asks to-
morrow, or at any other time during this session,
the indulgence of the Senate to be heard on it, I,
for one, shall refuse. We have fixed a day for
the adjournment; it is at hand, and it is probable
that the House of Representatives will agree to
adjourn on that day; and here, after eight months
of the session have elapsed, within thirty days of
the adjournment, the Senator from Massachusetts,
representing a State, in part, asks to be heard on
a question which involves the continuance of this
Union I and that at a time when there can be no
i reply 1 I shall refuse the Senator's request.
| The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remind
| the Senator from Virginia that there can be no dis-
cussion at this time.
HILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION PASSED.
The following engrossed bill and joint resolution
were severally read a third time and passed:
An act to protect actual settlers upon the land
on the line of the Central Railroad and branches,
by granting preemption rights thereto; and a
Joint resolution for the relief of George R. C.
i Floyd, late secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and
: sureties.
| Mr. TOUCEY, agreeably to previous notice,
i asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution to confer additional duties and powers on
the Solicitor of the Treasury; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ALTON, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. HAMLIN. At the request of those who
are interested materially in the subject, I ask the
Senate to take up for consideration " A bill to con-
stitute Alton, in the State of Illinois, a port of de-
livery." The honorable Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clements] interposed an objection to this
bill when it was offered before; but I understand
he now withdraws that objection. There are pe-
culiar reasons why it should betaken up and con-
sidered now. I apprehend that it will not occupy
many minutes.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
' The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
i proceeded to its consideration as in Committee of
| the Whole. It piovides that Alton, in the State
of Illinois, shall be constituted a port of delivery,
and shall be subject to the same regulations and
restrictions as other ports of delivery in the United
| States; and that there shall be appointed asnrveyor
1 of customs to reside at that port, who shall, in
| addition to his own duties, perform the duties and
| receive the salary and emoluments of surveyor,
prescribed by the act of Congress, approved on
the 2d of March, 1831, providing forthe payment
of duties on imported goods, at certain ports therein
mentioned, entitled " An act allowing the duties
I * on foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
j 'Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
! ' Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid
j ' at those places." It also provides that this port
, of delivery shall be annexed to and made a part
of the collection district of New Orleans, and that
; all the facilities and privileges afforded by the act
| of Congress of the 2d of March, 1831, be extended
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
