1831.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and jurisdiction of each of the standing commit-
tees, but do not prescribe the duty of this commit-
tee. The Chair, therefore, decides that this com-
mittee can originate no business. Prom this
decision the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cajrtteb]
appeals.
Mr. BAYLY, ef Virginia. I would suggest
another reason why the decision just given by the
Chair is a correct one, besides the conclusive one
which the Chair has given.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, unless there is to
be on opportunity granted for reply.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. There'is nothing before the committee ex-
cept the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BAYLY. Well; I meant to debate that
apneal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to its being de-
bated .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides thatin
the present case the appeal is debatable, although
the Chair is aware it is departing from the general
rules which govern the committee.
Mr. CARTTER. I appeal from the last de^
cision of the Chair. %
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not intend to detain the
committee, but 1 do intend to say that I think the
decision of the Chair is clearly right. This reso-
lution proposes to raise a select committee. Now,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union cannot raise such a committee. It is, of
itself, only a committee. Such a committee as the
resolution contemplates can only be raised by the
House itself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I must say that it seems
to me the position taken by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is a very singular one. It
is true that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union cannot appoint a committee.
This resolution, however, proposes no such thing.
It proposes only to -recommend to the House the
appointment of the committee.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, announcing that he had
approved and signed a joint resolution providing
for the printing of additional copies of the Jour-
nals and other documents.]
Mr. C. continued: I was about to say that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
can recommend to the House the passage of any
resolution or bill which any other committee can
recommend; and it can originate a resolution such
as any other committee might originate—for the
appointment of a committee, or for any particular
purpose. We have repeatedly had recommenda-
tions for the appointment of committees upon
particular subjects, emanating from the standing
committees of this House. They report their rec-
ommendations to the House, but the House adopt
the resolutions and appoint the committees. If
the Committee of the Whole should pass this res-
olution, it will not undertake to appoint the spe-
cial committee. The resolution, 111 the event of
its passage, will be reported to the House; and if
the House then adopt it, the Speaker will appoint
the committee. Its appointment will be the action
of the House, and not of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I think, there-
fore, that the Chair will not hesitate to decide this
question—if it be a matter of division—that the
committee have the right to recommend this reso-
tion to the House. This lery subject (I mean
that of Kossuth) has been referred to this com-
mittee, among various others, in the President's
message. We all know that it is the practice of
this committee, when various subjects are re-
ferred to it in the President's message, to report
upon one part of that message on one day, arid
upon another part 011 another day. We are not
obliged to make one report only upon that message.
I submit, therefore, that, as the President's
message is now before us, and as this subject is
embraced in that message, we have the right to
take this subject up, and report this resolution to
the House.
A Member. It is not before the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood the Chairman
to decide that it was before the committee.
Mr B VYLY. It has been laid aside.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then we can take it up
again. I make this point, that as there is now no
business regularly before the committee, it is eom-
, petent for us;to taice up any business which has
been submitted to the committee. The fact that it
has once been laid aside is rio reason why we may
riot take it up again.
A Member. We have not laid aside the Pres-
ident's message; we have only laid aside one reso-
lution connected with that message; it is in our
power to take up any other resolution relating,
to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That was precisely my
understanding. If the facts are as stated by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] we can
take up the subject again; but if it is already be-
fore the conrihittee, why so much the better.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to say just one word.
It seems to me that the practice of the House jus-
tifies the introduction of this resolution. 1 under-
stand that it has been the practice in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, 011 the prin-
! ciple of right, to report a resolution asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of any
subject. I understand the President's message—
| at least, the general subjects contained in it—is
Instill before the committee. If so, it seems to me
that a resolution relating to it, but contemplating
no action in committee further than a report to the
House, can be originated here. It seems to me
it may be introduced (if I may be permitted to use
I the expression) by common right. As I under-
stand it, this resolution, which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Carttkh] proposes, is simply to
; refer tUe matter to the Bouse. It is not to origin-
ate any new business—it is not a subject of legis-
lative business to which it refers: it is a matter
entirely within the jurisdiction of the committee,
totally irrespective of any legislative action. That
is my view of it.
Mr. OLDS. It seems to me that we have fallen
into error in not considering the condition which
this committee is now in. According to parlia-
mentary law, the Committee of the Whole can
i act only with reference to such matters as are re-
ferred to it by the House; but the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union is not subject
to such restrictions, because it has under consid-
eration the state of the Union, and it is raised for
the purpose of taking into consideration every-
thing pertaining to the Union. And when you,
Mr. Chairman, leave that chair, you are compelled
to make a report to the Speaker different from that
which you would make if you were chairman of
the Committee of the Whole—not on the state of
1 the Union. You are compelled to report that the
I Committee of the Whole have had under consid-
] eration the state of the Union generally, and spe-
j cially the subject upon which the committee had
! been engaged. Let me refer to precedent. If I
I recollect aright, during the last Congress a gentle-
; man from Wisconsin was allowed to introduce
into the Committee of the Whole a bill to admit
California into the Union, and he was sustained
by the House. If you will go back and examine
the practice of this House, you will find that in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
some of the most important war measures have
been originated,and have been reported from that
) committee to the House for its action. It is dif-
! ferent from the Committee of the Whole; it is the
\ Committee of the Whole upon the state of the
Union; and you have under consideration every-
thing pertaining to the state of the Union; and
therefore you can originate measures of this kind
in it, and report them to the House for its action
theieon.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do 1 under-
stand the gentleman to say that the Committee of
the Whole upon the state of the Union have ori-
ginated any proposition?
1 Mr. OLDS, i so understand it. Certain it is
1 that during the ktstf Congress the gentleman from
Wisconsin introduced 0 bill into that committee
for the admission of California into the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS. That bill was introduced
; in connection with the President's message.^ It
i was never reported to the House as an original
proposition; if it had been I undertake to say that
it would never have been sustained by this House.
There is not in the history of this country, a case
in which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union originated any matter. They could
not do it, and have no power to flo'it. The com-
mittee has already laid aside the consideration of
; the Piesident's message. If that message were
i now under consideration, the resolution in relation
to Kossuth, in connection with that part of "the
message relating to him, would be in order. - ■
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 'I'do-hot ^h'itik
there can be any difficulty in regard to this gues^
tion. It seems to be admitted on all sides that the
President's message is before the committee. This
resolution is pertinent to that message, ajuf is
therefore in order. Now, sir, the President's
message is still before the committee, and we can--
not discharge ourselves from the consideration of
it. We have not attempted to do so. We have
merely laid aside the consideration of particular
resolutions in reference to that message, for the"
express purpose, as understood by everybody, of -
taking up this very resolution in reference to Kos-
suth—a subject which is referred to in that mes-
sage. The message is still Jjefore the committee,
and we can take up this resolution, o'r any other
which is equally pertinent to the President's mes-
sage. That is what we propose to do.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is not the question at
all. I understand that the President's message
lias been laid aside.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
But if it had been, we could take it up again for the
purpose of passing this resolution, which-is per-
tinent.
Mr. STEPHENS. When we take up the mes:
sage, then this resolution will be in order. *
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Presi-
dent's message is still before the committee. This-.
resolution is pertinent to it, and in taking it up,
we take up that particular branch of the message.
It is therefore perfectly in order, and in the hands
of the committee. w
The CHAIRMAN. The President's message
was first befort the committee. The committee
by a vote laid the message aside, and it is riot now
under consideration. After all the business upon
the calendar was disposed of by the committee, a
proposition was made by the gentleman from Qhid
[Mr. Caktter] to introduce a resolution. The
Chair decided that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union could originate no sub-
ject within itself. It could only act upon such
questions as had been referred to it by the House.
From that decision the gentleman from Ohio took
an appeal. The Chair, for reasons first assigned,
is still of opinion that the decision is correct; and
for other reasons, he is confirmed in that opinion,
and more strongly than before. ' By referring to
the 134th rule, it will be found that it is provided
that the rules of proceedings in the House shall be
observed 111 a Committee of the Whole House, so
far as they may be applicable—except the rule
limiting the times of speaking—and no member
shall speak twice toany question, until everymem-
ber choosing to speak shall have spoken. Now
one of the standing rules of this House is, that no
member shall introduce a resolution or make a
proposition except by unanimous consent, or wlren
the States are called for resolutions. That 'rule,
then, is applicable to the Committee of the Whole
on the ■•state of the Union. Suppose that this res-
olution had been offered to the House, and objected
to: no motion could have been made, under the
rules, to suspend them for its admission, conse-
quently it could not have been introduced. A mo-
tion could only be made on Monday to suspend
the rules, and this would be the only way, in the
House, in which this resolution could be intro-
duced'upon any other day than. Monday, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire of the Chair
how his decision, that this appeal is debatable,
can be sustained; it being an appeal founded upon
the order of business >
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated, when
this appeal was taken, that it was a new question,
and for that reason he would decide that it was
debatable. The Chair is now perfectly clear that
the decision appealed from is right. The Chair
has 110 pride of opinion about il, and is perfectly
willing that the committee should overrule it, and
.say what shall be done.
[Cries of " Ciuestion !" " duestion !"]
Tellers were demanded-and ordered, and Messrs.
Vcnusli; and Caiittbr were appointed:
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 80. <
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. CARTTER. I now offer the resolution,
that a committee of five be appointed by the Chair
to wait upon Louis Kossuth, upon his arrival at
