160
THfJ CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Dec. 80.
V
the capital, and introduoe him to^ the House of
Representatives.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The point J make is, that special com-
mittees can only be appointed by the Speaker,
unless the House order otherwise. This is a prop-
osition to appoint a special committee by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I submit it cannot be done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Virginia is well taken.
Mr. CARTTER. I will modify it by inserting
the word " Speaker" in the place of the word
"Chair."
Mr. FICKLUS". Change the phraseology so
that it shall read that it be recommended to the
Speaker to appoint a committee, &c.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make a single
suggestion. I fully concur with the gentleman
fi-om Virginia [Mr. Bayi,y} in the point of order
raised by him. In my opinion there is Shut one
plan by which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] can attain his object. It is by recom-
mending: to the House the passage of a resolution
to authorize the raising of a committee. That is
the only way in which it can be done.
- Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
the object of this resolution is nothing more than
a recommendation to the Speaker of the House.
Every subject that comes 'h* House in the
form of a bill, which is pa*> it-
ee of the Whole, is merely ^m-
mendation to the House to p& . this
resolution.* Before it passes v., must
first pass the committee. It is no re than
a recommendation to the House.
Mr. HALL moved that the commiuee rise.
Mr. CARTTER. Is that motion subject to
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. I think not.
[Cries of "Tellers!" "Tellers!"]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cullom, and
King of New York, were appointed.
The question having been taken, the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 85.
So the motion that the committee rise was neg-
atived.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is an amendment
in order now?
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution is not yet
before the committcc.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask that the resolution be
now reported.
The Cleuk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to wait upon Louts Kossuth, and. introduce lum
to the House of Representatives.
- Mr. CARTTER. The resolution is now sub-
ject for the action of the committee. 1 move the
committee rise and report the resolution to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not un-
derstand the resolution is yet before the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers the
resolution now before the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the reception of
the resolution, under the 136th rule, which pro-
vides " that no standing rule or order of the House
* shall be rescinded or changed without one day's
'notice being given of the motion therefor; nor
1 shall any rule be suspended except by a vote of
'at least two thirds of the members present; nor
* shall the order of business, as established by the
* rules, be postponed or changed, except by a vote
* of at least two thirds of the members present."
The 17th rule defines what class of persons shall
be admitted upon the floor of the House. It is a
downright breaking down of the rules of the
House, if this resolution is entertained without
one day's previous notice.
Cries of "Question!" "Question!"
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair concurs in
opinion, individually, with the gentleman from
Georgia; and but for the recent vote of the House
overruling the decision of the Chair, he would sus-
tain the'question of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This is another
and entirely distinct point, and I call upon the
Chair to decide it. I call also for the reading of
the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the com-
mittee suspended the rules, and are now acting
without r.ules, as they intend to get the subject
before the committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEPHENS. It' then amounts to this—
that weare in the niidst of revolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia., From that decision
of the Chair I take an appeal.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the Chair to state that the resolution
was before the committee for their action. After
that decision of the Chair, and without an appeal
being taken from it, the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] first, and then afterwards the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. BaylieJ rise to ques-
tions of order as to the reception of the resolution
in committee. Now, is it in order to do this after*
the committee have received it?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] appeals from the decision of
the Chair, deciding that t)ie resolution was before
the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to submit this to
the consideration of the Chair, whether the 136th
rule referred to does not apply to motions made
in the House by individual members to chang?
the rule, and not to reports,of the Committee on
Rules, or of the Committee of the Whole? The
one day's previous notice is necessary on the part
of an individual member, but not by a committee.
Mr. BAYLY. I will riot embarrass this reso-
lution in the Committee of the Whole, and will
withdraw my appeal. I, however, give notice
that I shall make ail these points over again in the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move an amendment?
Mr. GIOD1NGS. No. The question is upon
rising and reporting.
The CHAIRMAN. The lesolution is before
the committee. The gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to amend the resolution, and it is certainly
in order to offer any amendment the gentleman
may think proper to submit.
Mr. CAMPBELL,ofOhio. I move to strikeout
all after the word " resolved,"and to insert the reso-
lution offered theotherday by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] embracing Gov-
ernor Kossuth amongst that class of persons
entitled to the privilege of the floor under rule 17th.
My desire is to have a resolution adopted similar
to the one passed in favor of another very distin-
guished friend of humanity, who came to this city
about a year ago. I allude to Father Mathew.
A resolution was passed simply giving to that dis-
tinguished man the privilege of this Hall.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That was done
by universal consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope there will
be no objection in this committee to the passage
of a resolution of that kind.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, offered as
a substitute, is not in order, because it is upon a
different subject, and proposes a change of the
standing rules of the House.
Mr. MACE proposed the following amendment,
viz: to strike out all after the word " resolved, "'and
insert:
That the Speaker wait on Governor Louis Kossuth, and
give him .i cordial wcicome, and introduce him to the
members of the House of Representatives.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VENABLE proposed to strike out all after
the word "resolved," and to insert as follows:
That the Speaker be authorised to invite Louis Kossuth
to a privileged seat within this House.
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, I ask
the indulgence of the committee whilst I submit
a few remarks on the amendment which I have
| offered. For the distinguished stranger, whose
i advent has produced such a sensation, I feel all the
sympathy which is due to one who has struggled,
although unsuccessfully, for that national organi-
zation which suits his views of civil liberty. Plow-
ever I might differ with him as to what constitutes
that liberty, I feel satisfied that in the struggle in
which he has fallen he was sincerely contending for
the constitution of Hungary. I regret, however,
that I am compelled to remark, that this distin-
guished stranger hasnotsustainedthehigh estimate
which I had formed of him as a prudent statesman
and a reliable patriot. I mean not to question the
sincerity, but the practical reliability of his patriot-
ism. Invited as a prisoner and an emigrant, he,
before he reached the shores of England, became
a propagandist. ' At Southampton, almost in hear-
ing of the coast of Ireland, where the shrieks of
the families of Mitchell and O 'Brien had but lately
rent the air, he eulogized the British Government,
who had awarded to those patriots the fate from
which the intervention of our Government had res*
cued him. Believing that there are no degrees in
despotism, 1 did not compreherfd the propriety or
admire the taste of that eulogy. Since he has
landed on our shores he has disavowed the char-
acter of an emigrant seeking an asylum in our
country, but is an avowed propagandist of political
heresy, so far as we are concerned—harmless, I
admit, unless made mischievous by our indorse-
ment. The coolness with which he announced in
his speech to the New York Bar, that if Russia
should disregard the policy of non-intervention
which he recommended to our country, we must
fight or be disgraced, left nothing to be disclosed
as to his purpose or his policy. He has followed
up that demonstration, until in Baltimore, recog-
nizing a difference between the people and the
Government, he calls for a pronunciamento as to
*the propriety of intervention should Russia inter-
fere hereafter in the affairs of Hungary. Sir, I
am opposed to any act which commits this Gov-
ernment to intervention in the disputes which em-
barrass and often convulse the Old World. Sep-
arated by oceans and by distance, the problem is
left to us to work out, what can be done for hu-
man liberty by those who duly appreciate the
principles on which it is founded? And here let
me remind the committee, that there is a great prac-
tical evil in interference in the domestic affairs of
other nations. He has read history with but little
profit, and observed his own times without im-
provement, who has not learned that all communi-
ties who deserved and who could take care of civil
liberty were in possessionof that blessing. It is
the natural result of a just appreciation of, and a
determination to possess the full enjoyment of
equal rights. Whenever the experiment is tried
of making a people free before their time, it will
result in compelling the reception of liberty by
brute force—in the folly of sustaining the minority
againt the majority—which will be abundantly
manifest when the assisting foreign force is with-
drawn. It is a policy as unwise as that of furnish-
ingaprodigal the means oCwasteful expenditure. It
is an undertaking in advance of the call of the peo-
ple, and doomed always to disaster and defeat.
Our own history teaches an important lesson.
Three millions of people, scattered over a vast coun-
try, encountered and conquered the opposition of
the most powerful nation on the globe.
A Member. What if France had not interfered
for us, would we have secured our liberty ?
Mr. VENABLE. We were always free, and
we fought, and fought successfully, against op-
pression in prospect—against the asserted right
of taxation without representation. France inter-
posed, but it was an act of war, so acknowledged
and so regarded; and long were the dreary years
before she exhausted the cup of bitterness the
dregs of which she was compelled to drink, and
which she had placed to her own lips. I do not
believe that the havoc and the blood which mars
and stains the history of France, from the com-
mencement of the Revolution of 1790-'91, has
resulted in any permanent good to human liberty
or social rights. I rejoice that I am one who, four
years ago, recorded my name amongst the forty-
seven who refused to congratulate Europe and
mankind upon the sudden appearance of the mush-
room-republic of France, which has been in so
summary a manner uprooted by the bayonets of
Louis Napoleon. They have all the liberty which
they can take care of—more would make them a
nuisance to themselves and the world. I believed
so four years ago, and ask no particular credit for
sagacity in the conviction—time has demonstrated
its soundness. But, sir, I repeat, all nations who
desire and rightly appreciate civil liberty, acquire
and preserve it, and are invincible in that cause.
[Mr. Venable was here interrupted by calls of
" Cluestion ! (Question!" from a particular part of
the House.]
Mr. V. continued. Mr. Chairman, there are
persons even in this Hall who, either from defect-
ive breeding or obtuseness of perception, place
themselves beyond the pale of that courtesy which
regulates the intercourse of gentlemen; and I can
assure those persons who interrupt me by calls of
