1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
the declaration made in the House yesterday, in
relation to the monk and friar work, that his work
will bear comparison with any public work here-
tofore done by contract; or in any other manner,
in the city of Washington. I have, accidentally,
before me a report, known as " Foster & Whit-
ney's Report;" I open it at the two hundred and
forty-first page, and venture the assertion here,
because I have had some experience, that the print-
ing, typography, paper, and general appearance of
the work—there is an absence of monks and friars,
(printers' technical phrases,) and all other strange
gentlemen—will compare with any other printing
previously done for the Government.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman say
whether the document he holds in his hands com-
plies with the contract, or not?
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot say.
Mr. GORMAN. Do you not know that it does
not?
Mr. FLORENCE, i do not, sir.
Mr. GORMAN. I hold in my hand the speci-
men which was attached to the contract. The
paper upon which that document is printed is in-
ferior to it by ten pounds.
Mr. FLORENCE. That assertion only sus-
tains me in the declaration I made in the begin-
ning, that it is good enough for all practical pur-
poses. If it does not come up to the contract, it
only argues the greater necessity for the establish-
ment of a national printing office. Then there will
be a certainty of the Government having good
work and it promptly executed. 1 took from a shelf,
under my desk, this morning, a book which bore
upon its title page the imprint uf Wendell &. Van
Benthuysen. It is not my purpose—indeed, it
would be ungenteel—to reflect upon those gentle-
men. I do not intend to find any fnult with their
work. It did not strike me as being tts well exe-
cuted as this, [holding up m 1ns hand a document
published by A. Boyd Hamilton,] nor quite as
clean. That much I will say. This is better
work than that previously executed for the Gov-
ernment; but still, not coming up to the contract
entered into by Mr. Hamilton, it argues the ne-
cessity of Congress and the country protecting
itself against any future dereliction, by taking the
matter into their own hands, by establishing a
national printing office, and by that means prevent
the eternal squabble that occurs at every session
of Congress, upon the subject of the public prmt-
mg.
It was asserted, as I understood yesterday, that
most of the paper was deficient about ten percent,
m weight.
Mr. GORMAN. It is more than that. We
deducted ten per cent.
Mr. FLORENCE, i understand, however,
that some of it overweighed. At all events, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Havkv] said that
H ich of the work aw had been executed well, the
Committee on Printing did not intend to take away
irom the contractor—consisting of bills, yeas ami
nays, calendars, &c. How much of the work
does that class constitute? Four fifths?
Mr. GORMAN. The first and the fifth class
constitute about one tenth.
Mr. FLORENCE. By my conversation with
Mr. Rives this morning, I took it for granted that
the " yawls" and k< gun-boats" were a small pro-
portion, and the " seventy-fours" were a much !
larger number. j
Mr. OUR. I desire to make a remaik, in the |
shape of an inquiry, so that the chairman of the j
Committee on Printing, or some other member of j
that committee, will be able to answer it. It is j
proposed by the report submitted by the Commit- i
tee on Printing, to give the House printing to |
Donelson & Armstrong, and the Senate printing i
to Gideon & Co. They also stare, that they have
proposed to give to Donelson & Armstrong and
Gideon & Co., the printing at the rates of Mr.
Rives's bid at the last session, f hold an abstract
of all the biddings before me. There were some
ten bidders for the public woik. The aggregate
amount of all the work to be performed by Air.
Rives's bid reaches the sum of $196,000. Mr.
Hamilton agreed to do it, and he has the contract,
for $87,000. And I find amongst the bidders, that
Gideon & Co.—one of the parties who is to re-
ceive one half of the work 
Mr. GORMAN. I do not want the gentleman
to get into any further errors. It is not Gideon &
Co. of the Republic office.
Mr, ORR. Very well. It serves my purpose
as well. I thank the gentleman for the correction.
I thought it was the same company. I find the
name of Jacob Gideon, and I supposed it was the
same. I stand corrected. Mr. Rives's bid—I
recur to that—makes a larger aggregate than the
bid of any other one of the list, with one excep-
tion. The bid of Flinn amounts to $226,000.
The bid of Rives amounts to $196,000, and there
are eight bidders below this point. One of the
bids amounts to $108,000; another to $148,000;
another to §128,000; another to 133,000; another
to $127,000, and another to $168,000. The latter
bid from Messrs. Towers, of this city. They are
practical printers; have an office here; are known
to be men of capabilities in their profession; able
and responsible, and who are willing to take this
contract now at their original bid. Their bid was
§30,000 less than Mr. Rives's. Now, the ques-
tion I desire to propound is, why should the con-
tract be assigned to Gideon & Co. and Donelson
& Armstrong at Rives's bid, when there were
eight bidders lower than Rives? and when Tow-
ers will do the same work at $30,000 less than
the price which the Printing Committee are to pay
the proprietors of the Union and Republic? and
why should the committee give the work to a
Whig and Democratic editor at Rives's bid, who
was a bona fide bidder, without first tendering it
to Rives?
Mr. GORMAN. Rives deducts sixty-nine
per cent.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Rives proposed to deduct a
certain amount, but it does not reduce the amount
I stated his bid to be—§196,000 is the net amount
of his bid after making the deduction the gentle-
man speaks of. Here is a report which was made
out by the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House upon the subject of the biddings.
The aggregate net amount of Mr. Rives's bid is
$196,000. liivea concedes himself timl'Vowem's bid
was $30,000 under his. Another point to which
1 desire to call particular attention is this: The
communication addiessed by Donelson & Arm-
strong and by Gideon & Co., in which they say
they will accept the proposition of the committee
with one qualification, is calculaled, it seems to
me, to involve the committee and the House in an
expenditure much larger than they might imagine.
They say that for the extra numbers beyond
20,000, where Rives proposed to take off sixty-
nine per cent, for the press-work, they must be
allowed to retain that sixty-ninepercent.; that ap-
plies to the PatentOffice report; 100,000 copies will
probably be ordered by the House, and 60,000 by
the Senate, making m alt 160,000. I undertake
to say if the committee determine to strike a con-
tract with Donelson & Armstrong at their prices,
that the increased cost of the PatentOffice report
alone under that contract will be $60,000 greater
than it would be even under Rives's bid; so it really,
if that is to be conceded, swells up the aggregate
of Rives's bid to $>250,000, and makes the Govern-
ment pay the enormous sum of $169,000 more than
A. Boyd Hamilton undertook the same work for.
When my friend from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
shall take the floor, and reply to these matters, 1
hopp he will give the House a satisfactory expo-
sition of these interrogatories which 1 have thrown
out.
With the indulgence of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Florence,] I will make another
remark. 1 indorse fully the sentiment expressed
by my honorable friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] as to the Southern Press, which is said
to be, and is perhaps truly, the organ of a portion
of the Democratic party of this House; and 1 would
vote, as the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] stated, against the Southern Press, be-
cause I believe whenever a newspaper is unable
to support itself at the seat of Government or else-
where without relying upon the public Treasury,
and without bounties from the Government, it ought
to go by the board. 1 am, therefore, opposed to
giving this printing to any partisan editor to sus-
tain partisans. 1 sustain therefore the remark
made by my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
upon that point. As to the Executive printing
which the Southern Pi ess was entitled to last sum-
mer and fall, I think that the Cabinet treated that
paper most illegally, and I would have no objec-
tions to seeing it get such printing as by general
laic it was entitled to by having a greater number
of subscribers than other papers here. There is
a general law providing for certain printing from
the Departments to be done in the newspaper hav-
ing the largest circulation, and the Southern Press
was justly entitled to it in that way. If I was the
editor of that paper, I would sue out a writ of
mandamus, and compel the officers to comply with
the law, in conformity with their oaths. Having
said this much, and returning my thanks to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florfatce]
for his kindness, 1 yield the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. I pledge myself now to the
House to show that Towers's bid, taking in^o
consideration Mr. Rives's deduction of sixty-nine
per cent., is $15,000 more than Rives's bid. I
pledge my word of honor to show that, upon the
very next bid, Towers never made a single soli-
tary cent of deduction, and Rives made sixty-nine
per cent.
Mr. ORR. Let me correct my friend, as he
was beginning to correct me before I fell into an
error. Let me correct him before he falls into
one. I have conversed with both of these parties
within the last twenty-four hours. Towers's
statement was, that hie was willing to do the
work; and Rives's statement was, that Towers
could not do the work at the price he bid; but at
the prices which he (Rives) bid for it, he would
be able to make something handsome. That is
the statement of Mr. Rives.
Mr. GORMAN. If Rives got the census, he
would. That is his statement; and it is the state-
; ment before this House, and upon the paper pre-
sented to you, and referred to the Committee on
Printing. I now state that Rives's bid is §196,000,
Flinn's $225,000, and Farnham's $186,000, for
two classes, when Rives's bid is only $196,000
i for five classes. The gentleman could just as well
j state that as to have stated the balance.
! Mr. FLORENCE resumed. I hold in my
[ hand a little paper which, no doubt, has been
! placed upon the desks of all the members, which
, contains the aggregate amount of the bids for all
the classes of public printingfor the Thirty-second
i Congress. If gentlemen will refer to this little
! piece of paper, they will be able to inform them-
i selves of the comparative amount for which each
; of these bidders offered to do the public work. I
; will read it:
i JlggreoatQ amount of bids for all the Classes of the
i Public Printing for the Thirty-second Congress,
Baptiste ..
Flinn 
Towers...
Gideon....
Cook 
Bowen. ..
ltives  
Hamilton.
Crnwcll .
Nai'ew—
FarnUasn..
jfe4,136 j $13,855
9,1)08 ; 19,466 j
3,24^
4,737 i
6,881 1
.1,197;
8,563 j
3,011 |
3,756 i
6,*2S6 '
15.990 1
12,07-2 ,
19,031 i
•44,093
9,2()7 ,
13,180 !
13.131 I
-•100,G51i
181,192!
139,217
150,187'
8 2,703!
207,6751
75,9^)1
100,4-18'
100,871;
1-15,466.
$8,011
13,257
0,767
9,-265 ,
5,580 !
5.146 :
4,976 ■
9,234 ■
7,127 •
41,011 :
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 think there
is an error in the statement, for it makes Rives's
bid for the Executive documents over £.207,000,
while the official reports of this House show that
it is only §152,000. You give him more for the
Executive documents than he offered to do the
whole work.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is not an error. Ac-
cording to the official report of the bids it will be
found that this amount is correct. By reference
to table No. 4, of the leport—class 4, the Execu-
tive documents—it will be seen that the gross bid
of Mr. Rives is $207,675. The amount to which
the gentleman releis, is the amount of Mr. Rives's
net bid, after deducting some £>54,979 to cover the
sixty-nine per cent, reduction on all documents of
which more than twenty thousand copies shall be
ordered.
if there is any errors m the statement I have
read, the Committee on Public Printing may now
have an opportunity to correct them. 1 do not
desire to state to this House anything which is not
the fact. I happened accidentJy to see this. I
took it for granted that it was submitted here
" semi-officially," and that it was printed correct-
ly, or I would not have presented it to the House.
All I desire to do, is to present to the considera-
tion of the House the facts of the case, that mem-
bers of Congress may vote intelligently upon the
