162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. SO,
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am astonished at the ex-
citability of gehtlemen on this floor. It would ap-
pear that no subject whatever can be introduced
here but some minds will seize upon it and give it
a, connection with matters which are not legiti-
mately connected with it. Most liSartily do I
concur with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] in paying the tribute of my respect to
this distinguished foreigner. I shall do it most
cheerfully. The act is one simple in its charac-
ter, and obvious in its tendency. But, sir, what
right has the gentleman upon the present occa-
sion to drag my name in and attempt to arraign
me before this House and before the nation ?
W% attempt to charge me with a design of in-
volving the nation in war ? I have not uttered a
word upon this question. I sat here in silence,
without the remotest idea of mingling in this de-
bate; and had I taken upon myself to address the
committee, it would never have entered into my
mind to connect this resolution with the question
of slavery, as the gentleman has done, or to con-
nect it with war, as the gentleman has wantonly,
accused me of doing. Far, far from my thoughts
would have been such an idea, and I deny the
right of that gentleman or any other, before I have
spoken, to anticipate the positions which I should
take, and arraign me before the House and before
®the country for those positions. Have I ever
at any time hesitated to express my views openly,
with perfect frankness, on any and on every
question that has been presented to this body
since I have had the honor of a seat in this Hal! ?
I appeal with confidence to those who have served
with me, to the country who have read my re-
marks and votes on every subject brought before
us, against this unfounded, this ungenerous charge
of the gentleman. My whole political life bears
testimony in contradiction of it. Whenever a
proper occasion shall present itself, I shall not
hesitate to express my opinion on the subject of
peace with other nations, and among all nations,
in favor of universal peace. But I cannot be
dragged into a discussion of those principles on a
subject so unsuitable as that now before us.
What authority had the gentleman from New
York, or any other gentleman, to charge me with
inconsistency in relation to my avowed principles of
peace? Certainly from nothing which I have said:
nor from any vote which I have ever given. There
is something most wanton in his charges. I surely
had not provoked it at his hands. To him I would
say, Your charge is unfounded and false: you have
traveled out of your way to assail me: on those
charges I will meet you most cheerfully at the
proper time, or whenever the proper occasion shall
arrive. The gentleman has spoken of popular
sentiment, of which he appears to stand in great
dread. I have no such fears. The popular mind
is lighted by the intelligence of the people, and it
will mete out justice, and no more than justice, to
that gentleman and to myself. However much he
may shrink from it, he must meet it. The gen-
tleman appears now to tremble in view of the pen-
alty of that " higher law" written upon the hearts
of men by the finger of God. This law he has
contemned and ridiculed. For the subversion of
this law he has sent so many thousands of" lower
law sermons" broad-cast throughout the free States.
He must, however, meet the penalties of the pop-
ular will; he may fear and tremble and turn pale
at its approach. It must come; he cannot avoid
this supreme law, before which we must all bow.
It is already inflicting its penalties upon him. and
ere long will consign him to the charnel-house of
political apostates.
Mr. Chairman, while on the floor I will take
occasion to say that I shall most cheerfully and
most heartily vote for the resolution. I wish to
tender to the distinguished Kossuth not merely the
homage of my own heart, but I wish this House,
the representatives of the people, to do it officially,
in the name and on behalf of the nation. For
this reason I wish to see this resolution pass,
and that speedily. I decline all attempts to drag
me into a discussion of its merits; they will be ap-
preciated by the people without any aid from us.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was proceeding to say
before yielding the floor, that I did not think there
was much difference between the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] who proposed
this amendment, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] who submitted the original reso-
lution ; and it is 'for that reason that I am willing
ito vote for the proposition of either of those gen-
tlemen . ]But lam unwilling to go any further. I
perfectly concur in the sentiment which has been
expressed by gentlemen who have preceded me
in thijs debate, that we should not commit this
country to war for any people except our own. I
| have read with a great deal of pleasure some of
the speeches of Mr. Kossuth, and some of them
with much less pleasure. If it is to be a struggle
as to who shall rule in Hungary—it it is to be a
question as to the independence of that people,
and not a question of the elevation of the masses,
then it is a matter of utter indifference to me. I
do not care who shall govern in that country.
But if it is a struggle for the freedom of the people,
they have my sympathy, my wishes, and my
prayer for their success. If it be a question of
power, as to whether this man or that man shall
govern the country with despotism, it is a matter,
as I have said, of utter indifference to me. But,
sir, I trust, I believe, I hope that the struggle has
been to give liberty to the masses; and, believing
that, I am willing to tender to Kossuth, as the
representative of that country, the hospitalities of
this. But I am not to be deterred from giving
this vote because heretofore we have not been
successful while expressing our sympathies for
the millions of France, in securing their liberty.
The liberties of the people of France have not been
placed in proper hands, and they will fail in Hun-
gary if they fall into' similar hands. Whatever
else may be done <?r accomplished in France, one
thing has been accomplished: the divine right of
kings to rule has been broken and destroyed.
We' have heard a great deal said about peace
and war, but, as I have said before, if this coun-
try is to be involved in a war, I want it to be on
her own account. I never wish to see an Ameri-
can army guided by a power alien to us. I never
want to see a war carried on except by the direc-
tion of our own legislation. I wish to see the
American people carry it on under their own
guidance and for their own purposes; otherwise
that flag which has never trailed in the dust may
be humbled. And I am unwilling, while I extend
freely the hospitalities of the nation, and the hos-
pitalities of the individuals of the nation, to Mr.
Kossuth, to commit the nation to a policy until I
know what that policy is. I repeat, if the strug-
gle in Hungary is for the ascendency of the individ-
ual who is to control, and not for the elevation of
the masses, it is a matter of utter indifference to
me whether they succeed or not; but if it is for
the liberty of the masses, they have my ardent
hopes and my best wishes for success.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not regard the
resolution before this committee as committing this
Government to the doctrines which Kossuth has
been attempting to propagate in the speeches he
has made since his arrival upon our shores. If I
so regarded it, it would not receive from me the
feeble opposition which.it will now encounter at
my hands. On the contrary, if I regarded it in any
such light, I should esteem it asolemn duty to my
country to resist it with every energy with which
God has endowed me. My opposition to the res-
olution is not of that high character; if it were, the
resolution should never pass so long as opposition
could delay it. If this Government should ever
connect itself with the principles which Kossuth
has been attempting to propagate, it would be to
give it such a blow as it has never yet received,
and which our liberties could not for any length of
time survive. It would commit this Government
to a course of policy which we have no constitu-
tional power to carry out. I shall not attempt to
elaborate this view of the matter at the present
time, but I shall feel it my duty upon a proper
occasion to go into it more at large. But I desire
here, to say that I do not regard this Government
as altogether blameless in its oonduct in reference
to Kossuth. There is evidently a misunderstand-
ing between him and us. He obviously regards
the Government as, in some degree, committed to
his doctrines; and the Government ought not to
allow this delusion to continue: if it does, it may
involve humanity in Europe in an extent of suffer-
ing such as is not anticipated.
Suppose this delusion is permitted to continue
upon his mind; suppose this Government does
not, in some emphatic manner, repudiate his doc-
trines, and with the expectation of succoj from
us, Hungary should again rise and she should
again be put under the iron heel of despotism, afrd
this Government should fail to interfere, as weal}
know, and with absolute eerjainty, that we should
do, shall not we in a degree become responsible*
for the suffering and calamities which that people
would be subjected to in consequence of permit-
ting-them to continue under the delusion which
Kossuth is obviously now laboring under? If my
counsel can prevail, he will not leave this country
until there is a distinct understanding between
him and this Government; such an understanding
that nobody in Europe, or anywhere else, shall be
deluded into acts with any expectation of succor
from us. There ought to be a distinet understand-
ing. He is clear and explicit in what he asks-;
we ought to be equally so. I do not understand
this resolution as committing this Government at
all. My opposition does not grow out of any
such impression; it is based upon this: I think we
are offering an extent of adulation to Kossuth
which his antecedents do not authorize. I have a
feeling in respect to this adulation growing out- of
another circumstance, and a feeling which I con-
fess has touched every patriotic impulse of my
heart. Sir, Kossuth is not the first man who has
fallen in the fight for liberty in Europe who has
visited our shores. About 1793, 1 think it was,
when the fires of liberty were burning in this land
with.a brightness with which they do not now
burn; when the patriots of the Revolution were
sSRl living; when our Washington was still among
us, Kosciusko, with whom 1 will not undertake
to compare Kossuth, because it would be doing
injustice to the dead; Kossuth, who fell in the de-
fence of the liberties of Poland 
A Voice. No! Kosciusko.
Mr. BAYLY. Did I say Kossuth? Of course
I mean Kosciusko; I meant that man of whom
when he fell the poet said: "Freedom shrieked
when Kosciusko fell." His merits as a European
patriot, I undertake to say, were at least equal to
the merits of this man; death has canonized him,
but I canonize no mail until death has sealed his
character. But his claims upon our gratitude did
not stop with his claims to the title of " friend of
freedom" in Europe. He was the companion in
arms of Washington, and aided in achieving those
liberties which we now enjoy. But when be-
came here and went hence, he received none of
those adulations which are so lavishingly poured
out upon Kossuth. When I contrast the recep-
tion of that man upon his arrival upon our shores
with the reception which it is now proposed to
give Kossuth, I confess I look upon it notentirely
without feelings of mortification and shame.
But, Mr. Chairman, when I took the floor, I
did not design to go into this matter to the extent
which my feelings have carried me. I wish to
say here, and desire that it shomld go forth to the
country, that from an intimate association with
members of the two Houses of Congress, and
having made it a frequent subject of conversation
with them, I here assert—and I hope it may meet
Kossuth's eye—that I do not believe there are
twenty members in both Houses of Congress who
would be willing to sanction the doctrines he has
attempted to propagate in this country. And if
there are those who are carried away by the en-
thusiasm which is-running through the land, who
will for a moment fall in with it, either from mo-
tives of popularity-hunting, or from other mo-
tives—I say, if there are twenty members of this
Congress who are prepared to give way to that
feeling—which I am quite sure is not the case—I
believe that nineteen twentieths of the American
people are the other way. From where I am now-
standing to the Rio Grande, I do not believe there
are one thousand men of substance and character
—men whose opinions upon matters of this kind
are regarded with respect—I do not believe that
one thousand men of this character can be found
who would be willing to commit this Government
to a policy which would involve us in an eternal
strife between European Powers—which would
bring upon us standing armies, heavy taxation,
and national debts, such as are now pressing
down the nations of Europe, and a greater part of
which have been incurred in wars waged to carry
out this very doctrine of intervention, ornon-inter-
vention, whichever you are disposed to call it. If"
our Government were to become wedded to this
policy, I repeat, I do not believe our liberties
would survive twtnty years; and 1 believe this is
