185'i.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lots
whenever he shali please; for I shall certainly not
step out of it* [Laughter.]
Mr. POLK. I amagme the gentleman will not
be allowed that privilege; for they will order him
out.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
[Laughter.] I am extremely sorry to do it$ but
1 take the ground that this is all out of order, and
I appeal to the Chair to sustain the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the debate is not strictly in order. '*
Mr. POLK. There is no man whose advice I
would sooner follow than that of the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. NABERS. The only purpose I have in
rising is this: My colleague [Mr, Brown] makes
the remark that, upon the old issues of the Dem-
ocratic party, himself and the gentleman from
Massachusetts stand together. Now, I desire to
ask my colleague, with the permission of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] whether the
old Democratic party issues do not require a strict
observance of the Constitution, and if there is not
a clause in that Constitution guarantying to the
people of the South the recapture of their fugitive
slaves ? I repeat, is it not one of the great issues
of the Democratic party, that "No person held
* to service or labor in one State, under the laws
* thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
* quence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
* charged from such service or labor, but shall be
* delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
* service or labor may be due?" Is my colleague
(Mr. Brown] willing to recognize any man as a
Democrat who, under any pretext whatsoever,
justifies the non-enforcement of the above provis-
ion of the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. POLK. Right there, upon that point.
The SPEAKER, The Chair must arrest this
discussion as out of order, unless permitted by the
unanimous consent of the House.
[Cries of 4' Leave!" 4 4 Leave!"]
Mr. FOWLER. X insist upon my point of
order.
Mr, RANTOUL. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Nabers] has inquired whether his
colleague [Mr, Brown] and myself stand upon the
same giound in regard to the stiict observance*^
the Constitution, and especially that clause of the
Constitution which provides for the delivery of
fugitive slaves. Now I ask the gentleman to al-
low me to answer that question.
[Mr, Rantoul handed to the Reporter the fol-
lowing memorandum of the reply which he had
wished to make, when he was prevented by the
enforcement of the rules.
Before the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] can tell whether he agrees with me on
these points, he must first know my views upon
them. I insist upon the "strict observance ofthe
Constitution," not in unmeaning words, but in
fact. If there is any doctrine fundamental to the
creed of the Democratic party, it is that the Con-
stitution be strictly construed. By the 10th
amendment, "powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
The third clause of the 2d section of article 4th
of the Constitution, just quoted by the gentleman,
does not, in terms, grant one scintilla of power to
the Federal Government. It does not, by any
implication, necessary, or even unnecessary, grant
any power, any more than the first clause of the
same section, touching immunities of citizens. At
the time it was adopted, there is no reason to sus-
pect that any one dreamed that it contained a grant
of power. It was borrowed from the ordinance
of 1787, in which instrument nobody has yet pre-
tended that it contained a grant of power. The
fugitive law, pretended to be based on this clause,
is a naked usurpation of power, without one syl-
lable in the Constitution to justify it—a gross, pal-
pable, flagrant violation of the Constitution, which
we have sworn to support.
Such a usurpation, a Hamiltonian Federalist
may justify. A State-Rights Democrat cannot.
This "I should have argued, if the previous ques-
tion had not been employed, last week, " to quiet
agitation," cutting off all debate.]
The SPEAKER'. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rantoul] and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] allow the Chair to say
that this course of remark cannot be indulged,
except by the unanimous consent of the House.
[Cries of " Go on!" iiGo on!J,J
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. BROWN. I ask that I may be allowed to
answer the interrogatory of my colleague, [Mr.
Nabers.]
The SPEAKER. It is objected to on the right
and on the left of the Chair. The Chair was dis-
posed to indulge a very wide latitude in the dis-
cussion, until admonished by gentlemen upon all
sides, that the discussion was out of order, and
demanding that the rules of the House should be
enforced.
Mr. BROWN. I have but one remark to make,
and that shall be in order. It appears to have
been in order for my colleague [Mr. Nabers] to
ask a question, but it is not in order for me to
answer it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi intend to cast an imputation upon the
Chair?
Mr. BROWN. I simply mean to state what
was the fact.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman is out
of order.
[Mr. Brown requests the Reporter to say, that
if he had been allowed to respond to Mr. Nabers
and Mr. Polk, he would have said: The time
was when the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Rantoul) was accepted as a sound Democrat.
Mr. Polk appointed him United States district
attorney for Massachusetts, and thus indorsed
him to me and to the nation. He was a Demo-
crat then on the old issues. If he has changed his
opinions, I have yet to learn it; and if he has not,
he is a Democrat on these issues yet. If the bank
charter, or protective tariff, distribution, wasteful
appropriations, or the repeal of the Sub-Treasury,
any one or all of them shall be proposed, I will
not reject the aid of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Free-Soiler though he be) in upholding
the Democratic side of these questions. These
were the issues—the old issues—when the hon-
ored brother of the gentleman from Tennessee
appointed Robert Rantoul district attorney. On
these he was sound; we all trusted him then, and
if he has not changed his opinions, I know of no
reason why we should not tiust him now.
On the new issues—those growing out of the
slavery strife and the territorial acquisitions—
there is no bond of sympathy, no affinity be-
tween the gentleman from Massachusetts and my-
self. On all these issues, direct and Collateral, that
gentleman and myself are as wide apart as the
poles. This the gentlemen from Tennessee and
Mississippi know full well.
If the gentlemen on both sides of the House
who passed the compromise are to be trusted, the
slavery question and all the incidental issues grow-
ingout of it have been settled; they were all com-
promised; and it was but the other day that we
passed a finality resolution, which meant, as 1
supposed, that there was an end of the main issue
and'all its incidents. Now we have it dug up,
resurrected, and dragged in here again, and that,
too, by its own best friends. I hope we shali be
done with this matter.
If fidelity to the Democratic party means that I
must vote large and fat jobs of printing to Donel-
son & Armstrong, and if I can only signalize my
fidelity by voting other large and fat jobs to the
Republic, I must say to the gentlemen who are
croaking "coalition 1" "coalition!" that in this
view I am not faithful, and never mean to be.
I would as soon have the aid of the gentleman
from Massachusetts in severing the unholy bonds
which unite the Union and Republic as I would
in pulling down protection or upholding the inde-
pendent treasury. When a good work has to be
done, I will accept aid from any quarter.
It is a weak invention of the coalitionists to raise
this hue and cry, and expect thereby to divert pub-
lic attention from the fact that they have fastened
the Union to one teat of the National Treasury,
and then, by way of quieting the Republic, giving
it another and a better one. Cry coalition as much
as you please, the people will inquire by whom
and for what reason these things were done.]
Mr. POLK. I think I can arrange this matter
between the Chair and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi. As the remainder of the hour belongs to
me, I am willing that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown-] should answer his colleague.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr6m Ten-
nessee will suspend. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, if he had marked the'proceedings, would
have noticed the fact that the Chair was disposed
to indulge the debate to an almost unlimited ex-
tent; but he was admonished foy'the "gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,] and 'agiin
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,}
that the debate was out of order, and called upon
by them to enforce the rules of the House.* He
endeavored to do so, for a long time without?.suc-
cess; and he shall continue to endeavor to perform
his duty, whatever may be the opinion of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
Mr. RANTOUL. 1 ask the gentleman from
Mississippi 
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, the Chair will be happy to hear the
gentleman.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts again explain his position ?
Mr. RANTOUL. The explanation I proposed
to make 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!" and confusion
in the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow this
debate to go on. The Chair ealls gentlemen to
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the gentleman
have leave to proceed.
Mr. GENTRY. You cannot take the floor
from my colleague [Mr. Polk] without his leave.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] moves that the gentleman
from Massachusetts (Mr. Rantoul] have leave to
proceed with his remarks. The Chair will state
what the rule is upon that subject.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is upon a ques-
tion of order. He was proceeding to say, that if
the House agree to give the gentleman leave to
proceed with his remarks, as a matter of course,
it must be done under the rule, and that rule does
not allow this latitude ofdebate. In order, there-
fore, to reach the object sought by this motion,
there must necessarily be the unanimous consent
of the House. The Chair will now hear the ques-
tion of older made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. McMULLIN. My point of order is, that
my colleague [Mr. Letcher] had not obtained
the floor from the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] and, therefore, had no right to sub-
mit the motion.
Mr. POLK. I am for harmony in the House,
and in that spirit, I will even forego the privilege
I have of continuing my remarks. I move that
the whole subject do lie upon the table.
Mr. CLINGxMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet commenced.
Mr. CABLE. Would it be m order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion has been made
to lay the subject of the public printing upon the
table; and, in the opinion of the Chair, that is a
privileged motion.
Mr FLORENCE. I desire to know what will
become of my bill, if the subject is laid upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. That will be for the House
to determine. The Chair cannot anticipate the
action of that body.
Mr. WOODWARD. The motion is, to lay the
whole subject upon the table now. I desire to
know what is meant by this motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
proposition is, to lay the report upon the table.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will it include the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. POLK. I understand it carries with it
everything connected with the matter.
The SPEAKER. It does.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of* the "Whole
upon the special order. 4 # ,
The SPEAKER. That motion is notin order,
