1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
shown them that there was such a river as the
Illinois, and that, in a business and commercial I
point of view, it was of some importance.
The Stateof Illinois,atan expense of more than
#6,000,000, has built a magnificent canal connect-
ing Lake Michigan with the Illinois river. The
Illinois connects with the Mississippi, which flows
directly on to the Atlantic ocean. Unless the Illi-
nois is kept in a navigable condition, our costly
canal is comparatively valueless. The State of
Illinois, strong as she may feel herself, is yet too
poor easily to bear a loss of $6,000,000. Is it
possible, that while voting away millions for the
improvement of harbors and rivers, Congress will
refuse the trifling sum necessary for the improve-
ment of the Illinois, and thus render, in a great
measure, valueless the expensive and magnificent
canal which that State has at such a great cost
constructed? Let me call the attention of the com- j!
mittee to one suggestive fact in connection with j;
this subject ? . ;;
The Illinois river stands in almost precisely the ;
same commercial position that the Hudson does. |[
It is one linfe in the chain connecting the lakes
with the Atlantic ocean on the west, while the
Hudson constitutes a precisely similar link, con-
necting them with the ocean on the east. The
Illinois river, uniting with the canal, may be said
to connect the lakes with the Atlantic ocean—so
does the Hudson. In position and in commercial
importance they are almost identical, except that
the one is west and the other is east of the Alle-
gany mountains. Now, for the improvement of
the Hudson this bill appropriates #50,000; for the
improvement of the Illinois, nothing. I .altogether
pass by the fact that the Hudson has heretofore
received thousands upon thousands of dollars from
the Government, while the Illinois has never re- j
ceived a cent, and complain only at this time of |
the injustice mediated by this particular bill. Sir, i
this bill is unequal, inequitable, monstrously un-
just—if it be in order to speak of the bill.
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to allude
to the merits or demerits of the bill in discussing
this amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. Strictly speaking, I suppose
not; but if I allude to it at all, what else can I say?
I cannot say that it is a just bill. [Laughter.] The
chairman of the committee [Mr. Seymour] tells
me to say nothing about it. That, no doum, is
the proper injunction to give to the friends of the
bill, and upon their observance of that injunction
depends its safety. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I will agree that the
gentleman from Illinois makes out a very strong
case. If any case could be put where there has
been an omission, the case lie puts is one of the
strongest, and particularly because this river and
canal connecting with it have had from the Gov-
ernment alarge appropriation of the land of the Uni-
ted States, a railroad some where in the vicinity
of this canal has hail a grant which the friends
of it say is equal to $^0,000,000. This, therefore,
I say, furnishes a very strong case in behalf of my
friend from Illinois.
Mr. BISSELL. Does tlie gentleman say that
any land or money has been applied by the Gen-
Mr. WARD. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
For tiie improvement of the navigation of the Cumber
land river, $49,000.
I am only desirous to secure what I conceive to
be justice to that particular river, and in so doing
I hope that the House will not consider me unne-
cessarily troublesome. I am not in the habit of
demanding or asking at the hands of Congress
any favor which my judgment does not clearly
and conclusively show is right in itself; and when
| I am satisfied that what I do ask is right, I feel
I myself authorized to resort to all legitimate
j meahs for obtaining it. The Cumberland river,
I for which I desire an appropriation to be made,
received, in the year 1832, during General Jack-
! son's administration, an appropriation of $30,000;
I in 1834 it received an appropriation of $30,000;
in 1836 it received an appropriation of $20,000;
in 1837 it received an appropriation of $55,000;
and in 1838 it received an appropriation of §20,000.
1 think that these facts clearly and conclusively
demonstrate the fact that Congress have uniform-
ly, upon an examination of that stream, been sat-
isfied that this was a stream of a national charac-
ter, which demanded action at the hands of the
General Government. It is a stream that is navi-
gable for upwards of six hundred miles, running
through the States of Tennessee and Kentucky.
But this is not the only point upon which I base
the claim for an appropriation for this river. It ,
is true that as great an amount of trade does not i
pass dosvn that stream as down the Hudson I
river. It is our misfortune to live in a country |
more sparsely settled than that upon the Hudson; ^
but there are individuals living upon the Cumber- j
land who are as much entitled to the protection of .
this Government as those more fortunate, living
upon the Hudson. This bill proposes to give to |
, the Hudson river $50,000 for a navigation of one '
'.'f'y I hundred and fifty miles, while the proposition I
L S 1 present is to give, for the improvement of the j
Cumberland river, §49,000 for a navigation of six j
hundred miles. It is not the number of indi\id-
utils involved—it is not the amount of produce
which comesilown a stream, thatgives it a national i
character. The duty of the Government is as |
great, to protect half a dozen individuals settled j
upon a stream, which is national in its character, i
as it would be to protect a million. It is true, if i
they have not the same voting power—if they
have not the same influence in attempting to j
thwart measures which are in themselves unjust, i
as would the million, yet, according to the princi- |
pies of justice, if we examine the matter philo- '
sophically, they have as much right to the pro-
tecting arm of the Government as would larger
of Illinois and Indiana, for about three hundred
miles. If the few obstructions which exist in that
river were removed it would make it navigable all
the season, except when frozen over. The ques-
tion of its importance is not a new question be-
fore the country. In 1832, an appropriation
passed both Houses of Congress appropriating for
this river, if I remember correctly, $100,000.
That appropriation was vetoed by General Jack-
son, upon the ground that there was no port of
entry upon that river. Subsequently, the Con-
gress of the United States made Lafayette a port
of entry, obviating that objection, but from that
time to the present, no appropriation has been
made. Now, I am not disposed to make an as-
sault upon this bill, and 4 will state to the friends
of it that I am in favor of its principles, and unless
r change my mind—whether my appropriation is
made or not—I think I shall vote for it. The
people occupying the portion of the State of Indi-
ana which I represent, are in favor of such im-
provements. We have our Wabash and Erie
canal, extending from Evansville to Toledo, upon
Lake Erie—the longest canal in thellnited States,
! upon which our productions find their way North
' and South, and especially in a northerly direction.
I feel as much interested in the improvement of
the Hudson river, the harbor at Buffalo, and all
these improvements in this bill, as any other man;
but I do ask this committee—and 1 ask them in
good faith—and I ask it because 1 believe it is
right and just—to appropriate $50,000 for the im-
provement of the Wabash river. There can be
no objection to it. It is a small sum of money.
I think it wiil be the settled policy of the country
to engage in improvements of the kind contem-
plated by the bit). If it is to be the policy, let the
precedent be settled in favor of the Wabash river
as well as other rivers of a like character; let these
appropriations be made, and then the country will
become harmonious, and such appropriations will
not enter into the political contests of the day. I
trust, as I have before stated, that this committee
will seriously consider my amendment, and vote
for the small appropriation asked for in it. Upon
the amendment I have offered 1 demand tellers*
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
For the inipiovement of the Tuscarawas rivcr3 $10,000.
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, it may not be
known to the committee that the Tuscarawas
river is a very important river, but it is a river
that has flowed a great many years. When it
commenced flowing, the history of the region of
that country does not give; but, it is supposed,
shortly after the subsidence of Noah's flood. It
numbers. We have no railroad in that country, 1
by means of which we can transport our produce i. v
: to market. We are dependent alone upon this !i is a very interesting river m its Indian legendary,
| single stream, and we are surrounded by moun- :I and has been appropriated to national commerce
tains in every direction. The citizens who in- j! long before the discovery of this continent by Co-
! habit the valicy of that river are industrious and j| lumbus. [Laughter.] Bark canoes have, in days
enterprising: and I do hope and trust that the ; gone by, floated down the Tuscarawas, and it is
| friends of this bill wiil not force from its support said that they always floated down easier than
; those who are in favor of the principle of the im- s' they floated up. ^ [Laughter.] From time imme-
| provement of rivers and harbors. They may morial its^ beautiful waters have been very^ im-
' find, if they force A, B, and C from supporting I
tins bill, that when the final vote is to be taken, J
| they will not have strength enough to ^arry out 1
! this or any other improvement. I am anxious to j
! see a system of improvements commenced, and I |
| wish to see such a system established upon broad,
I just, and general principles.
j Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
I Mr. WARD demanded tellers; which were or-
:: dered; and Messrs. King of New York, and
:! Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ward's
amendment, and there were—ayes 58, noes 59.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
ij For tiie improvement of the Wabash river, $50,000.
!| I offer this amendment in good faith, and I be-
ll lieveit should be adopted by the committee. The
Mr. FULLER. I was only stating reasons j! Wabash river is a river that is strictly national in
why I couid not go for the gentleman's amend- \\ its character—as much so as the Hudson or any
ment. ] other river that has been mentioned. It is navi-
Mr. BISSELL. I ask for tellers upon my I; gable for mostof the season, for four hundredand
amendment. L fifty miles, dividing the frontier between the States
eral Government to the Illinois river?
Mr. FULLER. I understand that appropria-
tion of alternate sections of land has been hereto-
tofore made to aid in building the canal of which
the gentleman has spoken.
Mr. BISSELL. Yes, sir, and in addition to
that, that canal has cost the State of Illinois
more than $6,000,000.
Mr. FULLER. I do not doubt that, and so have
a great many other canals cost a vast deal of money
which the Government has not contributed a cent
towards; hence I conceive that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bissesl] has made out a very strong
case!
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a point of order/
[laughter] and it is, that the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] should confine his remarks to the
subject-matter under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Maine is opposing the
amendment.
portant; for, if it were not for the waters of the
Tuscarawas, and some other streams, the Mis-
sissippi river would be unfurnished with water.
[Laughter.] In this point of view, the committee
will perceive that it is of the highest importance
to the national commerce of the country; and I
hope that this recommendation of this river will be
sufficient to move their vote one way or the other
upon the subject. [Laughter.]
There is another consideration which operates
with me personally- 
Mr. CLARKE. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether this is in pursuance of
the order promulgated by the chairman this morn-
i ing, or the higher law?
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
i the gentleman is giving his reasons why his amend-
| ment should be adopted, and that he is in order.
! Mr. BISSELL. I rise to a question of order,
j I think it is not in order for the gentleman to en-
croach upon the province of Dan Rice—at any
i rate not in the House of Representatives. I make
11 that point. [Laughter.]
;j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
1 point of order. [Renewed laughter.]
M Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then the
