1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
Chair decides that it is becoming in the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to do so?
Mr. OA RTTER. I am aware that my amend-
ment may be opposed by other rivals. [Great
laughter.] I will say to my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] that I do not wish to op-
pose my amendment to the prejudice of his, and I
am willing; to admit, if he institutes a comparison,
that the Illinois river is a little longer than the Tus-
cttraw&s river; nevertheless, in the ratio of the
amount of water, the Tuscarawas is just as im-
portant as the Illinois river. My own impression
in reference to both is, that it will be found, in
the lapse of time, that all these improvements
had better be in the direction of supplying water.
[Laughter.] For it will be found, in the history
of the cultivation of the country, that the great
difficulty is the want of water. Now, I hope,
with these substantial recommendations of this ji
amendment, that it may be placed alongside of ;
and considered with others. j
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the gentleman may ;
be allowed to withdraw his amendment, ;
Mr. CARTTER. I will withdraw it. \
Mr. STEVENS objected. !
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cart- j
tbr's amendment to the amendment, and it was 1
not agreed to. j
Mr. CAMPBELL,of Illinois. I have an amend- 1
ment which I desire to offer. !
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman from II- i
Imois to withhold his amendment until a vote is j
taken on the amendment that I offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. "Very well; I withdraw mv |
amendment. i
Mr. BISSELL demanded tellers upon hisamend- ]
ment, but they were not ordered.
The question was then t.iken upon the amend- ,
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, offered the fol- !
lowing amendment:
For the impioveinent of the Rock river rapid*, in ihe
Mississippi, ,$30,000. '
Mr. STEVENS. To increase the rapids3 j
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir, to increase their
rapid usefulness. I intend, sir, to confine myself ,
to the explanation of this amendment, and I have
only a few words to say.
In the bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, the jreneral appropriation for the Missis-
sippi, Missouri, Ohio, and some other rivers, is
made to take effect below the Des Moines rapids,
about one hundred and fifty miles below the Rock ;
river rapids, in the Mississippi river; therefore
no part of that appropriation can be applied to
the improvement of the Rock river rapids. That
same bill contains an appropriation of §50,000, to
be applied to the improvement of the I)es Moines
rapids in the Mississippi river, and to those rapids
alone. No appropriation, then, thus far has been
suggested for the improvement of the Rock river
rapids, in the Mississippi river. Now, sir, these
rapids are about eighteen miles in length, and they
offer to the free navigation of the Mississippi river
almost insurmountable obstructions when the
water is in a low state. Last spring the Post
Ofiice Department established a river mail from
St. Louis to Galena, a point about one hundred
miles above these rapids. Since the season of
low water has commenced, the company having
that contract have been under the necessity of
stopping their large boats, and making arrange-
ments to run boats above the ra-pids. It will be
seen, therefore, for the national purpose of trans-
portation of the mail on this great national stream,
that the improvement of these rapids is essentially
necessary. If, sir, the appropriation of $50,000
should be carried into eftect for the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids, it makes it more neces-
sary and more essential that some improvement of
a corresponding character should be made in the
rapids situate or located one hundred and fifty
miles above them on the same stream.
In 1837. under an act of Congress, and in obe-
dience to an order from the War Department, an
engineer made a survey of these rapids, and ithas
been ascertained that the appropriation of n very
small sum, something, of course, over $50,000,
but $50,000 itself would make a very great im-
provement in the navigation of the upper rapids.
The i iver is here crossed by chains of rock stretch-
ins; from shore to shore. The channel is narrow
and ruinous, and there are ledgts of projecting
rocks, that reach into the channel, which are ne-
cessary to be removed. If these rocks were re- |
moved, the channel would not only be strait- |
ened, but it would be widened, and thereby make ;
the navigation of it a great deal more safe and j
easy than it is at present. !
Mr, SEYMOUR, of New York. The remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from Illinois
deserve a few words of explanation from the com-
mittee.
I would say that both propositions for the im-
provement of the Des Moines and the Rock river
rapids were before the committee. The charts,
surveys, and estimates were all examined; and jj
the committee were satisfied that the chief ob- ;!
structions to the navigation upon these rapids were [<■
m the Des Moines rapids at the lower part of
them; and for the purpose of seeing whether these ,
obstructions could not be in a great measure re- |
moved—about which there had been some doubt, |
I so much as to suggest the propriety of construct- \
, ing a canal around both rapids—the committee ;
i concluded to recommend $50,000 for the purpose j
S of removing the chief difficulty, the principal ob-
| structions, which we understood are at the foot [
; of the Des Moines rapids. Now, if this opera- ,
; tion—which we contemplate by this bill, and j
i which we have restricted to two chains as they {
! have been surveyed by an engineer, and are de- j
j scribed in the bill as the lower chain, and the ,
i English chain—should prove as successful upon
i a further examination, as we hope it will, then
1 we can go on with propriety at a subsequent time,
and make other nppropriations for removing some
of the difficulties to which the gentleman from 11- (
linoia has alluded. The whole amount of the '
estimate for this work is, I think, nearly half a !
million of money. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. This estimate, j
it will be remembered, was made in 1837, when i
the country was unsettled, and when it was very
expensive both with regard to procuring and em- j
ploying men, and obtaining materials to coin- ;
mence operations with. At the present time, sir, (
the country is densely settled, all materials are on 1
the ground, and provisions and everything elseare I
greatly cheapened. Besides that, it has been as-
cettained that about half the expense estimated
by that officer, would so improve these rapids as
to make the navigation free and easy. I therefore >
do not consider that the estimate made thirteen or i
fouiteen yeais ago, under the circumstances in I
which the country was then situated, is a proper :
estimate by which to judge of the expense that
would be necessary for the proposed removal of
these obstructions to navigation.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am gratified to learn that
we may hope, at a future day, to perform this
work, if the experiment which, with this $50,000,
we propose to make in the most difficult part, is
successful, at a less sum than has been estimated.
But it was the opinion of the committee, and
also of the Topographical Bureau, that $50,000
would be all that could be advantageously em-
ployed during the present fiscal year.
I hope the amendment, therefore, will not pre- i
vail. ■
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers, but they j
were not oidered. ;
The question was then taken on the amendment, \
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB offered the following amendment:
For improving lite Trnnf-M'e ri%*er, A120.000, to be ex-
pended under th<  direction of the Secretary of War, above .
and below the.Mu-cle Shoal« in the s-aid uver.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to raise a question of
order, whether an amendment, substantially the
same as the one having been once or twice pre- ;
sented to the committee, and voted down, can be ,
again offered?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not the
same. It proposes a different amount, and there-
fore the Chair thinks that it is in order.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, when I offered an
amendment to this bill of &7.".000, a few days
1 since, I offered it then, as I do this now, in good
faith. I understood, in the course of the discus-
sion upon the various amendments, and, m fact,
in relation to the very one I offered of ^75,000,
that there was particular objection to it, because
it was not large enough. 1 have understood, sir,
that there were men in this House who deter-
mined to vote against that amendment, because
the amount was not large enough. Now, when 1
offered that amendment of £75,000, I did it with a
view to make it correspond with the principle of
the bill proposed by the committee. I observed,
very clearly, from an examination of that bilJ, that
the object of the committee was to appropriate
alone to legitimate objects. They omitted some
evidently, and the second object was to curtail the
expenditure at this time as much as possible. I
thought then that this $75,000, perhaps, would
be about the proportion that that particular sec-
tion of country ought to have, compared with the
amounts that the bill proposed then to appropri-
ate. Since then I have been toIcHhat that amount
would not be worthy of consideration, and from
the action of this House, when I called for telJers,
but three solitary gentlemen rising, and when my
vote was taken, no more than five voting for it, it
was evident that I was mistaken in the amount,
and I now propose to increase it to §120,000.
Sir, when I was discussing the propriety of the
appropriation for the Tennessee river, when 1 last
addressed this House, I did so with great reluct-
ance. I do so with great reluctance now, for I
assure the House and the country that nothing is
more taxing to me—I was going to say to my
modesty—than to rise and address this House
upon any occasion. But, sir, duty is the highest
law with which I am acquainted. Duty demands
that I should make a strenuous effort, and I tell
this House and the country that it is the last effort
1 intend making for the improvement of the Ten-
nessee river. If 1 do not succeed in this, I beg to
say that whenever the substitute is proposed for
this bill, I intend to vote against it, although the
Tennessee river has therein an appropriation of
#50.000. I do this for the reason that I believe
the substitute is improper. I shall vote against it
upon the ground that I believe such a bill ought
not to pass this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. COBB. I will return to nty amendment
instantly.
I believe, sir, that the sum of $120,000 ought to
be appropriated for the purpose of improving the
Tennessee river. When I addressed the commit-
tee before, I believe I was'floundering upoin the
rock just below Chattanooga, and endeavorng to
descend, hut now I will turn from that rock, and
pass upwards. There are, as 1 understand, many
individuals who mquiie as if it had been a doubt-
ful thing heretofore—and I suppose this is more
playfully than otherwise—where is the Tennessee
river? The Tennessee river that this amendment
proposes to improve, rises in the States of Norfh
Carolina and Virginia, and proceeds through both
those States into the State of Tennessee. It then
runs through Tennessee into Alabama, in the
northeastern portion of that State, entirely through
the State of Alabama; it then proceeds into a
poition of Mississippi—or, at least, we may say
Mississippi bounds that river upon the South—
passing between the States of Tennessee and
Mississippi, then into the State of Tennessee and
into Kentucky, and empties into the great Ohio.
Mr. COBB asked for tellers; but they were not
ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb s
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McNAIR offered the following amend-
ment:
Foi the repairs of the wotk* at Marcus Hook, on the
Deiawaic rivri, below Philadelphia, ;<5,0(J0.
Mr. McN. said: Mr. Chairman, although this
is a good bill and more moderate in its appropri-
ations than some former ones, yet I do not think
it is perfect. These piers, for the repair of which
I ask a small appropriation, were not built by the
Government, but they were ceded to it by the
, State of Pennsylvania. Therefore there can be
I no ground for saying that these piers cost the Gov-
■ eminent anything originally. They are now in a
' state of dilapidation, and are almost useless on
account of their decay. The materials are rotting,
and the mud is covering them over. When these
piers were ceded to trie Government by Pennsyl-
vania. it was the understanding and the agreement
that the Government should keep them in repair
for the benefit of commerce on the Delaware river.
Therefore there is an obligation on the part ol this
Government to keep them in repair; and she does
not act in good faith towards Pennsylvania if she
; does not. The report of the Topographical En-
j gineer conclude with calling:* the "attention to the
■ ' fact not generally known that theUnited States,
