1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
his face and say, " Get away from here! you shall
not ask me to indorse that note?" [Laughter.]
Not at all. It would be an exceedingly painful ;
operation, and therefore I should make my cour- I
-tesies and hospitalities fill the more abundant, be- |
cause presently I should have to give a most un- j
welcome response to the favor which he asked of ;
me. _ j
That is the position in which wesstand in refer- j
erice to Louis Kossuth-, and the only question in I
the American House of Representatives to con- i
sider is, that they shall be careful to demean them- ;
selves as gentlemen upon this occasion, and not !
as rowdies. The question of indorsing the note '
is an after question, which we are not called upon j;
to consider now. "VVe are called upon to extend ;
the civilities and courtesies which the proprieties j
growing out of the circumstances that surround j
us demand at our hands. We are called upon to
represent and take care of the dignity and chaiac- '
ter of this great nation in this regard. Whether
in relation to what is passed we have done right ;
or wrong, is not now the question. This gentle-
man is here. How is he here, and what are the ,,
•circumstances under which he presents himself1,
here? It surprises me that any debate or adverse >!
opinions should have arisen here in relation to this \
subject. After the disastrous termination of the |
Hungarian struggle for national existence, when •,
Louis Kossuth was a prisoner in Tmkey, this
Government, responding to the just, proper, and
honorable feelings of the American people, ui all
the forms which it could employ exhibited its ■
•anxiety for his condition and fate. Much as I am j
opposed to embarking this nation in the affairs of
Hungary, I am not ready to admit that we are
called upon to be afraid to show we sympathize
upon this or the other side of questions which may ;
arise beyond our borders. Congress passed reso- ;
iutions upon this subject. Our diplomatic repre-
sentatives to European Governments were in- 1
etructed and required to use the influence which i
they might legitimately and rightfully employ to
release Kossuth from imprisonment. ^ ship was :
sent across the Atlantic ocean, and its commander i
was instructed to receive and bring him home to '
our shores, if he chose to come. Kossuth ac- j
-oepted the offer, and he is here, regarding himself i
as the guest of the nation. It is enough that the 1
world so understands and regards at, whether we !
shall so regard it or not.
Now, the question is, what does propriety re- j
quire at our hands> Tliough perchance since his
arrival upon our shores, as an humble petitioner
he may ask that which we cannot grant, yet pro-
priety requires at our hands that we should receive
him with all the civilities due to the occasion and
the circumstances which surround him and us.
But gentlemen are afraid fhat he will make a
speech—that he will overturn the long-established
policy of the nation. They seem to be afraid that
the American people in their admiration for Kos-
suth will forget Washington, i have 110 such
fear. Let him speak as much as he pleases. Let
him go into every Congressional district in the
United States of America, ;u)d speak as often as
he desires. His speeches will be harmless. I
expect, if occasion should make it necessary, to
resist, with as much firmness as any other man,
the line of policy which he would induce us to
take. Let him speak. Why, sir, I am so much
of a Democrat—a real gemdne Democrat—that I
am willing to submit every and all questions which
have arisen, or can possibly arise, involving the
interests and honor of this Republic, to the arbitra-
ment of the American people. If the people are
not competent to solve safely for the Republic all
questions that can be submitted to them, why,
then our Government is founded upon a false idea,
and it is needless for us to struggle against the
rum that is inevitable. If Kossuth can overturn
this Republic, 01* unsettle the long-established and
firm convictions of this people, and make them
disregard the admonitions of Washington, so as
to make them abandon the policy that has made
them what they are, and which, if persevered m,
is destined to make them infinitely more power-
ful than language can tell, or imagination con-
ceive if any foreigner from another clime can do
all that, if our only safety is in not giving him a
chance to sneak, [laughter,] why, then this lega-
cy which we have inherited from our fatheis is
not worth struggling or fighting for at all. In re-
spect to the safety of this Government, and the
stability of its policy, I consider Louis Kossuth
as a very harmleas individual. If I am wrong m
that, I am wrong in believing the theory upon
which this Government is founded. If this peo-
ple can be made to forget the high destiny to
which they are called, and the great responsibility
which rests upon them—if they can be made to
forget Washington for Louis Kossuth, why then
our institutions are not worth a struggle, and the
whole experiment which our fathers have under-
taken, and which we are seeking to perpetuate, is
a fallacy and is of no value, I do not believe a word
of it. A rabble of fools and demagogues, in this or
that locality, may shout at his heels, and profess
themselves in favor of plunging this Government
into any line of policy which he may request. Suoh ; j
characters as these are merely seeking to appropri- |j
ate to themselves some small portion of the glory
and eclat that surround the name of Kossuth; and
after all it will presently be seen that they cannot
really effect anything, either to save or destroy the
Republic, Let them shout—let them huzza—it is
all harmless. "Who is afraid? [Laughter.] You
need have no fear for the Republic in this regard.
The intelligence and patriotism of the American
people will take care of all these questions. The
only thing we have to look to, is to take care, of our
dignity, and not permit the thing to be overdone. I
have the most profound confidence in the capacity
of my friend from Ohio (Mr. Carttkr] [laughter]
to form a just conception of what the proprieties !
of the occasion demand; and if this resolution |[
shall be adopted, the Spkakkr will doubtless asso- i |
ciate other sensible gentlemen with him, and such
a committee will no doubt execute in good taste j:
what a just conception of the circumstances of the
case demands. Let Louis Kossuth be invited into ,
this Hall, and let him take a seat within the bar j
of the House of Representatives, and let that be j
the end of it here. Let him speak elsewhere as ;
much as he wants to, and I will give five or ten |
dollars to hear him. I have already subscribed i
a paper to give him a dinner. Let him speak, but I
he cannotun-Amcricanize me, or this Congiess, or |
this nation. If I am wrong m that, 1 want to be
undeceived. I desire to see the experiment tried.
[Laughter.] Gifted though he be, eminently
gifted, let us not be afraid of his genius. Is there
no genius m America—are there none to plead as
! eloquently and as ably as he can do, for the United j
i Slates, and the duties of this Government, in view
; of the present and coming generations, as well as
i those that are past* Do not be scared about it.
[Laughter.] Ifgentlemcn have any surplus cash—
if you are disposed to be liberal, hand it over.
[Laughter.] We are rich and prosperous, and
can stand a little of that sort of individual and vol-
untary depletion. Gentlemen are afraid of Kos-
suth, lest he should make us forgetful of our duties
as American legislators, into whose hands has \
been committed this great legacy of freedom, which j
we hold in trust for all mankind—not for this gen- I
eration alone, but all coming generations. Let
them dismiss their fears.
When it shall become necessary, we will tell
Mr. Kossuth—and I desire to call him Mr. Kos-
suth distinctly, and for a reason, because if is the
policy of this Government to recognize existing
governments—governments dcfacto—and I conform
to this established policy—we will tell Mr. Kos-
suth, that inasmuch as it was our example which
animated him and his Hungarians to the great
and glorious efforts which they made, and which,
though unsuccessful now, we hope will be more
successful in the future, we will keep that light of
our example burning and shining upon thepath-
:| way of the nations, to guide them onwards like '
•j that cloud by day and pillar of fire by ni^ht which
'! guided the Israelites from Egyptian bondage to the
J promised land. We will keep it burning upon
! their pathway, to guide them from the darkness of
5 tyranny and despotism to the sunlight of liberty.
But we will not imperil the good we have our-
| selves, and which we hold in trust for all humanity,
| by plunging into adventures as he invites us to.
When the proper time comes for us to tell him
'■ this, we must tell it to him. But being here under
! all the circumstances in which he is here, we are
,j called upon to behave towards him as gentlemen.
; The Senate has passed a resolution, I believe,
I precisely similar to that which thegentlemnn from
!l Ohio has offered. Now, is it in good taste, for the
as this—a mere question of courtesy, involving
nothing beyond that? Let gentlemen do what is
demanded of them as gentlemen, and as Repre-
sentatives of the dignity and character of the na-
tion, quietly, decently, and in order. The only
danger is of its being overdone. There Qught to
have been no debate about the matter at all.
There ought to have been an understanding among
us as to what was the proper resolution to be of-
fered, and it ought not lo have been debated, but
should have passed without any argumentation
whatever.
Mr. Chairman,^ou must realize the fact—every
gentleman here must realize the' fact that if you
were to go to the house of any gentleman where
you understood you had an invitation, or, at least,
an implied permission to go, and when you got to
the door you found one half the family declaring
that yon should not come in, and the other half in-
sisting thai; you should come in—a sort ofintestine
war in the household as to whether you should be
received and treated with courtesy or not—though
you misfit get in by and by, you would not enjoy
yourself much. [Laughter.] You would wish to
be away again.
Now T think that we ought quietly to pass this
resolution, without further debate, and leave it to
the discretion and good taste of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr: Ca'ktter,] and of the other gen- «
tlfimen that the good sense of the Speaker will
associate with htm, to do this little mere matter of
manners 111 that way which the proprieties of the
occasion demand. "VVe disgrace ourselves by talk-
ing on the Mibjert.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] has
been quite as unfortunate in the analogy that he
has submitted to the House as he has been in his
argument. He has compared Kossuth to a poor
man who comes to your door with a note of
<50,000, which yon know he cannot pay; but he
asks, " Will you, therefore, refuse to admit him ?"
And he asks, Would it be civil to turn the door
upon him? Su , that is not the case _ Cut 1 will
give him one. Suppose that a man m the condi- *
tion he represents, going through the gentleman's
own town endeavoring to raise money, should re-
ceive a note 011 the street by a messenger from the
gentleman, inviting him into the gentleman's
house—into his parlor—and after he gets in, the
gentleman should say, I cannot indorse your note:
would it be civil to send for the man barely to tell
, him that vou would not aid him in the matter? I
! ask thege'ntleman who has been lectming vs to-day
about good taste, and manners, and courtesy, if
1 he does not tlunk that it would bo rude to send
j out on the highway and as}i a man into his house
I to treat him 111 such a manner? Would it not
' be much more courteous at least to vait until he
should come and knock? Mr. Kossuth, we all
know, wants money, ox material aid." It is
true lie has not yet knocked at our door—but we
all know it—and the gentleman say* that he does
not intend to grant it; He has said so here to-
day. Why, then, do you ask him here' why in-
vite him into your house, unless it he to tell him
that he cannot get the '• aid" he desires? If, Mr.
Chairman, Louis Kossuth was here as the repre-
sentative of the principle to which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] referred, I might
extend this courtcsy to him. I>ut I do not look
upon Louis Kossuth on the continent of Amer-
ica as Louis Kossuth in Hungary. He 11 no
longer the representative of the principle of con-
stitutional liberty that was overthrown m bis na-
tive land. The'only principle that he is now the
representative of is the principle of intervention to
prevent intervention. That is the principle which
he is now urging—the object of his mission is to
carry out this principle. Does he advocate any
other wherever he goes? Did he not malfe the
issue distinctly m New York ? '• I do not want to
be feasted," said he. He does not ask your cour-
tesy or your compliments. lie wants nothing
short of armed intervention, if need be. He
wants you to change the settled policy of your
Government—and he wants no mistake aboutit. I
adtniie liis candor. Pie said he wished not to steal
! into our feelings " by any easy, slippery evasion.
He is here, I 'say, as the open, avowed represent-
i ative of this great principle, and there can be 110
n gooa taste, lor tue p mistake about it. If, then, we take him by the
two branches of the legislative departments of the ti hand, and extend to him the 0
Government to be at issue upon such a question !] floor, do we not do it in approbate of the cause
