1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
' in accepting the cession from the States of Dela-
' ware and Pennsylvania of the harbors on the
• -Delaware, being those of Port Penn, Newcastle,
* Marcus Hook, and Chester, guarantied to keep
'them in repair."
The citizens of the town of Marcus Hook, in
their memorial to Congress, ask j>2t),OUO; but in j
tbi3 amendment 1 only ask for tbein the small j
sum of $3,000, in order that, being so reasonable, <
I might get what I ask. 1 hope it will be borne |
in mind by this House that these piers are situ-
ated on the west sideof the river Delaware, which
is at that place about three miles in width, and
that all the vessels sailing to and from the great i
city of Philadelphia, containing four hundred and j
nine thousand inhabitants, sail by these piers.
Now, it may seem to some persons in this House ,
that the repair of these piers is not of much lm- !
portance to commerce; but we must take into '
consideration that these piers are the cause of a 1
little harbor being formed below them for vessels i
of large size, and that tbnt harbor m times of
storm, and most especially when the river is full |
of ice, is a matter of very great importance, j
Many times in the winter vessels of large size find I
protection there from theice. 1
I cannot agree with some gentlemen of this
House, who think that the West and North get
too little appropriation in proportion to the East. 1
There are in the bill $86,OOOfor the Delaware river '
below Philadelphia,and noneabove on tide-water,
a distance of forty miles. Now, Philadelphia is ;
a large city, and her commerce extends to every 1
commercial country in the world, and Pennsylva-
nia is a large State, asking for appropriations for
none of her rivers except the Delaware, and we
think, in proportion to other parts of the United
States, the amount is small. From thecalcaltttion
that 1 have made, I find that the Ailantic States
obtain,according to the present bill, $377,000; the
Southwest and West <.535,000; and ihe North on
the lakes $503,000. This seems to be a pretty
good division in thedifferem sections of the Union.
There is one thing said about the East which i
think is unjust, and that is, that the Atlantic States
have received a very large amount from the Gov-
ernment for their rivers and harbors many years
ago, and therefore they should noi receive so mucli
now. It should be remembered that the old Stales
paid for all these things themselves long before the
new Stales came into the Union, and they have
now equal right to appropriations with the new
ones.
The fjirestioir was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. McNAm,and it was not. «gri*ed to
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. It seems to me that !
there have been votes enough taken to satisfy this
committee that no amendment ia intended to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. STANTON, ^es, sir; t move to strike
out the first section of the bill, from the third to
the seventh line. i
The CHAIRMAN. We have passed that part I
of the bill, and therefore no amendment to it is in '
order. We are now at the eighth line. !
Mr. STANTON. Then i move to strike out i
the words, <e For the continuation of the Delaware 1
breakwater, 130,000." \
Mr. Chairman, I suppose that there have been I
votes enough taken to satisfy tins committee that |
no amendment is to be made to the bill by way of '
addition. I now propose to see whether this com- i
mittee will make any amendment by way of sub- 1
traction. i
The Committee on Commerce appropriate for j
the Atlantic coast a large part of the $1,500,000, |
and the great Mississippi valley, embracing: one \
half of the population and more than one half of
the commerce of the country, irets milv one sixth
of the appropriations. The Mississippi nnd its
tributaries have an appropriation of #<260,000, out
of $1,500,000, which is only one sixth of the ag-
gregate amount. Everyone knows that the ap-
propriations for the eastern section and for the
Atlantic slope are for the improvement of tide-
water rivers, where there are no obstructions to
navigation. Here is an appropriation of $50,000
to the Hudson, a stream without obstructions, [
and where there never has been a solitary vessel !
lost by obstructions to the navigation; whilst upon
the Ohio, to which we have not appropriated a
aouar for fourteen years, four hundred and fifty
| lives have been lost within a year. Now, I aak
the Representatives of the Mississippi valley, if
! they intend that the&e appropriations shall all go
| eastward and to the Atlantic coast, and if the one
■ half of the population of the countty which they
! represent, is to be content with one sixth of the
| appropriations contained in these river and har-
i bor bills? I myself am prepared to strike at the
enacting clause of the bill, and to take the respon-
sibility belore tne country of defeating the whole
bill, unless there is to be something like equality,
it does so happen, strangely enough, that the ma-
jority of the committee which reported this bill
are Jrom the Atlantic slope.
Mr. GLEY&LAND. Are these remarks in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. They are not. The gen-
tleman must confine his remarks stuctly to his
amendment, and show why this appropnation
should he stricken out of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Then I have nothing more
to say.
Mi. RIDDLE. As the gentleman from Ohio
has given no reasons why his amendment to strike
out the appropriation for ihe Dehuvaie break vvuter
should prevail, it may, perhaps, be unnecessary
i for me to detain the committee with a word upon
! the necessity of that appropriation.
| Mr. Chairman, i presume theie is no member
j of this House who, knowing the advantages of
i this breakwater to the commerce of our country,
I the condition of the work, and that it has been
| constructed by Congress at an expense of hun-
| dreds of thousands ol dollars, perhaps millions,as
I suggested by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
i Marshall,] vh>uUI now be willing to strike out
• an appropriation which will enable us to complete
■ and preserve it. Tins, sir, ia not a State matter.
, It is not, because it bears the name of the Dela-
ware breakwater, a State improvement. it is es-
1 sentmily a national work, and one in which the
i citizen* of New Orleans, or any commercial city
! of the United States, have more interest than the
, citizens of Delaware. 1 have known nearly two
• hundred vessels, from eveiy section of the United
j States, and from almost every portion of the vvoild,
| to be at one time ruling in safety in this break-
j water-, whereas, if it had not been there, perhaps
j one fifth of these'vessels would have been lost,
| and the livey on board destroyed. Sir, when i say
j it is the interest of the Government to complete
| this woik, 1 speak of what i am well convinced,
j My attention was directed to the subject some time
i since. My observation has taught me that the
amount reported by the committee will not only
enable the Government to replace the stones which
have been washed away, but lay upon them a cap-
ping, or heavy course, which will resist the storms,
and ice, and preserve the substructure from the
effects of the lashing waves. Yet the gentleman
from Ohio rises from his seat, and, with coolness
and deliberation, moves to strike out this appro-
priation, small as it is, which is calculated, not
oni v to preserve the work which has been done,
but to complete it, and protect, to a great degree,
the commerce of the country and the world.
Sir, vessels from ail parts of the Union are com-
pelled, at times, to seek this breakwater for safety.
The rice and cotton of the South; the products of
the Middle States, and the manufactures of the
North, as well as the most valuable cargoes of
foreign goods, frequently float there, side by side,
and, during the raging of the storm, defy the
winds and the waves. This protection to our
commerce has been afforded by an American Con-
gress, but not quite to the extent it deserves. If
the work be not speedily completed, that which
has already been constructed must inevitably be
destroyed, and Congress will, at an eaily day,
have to appropriate four times the amount now
asked for. i therefore trust that the proposition
of the gentleman will be voted down.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers; but they
were not ordered.
And the question being taken upon the amend-
ment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. TUCK. I desire to offer an amendment
to that clause.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. After a motion to strike out
the clause, no amendment to it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
does not preclude a motion to amend, according
to our rules.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have always understood
that after the vote was taken on a motion to strike
out a clause, it could no longer be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the parliamentary
law, but an exception is made by our rules. The
5Sd rule is as follows;
" A motion to strike out and ?  serf slmfl be deemed indi-
visible j but a motion to btnhe out being lost, shall pre-
elude neither amendment nor a motion to strike out and in-
sert."
Mr. TUCK offered the following amendments
For the improvement ot the navigation of ilie Illinois
river $44,000."
Mr. T. said: Mr, Chairman, as an eastern man*
when 1 had taken a survey of the appropriations
contained in this bill, 1 confess I was surprised
that the Illinois river had not received any atten-
tion from the committee. I believe n to be an
! oversight on the part of the committee, and if they
had received and had had before them the inform-
ation which has been laid before this committee,
they must have been unanimous m favor of some
appropriation for the Illinois river.
1 proposed this amendment, being fully aware
that the committee have several times voted down
propositions to improve this river; but i believe
that a more full consideration of, and a more care-
ful inquiry into, the importance of this river will
lead to a different result. It has some two hun-
dred and fifty miles of navigable waters, making
it one of the most important rivers in the West.
Having traveled several time over that river, I
have been astonished at the amount of business?
done upon it—at the magnitude of its commerce
compaied wtih that of the Ohio and Mississippi
livers, i ask the committee to remember this
fact. There are more arrivals of steamboats at
St. Louis from the Illinois than from any other
w estern river.
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question? What particular points
upon the Illinois river need improvements?
Mr. TUCK. There are twenty-eight bars be-
tween La Salle and the mouth of the Illinois, which
are impediments to the navigation of this river.
By the removal of some four of these bars, at a
cost of some $50,000, the capacity of the river
will be increased, as shown by surveys, so that it
will exceed that of the Ohio river.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
question of order. The point I wish to make is
this: That the mere change of the sum for the
accomplishment of the same object is not such a
change as to allow the amendment to be offered
again after having been once rejected. After ft
has been once rejected by the committee, the rule
excludes it from being offered again.
Mr. TUCK. That point has been overruled
within half an hour.
Mr. JOHNSON. If we are to understand thafc
any change of sum, from one cent to half a mil-
lion of dollars, will permit the same amendment to
be offered over again we shall never get through
with this hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair- will state that
according to the practice of the committee such
amendments have been allowed, and he does not
feel authorized to change that practice. He over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON", f then take an appeal, and 1
hope the committee will decide that amendments
can be offered once and no more.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas raises the point of order, that an amend-
ment, having been once offered for the improve-
ment of the Illinois river, and voted down, that it
is not in order to offer another amendment appro-
priating a different sum for the same purpose.
The Chair overrules the point of order. Prom
that decision the gentleman from Arkansas ap-
peals, and the question now is, 44 Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ?"
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage by that body of the fol-
lowing bills:
Joint resolution for the relief of George R. C„
Floyd, late Secretary of Wisconsin Teiritory, and
sureties; and
An act to protect actual settters upon the land
upon the line of the Central Railroad and branches,
by £ranfin£ preemption rights thereto.]
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers upon the ap-
peal; but they were not ordered.
