1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
of the world, as much for his goodness as his un-
questioned greatness. You will not think there is
danger of his being swayed by free-soilism, or
abolitionism, or anything of that sort, proceeding
from the North or the South, the East or the
West, or any quarter less than his country, his
whole country. It is an insult to suppose such a
thing of a man who was born in a Southern State,
brought up in the midst of Southern institutions,
who was educated for one of the learned profes-
sions; who has been, all his life, a law-abiding
man; who lias been, for the last twenty-odd years,
the mark for the hostility of every Administra-
tion. They fearedhim, and they hated him. He
has been placed in the most difficult situations;
and in the closing scene of the last war, when he
was about to be brought home to his own coun-
try almost in chains, the indignant refusal of his
American heart to accept propositions made to
him in Mexico, is worth more than all the specu-
lations as to free-soilism, and abolitionism, Kane
letterism, and all the rest of such things. I do not
include in this the Nicholson letter, for I under-
stood that perfectly. I do not think there was any
mystery about it. I reviewed it four years ago,
and I then put the proper interpretation on it. It
was honorable to the gentleman who wrote it; and
his whole life, especially that portion of it which
has come under my observation, has been devoted
to what he considers to be the true principles of
Government.
The remarks which 1 have made upon this oc-
casion, by the forbearance of the Senate, for which
5 return my sincere thanks, are made most disin-
terestedly. I make them honestly to my constit-
uents. Though they may grate harshly upon their
ears, and may produce temporary anger, yet it has
been my fortune to have differed with them be-
fore; and, after their long-continued kindness to
me, I feel a perfect confidence that they will not
imagine that I would abandon any of their es-
sential interests, or would see them abandoned
without a struggle. I feel it due to them now to
call their attention to the fact, that upon a false
principle, to some extent, they are giving all their
sympathies and all their affections in one direc-
tion, where they can be no better sustained nor
justified than if they were given in the direction
in which I give mine. I stand ready to compare
the record, and I will make out as clean a bill of
political health for my first choice as can be made
out for either of the other gentlemen named by the
Whig party. When I superadd to this the fact
that we have an Eclipse that can outrun time itself,
and that will pass over Young America, and old
fogyism as he would split the currents of air
that meet him, I feel braced and confirmed in my
judgment that the selection I have made is wise,
judicious, patriotic, and, in the event of success,
"will redound to the interest, the happiness, and
the glory of the country.
I feel that I have trespassed most unreasonably
upon the indulgence of the Senate; but before 1
take my seat, 1 wish to remark that the present
Secretary of State won much upon my affections.
I should*at one time have felt willing to vote for
him with a great deal of pleasure. 1 think that his
position, and what he did, entitled him to the re-
spect, and, in some sense, to the gratitude of the
country, though I have yet to learn that a man
deserves very much for the simple performance of
his duty, particularly when such great stakes are
to be played for as the preservation of the Union.
In the course of my public life, 1 have found that
3 have more frequently been put in a false position
by a certain ardor, warmth, and susceptibility of
temperament, than by the opposite and, perhaps,
less amiable weaknesses. I must say that cei tain
events supervening have modified, if they have not
entirely changed, the current of my feelings in that
direction, not uncorroborated by the suggestions
of my judgment. I stand first as in favor of one
without competition, difficulty, or doubt. So I
wish to be understood. "Vet, as a party man, 1
shall be prepared to yield to the decision of those
to whom is usually intrusted the selection of a
candidate for the Whig party, unless I shall think
that there is something unfair about it. In that
case, I shall feel and recognize no binding obliga-
tion upon myself. That, however, is of no mo-
ment to any one, or to any thins', of to any result.
I have been among our friends of the Kast and
the North, and I have studied them as carefully;
as I was able to do during a two or three months
visit. They have more elements of greatness in
the highest state of excitation and activity, than
perhaps any portion of the world of equal popula-
tion. While they.eviscerate many truths—much
philosophy, they also turn up a great deal that
is worthless and useless, and even pernicious.
While it is a land of intelligence and vigor, of
energy, of power, it is also a land of all sorts of
isms, which, among our more sluggish, and per-
haps less mercurial, or it may be less conceited pop-
ulation of the South, are hardly ever known to
exist. Well, I have seen on the list of isms what
I regard as the most respectable of any that has
appeared in modern ye'ars, and that is anti-liquor-
ism. It is one of a character that must command
the approbation of every reflective man who has
lived half as long as I have. It is an endeavor to
cure a national evil. Whoever shall discover the
means of doing it may be regarded as a great pub-
lic benefactor. Looking upon it in that sense, it
may be regarded as in some spirit national, as we
have all seen, with more or less regret, from the
highest positions ill the Republic to the lowest.
If they can suggest, either by legislation or other-
wise, or by moral suasion, and find a remedy for
it, they must be regarded as great public benefac-
tors, and as eminently conservative, (as I believe
the Whig doctrines generally are,) and promotive
of life and domestic happiness. I wish them God
speed; but I wish they would keep that question
out of the range of partisan politics; for our recent
disasters, proceeding from that cause, are not
quite agreeable to my feelings. I think that so
pure and so unselfish a movement as that must be
supposed to be, ought not to be connected with
partisan politics. Nothing can be imagined so
pure, which, when it is brought into the arena of
party politics, does not become soiled by the con-
tact, and draggled in the mire and filth. Let these
things stand upon their own footing. I hope we
shall have no more national catastrophes. They
are godsends to the gentlemen who fix their eyes
upon the Presidency—a sort of windfall, from
which they may carve quite capital enough to
make a President. A nd that has reminded me of
an amusing book I have recently read, where, in
South Africa, the successful hunter shall strew the
giound with the dead carcases of his game, and
! where vultures and the savage natives flock by hun-
I dredsand tens of hundreds, and gorge, and gorge,
j and gorge themselves until they and all about them
| are monuments of disgusting rottenness. They are
j essentially jacobinical, and are the best represent-
| atives of communism, of jacobinism, of modern
j notions of liberty and equality, and of equal rights
born with mankind. They are to my mind a per-
! feet type of some of those who advocate the jac-
; obinical doctrines of liberty, equality, and com-
j munism, as samples of European republicanism.
Sir, I beg pardon for this wandering digression. I
; did not"imagine that I was going to occupy the
i Senate half the time which I have occupied it; but
| I hope that in future I shall not be misunderstood.
I This is interesting to nobody but myself and my
j constituents. Upon this question I shall be as free
as they are. Though humble in retirement at
home, as I am here, 1 shall exercise my suffrage,
i I trust, as free as anybody; and when I leave this
seat and go into retirement, I shall be ready to cry
"All hail!" to my successor, and all promoters of
rational liberty and well-regulated order, and I fer-
vently hope that he may be vastly more successful
than 1 have been in serving all the public interests.
That, while he will be more active, may be also
vastly more able. I fervently pray for this for the
' honor of my native State, to the undymg love and
deep sense of gratitude wmch I cherish foi her,
I which can cease only with the last gleams of mem-
ory and the last throbbings of my heart,
i Mr. GWIN. The Senator from North Caro-
' lina has stated that General Scott can present as
1 clean a bill of health as any member of the Whig
I party whose name has been used in connection
, with the office of President of the United States.
! Now, I wish to know whether the honorable Sen-
: ator speaks by authority, when he says that Gen-
: eral Scott occupies the same position with regard
! to the fugitive slave bill as the President of the
' United States does? That is to say, I wish to
know whether the honorable Senator speaks by
authority in making this announcement? whether
! he wants the country to come to the conclusion
! that General Scott ts m favor of the fugitive s.ave
; ldw as it is, and as it passed through Congress r
and, if elected President of the United States, will
execute the law as it is, and oppose any modifica-
tion or amendment whatsoever ?
Mr. MANGUM. I will reply to the gentle-
man. It is not my habit to bask in the smiles, or
to be cooled in the shade, of great men.
I have had no conversation with General Scott
on political matters since December of the year
before last, nor on this subject, except in the gal-
leries and lobbies of the Senate Chamber, or other
portions of the Capitol, during the pendency of the
'■ omnibus" bill. I speak what I know—1 speak
of his wishes, purposes, and desires at that time,
and I say he can present as clean a bill of political
health as any gentleman who is named for the
Presidency,either on the Whigor Democraticside.
This is satisfactory to me, and the experience of
" the Kane letter" should satisfy the Whig party.
We need no such letter from General Scott.
That was a time that tried men; when public
opinion was in dubio; when it was shaking ill
stays. It required a little robustness of principle
to step forward and take hold of questions of that
kind, before there had been any indications of pub-
lic opinion in coincidence with theirs. The hou-
orable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] did so,
and so did General Scott, with equal zeal, and
equal ardor, and equal fearlessness of responsibil-
ity—that bugbear, that evil genius of trimming and
cunning politicians.
As to the provisions of the fugitive slave bill,
can the Senator from California name to me a
single person, who voted for what is now usually
termed " the compromise measures," who is satis-
fied with all the details of all the bills embraced in
those measures ? If he will show me such an one,
he will show me what I have not yet seen or even
heard of. I was not satisfied with many of those
measures myself; but I took them because I saw
it was a platform on which all honorable men
could stand, and because it did notgive a triumph
to one section over the other. I did not desire
that it should. General Scott did not desire it, for
I think he is as purely national as any one who
voted on that question.
Mr. GWIN. The answer is. just what I ex-
pected it would be, that the Senator is not author-
ized to say that General Scott was in favor of the
bill as it is, and, if elected President, will main-
tain it unimpaired, as the present President of the
, United States has done. 1 have as high a respect
for the personal and military character of General
Scott as any member of this body; but this is a very
; important question; and this is a very important era
| in the history of the country. I believe no gen-
I tleman in the Senate can get up and say that Gen-
' eral Scott is in favor of the fugitive slave law, and
will execute it as the present President of the
United States has; and I undertake to say that,
when the Senator from North Carolina asserts
that General Scott can present as clean a bill of
I health, in regard to the compromise measures, in-
cluding the fugitive slave law, as Mr. Fillmore or
I or any other Whig candidate for the Presidency,
i he cannot say that he (General Scott) is pledged
| to execute the law as it has been executed, and
'that he would oppose any alteration of that law,
: if elected President.
| Mr. MANGUM. Sir, I have no difficulty in
' answering the question; or, at ail events, in giving
i my opinion as to that. I have not gone to ask
| General Scott the question, nor have I exchanged
| a word with him touching the Presidency, since
| last December was a year. I act upon my own
! knowledge and responsibility. You can make no
i President who will not endeavor to have every
: law executed, as long as it is a law, and as far as
! his power will go, unless he be a perjured,
reckless, unprincipled man. I believe, sir, that
! General Scott, if elected President of the United
j States, would have all laws executed, according
| to the best of his abilitj —every one. He would
■ be sworn to do it; and we must form a very low-
estimate of his morals or character, if we suppose
otherwise.
Now, sir, I should like to know from the Sen-
ator from California, who feels so deep an interest
in the opinion of General Scott on this subject,
i whether, supposing 1 got his authority to state
here, that he would sustain these measures pre-
| cisely as they exist, he may hope to get the vote
, uf tliat Senator? .
; Mr. GWIN. I will answer the Senator irom
li North Carolina.
