168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 31,
our fathers ? Again I a k, whither are we tend-
ing, and to what point are we to be driven t
Mr. OE.R. I move that the committee do now
rise.
Cries of " Oh no V* " Oh no
The question was taken, and-55 rose ki the af-
firmative.
Mr.CARTTER demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. BruGGsand Wildrick ap-^
pointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers"re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 60.
So the motion prevailed.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er, having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and had
come to no conclusion thereon. [Laughter.]
Mr. FICKL1N. I rise to a question of order.
1 make this point. It is the duty of the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to rcpoit the facts as they existed in
.the committee. Now, a resolution was introduced
and debated m that committee, and various amend-
ments were proposed; and I submit with all due
deference to the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Jones,] that he should have reported the intro-
duction of that resolution to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I concur fully
with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin]
in the position he has assumed, that the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole should report the
state of the facts as they occurred to the House.
But I tell you and the House that I have reported
the facts. I say that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union always have the state of
the Union generally under consideration; and
further, that the chairman of that committee never
makes a report of anything unless something is
done. "When you, Mr. Speaker, called him" to
the chair this morning, the first business in order
on the calendar was the message of the President
. of the United States, which had been referred to
that committee, and a resolution had been intro-
duced in relation to it by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] If that resolution had
been adopted, your chairman would have reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Unitfh had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, and had
come to no conclusion thereon. He would have
said nothing about the resolution which had been
adopted, or any resolution which had been intro-
duced. He would have made no reference to
anything which had not been referred to it by the
House. I take it that the chairman of the com-
mittee can make no other report without the spe-
cial instruction of that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fjcklin] that he
sees no good reason for impugning1 the motives of
the chaiiman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. He thinks the report
made to the House was a correct one.
Mr. FiCKLIN. I do not want to embarrass
the Chair, nor do I desire to make any reflection
upon the honorable chairman of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. But I make
the suggestion, that when the House go into the
Committee of the. Whole upon the state of the
Union, they go there for tiie consideration of a
particular bill, and I think the chairman should
make his report in relation to that bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is nothing now be-
fore the House, I move the usual resolution stop-
ping debate on the Kossuth resolution in half an
hour after the House shall have again resolved it-
«elt into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and upon that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday next
Cries of 4< No ! no !"
The question was then put, and the motion was
not agreed to—ayes 53; noes not counted.
Mr. Ollll moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and the question
being taken, there were—yeas 90; nays 57, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrf;.Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, John Ap-
pT£ton, William Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Thomas H.
Bayly, Barrere, Bocock. Bowne, Brenton, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, Burrows, £. Csarrngton Cabell, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Churehwell, Clark, Cobh, Cullora,
George T. Davis, D'ssney, Dockery, Danham. EMmwhrlson,
Ewing, Ficklin, Fitch, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gentry, Oilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hall,
Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haven,
Hebard, Hendricks, Hillyer, Howard, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, George
G. Kine, Landry, Letcher, Loekhart, Humphrey Mar
shall, Martin, Ma«on, McDonald, MeMulHn, Meacham,
Miller, Millson, Miner, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy,
Olds, On, Porter, Powell, Richardson, Sava-re, Schermer-
horn, Scnddcr, Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephen?,Taylor,
Wallace, Watkins, Addison White, Williams, and Yates
—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Bartfett, John H. Boyd,
Brisss, Buell, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Cbapmnn, Cleveland,
Chnqman, Conger, John G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Purkee,
Ed£?erton„ Florence. Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Giddir.frs,
Green, Grow. Hascall, ITorsford, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, Preston King, Maim, Molony, Newton, Peaslcc,
Ponmman, Perkins, Ilohie, Robinson, Snckctt, SehooTi-
makcr, Davi'I L. Seymour, fkelton, Smart, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Straffon, Stuart, Sutherland,
Swectser, Gcoige W. Thompson, Thuiston, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbiidge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, and
Wildrick—57.
So the motion prevailed, and the House ad-
joured.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN,' of Mississippi: The remonstrance of
Ellis Ilendeison and 49 other citizens of Mississippi, against
anv extension of tlie Giant of the public lands to the Ohio
and Mobile Railroad Company which shall conflict with
the interest''of settlers, &e., &c.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of Cincinnati, asking for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital in that city.
Al-o, the memorial of the administrator of J. p. Wallace,
deceased, in relation to Mexican indemnities.
By Mr. BRfGGS: The memorial of 70 merchants and
others of the city of New York, to refund the duty on mer-
chandise destroved by fire in the year 1S4.">.
Abo, for the same, memorial of the Common Council of
the city of New York.
Abo, for the name, isolation of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the cifv of New York.
Bv Mr. WALBRIDG7C. The petition of Mo«es Barker
and ">1 otliei citizens of Danbv, in the county of'j'ompkins,
New York, for a mail route from Ithaca, in the county of
Tompkins, to Spencer, in the county of Tioga, through
Wot D.'inhy.
ANo, the petition of Homer Muck and 121 other citizens
of Tthaea, for same mail route.
Also, the petition of N. T. Gary and 43 other citizens of
Spencer, for same mail route.
Also, the pclition of Taror.a Smith, for relief.
By Mi. TAYLOR : The memorial of Charles D. Arfer-
edson, a«king remuneration for his services as Charge
d'Afifaires ad inteum at the Court of Stockholm.
By Mr. MEACHAM : The petition of O. A. Burton,
President of Chainplain Transportation Company, and
otheis, for a liglit-lionse on Lake Ohamplain.
By Mi. TAYLOR: The petition of Adomjah Crane and
9(1 other®, citizens of Scioto and Adams counties, Ohio,
proving Congress to establish a post route from LucasvilJe,
m Scioto omintv, to Locust Grove, in Adams county, Ohio.
Bv Mr. WEFGflTMAN: The memorial of the Council
nnd IIoti°e of Representatives of the Teiritory of New Mex-
ico, praying the enactment of a law providing for geologi-
cal and mineralotfical surveys of sairl Tenitoty.
ANo, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, asking- for said Ten itorv a grant
of £.10,000 to enable it to open a wagon road fiom Santa Fe
to the valley of Tans.
Also, the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, playing the relinquishment to
said Territory of all the right, title, and interest the United
States may have to certain lots and houses in the city of
Santa F6.
By Mr. BISSELL: The memorial of J. L. Collins, pray-
ing that the benefits of the bounty land law of September
28. 1850; mnv be. extended to the volunteers iai*ed in New
Mexico, in 1819, by Colonel Washington.
By Mr. SClfDDBK: The petition of Willis Hawes and
others, citizens of Massachusetts, for a survey and appro-
pnation for a breakwater at Dennis, in Baj notable bav.
Also, from the files of the House, the petition of Job
Cha^e and others, for the location of a light-boat on Kell-
pond bar m the Vine^-ard Sound.
Also, from the files of the House, the petition of Andrew
Harwood, of Bri.-tol county, Massachusetts, for a pension
on account of wounds received and services performed in
the Mexican war.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
• Wednesday, December 31, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RECEPTION O'F LOUIS KOSSUTH.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order
upon the proposition offered yesterday by my col-
league, [Mr. Clingmaw,] to stop debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in half an hour after we shall again go into such
committee. I beg leave to call the attention of the
Chair and the House to the 136th role. -That ruler
provides that whenever any bills are referred to
the Committee of the Whole by the House, the
House may, according to that rule, discharge the
committee from the farther consideration of them
after acting without debate on all .amendments
pending, and that may be offered. The rale con-
templates only bills referred to the committee 'on
the part of the House. Thia resolution relaies to
no bills, nor to any action upon a bilj referred to
the committee by the House. And I "submit that
if Mr.-Kossuth comes in this House at all, he
should not come here by force of any gag resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. ^ The gentleman will remem-
ber that the resolution before the House is not
debatable; and further, that no question of order
arising out of that proposition can be debated. _
Mr. STANLY. I only rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I wish to state my point of order so
that the Chair may understand it.
The SPEAKER. 1 did not intend to interrupt
the gentleman -in stating his point of order. I
desire to give him every reasonable facility for
doing so.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to have my point of
order understood; and if I succeed in doing so, I
i will acquiesce in the decision of the Chair.
i The SPEAKER. The rale to which the gen-
! tleman refers, does not in terms specify resolu-
! Hons. But it has been the uniform practice under
i that rule to consider in Committee of the Whole,
j not only bills, but also resolutions, the President's
messages, and whatever other matter may have
been referred to it by the House. The Chair
j would refer the gentleman from North Carolina
| [Mr. Stanly] to an authority contained in the
i Journals of the last Congress, directly to the
; point, which the Clerk will read to the House.
I The debate upon the President's message, in that
I case, was stopped by a resolution similar to this
! one now before the House.
I Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The Speaker can
! only know what has transpired in the Committee
of tlie Whole House upon the 3tate of the Union,
from the report of the chairman of that com-
i mittee. That chairman did not report that the
President's message was under consideration, and
he could not have so reported, for such would not
have been the facts in the case.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. Is there an appeal from the
, decision of the Chair?
j The SPEAKER. It is the Opinion of the
I Chair that the resolution introduced by thegentle-
! man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] is ill
order. [Great confusion in the Hall.]
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
' reading of the resolution.
i Mr. STANLY. I do not understand the de-
' cision of the Chair. I did not hear a word of it.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
' resolution is in order.
: Mr. STANLY. I did not understand the Chair
I as giving any reasons for such decision.
; The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that it had
been the practice of the House, under the 136th
; rule, for the Committee of the Whole on the state
; of the Union to consider not only bills, but also
resolutions, and whatever else may have been re-
\ ferred to it by the House.
j Mr. STANLY. I would like to hear of a case
in point establishing such a practice. I never
henrd of it before.
; The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from tfie
Journals.
! The Clerk then read the authority referred to by
the Speaker, from the House Journal of the second
J session of the Thirty-first Congress, on page 33,
as follows:
I "Resolved. That tlie debate in tlie Committee of the Whole
■ on the state of the Union, on the President's message, Miall
j ecasc in five minute? after the committee shall again resume
j the consideiation of the same, (if the committee shall not
, sooner come to a conclusion upon the same,) and the com-
' mittee shall then pioceed to vote on &uch propositions as
' may be ponding, or offered, in reference to the same; and
i shall then report it to the House, with such propositions as
| may have been agreed to by the committee.5'
! Mr. STANLY. How did the Kossuth resolu-
tion get before the committee? It has not been
, referred to it by the House.
; The SPEAKER. The President's message
( was before the Committee of the Whole on the
