1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
east side of this island, a short distance from the
old works, rather than going on with the improve-
ment and repairs of the old structure.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would inquire if those
estimates were submitted to the Committee on
Commerce by the Topographical Bureau, or were
they contained in the printed estimates from the
heads of the bureaus to Congiess?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will answer. There were
a great variety of petitions and memorials from
persons interested in the navigation ofthese waters,
showing the necessity of this work; but before
the Committee on Commerce proceeded to adopt
it they sent to the Topographical Bureau and de-
sired from them an investigation of the proposed
work. They made the investigation,and returned
to us a full report, going into detail, showing the
expenditure necessary to complete the work, and
also the expediency of it. Those are the doc-
uments to whic-h 1 referred.
Mr. MARSHALL. If I understand the chair-
man of the committee, the old pier upon the west
side of the island is still standing.
Mr. SEYMOUR. It is standing in a dilap-
idated condition; and the Topographical Bureau
believe it to bean unwise expenditure to put re-
pairs upon it, and that it would be cheaper, and
tetter subserve the interests of commerce to con-
struct this new harbor, which is but a short way
from the old one.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would call the
attention of the chairman of the committee to the
depth of the water there.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I referred to that subject,
but should have added that upon taking the sound-
ing upon the western side of Reedy Island, it was
found that if we should go on with that structure,
we should not have a work of much utility. The
large ships passing up the Delaware river could
not be protected there. The work would be of
little service, whereas upon the eastern side of the
island, and but a short distance from the old work,
a most excellent protection can be obtained by the
ice-harbor, which is proposed to be constructed,
as is described here in the particular estimates we
have, and which can be built for the sum we have
named in the bill.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky,
and it wa^ not ngrecd to,
Mr. HEBARD. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the twelfth line:
For continuing the breakwater structure, nn<l improvo-
ing the harbor, at iiuihngton, Lake Champlain, Vennont,
$15,000.
From the intimations which have fallen in the
committee, it would seem there is a determination
that no amendments to the bill shall be adopted.
If that be so, I, of course, suppose that the amend-
ment I have just submitted will share the fate of
all others. Whatever may he the determination
of the Committee of the Whole, or the committee
who reported this bill, I shall not neglect my duty,
but present the amendment. 1 have offered it in
good faith, believing the appropriation contem-
plated proper, and that it should be incorporated
into the bill; and I say this from the fact that the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, some
days ago, declared the rule, which in some meas-
ure guided them, was to make these appropria-
tions where the wants and necessities of the com-
mercial community had already been developed,
and where works had already been commenced, but
notcompleted. Thisisdifferentfromalmostail the
other amendments that have been offered. This
is the only work which has ever received any aid
from the Government in the State of Vermont. It
"was commenced some fifteen or more years ago,
but it has had no appropriation since 1844, and
now remains in. an unfinished condition. The
money which has been already expended will be
lost unless the work is carried forward to comple-
tion. It in a place where there is a very consider-
able commerce, and where there would be a very ■
good harbor, but for the fact that it receives the I
sweep of the winds from the west and north- '
west which sometimes renders the navigation of :
the lake very dangerous.
I hope there will be no objection to this amend- !
ment. I hold out no threats of what will be my I
action if it be rejected, but I hope that the good !
sense of the committee who reported the bill will 1
interpose no objection to its incorporation into it. •
It has, I believe, received the recommendation of I
the Department every year. This very year the
amount of appropriation in my amendment has
been estimated for and recommended by the En-
gineer department. The reports of that depart-
ment have set forth, better than 1 could, the rea-
sons and necessities of this appropriation. I do
not know, sir, by what measure of justice or by
what rule of action that committee were guided
when they omitted to take into consideration this
appropriation, thus recommended and so much
needed, and when it is based upon the very ground
which I understood the chairman to say was their
rule of action. I trust there will be no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I wish only to say a few words
in opposition to this amendment, and it does seem
to me that gentlemen proposing amendments act
upon the idea that the Union is to be dissolved, or
we are to be conquered by the British. They cer-
tainly seem to consider that there is to be no other
harbor and river bill than the one before the com-
mittee. This system is necessarily a progressive
one, and to be gradually extended. If we were
to extend the provisions of this bill to all the cases
presented by gentlemen, or even to those of the
description of that presented by the honorable
member, [Mr. Hebard,] the appropriations thus
madeatone time would be unreasonably large. At
the renewal of the system we must establish cer-
tain rules for our government. Let gentlemen rec-
ollect that there has been no appropriation for
fourteen years,and that the undertaking now must
necessarily be of a progressive character, and grad-
ual development. What rule, then, have the com-
mittee acted upon ?
In making these appropriations, the committee
looked first to the great highways of human inter-
course and the great channels of trade—the Mis-
sissippi, the Ohio, the Arkansas, and other rivers
<-f that description. And looking to the Missis-
sippi, we appropriate in one item, $75,000 for the
improvement of its mouth, in which some twelve
or fifteen States are interested. We appropriate
large sums for its improvement at other points.
And so with regard to the Ohio. We must adopt
this rule, sir, or otherwise the whole scheme must
fail.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the gentleman debating the merits of the
bill ?
Mr. WALSH. I say that this amendment is
not in order, because it does not come under the
rule which we must adopt in entering upon these
improvements anew. We must confine ourselves
at the outset to the great highways of human in-
tercourse and the great channels of trade, and then
the other points which are subordinate in interest
can be deliberately considered as legislation in the
;; premises progresses. There has been a ^ood deal
jj of anecdote told and argument urged in this matter.
! The complaints preferred are similar to those
!, which may be made by a greedy man, that he
I; cannot swallow at one meal enough to last him a
lifetime. Gentlemen might as well complain that
! committees had not put in the Navy or Army bill
at a particular session, an amount that would sus-
tain either institution for twenty years. The
: argument of gentlemen is against the whole na-
il ture of the system. Why, sir, the debt of the
| United States, as was lemarked to me this morn-
ins;, is $60,000,000, upon which we pay an annual
;j interest of more than $3,000,000. And here is a
!i Government thus indebted by one single item ap-
jj propriatmg $1,500,000. Is not that enough for
h one season? Is it not enough, looking to the in-
cumbrance upon the Government? I have this
further to say, that if this system is not to be a
gradual one, if it is not to be progressive and
founded upon surveys and estimates, and executed
and rendered by your officers in the proper
department, whose science enables them to make a
!; proper examination, it hnd better fail. If it is to
j be a general grab at the Treasury of the country,
: without proper guide and control, it should be
j lost.
I The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is giving
j too large a latitude to the rule that has been laid
; down.
} Mr. WALSH. I have said all I desired to say.
j The question was then taken on Mr. Hebard's
amendment, and it was rejected. ,
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the !
! following amendment, to come in at the end of the !
1 twelfth line: !
For the repairs of the Cumberland dam on the Ohio river,
$50,000.
1 have not offered that amendment, orany other,
to the bill as a mere matter of form. I submit the
amendment as an act of justice to one of the great
thoroughfares to which society resorts, and which
it uses, and which, in the view of the gentleman
] from Maryland, [Mr. Walsii,] ought to become
j the first object of our consideration in adopting
; this system. The Cumberland dam has been
I placed across the Ohio river for the purpose of
! improving the navigationof the Cumberland river,
j It was put across the Ohio river, from the head of
j the Cumberland Island to the Illinois shore, under
j the authority of the United States exercising its
i power to improve the navigation of the river,
! when the Ohio was free from obstruction there.
| Fieshets'have broken the dam away, and at high
| water one end of it is entirely submerged. They
! are now compelled to keep a stationary engine
| there, and every boat that passes up through the
] sluice, or break in the dam, is taxed for the use
Jj of the stationary engine from $25 to $75 Actually
|' at that point in the navigation of the Ohio river,
jj boats traveling under ordinary power cannot go
up over the Cumberland dam. You ought either
to take it out of the river or improve it. A great
many people of the West are inclined to take it
out; but I understand that that will be, probably,
a matter of impossibility, as you have sunk in the
middle of the stream rocks weighing upwards of
twenty tons, which are now imbedded in the bot-
tom of the river. Upon those rocks this dam has
been constructed. This is a work for which esti-
mates have been made, and the amount I now ask
for the purpose of repairing that dam has been re-
ported by Colonel Long, and was passed in the
last appropriation bill. It was reported by the
office of Western Improvements in 1848. I hope
there will be no difficulty in putring that amend-
ment through.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I desire to
make a reply to the remarks of the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will modify my amendment. I will
make it, " For the repair or removal of the Cum-
berland dam," and let the committee repair or
remove it, as they see fit.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Kentucky whether that is not entirely am-
biguous? Should we appropriate $50,000 m this
bill, which may answer for its repair, but may be
four times what is necessary for its removal?
Now, the Government have estimated for the re-
pairs, not the removal, of this dam, and that is
included, at $50,000, in the last official estimate
upon this subject, by Colonel Long, which 1 have
before me, in which he has put together all the
estimates required for improvements for the year
beginning the 1st of July, 1850, and ending the
30th of June, 1851—for the last fiscal year before
this; so that it may be considered as an estimate
for the present time. In this the estimates for the
repairs of the Cumberland dam, at $50,000, are
added to the other estimates for the western
rivers, including the Mississippi, the Arkansas,
the Missouri, and Ohio, and amount to $300,000.
Now, this was reported by the officer who has*
had charge of the works on the western waters,
to the head, of the Topographical Bureau, as a
sufficient sum of money to be appropriated for
one fiscal year. Through that Bureau it came to
the War Department. That Department revised
and sent it to us, reduced $40,000; and $260,000,
instead of $300,000, is now asked for the same
work. That is not sufficient to complete it, but
is all the Government can well apply during the
present fiscal year.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would inquire whether
I understand the gentleman as stating that the ap-
propriation of $260,000 includes an appropriation
for the Cumberland dam ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. The $300,000 which was
reported by Colonel Long to the Department, in
1849, included the Cumberland dam. The head
of the Topographical Bureau, this year, in send-
ing in his printed estimates, refers in his report to
the report of Colonel Long, as the data upon which
he based his printed estimates, which have been
laid before the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. Does that embrace the
Cumberland dnm ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. It was specifically embraced
1 in the original estimate «f Colonel Long, and that
