1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
state of the Union, and it makes direct reference
not only to Kossuth, but to his arrival here, and
the manner of his recepuon by this House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for the reading of
the resolution submitted by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clixsman] referred to.
Mr. STANLY. That resolution does not cover
the case in point.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the U nion, upon so much of the Presi-
dent's message as relates to Louis Kossuth, shall terminate
in one half hour after the committee shall again resume its
consideration, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a
conclusion on the same,) and the committee shall then pro-
ceed to vote on Midi propositions as may be pending, or
offered, m reference to the same and shall then lepoit it to
the House, with such propositions as may have been agreed
to by the committee.
Mr. STANLY. And this resolution stops the
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, when that part of the message which
refers to Kossuth comes under consideration.
The SPEAKER. It does; and the Chair de-
cides that the resolution is m order.
Mr. JONES. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 wish to make an
additional point of order. It is this: we cannot
stop'debate upon a part of the President's mes-
sage any more than we can upon a section or part
of a bill.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. It is difficult to state a point of
order; my object in taking an appeal is not upon
the ground that a resolution to stop debate upon
the President's message is not in order, but upon
the ground that you cannot stop debate upon one
part of that document and not upon the re-
mainder.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order taken by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. JONES. Then I appeal from that, decision
of the Chair, and upon that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
" Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire that the rule
may be read which authorizes the stopping of
debate in a Committee of the Whole.
The 136th rule was then read, as follows:
" The House mav, at any tunc, bv a vote of a maiority
Of the member pic-suit, suspend the t ulc; and ni.lns lot :
the puipo^e of s;«nn<r into the Committee o! the u hole on I
the state of the Union ; and ab>o for piovuhnj? loi the (h>- 1
chai"C  of the Committee of th>- Whole Huum*. and the ■
Committee of the Whole House on the statoof the Lmon—
January 2.">, 18)8—from the further congelation ot any
bill ri'feried to it, aftor acting without bebato on all amend-
incnt4- pending, and that may be offered.—March It, 1844
Mr. TUCK. I move tlint the appeal taken by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] be
laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GIDDING'S. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if it lias not been the uniform practice of
this body, that when we have arrived at a conclu-
sion upon one resolution touching any one portion
of the President's message, to leport that to the
House before the other parts of the message have
been disposed of, and without reference to them? ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated to the |
House, that it has been the practice of this body j
to pursue the course now proposed by the resolu- j
tion There can be 110 doubt about it. _ ]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. The Chair ,
states th.it it is the practice of the House to do [
what is now proposed to be done. I ask the j
Chair if any instance can be given, by any mem- .
ber upon this floor, when the House has, by such
a resolution as this, discharged the Committee of j
the Whole from the consideration of any separate j
portion of the President's message? •
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware ol
any practice upon that particular point. _
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Chair
stated that such was the practice. .
Mr TVYLOR. I wish to inquire of the Speaker
what would be the effect of laying the appeal upon
the table? Whether it would cut oil all further
debate upon the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to sustain
the decision of the Chair. The question is upon
laying the appeal on the table; upon which motion
the yeas anu nays have been ordered.
The question was then taken, and the appeal
was laid upon the table—yeas 91, nays 65; as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Allison, John Appleton,
Babcock, Bartlett, Bussell, John H. Boyd, Breekenndge, ,
Bnsgs, Buell, Buuow*, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cartter,
Chapman, Chaplain, Cleveland, Chngmaii, Geoi^o 1.
Davis, John O. Davis, Dean, DiMiej, Doiy, batman, Jwl-
geiton, Ficltlin, Florence, Flojd, Fowiei, IhoinasJ. L>.
Fuller, (*a\lord. Uentn, Guiding, Gilmort?, (•.orman,
Green Grow, Hawaii, Hendnck*, Honn Howard, John
YV. Howe, Thomas >1. Ilowe, Ini£er,>oll, Ivus John John-
son Daniel T. Jone-s, Preston King:, Kuhns, Letcher, Mace,
Mann, Ma*on, McDonald, Meacham, Molony, Nabjii*,
Newton, I'ea&leo, Poim, Penniman. Perkins, lliddle. lvobio, J
Robinson, Sa^kctt, SeiuUler, Da\ni L. Seymom, Ongen ;
Seymour, Skclton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, ried-
cru-k F. Stanton, Il'.chmd 11. Stanton, Stone, Stratton, ,
Stiuut. Suthi'tlnnd, Sweetber, Ueorsc XV. Thompson, ,
Tluir-ton, Towiishcml, Tuck, Walbude. Walsh, }yard, ■
Washburn, Welch, Add-on Wlntu, and Wildnek—Jl.
NAYS—'Aiken, William Appleton, A*he, Aver- (
ctt. Thomas H. Bajiy, Baireie, Bell, Uocock. Bowne,
Brenton, Biooks, U. Oaiunj ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. C'.unpbt'll, Clnuchwcll, Clark, Cobb, Con^r,
Doeken, Dunham, Edmund^on, Fitch, Goodetmw, Hall,
Hammond, limpcr, I?ham G. llariis, Sampson W. Hani>, ;
Haven, Ucliaid, Hillvci, Hunter, Jackson, Andiew John- ,
son, jamcm Jolnis-on, KobcitW. Johnson, <J«oij c W.Jones-, •
(JcoiaeG. Kins, Landry, J.ocl'hardt, IJmnphiey Ma<<hal , ■
AfcMulhn, Miller, MdNon, Minei, John Aloore, Moieiiead, .
Mu'iphv, Clds, Oir. lVrtei, Powell, Sehciinoihoin, Scurry, j
Smith " Stanly, Ali'xanrlci II. Stephens, Ta\ lor, Vcnable, (
Wallace, Watkms, Wilcox, William*, and Yates—65. j
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. |
The question then recurred upon the adoption ;
of the resolution. . i
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire j
if it is in order to move an amendment? j
The SPEAKER. It is in order. '
I would remind the Chair
Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not consider
the newspaper as' any authority at all. I would
inquire if it is not necessary that there should be
a motion to amend the Journal, so as to show that
, the previous question was demanded, before we
j shall be called upon to vote to second the previous
question ?
, The SPEAKER. There is no necessity of
: amending the Journal.
i [Cries of "I object!" "I object!" "I ob-
,1ject!"J
' The SPEAKER. The Journal can be amend-
; edbut the Chair does not regard the omission
! as controlling any decision which he gave. The
motion does not, it is true, appear upon the Jour-
nal; but, according to liis recollection, the previous
question was demanded, and it is the duty of the
Chair to put it. Does the gentleman appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I understand the Speak-
er to deoidc that the demand for the previous
question can now be made, as the Journal stands,
without amending it, then 1 tf.ke an appeal.
The SPEAKER Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 was not debating it.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair is,
that the previous question was demanded by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
and that he had a right to do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Cries of •'(iuestion1" "question!" "question!"
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ha-ve
Mr, CLINCrMAN. *       - — -
that I moved the previous question, on yesterday,
on the adoption of the resolution to close debate. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair's recollection is [j
that the previous question was demanded by the ^
gentleman. , ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 call for the
reading of the Journal, to see if it was or not; be- !■
cause my recollection was the other way* But I j
will bo governed by the Journal. I;
Mr. GLINUMAN. I remember the fact. 1 do :
not know how the Journal is. i<
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects that the i:
n-entlenian made such a motion. ' j
° Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. I paid strict ,j
attention to the reading of the Journal, and it does ; j
not slate the fact. I rely upon the Journal, and i
it eoiroborates my recollection. jl
Mr. CLIN OMAN. 1 know I made the mo-.
tion. , , ...1
Mr. STEPHENS. I will ask the Speaker it ■
there is any vecoul of it?
The SP P.AKER. The Chair will state Ins rec- .
ollection of the proceedings. There was a good
deal of confusion at the moment. The gentleman
from North Carolina |Mr. Clin&man] offered the
resolution, and, according to the recollection of the
Chair, called for the previous question. i he
o-entleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] then
moved that when the House adjourned, it should-
adjourn till Friday next. Another gentleman
moved that the House adjourn. The Chair first |
nut the question upon the ad journment to Friday, j
and it was voted down; then upon the adjourn- .
ment, which motion was carried, and the House (
adjourned. But previous thereto, upon the intro- ;
diietion of the l esolution, the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Cusi.siav] arose to a ques-
tion of order, in regard to which the Chair replied
he would be heard after the motion was disposed
of upon the adjrfumment.
The Cliair did not state to the House the de-
mand made for the previous question, the other
matters intervening; but it is his recollection that
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cljng-
mwI demanded it.
Mr. GENTRY here read an extiact from the
report of yesteidny's proceedings as published in
the " Globe." The extract is ns follows,
i -'Mr. C Tlioie is nothmK now before tlie
i Iloiw ' T move the iwml rofolutimi stopping debate on
' the Kossuth resolution in lialf an hour alter tne Hou-e J-'1'1"
i tavJ^IIn. lesoivct ltscll uito Committee of the Whole on
' the rvtate of the Trnum ; and upon that motion I call Jor tnc
previous question. ' , n r
i The SPEAKER. That is tlie recollection of
' the Chair. * , . . . t t
! ]Mr. GEJNTRY. The Journal is subject to
' correction. , . . ,
j The SPEAKER. Upon this resolution the pre-
yious question is demanded.
  are in order.
I move to lay the appeal upon
something to say upon the appeal.
SPEAKER. No remarks
The SP
Mr. FICKLIN.
the table.
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLING MAN. I understand that the mo-
tion to correct the Journal is a privileged one, and
takes precedence of all other motions, and there-
fore ] move that the Journal be corrected in that
respect.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this stage
of the proceedings to move £b amend the Journal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 merely wish to
sav, that there are many in this immediate neigh-
borhood who do not know what the precise ques-
tion is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, then, state it.
The Chair declai es that, according to Ills best rec-
ollection, and about which lie has no doubt, the
1 gentleman from North Carolina [Air. Clingman]
; introduced his resolution upon yesterday evening,
I and demanded the previous question thereon,
j There are gentlemen upon this floor who think
: that the Cluur is mistaken about it. The Chair has
I no pride of opinion or memory to gratify, as it is
a question of fact, and not of parliamentary law.
' The Chair decides that the gentleman had demand-
I ed the previous question, having a right to do so;
1 and it is the duty of tlie Chair to propound that
! question to the House. From that decision the
[ gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] takes all
I appeal. _ ,
: Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the Speaker
; to decide that, as the Journal stood, the question
i could be taken upon the demand for the previous
1 question, l.do not deny the fact, that the gentle-
man from North Carolina may have made the mo-
I tion. but the Journal does not show it.
; The point 1 make is this: that you cannot take
a vote to sustain the demand for the previous
J question until the Journal is amended to show
■ the demand. An additional point I make is
; this: that a motion cannot be made to amend the
! j Journal while I have the floor, proposing to amend
i \ the resolution which is to be reported to the
tHouse.
|| ' Mr. CLINGMAN. T)o I understand the gen-
ii tlenmn from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] as having
lj resigned the floor for the purpose of havyjg the
i question of order decided?
; | Mr. CAMPBELL. I have resigned it only for
1' that purpose.
!i Mr. CLINGMAN. I must insist, according
i to the practice of the House, that the motion to
j amend the Journal must be acted upon and take
!: precedence, though tlie previous question had
!, been sustained upon a previous day and we had
: adjourned over. My motion is right, and will take
|j precedence of a motion to amend this resolution,
