1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
himself into the breach, but he was powerless without some
efficient aid from the North. The leading Southern Whigs,
such as Mangum, and Badger, and Dawson, rallied upon
Mr. Webster, seized upon him, stuck to him, and brought
him finally up to the mark. His speech on the7th of March
gave a new impulse to the compromise movement, and the
•whole country felt that the danger was substantially passed.
But it is notorious that, in the proceedings upon the com-
mittee of thirteen, Mr. Webster wavered again, voting this
way and that way, and wa3 only held to his place by the
uuceasing vigilance of Messrs. Mangum and Badger. It
was a terrible trial to give up Massachusetts sure, for the
doubtful prospect of a settlement of the slavery dispute;
but he did it through the example ol Henry Clay, and through
the personal influence of such men as Mangum, and Badger,
and Underwood, and other Southern Whig Senators. They
stood virtually, if not directly, pledged to indemnify Mr.
Webster in the future for the loss of Massachu.-etts, in the
cordial support of the South •, and it was that impression,
and the general popularity of Mr. Webster's course m the
South, that tendered him at once a piomising candidate for
the Presidency.
" The South are under similar obligations to Mr. Fillmore.
General Tayloi's policy conflicted with Mr. Clay's policy;
and it was not till General Taylor was succeeded by Mr.
Fillmore and anew Cabinet, that there was any really satis-
factory pi ospect of a compromise. Mr. Fillmore sided with
the policy of Mr. Clay, and threw into both Houses a con-
ciliatory message or two. The way was cleared on the
Texas question, the compromise? bills were passed triumph-
antly and in quick succession, and the work was done. But
the agitators had yet one hope of a failure—u was the strin-
gent and effective fugitive slave law. Fillmore would be
eternally damned in New York, to sign it. But he looked
to the South, and the South looked to him. The bill was
signed, and it has been enforced. The President may justly
demand, in goodfaitb, the support of the South in return.
But what do we see ? While the Whigs of all the Southern
States, from Virginia to Louisiana, at home have declared
for Fillmore, as their choice for the Presidency—while they
all stand upon his platform of the compromise measures—
the leading Whigs of the South in Congress—such men as
Mangum, and Badger, and Stanly, and Goxemor Jones—
are juggling with Seward and Thadd^us Stevens tor a plat-
form, and a candidate that will secure the support of the
Northern Abolitionists. What a falling off is this in
Southern dignity, Southern chivahy, and Southern states-
manship ! Ts there aitv security to the South, when her
leading men are thus willing to throw wide open the doors
of agitation, in the pitiful pi ospect of the Vice Presidency,
upon a ticket with a candidate whoso only pledceie a pledge
to Seward not to commit himself again *t the Abolitionists?
What is the South worth—what is the Southern Whig
party worth—if its ptmciples are thus to be sacrificed foi
the prospects of plundei ?
" Having explained the obligations and partiality of the
South to Fillmore and Webster, it is easy to give tiie solu-
tion of their desertion by leading Southern Whig politicians
Tne late vote in the House of Representatives on the ques-
tion of the fugitive law as a finality will solve the mysteiy.
Mr. Jackson'* resolution wa^ carried—yeas 101, nay  (J-t.
Of this vote, there was only seven Northern Whigs in the
affirmative to thirty Northern Whigs against it, the rest be-
ing absent, from reasons bes^t known to themselves. Ofthe
Southern Whigs, the vote was twentv tbi the tinahty to one
m the negative. Thus, while the Whigs of the South aie
substantially unanimous in favoi of the compromise as a
permanent settlement, only seven men of the whole North-
ern Whig ropiosentiitinn in the House of Sppie«ontatives
are found m the affirmative—only seven! Thifr show* that
he Whig party of the North is radically, if not hopelessly,
nfected with the lepiosy of abolitionism. It fhows that
his element ot the party must be conciliated, or that New
York, Massachusetts, and Ohio may go by tiie board. And
in this view of the c;W, we apprehend that the Southern
compromise Whigs m The Congressional caucus, on Tues-
day night next, will be overruled—that an understanding
will be" dodged, and that it will be dodged in the National
Whig Convention. W> also suspect that the Democrat-* at
Baltimore will dodge the compiomis*".—in fact, that the
candidate of both convention* will be put forwau! with the
lockjaw upon the slavery question.
" Will the South submit? Will Southern Whigs submit
to fcupport a candidate whose only pledge is a pledge to
Seward? Can either party of the South, jealous oi the
critical tenure of their social in^timti ms and aware of the
steady increase of the anti slavery elements of the North,
submit to go into the election with their Northern allies,
with no other argument than that the door is to be left wide
open to the abohuon agitator?? We have our fear^. There
is reason to fear that, m uniting lor the spoils, the Aboli-
tionists will gather the fruits of the unholy alliance—de-
moralize both parties—overthrow the fugitive slave law—
tarry the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
assail it in the States, and duve the South, in the end, to
secession or civil war. The Whig caucus of Tuesday next
will probably solve the riddle."
This article refers to the last caucus of the Whig
party, which I did not attend. I have not parti-
cipated even in tSie outside discussion of the alleged
intentions of the presiding officer of that caucus.
Mv preference, as an individual, for a candidate
for the Presidency is well known; but I shall in
all probability support the man who shall be sus-
tained by the friends of the compromise meas-
ures, whether he be the nominee of either of the
old parties, or of the friends of the Union, and
the Constitution, and the compromise; and these
friends may be designated as conservative Whigs
and Democrats, or, if gentlemen desire it, as {i out-
siders " of both of the old parties. But my object
is to quiet the country; to have peace and har-
mony; to have unity and brotherly feeling: through-
out the land. Can any honest man suppose that
I would loan myself as an individual, or as a Sen-
ator in Congress, to sustain any party that would
unite for the purpose of creating or continuing agi-
tation in this country upon the slavery question?
As to my course upon the presidential election,
this is not the place, nor is this the time, to discuss
it. I merely make these statements as a reitera-
tion of my declarations, made more than a year
ago, to wipe off the wrong impression which the
article in this paper may create, although such, I
doubt not, was not the intention of its writer.
Hence, as I have said, my remarks are entirely of
a personal character; and, in all probability, I
should never have asked for this courtesy from
the Senate but for the occurrence of this morning
—the explanation of the Senator from North Caro-
lina.
EMPLOYMENT OF "WORKMEN.
Mr. HALE. I throw myself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate, to make a motion pertaining
to the business of the Senate; and that is, that all
previous orders be postponed, for the purpose of
taking up a measure which I understood yester-
day it was agreed should be considered to-day.
It was postponed yesterday, as I understood, in
order that the Senator from Michigan might con-
clude a speech which he commenced on Tuesday.
I move to postpone other orders to takeup the meas-
ure for the relief of the laborers on the Capitol.
Mr. BADGER. I do not intend to make any
personal explanation with regard to my position
upon the various subjects spoken of by my col-
league, [Mr. Mangum,] or the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Dawson;] but I am sorry, nevertheless,
that the Senator from New Hampshire got the
floor to make the motion which he has submitted.
I propose that the Senate, this morning, proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill. As I
have said before, I now say again, that I am in
favor of the measure proposed to be taken up by
the Senator from New Hampshire; but I hope we
shall now take up the deficiency bill, and act upon
it speedily, in order to save the credit of the coun-
try, and to save the country from dishonor.
Air. HUNTER. I hope we shall not take up
the measure proposed by the Senator from New-
Hampshire, but that we may take up the defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 shall ask the Senate to
take action upon the French spoliation bill, which
was under consideration yesterday. I shall not
occupy much of the time ofthe Senate, merely de-
siring to reply briefly to some points which were
urged by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,]
and then to have a vote taken immediately. I re-
gret that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] should think it necessary to urge the con-
sideration of another question at this time. 1 re-
greU also, that so many embarrassments should,
from time to time, have been thrown in the way
of bringing up this bill for consideration, and that
almost"all the objections to the consideration of
the subject unfortunately come from gentlemen
who are friendly to the measure, but who are anx-
ious to press other measures. 1 thank Senators
for the courtesy they have manifested in permit-
ting the subject thus far to be disposed of, and I
trust the Senator from New Hampshire will allow
us to have a vote. I will ask for but a very few
minutes. I will not occupy half the time which
has been occupied by those who are opposed to
the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the!
motion ofthe Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. BADGER. On that I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. We shall never get this resolu-
tion up again unless we get it up now. _
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against taking up this
resolution, though I intend to vote for it when it
comes up. I do not think it necessary to be in a
hurry in regard to the subject We struck out a
similar provision the other day, and a little delay
now will do no harm.
Mr. MANGUM. I shall, with great pleasure,
vote to take up this resolution to-morrow morn-
ing; but 1 really think it better to proceed with
other important business to-day.
Mr. HALE. T have made various attempts to
get action upon this subject, and I simply say now
that this is the last time; for 1 have no idea we
shall be any better prepared to consider it to-
morrow than we are to-day.
Mr. RUSK. Somebody else will move'to take
it up.
Mr. BORLAND, I shall vote to take up this
resolution. I do not anticipate that there will be-
any discussion. The Senate have already adopted
a resolution precisely similar, and I have no idea
the opinions of Senators have changed.
The question was then taken, and theresuifrwas
—yeas 14, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Brodhead, Cass, Clemens,
Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin. Douglas, Bale, James, Jones
of Iowa, Shields, TJpham, Wade, and Walker—14.
NAYb—Messis. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, Downs,
Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mallory, fflfen- •
gum, Miller, Morton, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, and Underwood—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senate will now
proceed with the consideration ofthe French spo-
liation bill, otherwise we shall be unable to finish
it to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Maine
expect to be able to get through with it to-day ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I do. I expect to get a
vote on it to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that if the bill is taken
up, it may not be pressed to its final passage to-
day. I am not myself prepared to vote upon it.
I may have something to say upon the subject,
and I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate
to-day. For that reason, I hope the Senator from
Maine will not press its passage.
The PRESIDENT. If no motion is made, it
comes up, of course.
Mr. BORLAND. I move that its considera-
tion be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose I can proceed
with what I have to say as well under that motion
as any other. I hope, however, the Senator will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. BORLAND. There is no necessity that
I should do that, in order to give the Senator an
opportunity to speak.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will then submit to the
opinion of the Senate. I do not wish to proceed,
if the Senate do not wish to hear me now.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY addressed the Senate at
length m defense of the bill. [Mr. B.'s speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HUNTER. We were told by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] that he wished
this bill postponed, because he wanted to speak
upon it. I move now to postpone its further con-
sideration until to-morrow. My object is to get
up the deficiency bill, so that we may adjourn pend-
ing it, and consider it to-morrow.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand now that the
Senator from Arkansas does not want to speak
upon the subject.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to the Senate,
I that it would be better for us to get the bill out of
committee and order it to be engrossed, and then
let the test vote be taken to-morrow on its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator from Maine, whether he wishes to have a
vote taken to-day?
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the vote will now
be taken. The Senator from Arkansas told me
that he did not desire to speak.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I hope the motion to
postpone will not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the vote will be taken.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Borland, to strike out of the first section
of <he bill the words "to an amount not exceeding
^5,000,000.
Mr. ADAMS called for theyeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
bill by adding-
JI>td it is herchy expressly provided, That the appropria-
tion in this act contained, until the whole amount be made
up, shall take etfeet upon, and authorize the expenditure of
only such surplus or excess of money as shall remain in the
Treasury of the United States at the end of each fiscal year,
after deducting from the amount of the public revenues in
the Treasiii y the Miuib neces.-ary to execute existing laws
for the pavmcnt of piivate claims, for the improvement ot
Western nvers and harbors, and for all other objects which
are requned by law to he provided for previous to the erut
of each fiscal year.
