no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
or any other motion. It may.be P am not entitled i
to take the floor while the gentleman from Oluo j
has it. The moment he sits down, if I have the
floor, I may make thfat privileged motion; which
motion must be acted upon before the House pro-
ceeds to the other question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
points in the order in which they are made. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr  Clingman]
asked for the previous question on yesterday upon
this resolution. The Journal does not show that
fact. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
takes the floor, and moves fo amend the resolu-
tion. The decision of the Chair at the moment
was, that the demand for the previous question
must be put. The gentleman from Ohio now
assumes that he has the floor upon th§ proposi-
tion to amend the resolution, and that the floor
cannot be taken from him to supply defects and
add to what should have been in the Journal, and
in that state of things no motion can be made to
"amend the Journal. That is*what I understand
to be the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
The Chair decides that it is competent even in
that condition of things to move to amend the
Journal, as he regards it as one of those privileged
motions which must be put. The Chair is there-
fore of the opinio^ that the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina to amend the Journal
is in order.
Mr. OLDS. I move to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Can I rise and
deprive a member- of the floor, to make a privi-
leged motion? I cannot take the floor from him
and move an adjournment as a privileged motion,
or to bring a question of privilege before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] was not entitled to the floor at
all, the previous question having been demanded.
It is moved to lay upon the table the appeal now
taken by the gentleman from Ohio, for it lias
changed* its character somewhat.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were not ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, called for tellers on
the yeas and "nays; winch were ordered, and
Messrs. Stone, and Stephens of Georgia, ap-
pointed.
The count, was made, and the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the point of order upon which the appeal has been
taken. The question is simply this: that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] had
a right to move to amend the Journal. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] appeals from
the decision of the Chair. The motion is now
made to. lay that appeal upon the table, and upon
that motion the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. CAJ3ELL. I desire to he informed as to
the point of order, and if I am mistaken, I desire
to be corrected. The Chair has decided, that
while one member had the floor, another member
had the right to move to amend the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no such
decision; for, if the demand for the previous ques-
tion was pending, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] had no right to the floor.
Mr. CA13ELL. The gentleman from'Ohio was
upon the floor, and was recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. He had no right to it.
He was recognized by the
CABELL.
Gentlemen will preserve or-
Mr.
Chair.
The SPEAKER.
der.
The question was then taken on laying the ap-
peal upon the table, and it was decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 109, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Mi-sms, Aiken, Willis Alton, Alteon, John Ap-
pleton, William Appleton, Asdie, Avm-tt. Bartlett, Roll
Bisseti, Iiowne, John II. Boyd,Bragg,Breckemid«*e, Bren-
ton. Brings, Buell, Rurrows, Busb\,J« eph Cable*Carlfer
Chapman, Chat-tain, Clark, Cleveland, Oinigman Cobb'
Grow, IJall, Sanson W. Han is, Hascall, Henducks'
H^nn, Hilljer, IJoisford, John W. IIowc, Thomas IVl'
Howe, fnjrersoll, Ives, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Preston Km*
Kuhns, Letcher, Lockhait, Mace, Maun, Mason, McDon-
ald. McMuihn, Moacham, MiJIson, Miner. Molony, Nabers
Newton, "Olds, On, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman* Perkins'
Powell, UichanUon, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, SackettJ
Scbermerhora, Sehoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Sey-
mour, Orisen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Stone, Stratum, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, George W. Thompson, Thurston,
Town«hond,Tuek, Walbridge, Wallace, Ward, Washburn,
Welch, AddteOn White, Wildrick, and Yates—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere,
Bocock, Bowie, Brooks, E: Carrington Cabell, Caldwell,
Joseph P. Campbell, Lewis D. CampbeH, Churchwell,
Cullom, Disney, Doetoery, Dunham, Grey, Hammond, Har-
per, Isham Cr. Harris, Haven, Hebard, Hunter, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Landry, Humphrey Marshall,
Martin, Miller, Morehead, Murphy, Porter, Savage, Scurry,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Taylor, Venable, Walsh, Watkms, Wilcox, and Williams
—41.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Clingman's
motion to amend the Journal; and being taken, it
was decided in the affirmative.
So the Journal was ordered to be so-amended.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL SATURDAY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
a privileged motion. To-morrow is New Year's
day; I see that there are to be a great many houses
open, and members will doubtless be visiting them,
and perhaps they will not be in a very good con-
dition for business the day after. I therefore move
that when the House adjouns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. TUCK. Will not the resolution to ad-
journ till Saturday be quite as much in order after
the adoption of the Kossuth resolution as it is
now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises properly.
Mr. FOWLER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 74, nays 89;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, John Appleton, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Aveiett, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bell, Bo-
cock, Bowie. Bragg, Biooks, Brown, Bifrrows, Busby, E.
Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Church-
well, Cullom, George T. Davis, Disney, Dockeiy.Dunham,
Edmundson, Filch, Florence, Heniy M. Fuller,Thomas J.
I). Fulhn, Gentry, Goodenow, Gieon, Hall, Hammond,
Miam G. llartis, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, IJebard,
Ilillycr, Ilmitei, Jackson, James Johnson, Gcoige W.
Jone*, Kuhns, Lockhart, Mace, Humphiey Marshall, Mar-
tin, McMuihn, Mtllei, Millson, Miner, John Moore, More-
head, Muipby, Nabeis, Olds, Ore, Powell, Richardson,
Riddle, Savage, Schermeihorn, Seuriy, Smith, Stanly,
Rtokard II. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Sutherland,
Taylor, Venable, Wallace, Wells, and Williams—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allena Allison, Babcock, Bartlett,
Bissell, Bowne, John II. Boj'd, Breckenridge, Brenton,
Briggs, Buell, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain,
Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, John G. Davis,
Dean, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgcrton, Ficklm, Floyd,
Fowler, Gaylord, Giddings,Gilmore, Gorman, Grey, Grow,
Ilarpei, Hawaii, Hendiicks, Ilcnn, Horsfoid, John W.
Howe, ThomasM. Howe, [ngersoll, fves, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W.Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
G. King, Preston King, Letcher, Mann, McDonald,Mcach-
am. Molony, Newton, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Robie,
Robinson, Sackett, Schooninaker, Scudder, David L. Sey-
mour, Origcn S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin
Stanton, Ficdeuck P. Stanton, Stone, Stratton, Stuart,
Sweetsri, Geoige W. Thompson, Thurston, Town^hcnd,
Tuck, Walbudgc, Walsh, Ward, Wa«hlmrn, Watkms,
Welch, Addison White, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Yates—89.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tel-
lers; which were ordered, and Messrs. Stephens
of Georgia, and Riciiaroson were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 48.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question, viz: on the adoption of Mr.
Clingman's resolution to close debate, was then
ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table, and called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided m the negative—
yeas 56, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Mec=r«. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, Averctf.
Thomas H. Bavly, Bancre, Bocock, Bowie, John H. Boyd,
Brags, Brooks, Albert G. Biown, E. Carrington Cabell,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chui chwell, Claik, Cullom,
Doekerv, Dunham. Rdmundson, F.vving, Fitch, HalL.Ham-
inond. Harper, Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. ILirns, Ha-
ven, Hebard, Ilillver, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, George W. Jones, Landry, Humphrey Marshall,
Martin, McMullin, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Murphv,
Oir, Powell, Savage, Sciury# Smith, Stanly, Alevander H.
Stephens, Taylor, Venable/Wallace, Watkms, Wilcox,
and Willianw —56.
| NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, John Appleton,
j Wiiham Appleton, Babcock, Bartlett, Bell, Bissell, Bowne,
t Breekcnbridge, Bicnton, Biiggs, Buell, Burrows, Busby,
1 Joseph Cable, Cartter, Chapman, Cliastain, Cleveland,
Clingman, Cobb, Conger j George T. Davis, John G. Davis,
Dean, Disney, Doty, Durkee, "Eastman, Edgerton, Ficklin,
Florence,.Floyd, Fowler, I-Ienry M. Fuller,Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry,. Giddmgs, Gilroore, Gorman,
Green, Grey, Grow, Hascall, Hendricks, Henn, Horslord,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives,
John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Kuhns,
Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Edwaid C. Marshall,
Mason, McDonald, Meacham, Molony, Nabers, Newton,
Olds, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Peikins, Porter, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Sackett, Schoonmaker,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Stone, Stiatton, Stuart, Sutherland,
Sweetser, George W. Thompson, Thurston, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Ad-
dison White, and Wildrick—100.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 102, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Wilhs Allen, Allison, John Appleton,
Bartlett, Bell, Breckemidge,Biiggs, Buell, Busby, Joseph
Cable,Cartter, Chapman,Chastain, Clark, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Cobb, Conger, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dis-
ney, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ficklin, Florence,
Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gonnan, Grey, Grow, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hascall, Hendricks, Henti, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, John John-
son, Robert W. Johuson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King,
Kuhns, Letcher, Lockhait, Mace, Mann, Edward C.
Marshall, Mason, McDonald, Meacham, Molony, Nabers, ,
Newton, Olds, Peaslee, Petin, Penniman, Perkins, Ran-
toul, Richardson, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Sackett, Scher-
mcrhorn, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stone,
Stratton, Stuait, Sutherland, Sweetser, George W. Thomp-
san, Thurston, Towrishead, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Addison White, Wil-
drick, and Yates—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe, AvSrett,
Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bocock, Bowie, Bragg, Bren-
ton, Brooks, Burrows, E. Caningtojj Cabell, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Churchwell, Cullom, Dean,Dockery,
Dunham. Edmundson, Ewing, Fitch, Hall, Hammond, Har-
per, I-sham G. Harris, Hav**n, Hebaid, Hillyer, Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, Landry,
Humphrey Marshall, Martin, McMullin, Miller, Milison,
Miner, John Moore, Moroheud, Murphy, Orr, Porter, Pow-
ell, Savage, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,
Taylor, Venable, Watkms, Williams—56.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY.
Mr. STANLY moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet'on Friday
next.
Mr. VENABLE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion,
and it was agreed to, on a division; ayes 98, noes
46.
The question recurring on Mr. Cartter's mo-
tion, it was taken, and agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
•state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in
the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the business before
the committee to be the annual message of the
President of the United States, in relation to which
a series of resolutions had been offered by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and
an amendment to that resolution by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Seymour.]
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
do now take up that portion of the President's
message which relates to Kossuth.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The entire message of the
President is before the committee, and the only
question pending is the resolution of the gentle-
man from Alabama and the amendment thereto
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Seymour.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. As I had the
honor of proposing that amendment to the resolu-
tion offered by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and as that gentleman is not
now present, I hope, by general consent, the res-
olution and amendment will be passed over, and
the committee will proceed to take up the resolu-
tion which was under consideration yesterday. I
make that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit this point of or-
der: the business which was before the commit-
tee on yesterday—that is, the resolution of the
