1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
The argument that the committee has refused to
vote appropriations for the Cumberland river is
nut applicable to the amendment to reduce the ap-
propriation for the Hudson river.
Mr. WARD. It is a very difficult matter to
know what is m order under that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the con-
struction to be strictly this: When a motion is
made to reduce an appropriation, remarks must
be made to show why that particular appropria-
tion should be reduced, and why it is more than
is necessary for that particular work.
Mr. WARD. In order to do this, it seems ne-
cessary to allude to the standard upon which these
appropriations are recommended; and in so doing
to advert to the different streams 
The CHAIRMAN. In discussing that ques-
tion it is not in order to discuss the refusal of the
committee to make appropriation for streams in a
different part of the country.
Mr. WARD. This bill contains appropriations
for various rivers, and the appropriations to these
rivers should be made according to the magnitude
of the interest involved, the extent of the naviga-
tion, and length of the streams. To the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, amounting to upwards of
sixteen hundred miles of navigation, they have
appropriated the sum of $260,000; and to the Hud-
son river, with a navigation of one hundred and
fifty miles, they have appropriated one fifth of that
amount.
I hope that the system of internal improve-
ment , if commenced at all, of which I am in
favor, will be based upon a principle just to all
portions of the Union, for each and every portion
of it are equally interested in the matter. Now,
when those who are settled upon the Mississippi
and its tributaries—amounting to one half the
population of the United States—demand that an
appropriation shall be made to them, thereisdoled
out to them $260,000, while those living upon one
hundred and fifty miles of navigation jret $50,000.
Is that just, is that proper and fair? Is it propor-
tionate to theinterests involved in the twostreams?
It seems to me not, and that $25,000 is as much as
the Hudson river demands, and as much as the
interests involved in it are entitled to, and I hope
and trust that this committee will cut it down to
that amount.
Mr. MEADE. I am astonished at the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Ward.] Does the gentleman reflect that the
Hudson river has leceived heretoforebut$370,000?
[Laughter.] Does the gentleman wish to cut down
the Hudson river to the paltry sum of $25,000? If
he does, let me remind him of another fact, that
of the amount appropriated by this bill, to wit:
$1,500,000, the State of New York will have to
pay about $180,000 of it, calculating her portion
by her population. She receives but $258,200
under ihis bill, which is but about $75,000 more
than she will have to pay towards these improve-
ments; and will the gentleman attempt to put the
State of New York upon the same footing with
other States of this Union—that great State which
contains the emporium of the commerce of the
United States? Why, sir, the gentleman's feel-
ings should be more national.
1, sir, who represent the State of Virginia, which
has not one single cent appropriated in this bill,
and which has to pay $100,000 towards the pay-
ment of this million and a half, even I, sir, whose
State receives nothing under this bill, am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ward.]
Why, sir, will he be so cruel as to scatter his
shot among the little brood of chickens the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce has hatched,
after an incubation of some five or six months—
[laughter]—a brood of thirteen as pretty little
chicks as you ever saw. Well, he has only di-
vided among them the sum of §258,000, and what
is that when compared to the million and a quar-
ter already received by them? [Laughter.]
Why, has the gentleman no national feeling?
Does he remember, sir, that we have already tes-
tified to the amount of $850,000 in favor of the
superior advantages that State enjoys over the rest
of the Union ? Now, sir, while the House is will-
ing to go to this extent in favor of that great State,
why should the gentleman be so uncharitable as
to object to this little sum of $50,000 to a little
river in the State of New York, which has hith-
erto received but §370,000 ? [Laughter.]
Iam astonished at the gentleman, and I hope
he will withdraw his amendment? [Laughter.]
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment,
Mr. WARD demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in or-
der to move that the committee rise, and report
this bill to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is if no gentleman de-
sires to offer any further amendments to the bill
Mr. MEADE. I have a few amendments more
which 1 desire to offer.
Mr. YATES. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding:
For tin; improvement of the navigation of the Illinois
liver, $40,0(1 j.
Mr. Chairman, I will say but a few words upon
this amendment. 1 have not offered it in any cap-
tious spirit of opposition. I assure you, and this
committee, that it is not fiom a factious opposi-
tion, but because it is a subject which 1 feel deeply
at heart.
Sir, the subject of appropriations for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Illinois river
has been much, and for a long time, discussed
throughout the length and breadth of our State.
The question of constitutional power has been
raised; and I feel a great desire tor this Congress
to settle this question. It is one that deeply affects
my constituents and the prosperity of my State,
and m no small degree the commerce and interests
of many States of this Union. 1 offer the amend-
ment to this particular section, making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Hudson river,
for the reason that the Illinois river is situated simi-
larly to that river. The two streams arc nearly
alike in every particular. They are each within the
limits of their respective States. The head waters
of the Hudson are connected with the lakes by
railroad* and canals, and the commerce of many
States is transported upon it. This makes it a
national stream. The head waters of the Illinois
are connected with the lakes by railroads and
canals, and the products and merchandise of
numerous States are borne upon it. This makes
that a national stream. Now, sir, I wish to test
the fairness and justice of this committee. Are
you willing to give to the wealthy and powerful
State of New York $50,000 for a stream only one
hundred and fifty miles m length, ami deny to the
young and needy State of Illinois an appropriation
of $40,000 for a navigable stream two hundred and
fifty miles in length, and one of the most important
rivers m the United States? This is the question
I put to the committee, and I call upon them to
face it and to vote upon it, with this view of the
question. Is it fair, is it honest, is it just to the
State of Illinois, to deny her this small appropri-
ation, and give to a State of the most unbounded
wealth and resources a larger appropriation, for a
river with a railroad on its banks for its whole
length—a State, sir, which is literally cut up with
railroads, and whose harbors command the com-
merce of the world? I trust what I say will not
be interpreted into bitterness of feeling on my part
towards New York. I have none. 1 do not wish
to reduce her appropriations, but to raise those for
the Ohio, Illinois, and Mississippi rivers to the
same standard.
Now, in a speech I made on Saturday, I brought
forward before this committee the report of a sur-
vey, estimates, and plans made under the direc-
tion of the Government of the United States, by
a civil engineer, showing that this was a national
stream, and showing that there are impoitant ob-
structions to the navigation of this river. Now,
what are the facts? Why, sir, steamers of the
largest size are now floating without obstruction
or "detention upon the Hudson, while on the Illi-
nois river, from La Salle to the mouth of that river,
at this very time, while we are now discussing the
question, steamboats and canal-boats are aground,
their crews out of employ, and the whole com-
merce of that river obstructed for want of an ap-
propriation—for the want of that encouragement
which it is the bounden duty of this Government
to extend to all her great national highways, and
which the public sentiment of this country now
most imperatively demands.
The amendment which I propose is right, and
it ought to be made. Our steamboats are detained
by bars in this river, when an appropriation of
&40,000 would remove them and place us upon
an equality with the far-famed Hudson. I do not
decry the Hudson. Any person who ever trav-
eled on it will be proud that such a stream is in
his country. 1 did not vote to strike it out of the
bill. I do not propose to dimmish the appropri-
ation for it a single dollar. No, sir; but I propose
to ingraft upon it a stream equally important and
equally national as the Hudson; and I think the
House will see the propriety and justice of so
doing.
Mr. Chairman, let the friends of internal im-
provements act in concert, let them amend this
bill m some few particulars only, and we shall
soon witness the beneficent effects of our legii la-
lion in the vast increase of our commerce and in
the accelerated march of our country to that high
preeminence of prosperity which as patriots and
Americans we nil so much desire her to attain.
Mr. EVANS. I do not know that I have any
objection to this appropriation, but rather to the
place where it is proposed to introduce it. There
seems an unusual desire to make the appropria-
tions for the western rivers and the western har-
bors us amendments to the appropriations for the
eastern rivers and harbors. Gentlemen are so eager
and impatient to introduce their amendments that
they eannot wait until they arrive at the proper
place in the bill. There are abundant opportuni-
ties, when we reach the Illinois appropriation, to
put in this amendment. 1 think it likely I shall
vote for the bill of my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] which has something in it for the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.) In advo-
cating these amendments, some gentlemen, instead
of taking liberal national grounds upon this gen-
eral question, are animated by something like hos-
tility to the East.
Since 1776 there has been expended in the State
of Maryland $55,000; and in the State of the
gentlemen particularly anxious here to-day,
$2,617,000, not to say anything about millions of
acres of public lands they have received. Well,
vsir, I do not entertain any envy towards the
West. 1 hope she may be prosperous and great;
but why all this clamor about these expenditures
in the East?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself strictly to remarks in opposition to
the amendment.
Mr. EVANS. Then I will say no more at
present.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment—
Mr. YATES demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr, Y\tes, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLiN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put,; and upon a division there
were—ayes 53, noes 47.
Mr. OllR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CARTrKRand
Hart were appointed.
The question was again put, and the motion to
rise was disagreed to, the tellers having reported—
ayes 59, noes 75.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the enlargement of the Louisville and Poitland
canal, and constructing an additional lock, four hundred
feet in length, $70'>,0Q0.
Mr. Chairman, my amendment appropriates
$.700,000 to the enlargement of the Louisviile and
Poitland canal, and for the construction of an ad-
ditional lock, four hundred feet in length, which
is the amount for which a contractor proposes to
make that improvement. This canal, by the con-
sent of the State of Kentucky and the stockhold-
ers, belongs to the General Government, after a
few hundreds of dollars shall be paid out of the
tolls on the canal, which event will transpire in
about one year. The Government advanced
money to construct that canal. It has received
back all that it advanced, and $35,000 besides. It
was authorized that the profits of the canal should
be paid to the extinguishment of stock held by
individuals in it, and the whole commerce of that
country is taxed by tonnage duties, for- the pur-
pose of reimbursing the Government for the ad-
vances it made for the construction of the canal.
