1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter]—was left
unfinished, and I ask if that is not the regular
business before the committee?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I insist upon my motion to
lay aside the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. PIouston-,] and the amendment
which I had the honor of proposing to that reso-
lution, and that we proceea to take up the resolu-
tion which was under consideration yesterday,
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that a
motion to postpone any particular part of the
President's message is not in order. The Presi-
dent's message and resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama are now regularly before the House,
and the Chair thinks they cannot be postponed in
part.
Mr. SEYMOUR. My amendment relates not j
to the consideration of the message, but to one of |
the specific resolutions offered by the gentleman '
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I suppose it is ,
in order to move to postpone that, if not all the j
resolutions offered by the gentleman from Ala- j
bama, and take up the resolution Offered by the i
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cartter] yesterday, j
which relates also to the message.* If the Chair i
decides that motion to be out of order, 1 shall be j
constrained to take an appeal from that decision. \
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion i
that the committee, when last in session, having |
had a resolution introduced which was not based :
upon the questions referred by the House to the ,
committee, that it does not come up as unfinished j
business of a former session of the committee. |
The Chair is further of the opinion that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sky- I
mour,] proposing to postpone a particular resolu-
tion to mstributethe message, is not in order. The i
only legitimate course for the committee to pur- !
sue, the Chair thinks, is to proceed with these i
resolutions in the order in which they stand on I
the calendar. j
Mr. SEYMOUR. I take an appeal from that !
decision. i
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from |
New York, [Mr. Skymour,] as I understand it,'
proposes to lay aside the resolutions introduced
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and i
Means and an amendment proposed by himself |
to one of those resolutions. Does the Cluur de- i
cide that motion to be out of order ? |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it ,
is not in order to move to lay aside those resolu-
tions unless the whole message goes with it. It i£ ,
upon the same principle as when -a bill is pending J
in the House and an amendment thereto: if a
motion be made to lay that amendment upon the i
table, and the motion prevail, it carries with it the ;
whole bill. 1
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make one !
single inquny. The effect of the motion is to be j
decided hereafter. The right to make that motion !
has never been questioned in committee. In my !
opinion the Chair is clearly m error in deciding ■
that the gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Sky- ;
moi'r] has not the right to make a motion to lay ■
aside these resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] is clearly right in saying ,
the right to make the motion has never been ques-
tioned; for if the Chair is correct, such motion has
never been made in Committee of the Whole on ,
the state of the Union. The Chair adheres to its .
decision. From that decision the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Skymour] appeals. I
Mr. CLINGMAN. I made a point of order ;
which comes up first. I desire to appeal from the
decision of the Chair—if it is competent for me to ,!
do so—upon the point I made, that the business |
pending when the committee rose was so much of jj
the President's message as relates to Kossuth and |
the resolution iu regard to it. That resolution was j
not disposed of yesterday, and, as I understand i
it, comes up here as unfinished business to-day, i;
and is the regular order. • The Chair, as I under- ji
stand him, decides that it does not so come up. ;!
Prom that decision I desire to appeal. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point made by the gentleman from North Caro- ;
lina, [Mr. Clingmant.] The Chair will state ■:
further, that one of the resolutions before the com- '
mittee proposes to make a reference of so much |
of the message as relates to Louis Kossuth. The !
resolution to which the gentleman from North
Carolina refers, as having been before the commit-
tee at a previous sitting, has no relation to and
does not connect itself with the President's mes-
sage at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Whether it relates to the
President's mgssage or not, it is before the com-
mittee under the Chairman's own decision. I
care not whether it is connected with the message;
it has come up before the committee, and stands
as the unfinished business. It is upon that ground
thftt I take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the President's message, and the resolution of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
are now the business before the committee. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] moves
to lay aside all of the message except so much as
relates to Louis Kossuth, and to proceed to the
consideration of that part of it. The Chair de-
cides that the motion is not in order, and from
that decision the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingmuc] appeals.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Chair misunderstands
me. My point is, that the resolution under con-
sideration yesterday is now the regular business
before the committee. I understand the Chair
decides differently. It is from that decision that
I take ail appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
prescribe the mode of proceeding in Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union; and those
rules prescribe that the business shall be taken up
m the order in which it is referred and stands upon
the calendar. The committee cannot go back, as
the Chair conceives, and take up anything as un-
finished business, but must take up the business
as it stands upon the calendar, as the rule pre-
scribes.
-Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask a single
question.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an appeal now
pending which was taken by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman-.] The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Committee?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. But I desire to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clinc;m\n]
a question in relation to this very matter. I think
that gentleman is clearly wrong in the point he
has made. I submit to that gentleman if, when
the compromise measures were before the last
Congress, it was not the invariable practice of ihe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to take up the business as it stood on the calen-
dar at each sitting and lay it aside? I think, ac-
cording to the invariable practice of the commit-
tee, the course proposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina is wrong, and that proposed by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sf.ymouk] is
right.
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to ask one question.
Did not the House this morning decide jhatall
debate in Committee of the Whole upon the state
of the Union should cease upon this resolution in
a half hour after the corflmittee commenced its
session, and that the cormmtlee should proceed to
vote upon tins resolution ' If thisis so. I submit if
the House has not decided these questions about
which theie seems to be mo much difficulty'
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
resolution.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Rcsohrdy That all debate iit the Committee ofthe Whole
IIoihc <>i) the of the frmon, upon so mwh of the Pu" i-
dent's mesMiflff as relate^ to Loum Ko-Mith,shall teiminate
id one half hour alter the committee shall Hiram resume its
eon-i(liT<iijon, (if the committee j-hali not soonc) conn; to a
conclusion mi the *nrne,) and Ihe counnittee i-hail then pro-
ceed to vote on «ucii piopoj-itmns h^ may be pending, or
oljercd, in icteterice to the same, and shall then report it to
th<' lfou-*o, v, jth «uch propositions as may have been agreed
lo by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that the resolution provides for terminating the
debate upon so much of the message as relates to
Louis Kossuth; but the entire message is before
the committee, and the resolution does not termi-
nate debate upon any other portion of the mes-
sage.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to ask this question:
I want to know whether any motion can he made
which, in the judgment of the Chair, will he in
order; and which will bring; that portion of the
President's message relating to Kossuth before the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chairman were a
member upon the floor, there are several motions
which he thinks he could make in order, but he
does not deem it his province to instruct gentlemen
as to the proper motions to be made. It is his
duty to state to the committee the business as it
comes up; and the good sense and knowledge of
gentlenien will certainly enable" gentlemen to pro-
ceed with the business of the committee.
Mr. FtCIvLIN". In connection with these ques-
tions of order, I ask that the last paragraph on
page 150 of the Manual, be read.
Mr. CABELL. We seem to be in the midst of
great confusion. I move that the committee do
now rise; and upon that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fuller and
Williams were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 80.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now upon
the appeal of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clint,man.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Before the
question is taken, I ask of the Chair if two ap-
peals can be taken at the same time?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
North Carolina appealed from the decision of the
Cluur before the gentleman from New York sub-
mitted his; but it was not put to the House, and
is therefore, now, the only one pending.
Mr. F1CKLIN. I now ask that the paragraph
in the Manual be read.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read, if no ob-
jection is made.
A Member objected.
The question now being "Shall the decision of
the Chan stand as the judgment of ihe Commit-
tee? tellers were demanded and oidered; and
Messrs. Marshall of Kentucky, and Orr were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 75—no quorupi.
[Cries of u Call the roll !"and " Ilecountf"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I call for another count.
The CHAIRMAN. Another count is called
for. If there is no objection, it will be done.
[Cries "I object!'' "I object!" all over the
House.]
The CHAIRMAN said the roll would be called
to ascertain the names of the absentees.
The roll was then called and the absentees noted.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having re-
sumed the chair, the Chairman of the Committee
[Mr. Jones, of Tennessee] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and especially the President's message;
and having found itself without a quorum, caused
the roll to be called, and had instructed him to re-
port the facts to the House, with the names of the
absentees.
The CHAI-RMAN also stated that Mr. Hous-
ton, of Alabama, is confined to his rooms by sick-
ness, and that he had been requested to state that
fact to the House.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session; and the question being taken
on the appeal of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Cu\t>m\m| from the decision of the
Chair, the tellers (Messrs. Marshall, of Ken-
tucky, and Orr) reported—ayes 29, noes 89.
So the appeal was sustained, and the decision
of the Chair overruled.
TheCHAlRMAN. By this decision the com-
mittee have decided that the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States is not before the com-
mittee; but that the resolution introduced to the
committee when last in session by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Carttkr.] proposing to appoint
a committee of five to receive Louis Kossuth, is
before the committee; and upon that question iho
genileman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. 1 do not understand that the
committee has decided that the Piesident's mes-
sage is not before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated distinctly
that the message was before the committee. The
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
made a question of order that the resolution of the
