1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
bate first arose, and as I understood from some
members of that committee, by conversation with
them—and particularly with gentlemen upon that
committee in the Senate—they had not only made
an arrangement to have the printing already given
out executed, but that they had provided for the
future printing; and that they had selected Donel-
son & Armstrong to do the printing for the House,
and the Republic to do the printing for the Senate;
intending thereby to cover all the printing which
may be ordered by Congress during the present
session. That is what I understand to be their
action; and I find, in confirmation of that opinion,
in the reports of the Senate proceedings—which
I have a right to refer to, as appearing in the news-
papers—that Mr. Borland, from the Printing
Committee, reports exactly such a resolution as
that. Now, that resolution, I consider, is clearly
beyond the authority of the committee. The ex-
isting lav/ provides that, where there is neglect and
delay in the execution of the printing ordered by
Congress, the Printing Committee may take the
necessary steps to have it done, and they may de-
duct what is due to the contractor, or refuse to
receive his work, and that in all cases they may
proceed upon his bond, and hold him and his se-
curity liable. Of course, nobody will contend that
the contractor will be liable for not printing docu-
ments never placed in his hands; and if it was the
intention of the framers of that law, no doubt that
condition only covers the printing actually given
out, where the public printer had been guilty of
neglect or delay, and where his security may be
liable.
I have no dovibt, that in accordance with this
view, after the discussion in the House, the Print-
ingCommittee changed theiroriginal purpose—as I
understand they did—and abandoned the resolu-
tion as reported in the Senate by Mr. Borland,
and they submitted the one which we now have
before the House, in their report. This resolution
1 shall not trouble the House to read. Gentlemen
understand it, and they will find that it amounts
to precisely the same thing, in substance, with the
former one. But these gentlemen have ingeniously
managed to get over the legal difficulty thrown into
their way by an arrangement which I will now
describe. They say that they did not propose to
dismiss Mr. Hamilton, but to retain him as public
printer; but that they will from time to time remedy
his neglect and delay, by giving the printing of
the House to Donelson & Armstrong, and that of
the Senate to the Republic. They intend to make
use of this man, Boyd Hamilton, and keep him in
the position of a nominal public printer. You see,
at once, the difficulty in the way, if they take any
other course. If they had dismissed him—if they
had said that he could not have carried out the
contract, why it would have been necessary for
this House to take some action; and the House
could, no doubt, have made an arrangement to let
out the public printing to the lowest bidder, or in
some other way spoken of. And in either of these
points of view, Donelson & Armstrong and the
Republic could not have come in. Well, these gen-
tlemen, adroitly, with a view of giving the print-
ing to their favorites, adopted this mode. They
intend that this man, Boyd Hamilton, shall be,
nominally, the public printer. But the moment
this printing is to be executed, they will say to ;
Mr. Hamilton, "You cannot execute this work;
you will not. be able to do it"—and they tell us '
ie is not able—and therefore they give this to
Donelson & Armstrong, and that to the Republic, i
In this way they will keep Boyd Hamilton in that ;
nominal position of public printer during the whole
session, and turn over the work to the other print-
ers—lie being thus a mere sort of conduit pipe to i
convey the printing from Congress to their friends, j
Mow, what is Boyd Hamilton's position? He
may well say to himself, " If I commence on this 1
document, and should set up one half of it, the
committee will come m and snatch it from me, and 1
turn it over to Donelson & Armstrong."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] permit
me to ask him one question? i
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will.
Mr. JONIl^J. Does the gentleman from North i
Carolina [Mr. Cikciias] believe that Boyd Ham-'
llton can execute the printing of this House and '
of the Senate ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man with pleasure. It is a point I know nothing
?;
about. I think it very likely he cannot. But it
is very certain that he has had no fair chance to
execute it. It is' very certain that this committee,
three months ago, commenced a war upon him
calculated to discredit him, and put it out of his
power to get along. It is clear, according to his
own statement, that he has been embarrassed all
the time, and I say it by no means follows that he
cannot execute the printing.
Mr. JONES. One more question, with the per-
mission of the gentleman. This contract with
Boyd Hamilton was entered into on the third of
March, 1851. Did he not have, from that time,
knowing that he had the contract, up to the first
day of December last, to prepare his materials, his
paper, press, ink, type, and everything else in
hand, to come here to do the work ? and should he
not, had he been able to do it, have fully prepared
himself for it? If he had been thus prepared,
does the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] suppose that any gentleman upon this
floor, or in the other wing of this building, or any
member of this committee, could have any objec-
tion to his doing his work ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hear this inquiry of my
friend with great pleasure; but he will see that it
does not remove the difficulty which now stands
m the way. 1 tell him, candidly, that I do not
know whether this man can execute the printing
or not. I think, probably, he cannot. But sup-
pose he cannot, what was the duty of the Printing
Committee? Unquestionably to report to this
House that this man could not execute it, and
leave the House to determine whether they would
let it out to the lowest bidder, or adopt the plan of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] or
some other mode. But these gentlemen of the
committee say clearly, as their action shows, that
if that was done, Donelson & Armstrong would
!i not get any part of it, and the Republic would get
'! no part of it, and therefore they have arranged
! matters in the present mode. They intend to hold
; on to Boyd Hamilton, nd make him the instru-
i, ment of keeping the control of the printing from
;i the House, and to convey it into the hands of their
jj favorites, where they are determined it shall go,
! and where they know that they cannot get it in
any other way. That is what I object to. The
j plan recommended by the committee is the worst
I plan you can possibly have. Youwill have three
j printers, one a legal one, and two others foisted
II on us by this mode.
|| The difficulty will be, when you do not getany
jj printing done, that you will have three printers to
look to, and one will shift the responsibility upon
j the others. Boyd Hamilton will sty, "I ex-
' pected to have had this printing, but I found that
j the committee had given it to some other people."
No matter what the condition of the public print-
i ing, we are to be bedeviled during the whole ses-
1 sion, having no one responsible person to look to.
] The Printing Committee have left things in this
j: condition, and I can only account for it upon the
jj supposition of a strong and overruling desire to
j benefit their friends.
I Now, I was pleased, at the beginning of this
i session, with the candor of the chairman of that
j committee. He came out very frankly and told i
the House that his object was to benefit a political j
j friend; that he was a party man; and he called I
; upon his party, all around the House, to sustain
j him: and I have no doubt thatthatgentleman will
admit that he is now actuated by the same feel-
ings. I have no doubt that he will admit, if the
question is put directly to him, that he does not
intend to recommend any proposition that cuts
out Donelson & Armstrong altogether. That is
the situation of that gentleman upon the commit-
tee. They see that we are in a difficulty, and they
do not mean to let us get out of it in any way, ex-
cept through Donelson & Armstrong. ' ;
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman r
' if he is not actuated by the same motive to cut out. i'
Donelson & Armstrong ' ]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all.
Mr. GORMAN. I can, with the same propn- 1
ety, say, Not at all. '
I Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask if it is not his fixed J
purpose not to recommend any plan which will j
; cut out Donelson & Armstrong altogether ? j
> Mr. GORMAN. I ask the gentleman from I,
North Carolina the same question over, whether •'
> his fixed and determined purpose is not to cut out j
Donelson & Armstrong; ' i'
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not. If they will do
it as cheaply as anybody else, I am willing that
they should have it. Now, will the gentleman
answer my question ?
Mr. GORMAN. What is it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I say, if Donelson Arm-
strong will do this work as cheaply as any one
else, I want them to have it. How is it with the
gentleman !
Mr. GORMAN. If Donelson & Armstrong do
not do this printing as cheap as anybody else, in
view of promptness and contract price, they can-
not and shall not have it, so far as my vote is con-
cerned.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman rec-
ommend a proposition to let out the public print-
ing to the lowest bidder, and let Donelson & Arm-
strong take their chance?
Mr. GORMAN. I have no such power in the
committee, or in the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman vote
for it in committee ?
Mr. GORMAN. 1 will not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman will not
vote for xt at all.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a qu estion ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
! Mr. POLK. The gentleman says that he will
I vote for the contract system. I want him to tell
i me if, since the contract system has been adopted,
j there has been a single contract given out that we
i have not had men at our portals asking relief un-
der it? And, further, if it has not cost more, by
i consuming the time of this House, to consider
these applications for relief under the contract sys-
tem than one half of the whole public printing
costs?
i Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer that ques-
| tion of my friend in a moment; but I will not
leave the committee yet. I want to show to the
House, as the committee has not, how this matter
stands. They say that this man is not capable of
executing the public printing, and they will take a
certain other bid. But there were eight lower bids
than that of Mr. Rives, although they have se-
lected his bid. Every one admits Towers is a
good printer—a responsible man. According to
the statement given to us, Towers's bid is $30,000
or $28,000 and a fraction, less than Rives's, and
yet Towers was passed over. Why pass over
Towers's bid? And remember, according to the
statement given to us, Rives's bid was about
§60,000 better than the terms upon which they
proposed to give the contract to Donelson & Arm-
strong; for Rives agreed to make a deduction for a
large number of the documents. You will see from
the statement given in the Congressional Globe,
that that deduction amounts to about $60,000; so
that it turns out that they propose to give to
Donelson & Armstrong this contract at $90,000
more than Towers was willing to do it for.
Mr. GORMAN. Most certainly not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How much more, then?
Mr. GORMAN. I told the House yesterday,
but the gentleman seems to have forgotten it, that
Towers did not propose to deduct a single per
cent.—not one per cent, off the round numbers;
but that Rives did propose to deduct sixty-nine
per cent, upon all copies over twenty thousand,
, and that Rives's bid was, thereby, the lowest.
| I say further, sir, that Mr. Rives has published—
! " I am the lowest bnnafide bidder for the greatest
' portion ot the printing of Congress, and have
' made ample preparations to execute it, and 1 am
' prepared to prove this before a committee. I
I ' therefore ask the Speaker of this House for a
j ' committee to investigate this fact, that I am the
' lowest bona fide bidder."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman, then,
how it stands that they have given it to Donelson
; & Armstrong upon Rives's bid, without that de-
duction of sixty-nine per cent, upon the largest
number?
Mr. GORMAN. No, sir; that is not so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is published in the pa-
pers that he accepted it, upon condition that he
should not be held to the reduction. It so appears
from their letter published in the Globe, as a part
of the committee's report made yesterday. Did
the committee and these persons come to that un-
derstanding:?
Mr. GORMAN. They expressly declined to
accept that proposition.
