1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
that he will convince us? Are we afraid that
if we are convinced in the cause of human free-
dom, and in relation to the great rights of nations,
that if we acknowledge the fact that the confes-
sion will involve some cost? And shall we shrink
under such an apprehension ? Such is not the tem-
per of the American people. INro one believes more
sincerely and cordially than I do in the profound
wisdom of the doctrines laid down by the early foun-
ders of our Government. Interferencewithforeign
nations in our infant condition would have been
unwise, so the men who formed that Government j
understood it, and hence the Father of his Conn- j
try distinctly recommended us to avoid them. The !
recommendation at the time was wise, but the 1
principle was but the principle of policy. It was, !
as I have said, wise, just, sound, and becoming m j
a nation of some three millions of inhabitants; !
but, sir, it would not be wise in a nation of twenty- j
five millions of people, with a commerce spreading" 1
itself throughout the globe, with powers hardly
yet developed, but developing themselves with a ,
rapidity which amaze? and startles both. Sir, I
never in my life did I feel prouder of myself as !
an American citizen than when I read the letter of j
the present distinguished Secretary of State to the j
Austrian. It has been my lot, it may have been |
my misfortune, to have differed with that gentle- I
man all my life m reference to other questions, yet !
1 confess that my blood in my veins tingled to my i
finder ends under the glow of patriotic admiration j
as I read that specimen of noble American pride— ;
that expression of a just consciousness of Ameri- -
can power, as well as of American right. The ;
records of your negotiations heretofore are marked !
by a creeping caution, a fear of saving ofienee, and |
a shrinking, no evidence of which you find in the i
letter to which I now refer, and which spoke out as I
became not only a Republic, but as became a na-
tion of twentj^-five millions of freemen, freemen ]l
pioud of their character, and, if it please you, sir, ;!
proud, m a righteous cause, of their power, too. jl
Mr. WILLIAMS. "With the permission of the jj
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis.vey,] I desire\to :j
ask him a question. The distinguished gentleman 1 j
from Virginia [Mr. Baily] announced to thl^i
House yesterday, seemingly with great pleasure*j
that there were not twenty members in this Con- j 
gress that indorsed the doctrines of Louis Kos-
suth. J thought then that he was mistaken, and
I desne now to ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether we are to understand him as mdor&ing
the doctrines of Louis Kossuth?
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman will honor I
me by listening m my remarks, he will understand
precisely where I stand.
1 desire, then, to say briefly and raj>idly—for I
will trespass but little longer upon the committee—
that, in my opinion, the day has gone by when this
country may wrap itself up m its own selfishness i
and have nothing to do with the aiTaiis of other j
nations. I regretted to hear, on yesterday, the ;
sentiment advanced by the gentleman from North j
Carolina, [Mr. Vevabm:,] that rhe nations of the j
earth that had no liberty, dcseived to have none, j
God cannot love the wretch he starves. j
Mr. VENA13LE. The gentleman misunder- j
stood me: I said that they were not ready for !
liberty. „ i
Mr. DISNEY. My time is nearly out; I must
hasten. Sir, we are a living antagonism to the
despotic Governments of Europe, and they never ;
can have peace and quiet there so long as this
country exists with the prosperity and happiness i
with which it now exists. There is not a steam- :
packet which floats upon the waves of the broad
Atlantic, as it bears the letters from emigrants in
this country to their friends on the European
continent, but carries the seeds of liberty to that
continent. There is not a gale which wafts your
commerce across the ocean—theie is hardly a-
billow which breaks upon its broad bed which |
does not bear upon its bosom the seeds of repub-
licanism as they are borne upon their way to
Europe's despotic shores. The very pictures of
happiness and prosperity existing in this country,
as the emigrants here describe them, must favor-
ably impress their friends in Europe as to the
effect of republican institutions. These letters are
read throughout the neighborhoods to which they
are dispatched, and thus we are hourly furnishing
a constant and steady supply of lepubhcon thoughts
to the people of Europe/ And, sir, when our in-
stitutions are having this constant effect upon
Europe, it is all idle for you to shrink back and
say, that because your immediate, peculiar, and
personal interests are not directly and immediately
concerned, that you will not interfere. Such is
not the law of nature; it is not the law of God; it
is not the law which God himself has stamped
upon humanity.
In our daily pursuits, how often does the senti-
ment to which I have adverted rise up in the
bosom of eteiy man, and tempt him to step
aside and do that which the instinct of which [
speak tells hnn is right? This'country cannot
wrap herself up in any such miserable, selfish pol-
icy as would refuse every generous appeal. This
country has a mission to fulfill. It is a high and
noble one; and though some of us may seek to
postpone the hour, yet it is rolling on—destiny
impels us onward, and the time must come, and :
will come, when our institutions will come m con- j
diet with those of the despotic Governments of I
Europe. The battle must be fought. It would i
require no \ery great ingenuity to show by argu- |
ment that it even may he sound policy, even in an
interested and selfish point of view, ta interfere
when any great infraction of the laws of nations
shall have been perpetrated by any of the great
monarchical Governments. The laws of nations
are but the laws of right, as established by com-
mon sense and sanctioned by human reason; and
when these laws are violated and trampled down
13y tlie strong arm of powei, it is the duty alike :
of nations and of individuals to protest against j
the outrfige. ;
it is not necessary that! should refer here to par- j
ticular cases. I have not the time. But it is both I
the right and duty of the Government to lay down :
her broad and general principles of right, and to |
protest against the wrong; and if the protest shall |
be disregarded, it will be time sufhcient for the i
country to determine upon its course when tliat !
houi ani\es and the case presents itself. But, in j
my humble judgment, lookmgto the power and the ;
future dt'sln.y of this country, it is its bounden ;
duty, in the position winch it occupies on the ;
theatre of the world, to protect at any and every [
and at all times against any and every of those |
terrible infraciions of the laws of nations that j
may be and sometimes are perpetrated by the i
hands of power; and I would protest against ;
them, no matter how great or formidable may he '
the guilty power. It does not follow as a matter j
of course, that because you protest against mfiac- j
tions of the sort, you are therefore bound to inter- ,
vene wnh armed force upon all occasons. No, j
sir; you place vourself right before the world by I
the protest. You £ive the moral power of your j
position to the doctrines winch you announce; and !
if the particular case does indeed require it, why
then you con intervene—aye, if necessity or honor
calls, intervene by force of arms. Having ex-
hausted the lime allotted to me, and thus huriied-
ly, rapidly, and imperfectly expressed my views,
I take m y seat.
Mr. CAMPfiELL, of Ohio. I have not time
now to reply to the remarks* of my colleague,
[Mr. 1)isvj:v;] I will, however, send to the Clerk's !
desk an extract, which I wish to have read to the i
committee, from one who, though dead, yet liveth,
I trust, m the hearts of his countrymen; it is from j
the Farewell Address of Washington. I
^ !
The Clerk then read the following extract: 1
" The gieat i ule of conduct for ih m logaid to foreign i
natioji^. iv m extending our eotjmieieidl iriaUon^, to have i
\\ itti rix-m .iv hub' pointful ( otineetion po-<oble. So lar '
ns wo hrive already lot mod ontfJieomoiN. lot them bt? l'ul-
tilk-d with p°t feet good UUlw Here let it ^top.
ICiuope ha-> a set of primary mteiesis, winch to have
none, oi n very jeinotc relation. Hence she muM: he en-
gaged ni firquem eontioveiMc«. the causes of which are
(.'-hontitdly foto!Lrn to our concerns. Hence, thniolbie, it j
jihM he tumi-e in u*> to implicate ourM-hes by artificial 1
tie-., in the ordinaly v in^itude n! her polities, or the nrdi- j
nary coinnin.itions and collisions of her fnemUlnp*o or en- !
nnttes. I
*' Our dotachf d and distant situation invites and enables j
Us to pui«ue a different eouit-e, If we icmain one people, i
under an efliejent government, the period not lar oiF when J
we nia\ defy material ifjnn lumi external annoyance; |
when we may take *«ueh an attitude, a* will eau^e the nen- ;
tiality we may at any tune lesolve upon, to lie sciupuloti-ly j
respected; when helhge.ont nation*!, undet the impossi-
bility of making acquisitions upon us, will not hazaid the
giving us provocation ; when we may, choose peace or war, 1
as oni mteie-t, guided byju*.ticc. shall counsel. !
'•Win fun-go the ndv.mt.iecp of peculiar actuation ?
Why quit our own to s>tand upon foreign srround ? Why by ■
interweaving om dc^tmy with tiiat of an\ part of Euiope, j
entangle our peacc and prospemy m the toils of Emopean I
ambition, nvalilup. interest, humor, or caprice i
Mr. (CAMPBELL, (resuming.) No better ar-
gument can be presented by any living man, upon
the proposition just made by my colleague, [Mr.
Disxeyj] than the one which has been read at the
desk. I do not propose now to add to it a single
word. But I do desire to understand from my
colleague fully and unequivocally the extent to
which lie proposes to go. t desire to know from
him whether it is his design to advocate the doc-
trine of intervention, as it has been proposed by
Louis Kossuth in the various speeches that he has
made? I desire to know from him whether he in*
tends to ad\ocate the position that this Govern-
ment shall declare to ilussia, in the event of a
struggle between Hungary and Austria, that she
shall not interpose; and whether he would be pre-
pared to back that declaration by war?
Mr. CARTTER ( rising to a question of order)
inquired whether the half hour allowed by the
resolution closing debate had not expired?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it had just ex-
pired.
The resolution and the pending amendment were
then reported, as follows, viz:
Rrsolved, That a cornnntttee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to wait upon Louis Kossuth and introduce hiin to
the itousc oi Representatives.
Mr. VENAJBLE had moved to strike out all
after the word " resolved," and to insert,
" That the Speaker be authorized to invite Louis Kossuth
to a privileged seat within the Houne.'1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinksitproper,
under the curious circumstances under which the
committee is now acting, to state, that in the
opinion of the Chair the resolution which was
adopted m the House this morning terminating
debate upon "so much of the President's message
as lelates to Louis Kossuth," does not apply to
the resolution now under consideration. The
Chair Is of that opinion, because this resolution
dues not connect itself with the message by any
language winch is contained in it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from that decis-
ion.
Several Voices. "You cannot get the floor."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a right to appeal.
Loud cries of "Order!" "Oi'der!"
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have not yielded
the floor, nor do 1 design to do so unless I am de-
cided to be out of order.
The C1IAUIMAN. The Chair made the point
of order himself, and stated it to the House, and
he thinks that gentlemen have a right to appeal.
The question now is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
If the decision of the Chair shall be overruled; it
will be regarded by the Chair as a decision that
this resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, with
the pending amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, is before the committee, and that
the resolution adopted by the House terminating
debate upon so much of the President's message
as relates to Louis Kossuth, should be applied to
that resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is the appeal
debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. As the question of order
on which the appeal is taken giew out of a reso-
lution to close debate, the appeal, m the opinion
of the ('han, is not debatable.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers on the appeal; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Venable and Wil-
liams appointed.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the tellers reported—ayes S, noes 99—no quorum
voting.
Loud cries of " Call the roll" Call the roll!'*
The roll was then called, and the absentees
noted. The committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-;
mxttee [Mr. Joxr.s] reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
the Union generally under consideration, and,
having found itself without a quorum, ordered the
roll to be called, and instructed him to report this
fact to the House, with the names of the absent-
ees.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I move that the committee
rise,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered, and Messrs, Fc*\v%e$
and McMullin appointed.
