1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
that the committee were desirous to lay before the
House their proceedings; and if the House have
no confidence m the committee, if they think this
work was all well done, let them take the responsi-
bility and say, when they have waited twelve
months for these heavy documents, that it was at
their own suggestion that they waited upon Mr.
Hamilton, and not through the inefficiency of the
committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand the gentle-
man. He is mistaken about the fact. He is anx-
ious to shift the dilemma from the committee to
the House. He cannot do it. I have no doubt
but he believes exactly what he states; but what
I wish to say is, that the committee themselves
have been in default. If they were satisfied that
this man had not the capacity to executethe print-
ing, they ought to have reported that fact to the
House, and requested its advice. The House
might then have disposed of it to some one
else.
Mr. HAVEN. The law requires that the com-
mittee shall act—that they shall remedy the failure
of the comractor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is the gentleman's
constiuction of the law. My construction is a
d liferent one. The gentleman has construed the
law erroneously. He has acted honestly and
fairly, I do not doubt. I do not charge upon any
of the gentlemen as having any such motive as the
one I have been speaking of. He has made no
statement bearing it out. Every one knows there j
has been a powerful outside pressure to take care '
of Donelson & Armstrong, and others. That is
the point. And it has been intimated m the debate
upon this fl.Kir, that one of the reasons why those
gentlemen should have that contract, was that they
had rendered important services to their country.
I see it now sUired in newspapers—the Baltimore
Sun. and otheis—we hear it all around, that these
editors have been fighting for the Union against
the ultras, <£c.,.and for that reason they are en- j
deavored to lie pushed forward in the way now
proposed. You know, Mr. Speaker, that they i
have been, and are endeavoring themselves—in j
their editorials—to create theimpi ession that there ;
are a few ultra men—Disunionists, Secessionists,
Abolitionists, and others—opposed to their pa-
triotic effort to get into the Treasury. Why, if
that were really true, that the only guardians of
the public Treasury were a few ultra men, it would
tell badly for the country. But there is nothing
in it.
Mr. POLK. If the gentleman will allow me,
I cannot permit such a charge to be made without
the facts coming to light. 1 ask any member of
that committee whether Gideon &■ Co., or Donel-
son & Armstrong, ever made propositions to them j
for rlie public printing ? J will put another ques-
tion to them. I ask these men—the gentleman
ftom North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] is one of
them—(and if we have to yo into this fight, we will j
contend brow to brow, and bosom to bosom)—if
the editor of the Southern Press did not approach j
that committee with a proposition to divide the
spoils, hut could not get it?
Mr, CLINGMAN. I know nothing about it;
but the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorma.v]
.stated the other day that the editor of the South-
ern Press did not make any proposition to the
committee.
Mr. POLK. Let any member of the commit- 1
tee answer my questions. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not care anything '
about it. The gentleman is endeavoring to get!
me upon a point to which I attach no weight. I j
 m opposed to the giving of that prmiirg to the |
Southern Press, Union, or any other political !
press.
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentleman will, in this .
connection, allow a member of the Printing Com- |
mittee—the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stan-
ton]—to slate the facts. ;
Mr. S PANTON, of Kentucky, "With thegen- ■
tleman^ permission  " i
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will, in a moment. I !
will give the gentleman an opportunity. I desire .
now to state what I understand lo he the operation
here. Itmiy be that the editor of the Southern
Pre^s applied. I do noteare if he did. The gen-,
rjeman from Indiana s^id that he did not. That ■
is a matter herween the gentlemen. I am not the ;
represent five of the Southern Press, but I fully ;
concur with tne gentleman from South Carolina. |
Mr. GORMAN. He made no proposition to
me. He made no proposition that I know of,
Mr. CLINGMAN. i know nothing about it.
That is a matter between the gentlemen. What I
was speaking of when interrupted, Mr. Speaker,
was the obvious effort made upon the part of the
editors of the journals here interested to create the
impression in the House—and we hear it all
around the Hall—every one knows the attempt is
being made—to force the measure through under
that idea to enable them to get into the Treasury—
under the idea that they had been performing im-
portant service in the saving of the Union, and
making war upon extreme men. Gentlemen here
press them forward underthat idea. There ishardly
a newspaper in which you do not see something
about it. Look in the morning papers at the puifs
which go out to the country. Look at the effort
made to get up a strong impression in behalf of
those individuals under the idea that they have
performed patriotic public service. Now, to give
you, Mr. Speaker, a notion of how high the ser-
vices they have rendered are in the estimation of
those who are pressing their claim here, let me
state a case. Suppose a soldier had been in every
battle of our late war with Great Britain, and
brought away honorable scars—suppose that he
had gone with Scott's column to Mexico, that he
had fought at Buena Vista--that he had partici-
pated in all of the conflicts in Mexico, and I
should introduce a proposition to give that man ten
or twenty thousand dollars out of thepublicTreas-
ury, howwoulu it be received? It would be voted
down at once. Unless I could show that he had
actually been disabled in the public service, there
is not a committee in this House which would
vote to give him a dollar. No, sir, not one!
They would not put nim upon the pension roll.
If I were to introduce a proposition to give a
man who had struggled against a foreign ene-
my in any way, or a man who had filled all
the civil departments of the Government, from
the President down to the lowest, and who was
now in poverty, a few thousand dollars out
of the public Treasury, it would be voted down
at once. Well, then, how grand must have been
the services those two organs performed for the
country to justify gentlemen in pressing their
claims here upon that ground! They will make
$100,000, $200,000, or $300,000 if they get the
printing. Statements vary. According to a state-
ment of Mr. Rives, from one class of printing
alone—the census printing—they would, if 100,000
copies were printed, and the prices given as pro-
posed, make nearly $1,000,000! I will tell you,
Mr. Speaker, what I think we ought to do if this
contract system cannot be carried out, and 1 have
great doubts as to whether it can. Let us try the
experiment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doty,] of a national establishment. I do
not speak with reference to the details of his bill,
as I have not sufficiently examined them. Let us
appoint some man with a salary of $2,000 or
$3,000, and let hiwi hire workmen to do the public
printing. Let us make that experiment. If you
do that,, you separate the press from the political
control of this House. I am willing to start
there. This is an additional reason why this
matter should go to the Judiciary Committee. 1
hope that committee will report some system
which will take from the Government, and every
part of the Government, the control over the news-
paper press. That can easily be done. Let it be
provided that the paper in which are to be pub-
lished the laws and advertisements shall be se-
lected solely with reference to the largest circu-
lation. The result would be that no party could
exercise any contiol over the press.
The press is one of the great estates of this coun-
try. Every gentleman admits that it oujrht to be
independent; but if the Government is able to con-
trol it here at the centre, the administration that
happened to be in power could control it to a great
extent, in all the States. Papers are selected upon
the principle of favoritism, in which to publish
the laws. Advertisements, and such favors,
are extended to such papers as may agree
in sentiment with the administration in power.
By selecting a few leading papeis at different
points, to which they give these crumbs, they are
enabled to control their party press. Now, that
whole thing is wrong. For example: Every pa-
per in this country, employed to print the laws
and advertisements, should not be a Whig paper.
There is no reason why a Democratic paper should
not have them sometimes. If the Democratic
party come into power, it is wrong that Whig
newspapers shall be excluded from every adver-
tisement, and the publication of the laws. Every
one will admit that. Let us then rid Congress of
all control over the printing here, and pass proper
laws, either such as I suggest, to make the print-
ing depend upon the circulation* or do something
else to remove control over the press, if possible.
Then you will have an independent press, and the
people will have a chance to get at the truth. I
have occupied ten times as much of the time of the
House as I had intended. My object was simply
to throw out a few observations. I have been led
away by questions of gentlemen upon the other
side. I want to know from the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Polk] whether he desires me to
renew his motion, which I promised to do?
Mr. POLK. I consented to withdraw it on the
condition that it should be renewed. I expect the
gentleman to renew it.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I, then, feel bound by my
promise to renew it. I move to lay the whole
matter upon the table, and upon that motion de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope thegentle-
man from North Carolina will withdraw that
motion. I have but a very few remarks to make
upon this subject, which 1 desire to make at this
time.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, I wish to ad-
dress the House upon this subject also.
Mr. POLK. I relieve the gentleman from North
Carolina from any obligation to renew-my motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion I have just made.
Mr. JONES. I have, Mr. Speaker, but a very
few remarks to make upon this subject, and I de-
sire to make those in justification of the vote 1 ex-
pect to give upon this occasion. I expect to vote
to lay this whole matter upon the table. How-
ever we may ditfer as to who should execute this
work, whether Whig, Democrat, or Free-Soiler,
or Southern Rights man, I think every gentle-
man upon this floor has arrived at the same con-
clusion to which I have been irresistibly forced—
and that is, that the present contractor, A.Boyd
Hamilton, cannot execute the contract he has
made with Congress to do the public printing. I
do not say this to prejudice his case, or out of
any disrespect to him. I would much have
preferred that he had obtained this contract upon
terms which would have enabled him to exe-
cute it as it should have been,—without Joss, but
with a fair equivalent for the time and labor
devoted to its execution. Then, if that is so, if
Congress are satisfied that the present contractor
cannot execute the work, something is required to
be done in order that it shall be executed. We
have Executive communications made to us from
the first to almost the last day of the session. It
is important that these documents should bein the
hands of the Representatives of the people, to en-
able them to legislate understanding^ for the ben-
efit of the country. It is important, then, that
this work should be done; and if the present con-
tractor cannot do it, something should be done by
which the printing may be executed. The Joint
Committee upon Printing of the two Houses, in
the exercise of a power which they believe is vested
in them by the joint resolution of 1846, have pro-
posed to give this work—a portion of it to one
firm, and a portion to another firm of this city.
What is the objection to their doing this under
these circumstances? Why, the great objection
here to giving the work to Donelson & Arm-
strong—that ordered to be printed by the House—
is, I believe, that they are Democrats. That, sir,
is the only objection I have heard urged agamst
them; but, Mr. Speaker, in the sincerity of my
heart, I say to you, and this House, that it is no
objection with me.
Mr. ORR. As one of those who object, I de-
sire to say, that the price has as much to do with
my objection, and more, than politics.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would also say that my
objection is not based upon politics.
Mr. JONES. The ptincipal objection urged
against Gideon & Co. is, I believe, thet they are
Whigs. That would be a pretty good one with
me, if I had the distribution of this patronage, if
it may be so called. This is known, I presume,
to a majority of those who occupy seats upon
