1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
dent to appoint, by and with the advice and consent |
of the Senate, a register and receiver of the public
moneys for each of said districts, who shall be
required respectively to reside at the seat of said
offices, and perform the duties and receive the
compensation prescribed by law in relation to other
land offices; and if it should be found necessary
to establish satd districts during the recess of Con-
gress, the ('resident is authorized to appoint such
officers until the end of the next session of Con-
gress: provided, however, that the act shall not
go into effect until at least six months after its
passage. It further proposes to direct the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to transfer
all papers, &c., which may be necessary for the
sale of the public lands, to the offices thereby con-
stituted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time and passed.
RILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill to constitute Alton, in the
State of Illinois, a port of delivery, was read a
third time and passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LAWS AND DEBATES
OF CONGRESS.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the distribution of the laws of Con-
gress and the debates thereon, was read a firstand
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library, as follows;
Joint resolution piovidiug for the distribution ofthc laws of
Congress and the debates thereon.
With a view to the cheap circulation of the laws of Con-
gress and the debates contributing to tl e true interpretation
thereof, and to u al<e free the communication between the
representative and constituent bodies:
Resolval ly the Senate and Housd&f Representatives of
Ike United St a tes of Jjmerica in Congress assembled, That
from and after lite preseotsossion of Oonirrc-^ the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, which contain the laws and the
debates thereon, shall pass nee through the inaiN so long
ay the same shall be published by order of Congjess : Pro-
tided, That nothing herein shall be construed to authorize
the circulation of the Daily Globe free of postage.
THE ISTHMUS OF TEIIUA NTE PEC.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr, M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 19th instant, requesting: the
correspondence between the Government of the
United Stales and that of the Mexican Republic,
respecting a right of way across the Isthmus of
Tehua^tepec, a report from the Department of
State, and the documents by which it wns accom-
panied.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the message and
documents were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
SECRETARY OF THE CENSUS BOARD.
Mr. DAVIS asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a joint resolu-
tion, explanatory of an ad supplementary to the
act approved 23d of May, 1850; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS. It is my purpose to moveto com-
mit this resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, if the Senate think it necessary. It is sim-
ply explanatory of a law which was passed a few
days since, which is within the knowledge of
many gentlemen. It is simply to give a construc-
tion to that act. If it is thought necessary, I will
move to refer it to the Committee on the Judici-
ary.
Mr. BUT1/ER. I was not the member of the
committee who reported the bill which this joint
resolution proposes to explain and amend, and
therefore, perhaps, T ought not to speak; but the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts conferred
with me, and it seems very obvious to me that the
joint resolution ought to pass; that is, if iMr.
Whittlesey is at liberty to give the construction to
that act which may be insisted upon. It will give
the clerk of the Census Board $5,500 instead of
$2,500 or $3,000, if that act is not explained ac-
cording to my clear understanding of how much
he ought to be paid. I think the joint resolution
ought to pass without any reference.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the second reading of
the joint lesolution now, I think it ought to pass,
for the reason suggested by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, and ought to pass promptly.
I desire that the joint resolution may be read, that
the Senate may see what it is.
The resolution was read as follows: I
Resolved, fyc., That the third section ot the act entitled
'An act supplementary to an act providing for the taking
* of the Seventh ami Mibsequent Censure* of the United
4 State*, and to fi* the number of the members of the
< House ot Representatives, and provide (or their future
'apportionment among the several States,' approved 23d of
May, 1850, be so eonsliued that' no allowance a* compen-
sation shall he allowed to any person for constructive oi
any other service rendered as Secietary to the Census Board
alter the 1st day of June, 1850. "
The joint resolution was read a second time, by
unanimous consent,and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I would remark, that in the act
which we passed concerning the representation of
California, the subject of the census of that State
was under consideration: and there is in that act
a third section to which this resolution applies. I
have not that section before me, but 1 have the
original act, and can make myself understood
from it. The twentieth section of the act of May,
3850, is as follows:
•'That for the purpose of carrying into effect this act,
and dehaymg the preliminary expenses, there is hereby ap-
propnated out o! any money in the Treasury, nototheiwise
appropriated, .«!.>'),0 >o, out of which the said riocrutaiy of
the Interior may allow to the per>on employed asSecretaiy
of the Census'Board, a compensation alter the rate of
$3,U0J per annum during the petiod he has been in employ-
ment."
The third section of the act, which we passed
a short time ago, strikes out the words "has
been," and mseits u may necessanly be." I am
told that under that amendment there has been a
claim putin for double pay; first, of Superintend-
ing Clerk of the Census, and then of Secretary of
the Census Board. Iam informed that this Su-
perintending1 Clerk, who was also Secretary of the
Census Board, was allowed after the rate of
$3,000 a yeai, up to the 1st day of June, 1850,
when the census was required to be taken, that
being the day fixed for the examination by the
act of May 23, 1850. This act prescribes in an-
other section, that the Superintending Clerk shall
have a salary after the rate of $2,500 a year. Now,
upon what authority of right or for what service
rendered to the Census Board, a claim in addition
to the $2,500 can be sustained is beyond my com-
prehension;buttheamendment was made for some
purpose, and must relate to this officer, since the
amended section refers to his compensation as
Secretary of the Census Board, and nothing else.
[ reported the act of 1350 under the direction of
the committee, and it was not our purpose, or that
of the Senate, to assign to this officer two distinct
duties, or to give him compensation for two offi-
ces. The act was so framed as to limit the com-
pensation of the Secretary of the Census Board
to the post, and to transfer his duties, if any re-
mained, to the Superintending Clerk. No other
construction can be put upon the act, and hence
the necessity of amending tt before extra pay can
be allowed. Nothing is plainer than that this Su-
perintending Clerk was to have the entire superin-
tendence of the census, under the Secretary of the
Interior, and that the office of Secretary of the
Board was abolished by the appointment of such
a clerk.
I doubt if the Census Board has ever had a
meeting from the 1st day of June, 1850, to this
day, or has had anything to do. All the busi-
ness confided to them was, in the first place,
to prepare blank forms; and they were subse-
quently directed to have the preliminary papers
printed. They were in process of printing at the
time the bill passed, and they were directed in that
bill to continue the care of this printing until it
was completed. No other duty was ever assigned
to them that I am aware of. If it be possible,
under the amended act, to give the construction to
U which has been intimated, 1 think it is the duty
of the Senate to say that they did not mean to sanc-
tion the existence of the two offices. No duties
remained for the Secretary of the Board to per-
form which did not, as was intended, devolve upon
the Superintending Clerk, and for which he is fully
and liberally paid by his salary.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
EXPEDITION DOWN THE YUNI AND COLO-
RADO RIVERS.
Mr. GWIN* offered the following resolution,
and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the War Department
transmit to the Senate, as soon as practicable, a copy of
the expedition down the Yuni and the Ooloiado, under the
command of Captain .Sitgreaves, corps of Topographical
Engineers, and of the map-s belonging thereto; al o the
sketches and views and illustrations of Jndian customs,
Mr. ATCHISON. I would like to have that
matter explained. 1 do not know what it is; but
from all I can now gather, it appears to me to be
designed to bring about the printing of another
book by the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to know on what
authority the Senator says this is designed to bring
about the printing of a book. It was sent to me
by the head of the Topographical Bureau, stating
that it contained important information. I know
as little about it as the Senator from Missouri;
but take it for granted that Colonel Abert would
not bring this matter here, or have sent it to me,
unless it contained important information. He
sent it to me with a note, requesting that it might
be considered by the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I think it is prema-
ture to consider it at this time. I expected that
the Senator from California would be able to give
us some information. I do not know to what ex-
tent this matter maygo. I do not know anything
about it, or what it would cost to print it.
Mr. GYVIN. When the communication comes
before the Senate, that will then be a question for
consideration. The question of printing is not
now before the Senate. The simple fact is this:
That one of the officers of the Government has
made an exploration of a portion of the territory
of the United States not hitherto explored, and
has prepared a statement of its results. We ask
to have this communicated to us. Whether it is
sufficiently useful to go to the expense of printing
it is a question to be decided hereafter.
Mr. MASON. I am as much opposed to this
system of printing books as any Senator present;
but 1 am decidedly of opinion that where explora-
tions have been made by intelligent officers of the
Army and Navy over portions of the American
continent not hitherto explored, I think we can-
not better expend a reasonable sum of the public
money than by printing and diffusing that inform-
ation. I never heard of this before, and sup-
pose that it is of that character, and I shall readily
agree to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senate to take up the
resolution which I offered yesterday, and on the
question of taking it up I wish to say a word.
In asking the Senate to take up this resolution
for consideration, I say nothing of its merits, nor
of the argument by which it may be maintained;
nor do I anticipate any objection to it on these
grounds. All this will properly belong to the dis-
cussion of the resolution itself, when it is actually
before the Senate. The single question now is—
not the resolution—but whether I shall be heard
upon it. As a Senator, under the responsibilities
of my position, I have deemed it my duty to offer
this resolution. I may seem to have postponed
this duty to an inconvenient period of the session;
but, had I attempted it at an earlier day, I might
then have exposed myself to a charge of a differ-
ent character. It might then have been said, that
a new-comer, and inexperienced in the scene,
without deliberation, hastily, rashly, recklessly,
I pushed tins question before the country. This
is not the case now. I have taken time, and, in
the exercise of my most careful discretion, now
ask for it the attention of the Senate. I shrink
from any appeal founded on a trivial personal con-
sideration; but, should I be blamed for any delay
latterly, 1 may add, that, though in my seat daily,
my bodily health for some time past down to this
very week, has not been equal to the service I
have undertaken. I am not sure that it is now.
But I desire to try.
And now7, again, I say the question is simply,
whether I shall be heard. In allowing me this
privilege—this right, I may say—you do not com-
mit yourselves in any way to the principle of the
resolution; you merely follow the ordinary usage
of the Senate, and yield to a brother Senator the
opportunity which he craves, in the practical dis-
charge of his duty, to express convictions dear to
his heart, and dear to large numbers of his constit-
uents. For the sake of those constituents, for my
own sake, I now desire to be heard. Make such
disposition of my resolution afterwards as to you
