1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the other side of this Hall. I have said that I
expected, or intended, to vote to lay this whole
subject upon the table. I intend to so vote that
this committee may have this work executed; and
I hope that they will not stop at that. ; I hope that
that committee will report to this Blouse, and to
the Senate, a proposition to repeal the joint reso-
lution of 1846, providing for this contract system.
I voted for that contract system, and I am satis-
fied that it has proved an utter failure. 1 am sat-
isfied that it will not work well; and, so long as it
is continued, and remains upon your statute book,
that it will prove a fruitful source of discord, con-
tention, and strife, in both ends of the Capitol. X
hope that the committee will not stop at the point
merely, of repealing this system, but that they
will investigate this question, and consult with
honest men, who are practical printers, in regard
to it. There are printers by trade in this, and the
other House. There are others in this city, and
in the cities adjacent to this Capitol. I hope that
committee will investigate this subject, and report
to this House a bill establishing the prices for the
public printing; and, that that being done, I hope
that each House will elect its own printer. We
can establish the prices, and we will have no indi-
viduals before us for whom we should vote favor
at the time. Then let each House elect its print-
er, and let him do the work. Leteach House, for
itself, through its committee, superintend the qual-
ity of paper, and the execution of the work, and
report, from time to time, if it is according to the
law, or the conditions which the law may require.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] says, let
the House buy the paper. I would have no ob-
jection to that; but, as a commentary upon this
House buying paper, walk into the room adjoin-
ing the post office, where each member is supplied
with stationery. It is done upon this low-bid
system—this contract system.
The contractors furnish samples when they bid,
to the Clerk of the House and the Secretary of the
Senate, and these gentlemen say that they hardly
ever furnish an article equal to the sample. If you
are going to buy the paper, send your agent into
the market, as you would go yourselves, to select
the material, and when he finds an article suitable
for the purpose, let him purchase it at a fair price,
and not offer a bonus to dishonest men to swindle
the Government. Then, suppose this should be
done. First, [ will say that I am opposed to this
printing bureau project. I think that it will be one
of the most fruitful sources of favoritism and
abuse that can be conceived and carried into prac-
tice. ,How will you fix the compensation of the
hands, who are'to work in this great printing
establishment of the United States? There are
printers scattered all over this country. I believe
they have printers in every Congressional district
in the United States, except that of my friend
from Accomac, [Mr. Bayly,] [Laughter,] and
members of this House and the other House 
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman has referred to
a fact, which has been very often referred to in
this House, that the district I represent, with
twelve counties in it, has not a newspaper in it.
[Laughter.] I am happy to admit that such is
the fact. We have no large towns in that district,
and I regard as a great nuisance a village press.
The reason that such presses cannot live in my
district is, that my people are a well-educated and
thrifty people, and they prefer to take metropol-
itan and city papers, which are well edited, to
taking little miserable village papers. I will lay a
wager, [cries of " Oh, no ! oh, no !" and laughter,]
I will venture the assertion then, [laughter,] that
there are more Intelligencers, more Unions, more
Enquirers and Whigs, leading political papers,
taken in my district, than in any country district
represented upon this floor.
Mr. JONES, The gentleman says that his
towns are small, and will not support a paper. If
you establish this printing bureau, there will not
be a district represented upon this floor, but what
will have some of these small towns unable to sup-
port the printer, and he will be brought here per-
haps for his partisan services to his friends, and
forced into that bureau. He will not come here
to do work. He will come here to be quartered
upon the Government, and in all probability you
will have five times as many of these printers here,
as John C. Rives would have in his establishment,
or any other good printer, to do the sameamount
of work. You would have continual applications
here to increase the compensation, for extra com-
pensation, and all sorts of propositions would be
brought forward here from that establishment.
These are a few of the evils, which 1 think would
result from it, and which determine me uncom-
promisingly against having that work executed in
such a manner. I desire that the prices shall be
fixed, and, when fixed, that each House shall elect
its own printer. In my opinion it is the very best
system which can he adopted, and the only one
which will work well. You ask me for whom I
would vote, if this question were to come on now?
I have no hesitation in saying it here, and to the
world, that 1 would vote for Donelson & Arm-
strong. Are there any more worthy or better men
in this country than they are? I ask the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man,] who addressed the House thismorning, and
I ask also my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] if he was here, and in the majority, and
this printing was to be given out, would he not
vote for those who agree with either one or the
other of them, as the case may be? I would my-
self, and I have no doubt 
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will al-
low me, I will answer the gentleman's question.
I admit, if you had by law the right to elect a
printer, and were obliged to elect him, that gentle-
man and myself might vote for our friends; but I
am opposed to the system, because I think it a bad
one; and I am especially opposed, while we have
another system in operation under the law, to re-
sorting to this system in violation of the law.
Mr. JONES. I object to this system, because
we are fighting about the prices and about indi-
viduals at the same time. Let us fix the prices
when we have no individuals before us, and then
let us contest the matter, who they shall be, when
we have settled upon the prices.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. If thegentleman will allow
me, I will beg leave to remind him, that when Con-
gress have, in two or three instances—he will rec-
ollect the case of Gales & Seaton—fixed the prices
and elected the printer, and he has agreed to do
the printing at those prices, that his friends, being
in power, have come in at the end of the session
and enlarged the prices, just as they attempted to
do with Mr. Ritchie.
Mr. JONES. These were your political friends
when they had the power.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 am not justifying it, and
I am only reminding the gentleman that his sug-
gestion will not answer the purpose. It was done
by the Whigs, and was attempted to be done by
the Democrats, and would have been done in the
last Congress, but for a few outsiders who de-
feated it.
Mr. JONES. There was a law, as the gentle-
man will recollect, fixing the price for the printing
of Congress. When this House came to elect a
printer, they fixed it in the resolution which pro-
vided for the election of a printer that he should
do the work at fifteen percent,, I believe, less than
the prices of 1S19. After he had executed the
work, at the close of the Twenty-seventh Con-
gress, his friends came forward and said that the
House could not repeal a law by its own action,
and deprive him of the prices designated by law.
The case will be different if you fix the prices by
law, and elect a printer under that law. But I have
said that I would vote for Donelson & Armstrong.
I ask gentlemen here, every one of them, to say,
when they come to elpct a printer, if they would
not do the same thing, and vote for the men who
concurred with them in political opinions and prin-
ciples—who were not only thus situated towards
them, but were their personal as well as political
friends? I take it that there is no man upon this
floor who will say nay to that proposition. Then,
I ask gentlemen, what objection can those of us,
at least those who claim to be Democrats, who are
of the compromise school of Democrats as desig-
nated at present, have to voting for Donelson & Arm-
strong? Major Donelson is not only well known
to this Congress, but to the country. He has oc-
cupied various important public political trusts
under the Government, and I believe that his es-
cutcheon is untarnished by the breath of slander,
or in any other way. He stands before the coun-
try as a man of honor and of integrity.
Now, sir, the other gentleman who is associated
with Major Donelson in the Union estaMishmeiu
of this city, is not so well known to this House
as Major Donelson; he is not, perhaps, so well
known to the country. J believe the inquiry has
been made in this House, " Who is General Arm-
strong?" At least the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] said he-did n/)t know ;hirn. '.Well,
Mr.Speaker, General Robert A-rmsirong-isanative
of the Slate of Tennessee,.from which I hail. He
has been raised, and has spent -his days, up. to stbe
time when he came on here, as a ein?.en of Ten-
nessee, and in all the relations of life, puMie and
private, his character and course have been marked
by an honor and integrity unsurpassed-fey that.of
any other man in that State, or m any oth«r*Sti%.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman itltow-
me to interrupt him for a moment ? J merely wait,
to say that my remarks certainly will not bear the
construction which the gentleman from Tennessee
seems t<> have put upon them.
Mr. JONES. Oh no; I did not say they would.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a great respect4br
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong personally. -I
tnink highly of thtm—very highly.
Mr. JON ES. 1 was referring to a remark made
some time since by thegentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] not now in his seat . .
Mr. GENTRY. Will my colleague allow me
to perform a pleasing duty m reference to the-gen-
tlenien of whom he is speaking?
Mr. JONES. Yes, I will yield the floor to my
colleague.
Mr. GENTRY. Not that these gentlemen
need any indorsement or certificate from me in
regard to their standing or character, but simply
from the fact that they are of adverse politics, I
volunteer to adopt all that my colleague has said
m relation to Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong, as
individual citizens.
Mr. JONES Mr. Speaker, General. Robert
Armstrong, from the days of his youth, was the
confidential and bosom friend of Andrew Jack-
son ; and that great and illustrious man—the
greatest of his age—when he came to lay down
his life, bequeathed that sword, with which he
achieved the glorious victory of the 8th of Janu-
ary, 1815, to this same humble individual, Gen-
eral Robert Armstrong, with the confident be-
lief in his breast, that it would ever I e wielded
by him to whom be had bequeathed it, in defense
uf that country, whose liberties he so cherished.
And, sir, as my colleague said, General Jarkson
never mistook a man. He always knew his man
before he intrusted him with his confidence.
But, sir, General Armstrong is not dependent
merely upon he friendship of General Jackson
for his histoiy and character. He wasatthe bat-
tle of Emuckfaw, in the Creek war of 1814, and
commanded one of the most gallant companies of
artillery that ever fought in the maintenance of
the rights of these United States. In that battle,
he fell, as was thought by some, mortally wound-
ed. His exclamation then, to those around htm
was, " Boys, don't give up the guns." This,
sir, is who'General Robert Armstrong is—a man
who stands before the country ana before the
world, of as high-souled honor, as unsullied in-
tegrity, as pure patriotism, and as sound dem-
ocracy^ any man in it.
Mr. FITCH. I feel some delicacy in saying
anything upon this subject. The charge of coali-
tion has been so freely made here, that 1 fear there
may be an attempt to make me a party to it.
Heretofore, however, I believe, it has only been
charged that the members of the committee, of
opposite politics, have coalesced, for certain pur-
poses of their own, and that, in the House, a
coalition has been 'brnied to defeat their action,
between the extremes upon both sides—the State-
Rights men and the Fiee-Stiileis. Now, as you
very well know, I occupy something of a conserv-
ative position. I am not among those who would
encourage runaway slaves on the one side, nor
am I, on the other side, among those who would
dissolve the Union because slaves will run away.
1 cannot, therefore, be properly classed with either
of these sectional parties, and I cannot, conse-
quently, be justly charged with being a party to
any coalition they may make. But I do not be-
lieve in this thing of a coalition so suddenly de-
veloping itself here, in the House. Its existence
is imaginary.
I wish, very briefly, to give a view of the action
of this committee from a point different from that
presented by my colleague, [.Mr. Gokmak,] the
chairman of the Committee on Printings and it is
because the chairman of the committee is wy
