1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
shall seem best; visit upon me any degree of criti- |
cism, censure, or displeasure; but do not deprive j
me of a hearing. " Strike, but hear." :
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sen- ;
atoris, I presume, to postpone the prior orders, I
with the view of taking up that resolution. I
Mr. SUMNER. It'is. |
Mr. MASON. It is the undoubted right of
every Senator to introduce into this body any sub-
ject which, in his judgment, is appropriate to the
occasion; but there is a correlative right on the
part of the Senate to consider it, or not, as they
think proper. Now, f object to the consideration ;
of this resolution at this time; but from no (lis- '
courtesy to the gentleman who has introduced it; '
from no objection, at a proper time, to consider '
the question involved in the resolution, if any
gentleman here, on his Senatorial responsibility,
chooses to bring it up; but I object to it, because
it is manifest, at this late period of the session, :
that the Senate can give it no further consideration
than to hear the remarks of the Senator who m- •
troduces it. It is not, therefore, introduced for
any practical object; and because of its disturbing
chaiacter—because, whenever it does come before
the Senate, it comes in the form of a fire-brand, I j
will say, that till the Senate is prepared to con- ;
aider it, and pass upon it, I object to its consider- ■
ation; and upon the question of taking up the !
resolution, I ask for the yeas and nays. ,
The yeas and naj'S were ordered.
Mr. BROOKE. I merely wish to state, Mr.
President, that the State which I l ave the honor,
in part, to represent upon this floor, an l also the
State that is so worthily represented by my friend
who sits on my left, [Mr. Ciiarlton,] stand in a
peculiar attitude in reference to this question. Both
of these States have in the most solemn manner, by
means of conventions—not mere party conven-
tions, but conventions assembled by requisition of
their Legislatures—declared in the most solemn
and emphatic manner that the repeal, or essential
modification, of the fugitive slave law shall be re-
garded by them as a sufficient cause for the disso-
lution of this Union. This, sir, is no idle threat.
It is a threat which I believe will certainly be car-
ried into execution with the full concurrence of the
whole South whenever that act shall be done.
Then, sir, I can regard this proposition as no less
than to instruct the Committee on the Judiciary
to bring in a bill to dissolve this Union; and I can-
not consent—courtesy or no courtesy—that such
a question should be mooted at this late day of
the session. Sir, we in the State of Mississippi
do not regard this fugitive slave law as of any es-
sential benefit to us. Our negroes in the State of
Mississippi seldom, if ever, escape to the north-
ern States; and when they do escape, we consider
the time, and trouble, and expense of recaptuiing
them as being more than they are worth.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi must be aware that the resolution is not
under consideration.
Mr. BROOKE. I am aware, Mr. President,
that it is not; and 1 am giving reasons why it
should not be taken up.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not enter-
ing into the merits of the resolution ?
Mr. BROOKE. No, sir. As I was remarking,
we do not regard this law as having any merits
so far as we, in Mississippi, are concerned; but
its repeal would be an act of bad faith—an act
showing that no faith can or will be kept by our
northern brethren with us; and we contend that a
Union preserved under such circumstances, would
be worse than no Union at all. Hence 1 am op-
posed that, at this stage of the session, a question
so momentious should be brought before us. I
disclaim any intention to exhibit a want of cour-
tesy towards the Senator from Massachusetts in
refusing my vote to take up this resolution, and I
think I have given reasons which should he satis-
factory. I therefore move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table.
' Mr. CHARLTON. Will the Senator from
Mississippi withdraw that motion for a moment?
I will renew it.
Mr. BROOKE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CHARLTON. Mr. President, it is my
misfortune to have differed with the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts on another occasion,
as well as to do so on this occasion,on a question
of the courtesy of this House, i am sorry to do
it; for it would give me great pleasure to be able
to offer any courtesy to that gentleman. But the
question before us is something more than a ques-
tion of couitesy. It is a question, as the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brooke] has just said, of
vital importance to this Union,and particularly to
the Siate which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. Mr. President, look at the position of af-
fairs in this body. Your tables are now loaded
with bills, bills of a most important and necessary
character; appropriation bills, bills necessary for
the purpose of carrying on the machinery of our
Government; and ail these must stand still that a
resolution may be debated, which will have the
effect, if it have any effect at all, to rend m pieces
this Union. I say rend in pieces, for the State of
Georgia stands pledged that the moment the fugi-
tive slave law is repealed, come what will, come
what may, at once to dissolve the ties which she
owes to it; and having thrown down that gauntlet,
neither I nor any of my constituents will be willing
to recede from it.
If the Senator from Massachusetts will look a
little, and only a little beyond Ins own coast, he
will see the humiliating spectacle of the star-span-
gled banner—-I will not say trailing in the dust—
but at half-mast, and the crew and captain of a
vessel in charge of one of the captains of a national
vessel of Great Britain. And if he turns his atten-
tion back from that humiliating spectacle to this
Chamber, he will see every Senator ready to pro-
tect the interest of the country and the property of
his constituents; he will see every one ready, dis-
regarding every sectional prejudice and feeling, to
give his property and his blood for the protection
of the property of citizens of any portion of this
Confederacy.
Just at tins time, when we know where the brunt
of this war is to fall, if there be a war, we know
our condition upon our southern borders; but we
do not look at those consequences when the in-
terests of the Confederacy are at stake, and we are
willing to sacritice everything for the good of this
glorious Union. Just at this time, when we are
ready to make any sacrifice which the Union calls
for from us, he asks us to break down the only
guard for the protection of our property; he asks
us to hold ourselves recrpant to our own rights,
i and take up this resolution to the disregard of the
! great mass of business which we are called upon
I by our constituents to perform.
1 I am ready to consider the question involved in
1 the resolution when it comes up m its order. 1 do
• not wish to gag the gentleman. I feel a personal
j respect for him, and 1 am willing to extend every
courtesy to hnn which is reasonable; but there is
: a bound beyond which courtesy may not extend.
I It is my good fortune to be a Union Democrat,
' and 1 am not ashamed of my position. I know
1 that I, as well as a great body of men with whom
' I was associated m Georgia, have been held up to
scorn and reproach, because we were willing to
! abide by the compromise, the fugitive slave law
being a prominent feature of it. We weie willing
to take it. We did not atop to consider whether
1 full justice had been done to us, but we saw in the
effort to come to a compromise, a returning sense
; of justice, and we were not willing to cut loose
1 from the glorious bond that held us to the north-
ern Democracy, who had stood by us through
good and through evil report. We were ready to
1 do battle for the star-spangled banner whilst this
compromise was respected by the North, but that
, was the extent to which we were willing to go.
1 As I have said, we adopted the compromise as
a peace-offering. Repeal the fugitive slave law
and we aie absolved; break that, and Georgia is
not true to herself if she continues dishonored in
■ this Confederacy. Let them class me as they
please, I am a Union Democrat. I love this glo-
rious Confederacy; it would bring tears to my
eyes to have it dissolved. I love it, and I look
upon it as a last trial of an experiment to show
1 that a free people can govern themselves. There
was an old prophecy relating to Rome, " when
stands the Coliseum Rome will stand, when falls
the Coliseum Rome will fall, and when Rome falls,
; the world.'' But still I am unwilling to go one
i inch beyond the line which has been drawn. Why
should I, upon any principle of personal courtesy,
vote to allow a resolution to be taken up which is
! i either useless or worse than useless ? For it is use-
/ less, if it is merely to spend thetime of the Senate
l! upon a subject in listening to its discussion, when
l! we do not intend to act upon it; and it is worse
than useless if its effect will be to dissolve this
Union. Shall t vote for it? No; I will not. I
tell the Senator from Massachusetts that I mean
no personal disrespect to him. I have known him
long, and I acknowledge that I have received
courtesies from him; but on a question of this
character, where the interests of my State are con-
cerned, I should feel myself recreant to my State
and to myself, if I should vote for it. And i say,
in the face of this nation, that if the fugitive slave
law is repealed, then the gentleman may say, as I
would say, " My native land, good night;" good
night to all your prosperity and to all your great-
ness, and come what, will, come what may, " we
have exhausted the argument, and we will stand
by our arms."
Mr. GWIN. I move that this subject be laid
on the table, for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. PRATT. But the yeas and nays have
been ordered on the question of taking up the
resolution, and I desire to have them.
Mr. GWIN. Then I withdraw my motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not know that I under-
stand the question before the Senate, Mr. Presi-
dent, havinsr just come in.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] to postpone the previous orders for the
purpose of taking up the resolution he offered yes-
terday.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask for the reading of
the resolution by the Secretary.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Ilesul ed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to consider the e\pt'die ey of reporting a bill for
the immediate rep#d oi the act of Cong!e>>, approved
September 18, 1850, usually known as iho ' fugitive slave
net.'
Mr. Sll fELDS. As a member of this body I
am decidedly opposed to that resolution, and shall
vote against it whenever it comes up for discus-
sion. But that is not the question now, and it
occurs to me that Senators have attached too much
importance to the motion which is really before
the Senate.
I felt that there was great force in the observa-
tions which fell from the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] yesterday. There was very great
force in what that Senator observed, that the
resolution being brought in at this late stage of
the session, at a time when we are almost over-
whelmed with business, it could not be considered
by the Senate—no opportunity for reply being
afforded. The principle involved by the resolu-
tion being a mere abstract question—for such I
hold it to be now—and the resolution itself being
merely introduced in order to give the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] an oppor-
tunity of addressing the Senate, I think it is a
great pity that the time of the Senate should be
wasted by it now. I regret that the Senator has
deemed it necessary to his position, or to himself,
to bring such a resolution forward; but having
done so, the only question is whether you will
permit him to be heard or not. Will you deprive
a member of this body of the right of expressing
his views on a subject that, for ought we know,
may interest him? Will you compel him to be
silent5
I have sat in this Senate, and have listened to
treason, uttered by honorable Senators, and yet
we have listened patiently; and I ask Senators
from the South to consider whether anything will
be gained by preventing a gentleman from being
heard on a question like this. Can we gam any-
thing by stifling his voice on this subject? I am
as decidedly opposed to theagitation of this ques-
tion as any Senator in this body, and while I shall
vote against any law to modify or change the fu-
gitive slave act, unless it be found defective in its
operation, and with a view to strengthen it, yet if
there is a motion made to lay the resolution on the
table, I shall vote against laying it on the table.
T will hear what the gentleman has to say; and
more than that, I have a peculiar curiosity at this
stage of affairs in our country to hear what this
third party has to say, so that we may know how
they are to stand in the coming presidential corn-
iest. I take it that the Senator from Massachu-
setts means to give an expose of their views and
intended proceedings. I want that third party
formed, for one, and I would not stifle it for a mo-
