1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
ment. I will give it all the encouragement I can.
i want men to be classified in the coming election,
and that those in the northern States, my own as
well as the rest, may be so classified, in order
that we may know how many are disposed to
favor the repeal of the fugitive slave law. We
shall lose nothing, in my opinion, by a classifica-
tion.
I shall vote against the resolution itself, and
against any reagitation of this question; but, at
the same time, I mean never to give a vote to pre-
vent any gentleman from being heard in this body.
Let him come from what quarter he may, I will
hear him, whatever he may choose to say. I
would, therefore, suggest that the honorable Sen-
ator postpone his resolution and speech until Sat-
urday. it will interfere then with none of the
legitimate business. 1 hope we may all agree to
give the gentleman a hearing on that day. ! have
not the least idea that his speech will ever rend
the union of these States asunder. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I differ entirely
from the honorable Senator from Illinois with re-
gard to extending courtesy to a Senator here, to
speak on any subject which he chooses to present
before the Senate. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts were to introduce a resolution here to in-
stiuct the Committee on the Judiciary to inquiie
into the expediency of reporting a bill to dissolve
this Union, I should like to know whether the
Senator from Illinois would vote in favor of his
having an opportunity to speak on such a resolu-
tion ? Now, Mr. President, I recollect very dis-
tinctly, some ten yeais ago, that, upon the occa-
sion of a gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
John Gtumcy Adams) bringing forward a mem-
orial in the other House of Congress in favor of
dissolving this Union, there w<# a weeks' discus-
sion, and he was very nearly being expelled from
the House.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to say that a treasonable proposition—
a proposition openly and flagrantly treasonable—
of course this Senate should not entertain. I
should not vote for such a thing as that. I have
already said that I should not vote for this resolu-
tion. I shall vote against it, and against any bill
that may be brought in in favor of such a propo-
sition.
Mr. GWIN. Well, sir, I look upon the two
propositions as one and the same. I think that
the resolution which has been introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, proposing to instruct
the Judiciary Committee to report a bill to repeal
the fugitive slave law, is equivalent to introducing
a resolution to dissolve the Union; because we all
know that the repeal of that law would produce
that result. We have just heard it from the Sen-
ators from Mississippi and Georgia, that then-
States were bound to, and they would act upon it.
1 have no doubt that the repeal of that law would
dissolve the Union; and therefore, the introducing
of this resolution f look upon as equivalent to in-
troducing one to inquire into the expediency of
dissolving the Union; and hence, there is no de-
gree of courtesy I could be asked to extend to any
Senator, that would justify me, in my judgment,
as a representative of one of the States of this
Confederacy, in voting- in favor of this discus-
sion. Therefore, although f should desire to ex-
tend all reasonable courtesy to the Senator from
Massachusetts, I cannot comply with his request
in this case.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, like the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, I am anxious to be heard,
and I came into the Senate this morning after
riding the entire night, for the express purpose of
being heard—not upon the fugitive slave law, nor
upon any other question calculated to have effect
upon the pending presidential election. I make
my speeches on those subjects elsewhere,and come
here to make speeches upon practical subjects of
legislation. TheSenate postponed the bill to pro-
tect the emigrant route to Oregon and California,
with the amendments for a railroad to the Pacific,
yinul this day. The Committee on Territories
having reported the bill, and it having been post-
poned until to-day, I, as chairman of the committee,
expected to be called upon to explain its provisions;
and I do think that the subject of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean is a matter of more practical import-
ance to the nation, the people of the United States,
and the world, than a speech upon the fugitive
slave law. Hence, I shall insist upon adhering to
the practical matters of legislation before us, and
shall refuse tc extend any act of courtesy to any
gentleman to make a mere theoretical or a political
speech intended to operate upon the presidential
election, or fan the flames of discord that have so
recently divided this great people.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 suppose I may feel myself
included in the appeal which has been made to
gentlemen from the South, by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields;] but there is no man more
averse to this question of debate. 1 have said
here openly, and somewhat under the censure of
the Senate at the time 1 did so, that I would not be
compelled to vote fora measure which looked to
the suppression either of presenting petitions or of
the right of debate. I have long seen that efforts
to arrest agitation by attempting to exclude peti-
tions and close debate are vain. I know it will go
on. I believe the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts is pledged to agitate. However, that may
be beyond the matter; and, therefore, I would be
perfectly willing, as he is bound to do it, 1 sup-
pose, under very high obligations to his constitu-
ents, to give him leave at any time to speak on
this subject when the other side can be heard. A
fair field and a clear sky upon this subject, and I
fear nothing. But I feel myself embarrassed very
much by the peculiar altitude and the peculiar junc-
ture of affairs at this time; and I feel a conflict be-
tween a sense of duty—I may say a sense of duty
to every Senator—and courtesy. But, if this sub-
ject is taken up, the fact cannot be disguised that
the Senator himself will be bound to make allu-
sion to South Carolina and her laws 
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I shall be clear, per-
haps. [Laughter.] I do not know how it can
be discussed very well without some allusion of
the kind. However, I suppose the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would not like it to be
said that he has played the part of a parliament-
ary rhetorician here. I believe he would not like
it to be said of him, that he had risen to play the
orator before the Senate of the United States, and
to make a speech merely. If he intends anything
he ought to have before him, under the responsi-
bility of a Senator, and especially of a Senator
from Massachusetts, a dignity of purpose. And
does he intend to carry out the purpose of refer-
ring this to the Judiciary Committee, with a view
to have it acted upon ? Or is it merely a pretense
to give him an opportunity to make an oratorical
display before the Senate, and make the proceed-
ings of the Senate the vehicle of communication
for his speech throughout the United States, and
wash deeper and deeper thechannel through which
tlovv the angry waters of agitation already ?
If that is his object, I must be allowed to say,
when he undertakes to agitate, perhaps the true
current cannot be controlled, unless there is some
counteracting influence upon his speech. I say
this much to the gentleman himself. His speech
must have an influence. I suppose it is intended
to have an influence; and, therefore, I feel ex-
tremely embarrassed on this subject, as I have
heretofore said, that 1 did not intend to suppress
discussion or exclude petitions. I feel more em-
barrassed upon the vote I shall give than I have
upon almost any other subject, and 1 am inclined
to think that I shall not vote at all in reference to
the matter, but leave it to others to decide it.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, if this were
a mere question of courtesy, I apprehend I should
be as ready to extend it to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as any one here. But, while I will not
say that it rises above courtesy, and extends as
far as some Senators seem to consider it—the ques-
tion of the integrity of this Union—I will say that
it is a question materially affecting the practical
business before this body. We have recently
passed a resolution, after some considerable de-
bate, in which we have solemnly determined—we
have brought ourselves under a solemn obliga-
tion—that we will devote our time from this to
the last day of August, to the practical business
of the country, for which we were sent here, and
for want of which no one can deny that the coun-
try is to some extent suffering, and is destined to
suffer still more. For that reason, without un-
dertaking to give any other—deeming that suffi-
cient—I shall vote against the consideration of this
resolution at this time.
I think Senators have erred, to some extent in
supposing that we commit a discourtesy, or do
anything unusual in refusing to the Senator from
Massachusetts the taking up of hts resolution out
of its order at this time, and considering it. Noth-
ing is more common in the proceedings of this
body than to refuse to take up a question that is
not considered of practical importance, to the post-
ponement and exclusion of other matters which
all acknowledge to be matters of practical import-
ance, and which have precedence in the regular
order of business. I myself, although I have ex-
perienced the courtesy of the Senate m many in-
stances, have made motions to take up important
business which was before the Senate out of its
order, and have been refused. There is not a Sen-
ator, I apprehend, upon this floor, who has felt
interested in bills for his own State—if that be dis-
courtesy—who has not received discourtesy from
the hands of the Senate, upon asking to take up
business which the Senate recognized and acknow-
ledged to be of vital interest to the constituents of
the Senator making the proposition. But I have
never considered it a discourtesy. I have never
supposed that any other Senator considered it a
discourtesy to be lefused precedence for business
in which he took a special interest over all other
business. Why, then, should it be considered an
act of discourtesy to the Senator from Massachu-
setts? Why should it he considered anythingun-
usual to refuse now to take up and consider his
resolution, to the postponement and exclusion of
all the important business of the session, in the
very last month of the session, when everything
must necessarily be considered in some degree of
haste? Why should it be considered an act of
discourtesy to him to refuse to postpone every
other interest, however important, to take up and
consider that which I apprehend neither he him-
self nor any other Senator upon this floor would
eay is to have any practical operation here—cer-
tainly no beneficial operation—upon the business
which is pending before us, and which it is our
solemn duty to attend to, at this time, and attend
to assiduously.
There is, m my opinion, no disguising the fact,
that if this subject is discussed by one Senator, it
will call forth discussion from other Senators, and
there is no telling, when it is once open, when it
will be closed. Now, Mr. President, I appeal to
the two great parties who compose this Senate, as
the representatives of the American States,
whether, when we adopted the compromise meas-
ures so called, we did not make a solemn pledge,
and if both parties do not now stand pledged, not
only by their votes here but by their Conventions
recently held in a neighboring city, to pursue such
a course as shall keep out of the councils of the
nation and the public discussions of the country,
as far as they may be able to do so, all consider-
ation of this subject, which has always been agi-
tating to the country—which has always been
evil in its consequences, and dangerous to the in-
tegrity of this Union? I may say here, as I have
often said to my constituents, that to many of
those measures I was opposed. I am not going,
Mr. President, into a discussion of their merits.
1 simply wish to state my position. When those
measures were passed by constitutional majorities
in the two Houses of Congress, and received the
official sanction of the President of the United
States, whatever opposition I might have felt to
them, I felt bound by a sense of duty to the coun-
try to yield my opposition, and acquiesce, for the
sake of peace, and quiet, and harmony in the
country, and the preservation of this Union. 33ut
if Senators and Representatives who had objec-
tions, and yielded them upon considerations of
this sort, feel bound now to sustain the measures
for the great object for which they were passed,
and to sustain what has been said to be the ac-
complishment of that great object, I ask, if the
majority who approved of them, who voted for
them all, who sustained them here, and proclaimed
them as a " peace-offering, "and as having accom-
plished the object, if they are not bound now to
carry out the pledge solemnly made, and since so
often solemnly reiterated, and by their votes, and
by their decided action here, keep agitation out of
the Senate of the United States, and leave the
matter at peace so far as we can, and attend to
our practical duties: For these considerations, I
shall vote against considering the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to be likely that we
shall consume all our time in this preliminary de-
bate.
