THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 29, 1852.
New Series....No. 123.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 wish to move to postpone
the resolution until next Saturday.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not un-
der consideration. The simple question is on
postponing the orders with a view of taking it up,
and on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. HUNTER, The Senate will recollect that
the bill making appropriations for the Indian De-
partment has been, I may say, before the Senate
for three days. It svas reported one day, it was
yesterday taken up, and the Senate adjourned
while it was pending.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask the Chair
whether it is not competent to move to postpone
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts until
next Saturday?
Mr. HUNTER. This is a question in relation
to the order of business, and cannotbe postponed,
but must be decided.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the orders with the view of taking up the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts.
That question cannot be postponed; it must be
taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clarke, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Foot, Hamlin, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Upham, and
Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, P.rodhead. Brooks, Ca«s,
Charlton, Clemens, De Satissure, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, HuntPr, Kmg,Ma!lory,
Mangum, IVTa&on, Meriwether, Miller, Morton, Norn's,
Pearce, Piatt, Ru>k, Sebastian, Smith, Soultf, ypruance.
Toucey, and YVeller—32.
So the motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special orders. The first
special order is the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives " making appropriations for the current
' and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
' ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
'the various Indian tribes for the year ending
'June 30,1853."
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think that bill was
ma'le the special order for to-day.
The PRESIDENT. It is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, and is therefore the first special
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, and especially for the in-
formation of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Gwin,] that I came here this morning,
intending to propose to take up the bill providing
for a reconnoissance of Behnng's Straits. I give
notice now, that I shall ask the Senate to take up
that bill after we shall have got through with the
bill now under consideration, or during the morn-
ing hour to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. 1 merely wish to observe that I
have had a conversation with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and he has agreed to in-
terpose no objection to the consideration of the
bill for the construction of a canal around the
Falls of St. Mary's, when the bill now under con-
sideration shall be disposed of. Myself and my
colieague are very anxious to terminate that bill.
I therefore wish to give notice that when it is
next taken up, I shall urge the Senate to dispose
of it; and I shall ask to have it taken up as soon
as this bill is through with. I will repeat what I
said yesterday, that if we cannot satisfactorily
show to the Senate that a work of defense upon
a remote frontier, and upon the land of the United
States, has no more connection with the doctrinc
of internal improvements than it has with the
judiciary, or any other power assumed and granted
to the Government of the United States, we will
abandon the whole measure.
The PRESIDENT. The Indian appropriation
hill is under consideration. It has been reported
from the Committee on Finance with several
amendments, the first of which is to strike out the
following clause:
123
For liquidated balance found due the Creek Indian?,
for losses sustained during the last war with Great Britain
by that portion of the tribe that was friendly to and. co-
operated with the United States, m accordance with the
promise of the Government, $110,417 90, to be pan) bj the
United States agent forthe Cieek Indians,to those individ-
uals now livinjj, and the legal representatives of those de-
ceased, who ate entitled to receive the same.'"
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this claim is,
I believe, an old acquaintance of the Senate. It
originated in the transactions of the war of 1814
with the Creeks, which was determined by a
treaty made by General Jackson with the tribe in
that year. When that treaty was made by Gen-
eral Jackson, under the instructions of the War
Department, he obtained a cession from the Creeks
for the purpose of reimbursing the Government
for the expenses of the war; and for military and
other purposes, he obtained a cession of a large
portion of land. I believe it amounted to 22,000-
000 of acres. Of these lands, about 8,000,000 of
acres belonged to the friendly Creeks. This amount
was reserved by General Jackson, as he said, for
military purposes, and purposes which were then
beneficial, not only to the United States, but to
the Creeks themselves, because by interposing
white settlements there they intercepted the Creek
Indians from access to Florida, which was then a
foreign possession. It was necessary, therefore,
for military, as well as other purposes, to obtain
possession of tins portion of the Creek lands.
When that cession was made, the friendly
Creeks were not satisfied with the terms of the
treaty. They agreed to sign it, however, provided
that General Jackson would send on to the Gov-
ernment, along with their signatures, their state-
ment in relation to their claim. It is a statement t
which was sent along with the treaty. It was
not a portion of the treaty—it was not incorpora-
ted into the treaty; but it was sent by Gfeneial
Jackson as their statement along with the treaty
when it was communicated to the Government.
Their statement was:
iC Wo call miHPlves, a* wo are, masters of the land.
We have adhered faithfully in peace and war to our treaty
stipulations with the United States. Finding that Geneial ;
Jack&on, in drawing the lines aiouiul our country, to retain ]
so much of that conquered from the hostile Indians a« he ,
deemed just, found it necessary, for political motives and :
purposes, to run a line withm which theie is a gtcarquan- ,
tity of lands actually our property, for which he, as an
equivalent, leaves to the conqueiod Indians lands between
Coosa and Tallapoosa, we do not deem the exchange as i
an equivalent, it shall not, however, interfere with run-
ning the line, as we rely on the justice of the United States
to cause justice to he done us. And on these conditions ;
we request that General Pmckney's letter, ol the 215(1 of
April, to Colonel Hawkins, ami the answer thereto, of the
2oth, be sent on with the tiean, which we wilt m<*u after
deliveiing this instrument."
The portion of General Pinckney's letter here
referred to contains these declarations:
u The United States will retain so much of the conqueied
territoiv a? may appear to the Government thereof to be a 1
just indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as a resti- i
union lor the injuries sustained by its citizens and the
friendly Creek Indiana. You will please, sir, tocommuni- '
cato these teims to the friendly Indians, and enjoin them, '
in the proscuhon of the war against such as may continue
hostile, to abstain carefully fiom injuring those who maybe i
returning with the intention of making then subrniB&ion.
You may likewise inform them that the United States will ,
not forget their fidelity, but in the arrangement winch may
be made of the lands to be retained .is indenimiv, then chum
will he respected ; and such of th<jir chiefs as have distin-
guished themselves by then exertions and valoi m the com-
mon cause will also icceive a remuneration ui the ceiUd
lands, in sucli manner the Government may direct."
General Jackson, in making the treaty, obviously
had reference to these assurances: for he retained
in that treaty for each of the Creek chieftains the
lands of which they were in possession for the
use of themselves and their heirs, so long as they
remained upon them. He also retained for the
friendly Creek Indians a portion of the land winch -
belonged to the hostile Creeks. It is true that
when they asked him where the hostiles were to
go, he said there was enough for both; and in this
lie said what was perfectly true; for lie retained
upwards of five millions of acres for a tribe num-
bering from twenty thousand to twenty-five thou-
sand persons, being something like two hundred
and fifty acres per man. He said it was enough
for both. I believe it was. But he transmitted, ;
,j as they desired, with the treaty, theircommumca-
,f tion in reference to their lands. Colonel Haw-
1 kins, the Indian agent, and a very valuable agent,
! one in whom the Government seemed to have
i great confidence, and justly to have reposed it,
| was written to on the subject. In relation to these
| claims of the friendly Creeks, Colonel Hawkins
j says:
j As to tin- extent of the claims, I have no data to calcu-
i late from. I'ait of the vouchers were taken on by Mr.
Ca^edy, the General's secretary, and the remainder given
; in since to the assistant agent,"at Coweta, which I have
oideicdon hoie; whatever they may be, I will forward
| them, as soon as iccoived. I believe, at the time of drawing
' the lines for the treaty, £60,000 would have been received
• as an equivalent. The Indians of Tookaubatche were the
! mo^t faithful, and the greatest sufferers; their town was
■ besieged 'or en>ht day<, and when they had to retreat it was
' destroj ed with nil their property hut what they could carry
oft when they retieated to Cowera. Porno of Coosaude,
i Tuskrgee, Coweta, and Tallahassee, had their houses
j burnt, their stock and provisions destroyed—some few to a
1 consideiahle amount, but mostly to a trivial one. The
losses ^Ht.mied ivere by no means general, as many of the
! friendly towns did not lose anything but what was taken
{ by disorderly individuals of Floyd's army."
I Various questions were put to Colonel Haw-
j kins by the War Department. The third question
was:
Question Whether indemnity ought to be made to
them by restonng a part of the ceded land, or by an addi-
tional annuity, or by giving them a certain fixed sum in
monej or goods'"
In reply to this he said:
''I believe the correct way would he to liquidate the
chums of individuals, bome of which,! am told, are too
high; icduce them to a ju^t value, and pay them, tf it
were a national claim, a cession of land might be desirable ;
but to individuals it is otherwise."
The meaning of that was obviously this: that Col-
onel Hawkins thought, not that we were bound to
pay them for their lands—not that we were bound
to pay them for property destroyed by the hostile
Creeks, for we werenotbound to indemnify ourown
citizens for the property destroyed during the war
by the hostile Creeks, unless it was done because
that property was in possession of the troops, or
the possession of the United States for military
stores. We were not bound to indemnify them,
according to any view of things, whether they begyf^
looked upon as citizens of our own country, or as*"?
a separate and independent people; but in order to
satisfy them, as these friendly Indians seemed to
think they had been hardly dealt by, Colonel
Hawkins said the best way would be to liquidate
these claims, and make the Indians an allowance
of money. lie said, that, at the time the treaty
was made, he believed $60,000 would have satis-
fied them. Afterwards he made an examination,
and on making that examination, he found that
$78,000 ought to be paid them, and said their just
claims could not exceed $100,000.
With this information, in 1817 the subject was
brought up before Congress, and the Committee
of Ways and Means, at the head of which was
Mr. Lowndes, of South Carolina, reported upon
it, and reported that under all these circumstances,
after reciting this calculation of the Indians in re-
lation to their lands, we should pay them $85,000,
a sum which was between tliat found by Colonel
j Hawkins to be due, and the greatest amount which
■ he thought could possibly be due to the Indians.
I In order to show that this was designed to be
! paid, not upon the supposition that we were bound
| to remunerate them actually for all the losses they
! suffered—not upon the supposition that we were
1 bound to pay them for the eight millions of acres
j of land—but in order to do what was reasonable,
i to give satisfaction, it was proposed to make an
: appropriation of this sum of $85,000, m gross, to
be distributed rateably amongst oil the claimants,
thinking that would satisfy the friendly Creek In-
! dians in relation to their treatment by the United
States, in order to show that that was his view,
j I will read what Mr. Lowndes says:
! k< At the time of the treaty, the friendly Creeks would
j have been satined, in the opinion of Colonel Hawkins,
i to have received asi an Indemnity for th^ir losses, the sum
i of .<560,000. Afi it is to he considered in some measure a
! claim under atieaty,a<j they seem to have expected that
j porne fixed sum woald be distributed among them as an
! equivalent for their lo«ses=, and as to do so will be to make
it the interest of each sufferer that the losses of another shall
