1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Mr. GIDDINGS, (continuing.) Mr. Chair-
man, how men's minds alter and change! My col-
league who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Taylor,]
there pronounced this in relation to an European
nation and an European people.
Mr. TAYLOR, (interrupting.) Who were
they?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has my colleague forgot-
ten? [Laughter.] Sir, it becomes politicians to
have memories. If for nothing else they should
know what to do. [Great laughter.] My col-
league is not the only man 
Mr% TAYLOR, (interrupting,) made a re-
mark inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (continuing.) If I stand
here to be interrogated by every one who is con-
tradicting his former actions, I may be kept here
till morning. [Laughter.] The honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, whose
holy horror has been called up here, and who has
expressed himself in such eloquent language, he,
too, voted for this very resolution, and now he
turns round and proclaims anathemas to every
man who will vote a welcome to Louis Kossuth !
Again, the very eloquent gentleman from North
Carolina 
A Voice. Venable? [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, sir, my friend from
North Carolina, whose sympathies thus flowed
out in eloquent language m regard to that foreign
people, he too, has forgotten the sentiments he
then held. [Laughter.]
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
[Cries of, uGo on !" "Go on '"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, I only
want to say that when resolutions of sympathy
shall come before the House, I will discuss them,
and I will express my sentiments freely and
frankly; but 1 will not express them upon subjects
altogether foreign to the subject-matter before the
House.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Taylor to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Bayly, tellers were called for and ordered,
and Messrs. Johnson, of Arkansas, and Sackett
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 50, noes 85.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I offer the following
as an amendment to the resolution:
JPiovided, That iiy the adoption of the above ro<*olution a
compliment only i<? intended to the distinguished Hungaiiau.
I am astonished at the wild enthusiasm which
seems to pervade this assembly. We are told that
this distinguished foreigner comes among us, not
seeking our interference with the Powers of Euiope
—not asking us to enter into an entangling alliance.
What! do gentlemen rceognize the speech which
I hold in my hand, in which he says: " I desire
the young giant of America to raise his arm in
favor of that principleWhat principle, I ask,
is it that he desires this young giant to adopt? He
gives the answer in the preceding sentence of his
own speech. He says, " we do not wish to fight
against the world; the only thing which we desire
is fan* play/' Yet gentlemen tell us that he comes
not here seeking an intervention with foreign Pow-
ers! Why, he puts the question distinctly to the
American people as a court and jury, and waits
for the decision from the American Congress.
Here is his concluding remark: " When that tri-
bunal speaks, I must hear with sentiments of joy,
if it is joyful, but with resolution and not despair,
if it is not joyful. I have pleaded my cause."
We are told by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] that perhaps we do not represent the
views of the American people. Mr. Chairman,
for one, I claim when 1 speak upon this floor to
speak for the people of my district. I oppose this
resolution not for the mere purpose of opposition,
but because I believe the effect of the resolution
will be to commit this Government to the doctrine
of intervention, and I am not willing that it should
pass without being accompanied by such a proviso
as I have offered.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell]
asks me where I get my notions of a long-estab-
lished doctrine of non-intervention. I answer
the gentleman, that it is in the language of Jeffer-
son: "Friendship with all nations—entangling
alliances with none."
I hops, if the resolution be R/Jopted, that the
amendment will also be adopted. If gentlemen,
as they say, only intend to compliment Kossuth
by the adoption of the resolution, why not ex-
press it in so many words ? He has been frank;
let us be equally so. I do not desire to detain
this House longer, and with a simple reference to
resolutions adopted by the Legislatuie of my own
State honoring Kossuth as Kossuth, I yield the
floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret that the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was
permitted to introduce this resolution originally. I
nave risen now, not for the purpose ot protract-
ing this debate, which has already continued too
long, but for the purpose of defining my position,
and setting myself right upon this question before
the country, and especially before my constituents.
I avail myself of this opportunity of tendering
my congratulations, and not only my congratula-
tions, but those of my constituents, for the stand
he assumed when this matter was first presented
to the House. Although that gentleman is a
young member amongus, yet I regard his posi-
tion as a manly one before this House and the
country. It is true he acted somewhat rashly in
maintaining that position, but still I regard him
as deserving the thanks of this House and of the
country.
Mr. Chairman, I, for one, would be willing, and
more than willing, to tender my hand to the dis-
tinguished Hungarian in his true character—as a
champion of freedom. But I deny that we have
any right to indorse his principles which he is
seeking to propagate in this country. What, 1
ask you, was the phraseology of the joint resolu-
tion of Congress which invited him to our shores?
It* was, that if he and his countrymen, then in
exile, desired to emigrate to this country, we
would tender to him and them the use of a national
vessel. And what is th>e condition of things now?
Why, hpro, in this last day of the year 1851, we
see the Congress of the United States gravely con-
sidering whether we shall appoint a committee
upon the part of the House to wait upon this
same personage, whom we only invited to emigrate
to this country, and pay to him honors similar to
those which were paid to Lafayette—the second
Father of his Country. And permit me, in this
connection, to remark, that in the other end of tins
Capitol, where Senators have thought proper to
associate him with that distinguished man, I could
not regard it otherwise than as an insult to the
memory of Lafayette. It is true, I voted the other
day for the resolution inviting him to this capita!;
but I gave that vote under a protest; and I take i
this occasion to declare, that if that vote had not j
been given, I would not now give it. But the 1
invitation has been given, and while, under the eir- I
cumstances, I am willing that the Speaker should
reccive Mr. Kossuth and introduce him to the
members, I am unwilling that, in order to extend
to him those civilities, we should ride over the
rules and trample down the rights of the House;
and I cannot sit here quietly and see its rules thus
disregarded. 1 here solemnly enter my protest, as
the representative of my constituents, against this
proceeding. I say again that I am willing to ex-
tend to Kossuth the hand of friendship, as a man
and as a patriot. But I am not willing to coun-
tenance him in the attempt which he has made to
lecture the American peoplp upon the character of
our institutions. What do gentlemen mean when
they tell me that they do not intend to commit this i
Government to his doctrines ? Has not Mr. Kos-
suth told you that he does not desire your sym-
pathy ? And if he does not want your sympathy,
what does he want? Why, it is men and money
to fight the battles of Hungary. But I tell gentle-
men that he will neither get men nor money by my
vote. I repeat that 1 am willing that the Speaker
should tender to him the same hospitalities that
were tendered to Father Mathew. although the
latter gentleman is doing much more good to our 1
country than is Mr. Kossuth; but I am not willing ]
to go further. j
[Here the hammer fell.] " I
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. I move to amend ;
by striking out the word " only." j
I desire once more to bring back this committee
to the original resolution which was proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] When
that gentleman offered that resolution he express-
ly stated thafchc repudiated any idea of interven-
tion or non-intervention, He only asked that it
should be considered merely as a matter of courte-
! sy. I agreed with that gentleman then in that
j opinion, and I do not mean now to be driven from
j that position by anything which I have heard
, since. It is only a matter of courtesy. Why,
! sir, we have gone too far in this matter now to
j recede. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mc-
; Mullin] expresses the same opinion when he
i says that if he could give his vote overagain upon
i the resolution inviting Kossuth to this capital,
j that he would give it against that resolution. But
. that vote cannot be recalled. The question is de-
i cided; the issue has been made; and, sir, there
1 was a previous question to that. We invited
| Kossuth to our shores; we sent a national vessel
; for him; and we adopted a resolution of welcome
| to him after his arrival in this country, by a large
| majority of both branches of Congress. However
1 gentlemen may refine about it, he must be regard-
; ed in some sort as the nation's guest. I know
| very well that it has been said by gentlemen upon
i this floor that Kossuth was not invited here as the
guest of the nation—that the object of the ori-
ginal resolution was merely to rescue him from
imprisonment and give him a home among us;
but that only shows that we did not know the man
j with whom we were dealing. He hod a loftier
; character than we gave him credit for. He had
| been through a long struggle at home, and by
' power and treachery united, he had been signally
defeated. Hehadbeenawandererandan outcast—
I separated from his family—deprived of his home—
1 cut off from his country—and obliged to seek
Turkish imprisonment as a shelter for his life.
; E\en in that retreat, the threats of Austria had
! been constantly sounding in his ears, and be was
; compelled almost daily to feel that his hospitable
( host placed m jeopardy his own peace and power
: for the purpose of protecting him. Under such
I circumstances, we gave him the means of escape,
' and might almost be pardoned for believing that
| he would be glad to forget his past sufferings in
! future comfort, and soothe his broken spirit amidst
! the quiet of a western home, where he would be
j sure to find sympathy for his misfortunes, and a
| generous approval of his republican course. Yet
' u was not so. It was no poor broken-hearted
! dreamer, sighing for personal care and comfort,
j and almost regretting the sacrifices which had
| made him an exile from his home, that the steamer
: Mississippi received on board, when Kossuth came
upon her deck at Constantinople. No, sir; but
the moment he stood beneath a free flag1, and trod
upon a free deck, and saw around him the men
and the arms of a free country, his great spirit
, swelled to its old dimensions, and the love and
; power of liberty were renewed m his veins to-
; gether. Not for him a cottage m some far retreat.
< Not for him the delights of a homely fireside, and
( all the comforts of ease and competence. Not for
j him the plough and the sickle, and the peaceful
employments to which they tend. Far other vis-
| ions occupy his mind. His thoughts are with his
! countrymen who are still oppressed; and the pale
j and bleeding form of Hungary seems to walk con-
! stantly before him, and to beckon him onward to
! the great work of her deliverance. Sir, in all this,
I I find nothing to diminish our estimate of the man,
but much rather to increase it. The patriotism
nnd self-sacrifice which he has thus shown give
\ him a new title to our regard, and justify by fresh
> reasons the welcome winch we have given him.
I Sir, I believe he has deserved that welcome by his
, past services, and I hope he will deserve a still
i more illustrious expression of our regard, by the
! events of his future career. All this, I think it
' has been the right and the duty of the American
' Congress to declare—and to declare it with no
1 scanty phrases, no bated breath, and no trembling
! voice*—but in tones loud enough to be heard alike
! by the despots and the subjects of the Old World,
i and firm enough to carry the conviction wherever
1 they go, that we mean what we say. To this
I extent we have high authority to justify us, as
! weU as the teachings of our own minds.
And beyond this it is not necessary now to de-
clare oiuselves. I do not intend to-go into the
, broad questions of national policy which have
; been opened here to-night. Upon these questions
I have nothing to say They do not belong to
this debate. But I recognize in Louis Kossuth the
<*reat master-spirit which has been evoked by the
late European excitements. It is almost a law of
ii revolutions that they create their own chief guides
