1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
whether he thinks this was the meaning of the
Secretary of War in his dealings with this un-
fortunate race—for they are unfortunate. In
this case we have certainly got the lion's share.
Whether they have merely a possessory right in
the land, or whether it belonged to them, is not
the question for our consideration. We certainly
took the land from them. We took it from them
in consequence of their fidelity to us against the
hostile Creeks It is'at this day much more val-
uable to the Government, and has brought, and
wilt bring, more money than would pay for the
expenses of that war with the Indians. I do not
think the instructions of the Secretary of War
contemplated that there was to be merely a pro
rata allowance to be paid to these men. The
whole language shows that such was not his in-
tention. The object was to retain a part of the
claims until the whole amount should be ascer-
tained, and then the Government was to pay them
that full amount when it should have been ascer-
tained.
Now we come to the report of 1824, upon which
so much stress has been laid by the Senator from
Virginia, ft is said that in that case one of the
most able men in this country made a report ad-
verse to this claim. Mr. President, the ablest
man in this country is liable to error, and it so
happens that sometimes the ablest men in this
country are more liable to error than anybody
else, because they are veiy apt, in the press of
public business, and the demands made on their
time and talent, to overlook small matters. That
the chairman of that committee fell into error is
certainly no imputation on his talents. Far be it
from me to make any imputation against the talents
or business habits of Mr. McLane; but I say it is
apparent upon the face of his report—and I think
if the Senator from Virginia will read the whole
report to the Senate, the Senate will agree with
me—that he did make an egregious error. He
states that the original claim amounted only to
#110,437 90. Now, so far from that being true,
that was the balance which remained after the ap-
plication of the appropriation which had been
made by Congress. Did he not fall into error
there? He stated, as the whole amount originally
claimed, what remained after the appropriation
which had been made by Congress had been paid
to them. I say that is the fair construction of it.
- feAnd you will find that Governor Mitchell, who
- "was appointed agent subsequent to Colonel Haw-
kins, reported this amount as the balance due to
these Indians. This is what led Mr. McLane
into his hasty error; and I will say here, that
hasty errors, and hasty letters, ought to be care-
fully avoided, particularly in matters of arithme-
tic, for, unfortunately, figures never lie, though
men sometimes do.
By looking at this report of Governor Mitchell,
the then Creek agent, it will be seen that the
amount of claims which he adjudicated was
$184,028 50. The amount of payments was
$73,610 60, leaving a balance due of $110,417 90.
Yet Mr. McLane nut this down as the whole
amount of the liquidated claims. The original
amount liquidated was ^ 184,000, and the amount
of payments was neaily $74,000, leaving a bal-
ance of ovej £110,000. hs not that a very essen-
tial difference? fs not the rule, foistta In uno
Jalsus in eimibvs, applicable here ? If we discover
an error ot such a glaring character m regard to a
matter of this discretion, is it not fair to infer that
there are errors m other parts of the report' I
make the question fairly. The Senator from Vir-
ginia says the fair construction ot this report is,
that this was the whole balance of the original
claim. I only ask, in justice to these Indians,
that that portion of the ieport be read. If it
read, 1 think the Senate wil! agree with me that
Mr. McLane did fall into an error when he stated
that that was the original amount, whereas it was
only the balance.
Mr. HUNTER, Does the Senator desire me
to read it now?
Mr. CHAR.L t'O^. Certainly; I shall be verv
happy to hear it.
Mr. HUjNTEIt. Here is the paragraph to
which the gentleman refers;
_ 1 Iicfc Claims j'oi hordes were liquidated by t'ue ohiof*,
in council, at ^/>rtJJawkms,, in July, 1817, and amounted
to the sum of #110,4]/ 90. Of tlua sum, §81.085 60 was
paid to the uidividiidfs in proportion to their re«m>ctive
claims." '
I admitted that this, strictly interpreted, was a
: mistaken view of the case; but it is very plain to
I my mind what he meant. One hundred and ten
thousand dollars was the balance left of theclaims
of the Creeks after the ^81,000 had been paid.
When he said, "Of this sum §81,085 60 was
paid," he meant to say that that was paid on the
whole original sum of over £.190,000. As a proof
that he must have meant that he knew all about
the matter, 1 would refer to the fact that he an-
nexes to the report a letter of General David B.
, Mitchell, which shows that the $110,000 was the
balance. It is from this report of Mr. McLane
i that I obtained a copy of the letter of Mr. Mitch-
■ ell, which is there stated in full.
Mr. CHARLTON. 1 believe Talleyrand said
| once that the use of language was to concea
j thoughts; and I think that we may advance a
little, and say, that the object of this report, in
making figures and statement, (if the commentary
of the Senator of Virginia be correct,) was to con-
ceal what the writer really meant by it; for 1 say
that it is self-evident, (if the explanation or com-
I mentary of the Senator from Virginia is correct,)
■ that the gentleman who made this report has said
directly the opposite of what he meant. It seems
i very curious that the author of it should write to
a dollar and cent the very amount of the balance,
and state it as the amount of the original claim
" liquidated by the chiefs." Certainly, "liquida-
ted by the chiefs." By whom else was it to be
liquidated ? It was presented by them and liqui-
dated by them in common with the agent. There |
can be no mistake about that.
I ask the Senator from Virginia now, as I know
j he is a candid and fair man, to listen to this sen-
j tence from the report, winch is very short, and
, tell me whether it is possible that tt can bear-the
j meaning which he gives to it?
" These claims for losses were liquidated by the chiefs,
in council, at Fort Hawkins, in July, 1817, and amounted
to the sum of £110,-117 90. Ol tins sum, .$-81,085 60 was
; paid to tlie individuals, m proportion to thou- respoehve
claims; and tile balance (.¥3,91140) was placed in tlie
: hands of the two principal chiefs, by general consent, to
i be applied to some eases of peculiar hardship otherwise
unpiovidcd for."
1 The report of Mr. McLane is wiong from be-
! ginning to end. The amount liquidated by the
■ chiefs at Port Hawkins, m 1817, was only $134,-
504 50. Afterwards, the amount liquidated at the
agency, in 1818, was &49,524—making in all the
sum of$184,028 50. So he was wrong there. He
, was wrong in stating that these claims for losses
were adjudicated by the chiefs in 1817, to the
' amount of the sum named. But, in 1818, as I
have already said, another amount of £>49,524 was
; added; and, acting upon the instructions of the
Secretary of War, payments were made upon
| these amounts of two fifths to each individual for
those losses, ascertained, allowed, and acceded
' to—making the balance due, after the appropria-
tion of $85,000 had been applied to that object'
the precise balance of §110,417 90, which the re-
port assumes to be the amount of the original i
: liquidation. j
Now, was not an error made there? Does not I
the Senator perceive, do not all perceive, that Mr. j
McLane was evidently in error? In the confusion i
of the moment, glancing his eye down upon the !
report of General Mitchell, looking at the items, I
lie took tile balance remaining as the sum total of !
the amount of claims liquidated, which a mail in I
1 a hurry would be very apt to do. 1 say, he took j
the amount of balance as the original amount |
liquidated, whereas it was only the balance due 1
after paying two fifths of the claims. ;
1 do not feel myself authorized to trespass longer ,
- upon the patience of the Senate on this question.
I did not intend to make a set speech upon it, and
do not intend to do so now. I believe that honesty
is the best policy: I believe that the remark applies
to individuals, and I believe also that it applies to '
j Governments, 1 think it applies more especially
i when we have to deal with those who are under
our control, it is the same feeling which has al-
' ways characterized us in dealmg'with the female
sex; and these friendly Creeks were as much un-
i der our power as the ladies are, and a great deal I
more, let me say in parenthesis, not meaning to j
, infringe upon the dignity of the Senate. I;
The question is, then, did we not promise this
to the Indians? We did. Weconfirmed itafter-
wards. We agreed to pay the amount of the !
claims when they should be ascertained. Our own '■
agent ascertained these claims, and stated them to
jibe $184,000. Now, this idea that we are to pay for
j- these claims pro rata, is unworthy of this Govern-
j ment.
| Is it not a horrible idea that the United Stater,
Government, in dealing with these cestui que trusts,
when the justice of the claims have been ascer-
tained, is to give the claimants two fifths of their
claims pro rata ? These claims were ascertained
by our own agent to his entire satisfaction; and he
1 was a man whose honor cannot be impeached.
Both these agents were beyond reproach. Here
J now, when we are asked to pay these claims, the
, cryis setup that they are a stale demand. That is al-
ways the cry when the weak claim from the strong.
These claimants have been knocking at our doors
for years; but other claims were m advance of
them. I ask the Senate to look at this claim be-
fore they reject it. The fact that it has been long
standing is no answer against it. It is the very
reason why we should do justice now. The fact
is we did promise to indemnify these Indians
not only for the lands, but for the losses they sus-
i tamed. Let the lands go; we took them from the
j friendly Creeks as a reward fortheir kind services
j in opposing their brother Creeks. They fought
! for us. The hostile Creeks took them oil one
j flank, and deprived them of their property, drove
!' away their cattle, burnt their houses, killed their
j! women and children and some of themselves; left
i their red blood in that "Red Stick war." "VVe,
| on the other flank, from motives of policy, took
j away the whole of their lands, and after a solemn
j promise made during this war that we were going
; to fully indemnify them for the losses which they
! had sustained from the hostile Creeks, penned them
j, up in a small delta, and told them," this is enough
for you." When they asked us where the hos-
j tile Creeks were to go, we said to them; " Take
, them amongst you." Was not that very charit-
able and kind to pen them up m a small piece of
j land, and require them to take the hostile Cieeks
' into their midst! This was the " equivalent"
j which my honorable friend from Virginia says
i'they received. These other small pieces of land
j: which hesays thechiefs received individually as all
" equivalent," they also lost. After the treaty,
the laws of the whites were extended over them.
I Does my friend from Virginia not know that the
- Indians cannot live under the laws of the whites ?
And when the white population came in, the In-
dians had to abandon their pieces of land and clear
off.
I speak zealously upon this matter. 1 have no
; particular interest in it. 1 do not know one of the
Creek Indians. But I think justice ought to be
done at all times and under all circumstances.
The answer that this is a stale claim, will not do,
, provided it is shown here that this Government
i promised this unfortunate race to recompensata
i them fortheir individual losses; and on the show-
ing of our own agent, paid them but two fifths of
these losses. I therefore appeal to the justice of
the Senate to retain in this bill, the appropriation
which the House of Representatives have put into
it for these claims. Let the bill stand as it is m
this respect; and let the amendment of the com-
mittee be rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to make a speech to the Senate on this sub-
ject, for on two or three occasions before, when
this question was before the Senate, I have pre-
sented my views of the case, and urged, as far as
I was able, the propriety and justice of paying
: this claim. The Senator from Georgia, at thin
time, has so fully and clearly set forth the merits
of the claim, that 1 do not think it needs another
word by way of argument, m its support. But I
i rise simply to cab the attention of the Senatorfrom
1 Georgia, and the Senator from Virginia, to one
single point, suggested incidentally by the Senator
from Virginia—that the liquidation of these claims
was made not by the agent of the Government,
but by the chiefs of the'lndians themselves. In
that, the Senator trom Virginia is clearly mistaken.
The liquidation was made by the agent of the
Government in consultation and cooperation with
the chiefs. Dut suppose it had been made entirelv
by the chiefs of the Indians themselves; the fact
that it was afterwards recognized by the agent of
the Government as a proper liquidation, makes it
equivalent to his own act, just as if he had gone
into it originally and made the liquidation wholly
himself.
Another thing: To show that these Indian chiefs
