480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Dec. SI
and leaders. From out the stormy waves of the
French convulsions emerged Napoleon Bonaparte,
■Who seized with an iron hand the helm of Europe,
and wrote his name with the point of his sword in
ineffaceable characters upon the history of the
world. In our own Revolution, also, Providence
raised up the man for the times, and gave as that
Washington whose fame is yet the dearest treasure
of his countrymen, and whose name-is honored
wherever liberty is praised. But in looking over
the late agitations of the Old World, no man, it
seems to mc, appears who can fairly contest the
palm of supremacy with Kossuth. When revo-
lution had foiled everywhere else, and the old dark-
ness was settling over the natiohs, it was he who
kept Hungary alive with freedom, and so anima-
ted her with his own spirit that she beat Austria
iYom the field, did not tremble before Austria and
Russia combined, and only bowed her head at last
before the treachery of one of her own sons. Sir,
for what this man has done I am willing to give
him my cordial thanks, and I care not how loudly
and how warmly he may be welcomed to our
shores. I am willing to see the people load him
with honors, and make him the almoner of great
wealth. All this they have a right to do, and
there is no power on earth which can control them.
Kor do I fear that they will ultimately go too far.
I have great and abiding confidence in their " sober
second thought." But I warn gentlemen that
any abatement of a proper courtesy on our pait
towards the illustrious Magyar may awaken an
indignant feeling among the people, which may re-
act in favor of those very doctrines of his which
some of us do not see fit. yet to avow.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW". It was not my purpose thus early
in the session to mingle in the debates of this Hall,
riov would I at this late hour of the day trouble the
House with any remarks but for the charge that
has just fallen from the lips of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mopvl ui.lin.] I cannot refrain from
replying-, when I have the words of Kossuth to do
it with. Let his own langunge defend him against
the charge of audacity. He comes here advoca-
ting the lights of cnislied humanity and the cause
of "his native land, and asks the American people
for their aid against the despots of his country.
Frankly he lays his claims and wishes before his
hearers, and asks their consideration. He asks
them as men standing under the shadow of Wash-
ington, to consider the cause of humanity; and for
this he is charged with being guilty of the greatest
impudence! Are his requests unreasonable, that
they should not be heard? He brings to their elu-
cidation the light of his master intellect, and the
impulses of a warm heart. In what consists his
impudence? Does lie make a demand upon this
Government or people, and attempt by threats or
intimidation to coerce it? lie presents his cause
and reasons, and asks you for a voluntary decis-
ion; and if in his favor, then he will leave your
shores—the herald of glad tidings to enthialled na-
tions. But if you answer no, in Ins own language
" you will see a mournful tear in the eye of human-
1 ity—its breast heaving with a sorrowful sigh—yet
4 the answer must he accepted. "If you answer,
'you would rather be on friendly terms with the
* Czar than rejoice in the liberty and independence
'of Hungary, Italy, Germany, and France, yet
'dreadful as it is 1 will wipe the tear of sorrow
' from my eye, and say to my brethren, let us pray,
' and go to the Lord's last supper, and then to bat-
' tie and to death. I will say to them, there is no
'help for us but in our trust m God, and in our
' own good swords. I will leave you with a dying
'farewell, and bless you with the warmest wishes
'of my heart, and pray to God that the Sun of
' Freedom may never decline from the horizon of.
'your happy land." If this be " impudence," in !
what way would you have an apostle of liberty j
appeal for the sympathy and aid of a people whose <
country has drank the life-blood not only of its *
own martyrs, but of the martyrs of every ciime? 1
Is it impudent for a man just escaped from Aus- i
tnan dungeons and Turkish exile to stand up in the i
face of nations and advocate the conscious rights '
of man? it "impudent" for the representative '
Ox a brave people to present the claims of his fa- I
therland to i he sympathies of the descendants of!
Wasmiiirton, Franklin, and Jefferson?—to make i
his repeal in bennlf of bleeding humanity to a peo- *
pie wJirr--^ evei y battle-Held in the first and second 1
war of independence is red with the blood of for- !
eigners—to a country that in the hour of peril re-
ceived the aid of a Lafayette, De Kalb, and Kos-
ciusko, and whosfe soil still holds the ashes of
Pulaski and Steuben? ...
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) His impu-
dence is in attempting to destroy the teachings of
Washington.
Mr. GROW. Devoutly as we turn to the
teachings of that greatest of mortals—and Heaven
grant the day may never come when it shall be
otherwise with the American—still the institutions,
opinions, and men, both living and dead, of this
country, as of all others, are here proper and open
subjects of manly discussion. Freedom of opin-
ion and expression on any and all subjects, is the
right of a freeman under a free Government. ^ The
only sure reliance in every case is on the virtue,
intelligence, and integrity of the people to correct
all errors. It becomes not the American to bow
with blind reverence to opinions or institutions be-
cause of their grey age. For while knowledge is
growing more comprehensive, man's relations be-
coming better known, he who would cling blindly
to all the notions of other times, acts a suicidal
part to the best interests of the present. While
truth and society are progressive, he who would
seek the one with an honest heart and fearless
mind, and act with a generous soul for the best
interest of the other, cannot entertain all the no-
tions of his predecessors.
If the doctrine of non-intervention was proper
for our country in the days of Washington, and
even though bequeathed to us as his dying legacy,
has not the time come, or will it never arrive, for
this Republic to decide whether in its foreign rela-
tions it is an inveterate rule never in any case .to
"be departed from; that we must stand with folded
arms and closed lips and see a brave people, goad-
ed by the wrongs of centuries and battling for lib-
erty and the rights which God and nature has given
them, and even when they have driven the invader
from their soil, struck down by the hireling myr-
midons of united despots, and their country
drenched with the blood of the noble and the brave,
blotted from the map of nations? Is it the legacy
of wisdom and humanity bequeathed by Washing-
ton and his copatriots, that Americen freemen must
forever, in silence, be pierced with the "shrieks of
liberty" as her votaries fall ?
Whatever may be the policy or decision of our
Government in reference to armed intervention, as
the generous spirit sits not at the social board with
the robber and the assassin, let it, at least, in its
intercourse with otli.er nations, be as circumspect
in its company as the private citizen. To that na-
tion which tramples on the laws of nations and
the common rights of humanity, let it not extend
the hand of fellowship. Let us welcome to our
shores, and to the hearts of our countrymen, the
exile driven by oppression and wrong from the
fireside of his fathers.
■ Mr. GORMAN. As the gentleman's time is
( not yet out, I desire to make a statement to the
1 friends of this resolution. I desire to say to them,
that if they expect to arrive at a vote upon the
resolution to-night, they must not discuss it them-
selves. If gentlemen will recollect, during the
last Congress the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union were kept from a vote for sixty
days precisely in this way. For one, I intend
to sit here till midnight rather than not to dispose
of this resolution.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Appleton,]
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have an
amendment which I propose to offer, after which
I intend to ask the Clerk to read an extract from a
speech of Kossuth's. I move to strike out all after
the word "provided,", and insert the following:
First, That, feeling interested in the maintenance of the
law< of nation", acknowledging tlie sovcieign right of eveiy
people to dispose of its; own domestic concerns to be one «f
the^e Iiw>\ and the interference with this sovereign iseht to
! ho a violation of the^e laws of nations, the people of the
, United State-~ievolved to respect and to make respected
i the^e puhhc I-iws—declare the Russian p.M intervention m
j to he a violation of thfse laws, which, if reiteia-
} ted. would b<j anew violation, and would not he regarded
j indilfeiently by the people of the United .States.
j Second, That the people of the United States are re-
! solved to maintain its risrht of commercial intercoms with
i the nation* of Euiope, whether they be m a statf-1 of revolu-
I tton against their eovernm^nt or not; and that, with a view
1 of dpproaehm? Irenes on the continent of Euiope, tiie fiov-
{ eminent phould take appropriate measure1* tor fJie protection
' of the trade of our people in the Moditeoanean;
Third, That the government of flie United States thoiild
declare its opinion in respect to the question of the mdiv
penrienee bf Htmgary, and act accordingly-
Mr, S. said; The amendment is simply the
platform of Kossuth himself, as presented to the
American people, and seems either to have been
misunderstoed, or forgotten, by those who nave
undertaken to announce his purposes in the de-
bate which lias taken place on this resolution.
Kossuth himself can better explain what he means
by these propositions,than any one else,and ashe
hashad no chance of speaking to-day for himself,-1
propose to afford him an opportunity. WhenKos-
suth shall have spoken, it will be a fit time to close
this debate; and I trust that the little speech which
I send to the Clerk to read, from the great Hun-
garian himself, explanatory of his platform, will
be the last made upon the subject.
The following extract from Kossuth's address
to the-Jackson Democratic Association, was then
read:
"My nation believes that the United States, presenting
themselves before the world in that imposing attitude, will
restrain tyrants without any war. I>et me say, that i came
not to try to engage your arms and the blood ot) our hearts,
to fl"!it our battles. We will fight our battles ourselves.
[Applause.] I came not to entangle you m a war. We
can fight otrr own battles. We are a nation capable of
achieving our own freedom if we have fair play. It a na-
tion like Hungary, with fifteen millions of inhabitants, is
not able to fight its own battles, by its own force, against
its own enemy—if it is not strong enough to settle its own
domestic matters, by its own strength, it deserves not, is
merits not, to be fiee. All we want is, fair play. [Applause.]
We do not wish to fight ajainstthe whole world. The only
thing which we desire is fair play."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will remark that
the extract which has just been read, does niJt
contain all that Kossuth has said on this point.
[Prolonged laughter.J 1 hope that lapgh will not
be taken out of my time. [Renewed laughter.]
He has told us, with that candor which has char-
acterized him since he came amongst us, that when
he asks us to declare against intervention, if that
declaration of ours was disregarded upon the part
of Russia, that he expected us to go to irar to sus-
tain it. That is what lie said, and it cannot be dis-
puted on the floor; and an attempt ought not to be
ma'de to disguise it. Now, I want to put to the
American Congress one or two simple inquiries in
respect to this doctrine in favor of non-interven-
tion. I ask what department can commit us to it
in a form to be authoritative and respected.' Sup-
pose the Executive should declare it, does not
every one know that, coming from that Depart-
ment aTone, it would be brutumfuhnen? Suppose
it should not be respected, as it most probably
would not be, what could the President do? He
could not back it with the Army and Navy of the
United States. The war-power resides in Con-
gress; and no appropriation to that use can be
made for a longer period than two years. All he
could do would be to convene Congress, ana rec-
ommend to it to declare war to make good his
declaration. Congress is,as we all know, a fluctu-
ating body; an opposition Congress is not always
disposed to carry out Executive recommendations,
and it cannot be relied upon with certainty that
all future Congresses would go to war to sustain
such a declaration, even if made by a President
to whom it was friendly. It certainly would not
do it in a case which did not strongly enlist its
sympathy. Yet to cause the principle to be re-
spected in any case, it would be necessary to vin-
dicate it in all. I repeat, what Kossuth himself
admits in effect^ that, unless it is known by other
nations that we would vindicate our declaration by
war if it was not respected, that it would be mere
brutum fuhnen.
Suppose the declaration made by the Executive
and by Congress also. It could only bind the
Congress that would make it.
Kossuth's doctrines are impracticable under our
form of government. Let me illustrate. Sup-
pose this Government was to commit itself in all
of its branches to them; suppose about August,
Hungary should again strike for her independence;
suppose Russia should interfere—as interfere she
would, for the right to do so, as she esteems, is
the vital principle of her system, and she would
risk a war with us, or anybody else, sooner than
I surrender it—all the President could do would
j be to convene Congress. This would take sixty
; days. We would debate at least six weeks, more
| likely six months, before a declaration of war
would be made. Then we would hate to take
time to raise and discipline an army, unless we do
