1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
who were concerned with the agent in this liqui-
dation were not disposed to be exorbitant in their
demands on the United States, or to yield to all
claims which might be set up by the individual
Indians, I would mention that they greatly reduced
the claims, as presented by the individual Indians,
and their award in many instances, perhaps in al-
almost every instance, reduces considerably the
amount of the claim.
But, sir, it is not necessary to go back to that
transaction at all, to see whether they have made
a fair liquidation or not. It is enough for us to act
now, to know the fact, that in the year 1817, by a
solemn act of Congress we recognized that liquida-
tion, and made an appropriation to pay it, though
it was not enough to pay it, as the Senator from
Georgia has said; for, under that act, only two
fifths of the claims were paid; that is, on a claim
s of £.2,000, £>800 wei e paid; and so it was through-
out. The recognition by the Government of the
claim, as far hack as 1817, and its partial payment
make  t obligatory upon us, m my opinion, beyond
dispute, to pay the balance now.
It was for this reason that I remarked, in a
speech which I made on this subject, when the
deficiency bill was under consideration, that I con-
sidered this claim as the only item in it which was
a real deficiency. It was to makeup a balance
due upon a claim which had been liquidated and
recognized by us, and paid in part. My opinion
is that it should have remained in the deficiency
bill, but the Senate struck it out. k has now
pleased the House of Representatives to provide
for the claim in this bill; and I do think it is time—
I think we owe it to the ordinary considerations
ot justice, to say nothing of libeiahty and gener-
osity, towai ds a people whose country we have
taken, and whose dearest rights, we are bound to
admit, wc have trampled upon—to pay them now
what they ask, not as a favor, but what they de-
mand as a simple act of justice, which we ac-
knowledged thirty-five years ago.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I do not propose
to examine this question fully, since the Senator
from Georgia has so clearly explained the grounds
upon which the claim is supported. But 1 think
that this proposition can be clearly discriminated
from that class of pioposiUons, or from that course
of legi^' ^':on, to which we seem to have a consid-
erable t«- nien^y, in regard to compensations to the
Indians lor then lands: that is, going back and
mquiting whether strict justice has be^n done to
them, and whether more ought not to be done,
upon some promises in some shape or form made
by the agents of the Government at some time. 1
think this claim can be well discriminated from
that whole class, in regard to which I agree with
the Senator from Virginia, that it would be highly
impolitic to go back and examine foi years and
years past, no matter how long or at what more
recent period, and see whether exact and piecise
justice was. done to an [ndian tribe, when we had
"taken a portion of their lands from them by trea-
ty; because in general it is but little more or less
than taking their lands, for we give them such
compensation as we are willing to give. I agree
with the honorable Senator from Virginia as to
that.
Nor can the idea be sustained of equalizing the
payments that are made to indemnify the Indian
tribes for their lands, under treaties made at vari-
ous periods by the Government. Such a thing
would be utterly impossible. We have not the
means of doing it justly, in the first place, and in
the second place, we are called upon by no con-
siderations of justice to do it. I thmk, if the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia has listened to the
train of argument submitted by the Senator from
Georgia, and will listen to an addition or two
which I propo>e to make, he will see that this
claim stands entirely upon a different ground.
And 1 think, in order to understand it properly,
it would be well for the Senate to throw out of
view altogether all that has been said, and all the
evidence that has been adduced as to the value of
the lands taken from these Indians, under the
treaty of Fort Jackson in 1814. We can throw
that altogether out of the case; for, as I under-
stand the claim, it is not based upon that idtn.
That has only been thrown in as a make weight,
as an auxiliary argument, to show that justice le
quired something to be done towards these In-
(\ians in regard to another matter.
I have been led to look somewhat carefully into
ji this claim, upon the request of the honorable Sen-
!, ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] whose ac-
;j curacy and judgment in these examinations I have
]{ had an opportunity of testing upon many prior
jj occasions. When this proposition was brought
i! up in the Senate as an amendment to the deficiency
li bill, 1 must confess that my impression was
!! against the justice of the claim set up on behalf of
ji the Creeks. I was not entirely satisfied in regard
!l to it; but my impression was then strongly against
j, it. I have since made a more careful examination
j! into the matter, and find that no connection really
i exists between the foundation of this claim, and
; the claim as to the value of the lands which were
1 taKen from the friendly Creeks.
i1 Again, I was unfavorably impressed towards
! the claim when the question was up before, by
j the consideration that, subsequent to 1814, and
:: subsequent to 1817, and even subsequent to 1818,
when these claims were liquidated, there had been
two or three treaties made with the Creek Indians
by this Government, and I did not clearly perceive
why, if this had been a subsisting claim at the
time, and the Indians had continued to make the
claim—I mean the friendly Indians m the war of
1814—it was that this claim was not liquidated in
those subsequent treaties. My mind was strongly
impressed with the idea that if it had been well-
founded—if the Indians themselves felt that they
were clearly entitled to this additional compensa-
tion for their losses in the war of 1814, it would
then have be^n set up, and would have been al-
lowed by the Government, or we should have
known why it was rejected.
There are two grounds upon which I doubted
before, when this question was up.
If we can divert our minds of all that, lias been
said, and all that has been found in these reports,
as to the treaty of Fort Jackson, in regard to the
cession of land, and in regard to the stipulation
by which we obtained a large quantity of land,
first from the hostiles, and then neaily as large a
quantity fiom the friendly portion of the Creeks,
we may be better able to see whether this claim
is really founded upon distinct principles of its
own. not. connected with this idea of going back
and paying a full compensation for lands that we
got by the tieaty a long time ago.
Now, sir, four or five months before this capit-
ulation—for I must here recapitulate a port of the
argument used by the honorable Senator from
Georgia—General" Pmckney, who was then the
commander-in-chief of these forces, was written
to by the Secretary of War, to assure the friendly
Indians that they should be fully indemnified for
all their losses sustained during the war. Gene-
ral Pinckney communicated the contents of this
letter to the agent for the Indians, Colonel Haw-
kins. Colonel Hawkins sent runners through the
Creek country, particularly to the friendly Creeks,
inciting them to assist the Government of the
United States against the hostiles. And it was
in good part in consequence of this notification,
that he succeeded in a few months m getting
both the hostile Creeks and friendly Creeks to-
gether in general council, where General Jackson
made known the terms upon which he woidd treat
with them.
Complaint was made at that time to General
Jackson, or he was reminded of the promise made
to them of indemnity for their losses; and 1 be-
lieve he said they should be indemnified. The
tieaty was made. This was in 1814. Subse-
quently the agent of the Creeks was directed by
the proper Department of the Government to as-
certain and liquidate the claims of the friendly
Creeks for spoliations committed by the hostiles
duiing the war in 1813 and 1814. In 1810 claims
to the amount of about $100,000, I believe, were
presented. I do not remember whether it was m
the council of the chiefs or how. As I under-
stand the communication of Colonel Hawkins, he
communicated to the War Department the fact
that the claims then, in 1816, supposed to be good,
amounted to about £>80,000; but he said, at the
same time, that the account was imperfect—that
all the chums were not presented or adjudicated,
or, to use a mercantile phrase, liquidated. Con-
gress, in 1817, appropriated $85,000, and put that
amount at the disposal of the Government The
Government sent it out to the agent* svho was, at
that time, I believe, General Mitchell, who had
superceded Colonel Hawkins, with instructions
that if that were not enough to pay the whole
amount, he should distribute it prorata among the
claimants to the amount of the claims then ascer-
tained , as far as the liquidation had been attempted.
in his report of the case, he expressly says that
the account which he had sent was not complete.
There were further claims to be ascertained and
liquidated. When this sum of money was placed
at the disposal of the agent, he paid it pro rata to
the claimants, and reported that a balance of
$110*000 remained unpaid. This report came in
in the year 1818; for this liquidation, under which
this balance of $110,000 remained unpaid, did not
take place in 1817. The final liquidation of the
claims took place in 1818. The friendly Creeks
came forward and claimed this balance; and that
is the foundation of the present claim.
The report of Mr. McLane, made in 1824, is
relied upon to show that these Indians are not en-
titled to any balance. I will not recapitulate all
the views submitted by the honorable Senator from
Georgia upon that point, to show that the distin-
guished gentleman who made that report either
had not the proper documents before him, or that
he totally misunderstood those that were before
him. I am of opinion that, by looking into the
papers belonging to the question of that time, it
will be seen that he had the data before him by
which he could have corrected his own report,
and that this balance of $110,000 remained after
the $85,000, which had been appropriated, had
been paid. One mistake of that report was in as-
suming that the $85,000 which had been paid was
to be deducted from the $110,000, and in assuming
the amount of the original claim as being $110,000,
and therefore refusing to make a further appro-
priation.
There was an antecedcntreportofMr. Lowndes,
which has been referred to, which was made, I
think, in 1817,m which Mr. Lowndes recognized
distinctly the obligation of the Government to pay
this claim; but it lias no other connection with it
except to show that that distinguished man recog-
nised the obligation of the Government to pay the
whole of this claim when ascertained.
Then, sir, this is a claim in the first place due,
not to the Creek nation as a nation, but it is due
only to a portion of the tribe. It was due to the
friendly Creeks, constituting, it may be, a ma-
jority, or less than a majority, or, perhaps, more
than a majority of the whole tribe. Subsequent
treaties were made with the Creeks: one was
made in 1821. It is very well known that that
treaty was made, as was alleged at the time, and
as is now, 1 suppose, generally admitted, by Gen-
eral Mcintosh and his followers, without the con-
sent of many of the leading chiefs and warriors
of the tiibe; for which reason he lost his life, and
the lives of those who united with him in that
treaty of Indian Spring, were endangered. That
was the first treaty made by him without due au-
thority from his tribe. The Government of the
United States subsequently acknowledged this fact.
In 182G there was an additional treaty made,
which was to repair the mischiefs, and to restore
harmony to the Creek nation, in consequence of
the disruption of it, occasioned by the treaty of
Indian Spring, made in 1821. The friendly Creeks
—I am narrating now the circumstances which
have reconciled my mind to believe that there is
sufficient reason to support this claim—entered
into that treaty of 1826 with a view to restore the
harmony which had been interrupted in conse-
quence of the arrangement made by General
Mcintosh in 18*21. These claims then existed
only as individual claims, and did not belong to
the nation in its tribal character. This claim was
still left by that treaty in the condition of a private
claim on the part of the friendly Creek Indians,
w ho had never been indemnified for the losses sus-
tained by them at the hands of the hostiles in the
war of 1813-T4. *
The treaty of 1832,about which we had a good
deal of discussion in this Chamber some weeks
ago, was a treaty by the whole tribe, not so much
for the cession of the country, as for the cutting
of it. into reservations, with liberty to themselves
to sell it without even executing an agreement to
remove westward. This was a treaty entered
into under circumstances of expediency and pres-
sing necessity, at the tone, with the whole nation,
including the hostiles. It will be observed that all
these treaties—those of 1821, 1826, and 1832—
were treaties nominally made in the name of the
whole nation. The treaty of 1821 was, in fact.
