1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
what I think is an indispensable adjunct to this
policy—keep on hand a huge standing- army.
Then they are to be transported to Hungary, and
111 the mean time she is again prostrate; and we, I
suppose., would either return with our fingers in
our mouths, or wage a war to resuscitate her. In
other words, we would wage a war to bring into
existence a republic rather than to succor one. If
we desire to engage in this policy, I think France
presents a fair theatre. That is the view I hinted
at yesterday; but I did not wish to elaborate it
then, and, of course, I do not mean to attempt it
now, in the five minutes that are allotted me. I
shall do it hereafter. But I undertake to say that
this doctrine of intervention is utterly inconsistent
with the whole structure of our Government.
Under a monarchy it is different. When the King
of England or any other of the potentates of
Europe make a declaration against intervention,
they have ail the war power in their own hands,
and they can back their declaration without con-
sulting anybody. 1 undertake to say, with some
little knowledge of history upon this subject, that
there has been no case where any nation of Eu-
rope has taken the decisive stand which we are
called upon to take, thAt did not at least commence
making preparation for war coexistent with its
declaration. In most cases the preparation has
preceded the declaration; and to cause jt to be
respected this must be done. If we are to adopt
this European policy, we must adopt all essential
parts of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment to the amendment of Mr.
Ciiuhciiweli , anil it was not agreed to.
Mr. RIGHARDSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Churciiwell.] 1 offer the
following:
Resolved. That the Speaker be requested to appoint a
committee ulio shall report to tin-; llnu«o whcthei, in their
opinion, the resolution oftlio last Congees, inviting Father
Mathew to a scat in thin Hall, committed members of ('on-
gie^ and the Governmentor'the United States to the cause
of tcmperancc.
[Great laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is the
pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. CnrucnwELL.]
Mr. STEPHENS. What has become of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in older.
- Mr. YATES. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
•'And that said committee be mstiuetert to inform Louis
Kossuth that th<- Government of the United States will not
look with indifference on the intervention of Russia, or
any other foieign Powei, asramst Hungary, m any struggle
lor hboitv she may hcreatter have against the despotic
powei ot'Austua.''
Mr. YATES said: I have introduced this
amendment only fur the purpose of saying that
{ am in favor of the onginal resolution. I am
astonished that gentlemen will not permit the
House to come to a fair vote upon that resolution.
The resolution does not commit, the House to the
principle of intervention. No, sir; not e\en by
implication or construction. There is nothing in
it which, according to a fair and honest interpre-
tation, can be construed a committal to that prin-
ciple. The only question is, whether we will
extend a cordial welcome to this illustrious cham-
pion of human rights. It contains a simple direc-
tion to the committee to wait upon Louis Kossuth,
and to introduce him to this House. When gen-
tlemen array the objection of intervention against
this resolution, they travel out of the record.
There is no such averment in the declaration. It
is a simple act of courtesy, and no more. I would
not, sir, heedlessly involve tins nation in the affairs
of foreign nations. I see no reason yet to change
the time-honored policy of the country—entang-
ling alliances with none; and immediate inter-
vention, by means and men, might prove most
disastrous to the best interests of our country, and
might even endanger its existence, to say nothing
of the blood to be shed and the immense amount
of treasure to be expended in such a fanciful cru-
sade for liberty.
But. sir, I would be willing to go further even
than this resolution, and to express, in unequivo-
cal terms, our sympathy for every nation strug-
gling agaiust power and despotism for true and
genuine liberty.
Who is Louis Kossuth ? lie stands forth prom-
inent before the civilized world as the distinguished
representative of the democratic principle in Eu-
rope; as one who, in the council chamber of his
native land—in the Hungarian Diet—coi^tended
for the abolition of feudal prerogatives, for the
principle of popular representation, and for unre-
stricted equality without regard to rank or birth—
and who is now the great missionary of freedom,
and is setting on fire the whole ci\ilizpd world by
the splendor and power and brilliancy of his elo-
quence in the sacred cause of oppressed humanity.
He comes here an exile. Overcome by his ene-
mies, defeated by the treachery of his friends, in-
carcerated in Austrian dungeons, banished from
his native country, from the home of his childhooti,
yet his lofty spirit, still unbroken, towers with the
great idea of redemption to Hungary, and his great
heart still beats with the unfaltering purpose to
strike for freedom and the rights of man. This,
sir, is the man whom we propose to welcome.
Sir, if it be intervention, which 1 deny, to shake
by ttic hand this republican, then I nm for interven-
tion. If it be intervention to proclaim our sym-
pathy for any peoplestrugglingfordisenthralment
from tyranny, for the great principles of demo-
cratic liberty, then I am for it. [Several voices:
"That's right.If it be intervention for this
Congress to express its indignant condemnation
of the tyranny of Austria and the double tyranny
of Russia, in the progress of this J lungarian war,
then 1 nmforit. [Voices: "That's ri^ht.""] Sir,
the inglorious sentiment that we, the fieest nation
in the world, enjoying all the blessings of republi-
can government, can be indifferent to the struggles
of the oppressed for the same. libeity we possess,
is a sentiment unworthy of the spirit of the age in
which we h\e, and should fiad no lodgment in the
American heart. It has been the policy of this ,
Government to express its sympathy in such cases,
and I hone it will continue to be. We must do
right, sir, let the consequences he what they may.
If Russia and Austria take ofleni e and bring on
war, it will he their war and not ours. We shall
fight in the defence; and in a righteous war upon
our own soil, we could bid defiance to the despot-
isms of the world. Bright glories have covered
our aims in three wars already; but in this last
and final struggle between freedom and despotism,
our good old Hag would be borne aloft in triumph,
the glorious ensign ot liberty to the woild.
Mr. Chasunan, we are told thatthf*ro is no pre-
cedent foi tins wehorne. 1 am v, ilimg to admit
that pi ecedent is worth something, and could show
that we had precedents in o good measme similar
to the case now before us, in the reception of La-
fayette and Father Mathew; but what is it for
which gentlemen ask a precedent' Why, sir, it
is this: we must not take a good republican by the
hand, because we have no precedent for it. This,
sir, with due deference to gentlemen, 1 must say is
simply ridiculous. No precedent, sir! 1 will in-
quire if all advance in legislation, all progiessm
civil or political reform, and even the ftiendly ex-
change of the common courtesies of life, are to be
disregarded, because there is no precedent for them ?
Sir, it is m politics as it is in the physical sciences,
in improvements in agriculture, or the mechanic,
arts; it is on age of progress in winch in some
things we are leaving the old landmarks behind
and striking out a new path. Less t ban half a
century ago, and there was no precedent for steam-
boats, or railroads, or telegraphs. Now, sir. we
huxe /Hccedciits in the palaces that float upon the
bosoms of our rivers and plough the ocean; m the -
iron horse that thunders along our mountains and j
valleys; and m the long wires which hear our !
thoughts and messages faster than eagles fly. Sir,
if there is no precedent in the annals of Corgress
for tendering the hospitalities of this nation to so !
distinguished a champion of human rights as Louis |
Kossuth, then the soonerwehave such a precedent '
the better. The more is the honor to us, if we
shall be the first Congress to set such a glorious j
precedent.
But Kossuth is a foreigner. This, sir, is no ;
objection with me. It is justly our boast, that
ours is an asylum for the oppressed of every clime;
and long, long I hope it will continue to be.
When the lone exile of oppression shall find no
other refuge, here, sir, in all time to come, may
he find a foothold. A considerable portion of th« |
population of the district I have the honor to rep-
resent, consists of Germans, and, sir, they are dis-
tinguished for their intelligence, enterprise, and
public spirit; but more than this,they are distin-
guished for their ardent devotion to our Govern?-
ment. They readily learn our language, take an
interest in our schools and public works, and I
believe, sir, are as sober, industrious-, moral, and
patriotic as our native American citizens. Upon *
the great subject of liberty I humbly trust that
this House cannot hesitate because Kossuth is a
foreigner. The true friends of freedom are united
in the bonds of brotherhood throughout the world,
and no natural barriers, no differences of locality,
of chme, or country, no ocean running between,
should divide them.
Mr. Chairman, this is a noble opportunity for
the representatives of this great nation to testify-
to the world their sympathy for a nation strug-
gling to be free. It should not pass. We should
give to Kossuth such a welcome as is worthy of
his exalted worth—of his privations in the cause
of freedom—of his illustrious services, and of him
as one of the greatest living oiators of the age—
and such a welcome as is worthy of this great
nation. Ours is the greatest and freest nation on
the earth. We have attained to a fuller and more
perfect development of the democratic, principle
than any other people. Then, sir, let us welcome
Kossuth in a manner worthy of this our great
land of free §tates and spreading millions of free
people. Let no idle and inglorious fears of offending
the despots of Europe deter us from the plain dic-
tates of patriotic duty. Let Kossuth fuel that the
simple, unostentatious welcome of this House is a
full reward for all his services in behalf of op-
pressed humanity; and that this land, with insti-
tutions based emphatically upon the power of the
people, is indeed an asylum for the oppressed.
Let. him feel that if he does not get men and
money and armed intervention from our (-rovem-
inent, he gets what is not less potent for his
cause—the moral power of this nation.
Ah-. Chan man, let not the representatives of
the people be behind the people themselves. I re-
joicc, sir, that standing in this the Capitol of my
country for the first time, it is my prerogative to
speak for this resolution. Let us hall Kossuth,
not for himself only, but for his cause, as the
eider Adams said of the Fourth of July, "with
gratulation and joy, with bonfires and illumina-
tions." Welcome should be inscribed upon the
doors of the Capitol, upon the llag that floats
above us 
[Here the hammei fell.]
Air. GREY said, that this debate had taken a
range and latitude, which to him seemed strange
and inappi opnate. The simple question presented
by the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cautter.,] was as to the appointment of a com-
mittee to introduce Mr. Kossuth to the House of
Representatives. Yet a person entering the Hall
and ignorant of the true question before the House,
would suppose that the proposition under discus-
sion was war with Russia and direct intervention
in the contest between Hungary and Austria. The
resolution presents no such is-aie. The question
is simply whether we shall now repudiate, or carry
out the invitation heretofore tendered to Kossuth;
whether we shall extend to him the courtesies to
which we stand committed by the action of the
Executive and by past legislation. In February
last, the Secretary of State, the officer charged
with the management of our foreign relations, had
taken the initiative, and instructed our Minister in
Tuikev to open negotiations with the Turkish
Government for the liberation of Ko-;suth. This
proceeding of the national Executive had been
subsequently indorsed and approved by Congress,
by the resolution of March hist, in-.unctmg the
President to send a national vessel to bring Kos-
suth to this country.
The President m his message informed Con-
gtess that he had complied with their instructions,
and that Kossuth was soon expected to arrive)
and he referred to their consideration the question
of the manner of the reception and treatment of
this disfinguiseed man, thus brought to tniscoun-
try by the order of Congress. Kossuth arrived-,
and the President of the United States, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, had re-
ceived him at New York as the nation's guest
with a national salute. Congress then adopted
the following Joint Resolution:
