1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1098
by the committee must become the printers of
Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I do not understand what
the gentleman means by "profession." We pro-
fess nothing that we have not put upon the rec-
ord, which is there for the inspection of the gen-
tleman, or of any member of the House. What
we have said, we designed to do—we intend to do
in good faith. When this man shows that he can-
not do the work, and will not do it, we will take
it away from him, and give it to somebody else,
and not till then. If he can do it, he will get the
whole of it. But he cannot do it, I-Ie has not
done the President's message yet, which has been
in his hands for nearly five months. He prom-
ised, three months ago, that he would have it fin-
ished in two weeks, and only one third of it is
done now. It is true that we did withhold from
him a portion of the manuscript of the Patent
Office report; but that work, gentlemen will rec-
ollect, embraces two volumes, and is not yet re-
ported complete. If that work is printed at all, it
must be done by one man, in order that the two
volumes may be uniform. But we saw, as plainly
as could be, that this man was not capable of
doing the work, and did not design to do it; and
hence the reason why we did not put that portion
of the Patent Office report in hand. The truth
is, I do not know that we have got the power to
do it yet. It was referred to us, to report to the
House as to the number of extra copies to be
printed. We have made no report upon that sub-
ject yet, and it may be that we have no power to
send the book to the printer, until the House has
decided upon the number of copies to be published.
At any rate, it would not be good policy to send
it to the printer, until it is known what number
will be required.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] says,
further, that we gave Mr. Hamilton no notice. I
tell you, sir, that he has had notice from the first
day he commenced this work, down to the pres-
ent time, that he was not acting in compliance
with his contract, but was in default all the time.
The deduction of ten per cent, on the first work
he brought to the committee, was notice enough,
in all conscience, that he was in default. The
continued deductions of that amount up to the pres-
ent time, was standing notice to him that he was
not complying with his contract, but was in de-
fault. Mr. Speaker, I have nothing more to say
upon the subject, and as other gentlemen around
me desire to speak, I shall give way for them.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, next obtained the
floor.
Mr. POLK. I desire to renew the motion to
lay this whole subject upon the table. It was my
purpose to do it when the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had concluded his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana was recognized by the Chair. The Chair
cannot anticipate the purposes of gentlemen.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I did not un-
stand that I was under obligations to renew the
motion, or 1 should have done it.
The SPEAKER. If there was any such un-
derstanding, it is too late now, for the gentleman
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PARKER then said: I did not intend to
make a single remark in reference to this subject,
until my attention was attracted to it by a sugges-
tion that this matter was probably to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The Speaker
. of the House, at the opening of this session, saw
fit to place me upon that committee, and I confess
that when the idea of referring this subject to the
Judiciary Committee saluted my ear, I was some-
what astonished. It struck me as strange that a
matter of printing should be referred to that com-
mittee. I have had my attention somewhat at-
tracted to this thing since then, and it strikes me,
with my humble knowledge of judicial affairs and
the interpretation of laws, that there never was a
clearer question presented to this House.
One of the membeisof the Committee on Print-
ing made an allusion, yesterday, to the fact, that in
numbers of these documents that had been pre-
sented to us, there were instances of what printers
call £< monks" and (t friars," brief margins, and so
forth. Itstrikesmethattliereareasinany"monks"
and " friars" to be found in the course of this de-
bate as there are in any of those documents; and
I confess that they are, as they appear in our
printing, disgraceful to this House. I make this
remark with due deference to the House, and with-
out intending disrespect to any gentleman here. I
should be happy, if I had it in my power, in call-
ing the attention of the House to the law of the
land—above which we are not—to relieve this
chamber from some of the "monks" and " friars"
that have intruded upon us here; and I would be
extremely gratified if, in addition to all that, I could
cut this thing off so as to leave no " margin" for
future difficulties.
Now, sir, I am a new member of this House,
but I am not altogether a new man. I am getting
old. I have had my attention somewhat attracted
to public affairs. I am aware of the fact that Con-
gress has existed for more than half a century, and
1 think it would strike any wise man with wonder
that we should be involved in such interminable
difficulty as we have been for days, in reference
to the mechanical execution of work that apper-
tains to us. Why, I expect the next thing will
be troubles in regard to the cleaning of this Hall.
These things are all provided for. I ask gentle-
men to suggest to me wherein I am wrong in the
representations that I am about to make to the
House. I hold in my hand the act in reference
to this subject, approved August 3, 1846. I sup-
pose that is the law that is to rule us. We of this
House cannot make or repeal laws alone. Our
resolutions do not override laws. Our reports do
not override laws. We must see what the law is,
where there'is a law in the case. It is our rule, as
much as the Constitution is our rule.
The fourth and last section of that law reads in
these words:
"Jlnd be it further resolved, That all laws and parts of
laws now in force, not m conformity with the provi^on^ of
this joint resolution, be and the same are hereby lepealed "
I understand, then, that the three preceding
sections cover the case. Now what are they?
I ask the attention of gentlemen, who have been
wandering for days through this maze of difficul-
ties in which the whole politics of this nation, the
price of printing, and every other considerable
thing, has been involved, to this law.
The first section of this law provides, that at the
beginning of the final session of every Congiess,
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives shall advertise for pro-
posals to do the printing of the next Congress. It
provides, over and above this, that they shall pre-
pare and show specimens of the kind of work that
is to be done—bills, resolutions, reports from
committees, Journal, Executive documents, and so
forth—and they are also to provide samples of the
paper and of the type, and of the manner m which
the work is to be done. After that is done, and
bids are presented and examined, a contract is to
be made with the lowest responsible bidder, and
then the duties of those officers in this respect are
concluded.
I now beg members tolook to the second section;
and if there ever was a clear proposition since the
sun shone upon the earth, it seems to me it is clear
that we have been involving ourselves m the most
useless difficulties that can be imagined. If this I
law be good for anything, if it is to be as effective |
as any other law, if it is to cover the case that it j
pretends to cover, I ask you, when you look into !
this second section, what is there left for us to J
quarrel about ? The second section reads: !
Jlnd be it further resolved, That a committee, consist-
ing ol three members of the Senate and three members of
the House of Representatives, shall be chosen by their
lespeclive Houses, which shall constitute a Committee on
Pnntinff, which shall have power to adopt such measures
as may "be deemed neces-ai\ to renicdj an > neglect or delay
on the part of the contractu (piovided loi above) to exe-
cute the work oidered b> Congress."
Well, now, that looks very simple indeed; and
it is a most beautiful exemplification of the difficulty
we have been involved in here. Two hundred
and thirty-three members have been for several
days trying to do the work of this committee.
The law has precluded us from being troubled
with any of these difficulties. The committee
14 shall have power to adopt such measures as may
' be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect or
' delay on the part of the contractor to execute the
'work ordered by Congress, and to make a pro
4 rata reduction in the compensation allowed, or to
i refuse the icork altogether, [mark that,] should it
{ be inferior to the standard" set up here in the,
first section. I
But, sir, who is to be the judge? That com- j
mittee is as much a tribunal as is the Supreme i.
Court of the United States; and we have no more
to do with its decisions than we have with the
decisions of that tribunal. This section goes oni
to say: "or to refuse the work altogetherif it
' shall be inferior to the standard; and in all pases
4 the contractor and his securities shall be responsi-
1 ble for any increased expenditure consequent upon
* the non-performance of the contract. The com-
{ mittee shall audit and pass upon all accounts for
• printing," &c.
The third and last section but one, which one
only provides for repealing all laws not in con-
formity with this resolution, provides—
"That all motions to print extra numbers of any bill,
paper, or document, m either IIou&c, shall he referred to
the members of the committee of that House, who shall
repoit upon the propriety of punting, and the probable ex-
pense thereof, as early as convenient. And all expenses
lor printing shall be paid from the contingent fund of the
two Houses in propoitiou to the number of copies ordered
by each, except the expense of composition, which shall be
paid by the House which shall have first ordeied the piint-
ing ot the paper or document; and if there shall be a second
compo.-ihon, it shall be paid for by the House which shall
authorize and direct the same; and whenextia copies of
any document or paper shall be ordered by botli Houses,
they shall be delivered to the two Houses simultaneously,
in proportion to the number of copies by them respectively
oideied.1'
Now, that is the business of the committee, and
we have nothing to do with it. We can do noth-
ing unless we get the consent and help of the Pres-
ident and Senate to amend the law. And there is
great wisdom in that provision, as I said before.
We have had a beautiful illustration of it here for
the last two or three days, when we have been
resolving ourselves into a sort of committee of cen-
sorship upon the Committee on Printing. For
myself, I know but very little upon the subject of
printing; and if we weie to act upon the matter—
if the House were to undertake to direct the com-
mittee how to act—I should wish for a good deal
of time, and to take a good deal of pains to in-
form myself upon the subject; and so with every
other gentleman here. It is for that very reason
that the law provides that three intelligent gen-
tlemen should be selected from this, and alike
number from the other branch of Congress,
who should have specially in charge this whole
matter, and thus relieve the House. Now, it
seems to me that there can be no difficulty what-
ever in the case; but if any exist, it is that sug-
gested by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] m relation to the constitu-
tion of this committee. That gentleman is an old
and able lawyer, and went right to the head of the
difficulty, if there be any. If this committee be
rightly constituted, we have nothing more to do
with it—we have no right to direct them. If we
were to pass ever so many resolves for that pur-
pose, they would not be worth the paper they
were written on. They would be the merest
chaff; for we cannot rise above this law. If you
would strike at the substance of this case, you
will find that if there be any difficulty whatever, it
is in the constitution of the committee. There is
an old maxim—and a very good one it is, too—it
would be well if this House would adopt it—that
" what a man does by another he does himself."
Now, I have given this question but a moment's
thought, and I conclude there can be no difficulty
in relation to the constitution of this committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PARKER. Oh, certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to inquire whether
this House can delegate its legislative powers per
sc, and whether it can delegate"its judicial powers
per se, and whether the choice of the committee is
not one of them ?
Mr. PARKER This House has no legislative
powers per se, nor has it any judicial powers per $e.
It has certain official duties to perform, and I pre-
sume it will be its own judge of the manner in
which those duties are to be performed. My
friend from Pennsylvania was here at the opening
of the session, and why did he not interpose ob-
jections then to this mode of constituting this com-
mittee? The judgment has gone now by default,
and too many days have now passed to allow a
motion to be entertained to set it aside for a new
trial. I suppose, too, it would now be a work of
supererogation, and my friend is too old and wise
a lawyer to demand a new trial when he knows
the judgment must still be the same. That would
be a culpable creation of costs. The decision of
the Speaker would, of course, be the same, and
