182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
"Resolved by the-Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled,, That the Con-
gress of the United States, in the name and beliair of the
people of the United States, give to Lotus Kossuth a cor-
dial welcome to the capital and to the country; and that a
copy of this resolution be transmitted to him by the Presi-
dent of the United States."
Where did this demonstration in favor of Kos-
suth originate? It was not a Democratic meas-
1 ure, nor a "Whig measure; but a measure of the
National Executive—of the Secretary of State,
who controls the foreign affairs of the country,
arid who first suggested that we should pass a
joint resolution welcoming Louis Kossuth to the
capital and the country.
In compliance with'the invitation tendered him
by Congress in this joint resolution, Kossuth
presents himself in this capital. Now, the plain
question is, Will you recall, or will you fulfill the
invitation you have given him ? Are you now
doubtful of his worth and merits? And had you
not the same data, by which to judge of his worth
and merits, before you gave him this invitation,
as now ? My colleague on my right [Mr. Ewing]
fears that this tends to intervention m the affairs
of Europe, and asks where are we to stop? I an-
swer, that the question of intervention or non-
intervention is not before us. It will be time
enough to decide that question when it arises.
The question now presented, and the only ques-
tion, is, shall we fulfill the reasonable expectations
created by our own previous action 4 Having in-
vited Kossuth to come to the capital, shall we
receive him and treat him with courtesy, now
that he has accepted our invitation ? And shall
we, by so doing, express our sympathy for the
progress of liberal institutions and resublicanism
m Europe, of which he is the representative ?■ I
do not intend to contribute in any way to involve
my country in a war, for the propagation of the
doctrines advocated by Kossuth. Yet I see no
reason why we should not give him and his cause
the moral influence of our countenance and sym-
pathy, by receiving him with the civility and po-
liteness due to our own self-respect. The law of
nations does not forbid the exercise of such hospi-
tality, nor the expression of our sympathies for
tins distinguished man and the cause he represents.
The despotic powers of the world combine to
- maintain and uphold their doctrines, and why
should we hesitate to give the moral influence of
our sympathy to the cause of liberal and republi-
can institutions, or to extend to their representa-
tive the civilities to which we are committed ? To
my colleagues, who differ from me on this ques-
tion , I say that the people of Kentucky would
not hesitate to do so, fully, frankly, heartily,
and gracefully, as the occasion demands.
Sir, Louis Kossuth, as the great apostle of lib-
erty, as the representative of those who advocate
liberal principles in Europe, as a martyr to those
principles, and an exile from his own dear Hun-
gary, would be greeted nowhere with a more cor-
dial and whole-souled welcome, than m Kentucky.
To my colleagues who oppose this resolution
(Messrs. Marshall and Ewing) I will suppose
this case: They unite in an invitation to a distin-
guished but unfortunate individual, a citizen of
another State of this Union, or, if they please, of
a foreign government, to come and make his home
in Kentucky. They send their "coach and four"
to bring him to the State. He arrives. They
again unite in a joint note, bidding him welcome
to the State, and to their houses. He so conducts
himself that he is received in every town and city
with the greatest enthusiasm, with every token of
the highest appreciation, and he is escorted by
committees from town to town, till he reaches the
doors of my two colleagues. Would they then
say to their families and friends, " Sit still, be
quiet, don't move; I won't invite this man in, nor
introduce him to my household, for fear he may
next ask for a loan of money, or some new favor;
or lest he may not behave like a gentleman, and
act in all respects with propriety." Is this Ken-
tucky hospitality ? No, sir; no. After such invi-
tations and antecedents, a Kentuckian would meet
the stranger at the door; would do it handsomely;
would take him cordially by the hand, and ex-
claim, "Welcome, sir, thrice welcome to these
halls. Allow me the pleasure of introducing you
to my family and friends." This much is due
from this House to the distinguished patriot and
£xile, who now stands at our door—our own in-
cited guest. The resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio does this, and commits us to nothing more;
and I will vote for it with all my heart.
But it is said that if you receive him, as this
resolution proposes, he will next ask your aid and
intervention in the affairs of Hungary. Be it so.
Will it be a crime in Kossuth to ask our aid ? I
think not. He has* a right to ask, as we have a
right to grant, or to withhold, as we may judge
fitting and proper, when the demand or request is
presented. And I ask how we will be in any
worse condition to refuse his request, after we have
received him with that hospitality and those civili-
ties, which seem called for by the invitation which
has brought him. here. If you invite a man to
your house, you receive him when lie comes, with
cordial courtesy; and if he afterwards presents an
unreasonable request, or one which you do not
tltink proper to concede, you may th«n with better
grace decline.
It has been imputed, as an offence, to Kossuth,
that he has appealed from the Government to the
people. I do not so understand him. In contrast-
ing the Governments of Europe with that of the
United States—a contrast drawn from him by the
excitement of the warm reception with which his
landing in America was greeted by the people—he
has said that here the people are sovereign, as
they should be, and as he wishes to see them in
his own country. In declaring that the people
are the true sovereigns, I understand lnm as
declaring his assent to that principle of our Gov-
ernment, which he wishes to see introduced into
his own country. Has not every member of this
House, in his canvassing, used the same language,
and in the same spirit, when addressing the
people ? If so, did they mean any offence to the
people or to the Government? If not, why take
exception to the same language when spoken by
Kossuth? For my part, being well convinced
that he intended no offence, I will not captiously
take offence. It is also urged that we offered him
an asylum; that we invited him to become a resi-
dent amongst us; and that we ought not to receive
him because he comes, not to reside, but as a
transient visitor. But if you invite a person to
take up his abode with you, and he comes to thank
you, will you turn your back upon him, because
he respectfully makes known that his circum-
stances prevent his accepting your kind offer?
We do not do so in Kentucky. No, sir. Con-
gress invited Kossuth to come to America. On
his arrival, the President received him as the na-
tion's guest, with a national salute. Congress
has since invited him to the capital; and since he
has come on that invitation, I, for my part, will
receive him in the manner which I think our pre-
vious action requires—with the cordial sympathy
due to his cause, with the honors due to him as
its representative, and with the polite courtesy and
generous hospitality for which the American peo-
ple are distinguished, and none more than the peo-
ple of the State which I have the honor m part to
represent.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tellers
on Mr. Yates's amendment; which were ordeied;
and Messrs. Averett and Fowler appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 6, noes 90. No quorum voting.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll! ']
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, inquired if a mo-
tion that the committee do now rise was in order.
The CHAIRMAN replied that the motion would
not be in order, as the rule required that when the
committee found itself without a quorum the roll
should be called.
The roll was then called, and the committee
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the "committee reported the facts
to the House, with the names of the absentees.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed its session.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Orr and Fowler were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 50, noes 74.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was next again taken on Mr.
Yates's amendment; and the tellers reported—
ayes 2, noes 77. No quorum voting.
So the roll was again called.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairtlian of the committee
reported the facts, and the names of the absentees
to the House.
A quorum being present, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. WALSH moved to amend the motion by
adding, "with instructions to report the resolu-
tion to ihe'j louse."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment outof
order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers on the motion that the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Snow, and
Johnson ofTennessee, appointed.
The question being then taken, tellers reported—
ayes 15, noes 74; no quorum voting.
The roll was called.
The committee rose, and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having caused the roll to be
called, had found itself without a quorum.
Mr. ASHE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired if a
motion for a call of thei House would not take
precedence of the motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER ruled that it would not.
Mr. TOWNSHEND called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The question being then taken, it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Averett, Thos. H. Bayly,
Barrere, Boeock, Bowie, Brooks, Albert G. Brmvn, E. C.
Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Churchiveil, Cobb,
Cullom, Dockery, Edmundson, Ewing, Fitch, Goodenow,
Hail, Hammond, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hlllyer, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James John-
soil, George W. Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Lockbart, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Martin, McMullm, Meacham, Miller, John
Moore, Moreliead, Murphy, Porter, Powell, Savage, Scher-
merhorn. Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,
Taylor, Venable, Watkms, and Williams—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Babcock, Bart-
lelt, Bell, Bissell, John H. Boyd, Breckisnridge, Brenton^
llriggs, Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Chapman,
Chas'tam, Cleveland, Clingman, Conger, George T. Davis,
John G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton,
Fieklin, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thos.
J. D. Fuller, Gayloid, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green, Grow, Henn, Ilorsford, John W. Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, John Johnson, Robert\V. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, J.etcher, Mace, Mann,
Million, Molonv, Nailers, Newton, Peaslee, Penniman,
Perkins, Rantoul, Robie, Robinson, Sackett, Scudder, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart,
Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Eichard
H. Stanton, Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, George
W. Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck. Walhridge,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Addison \Vhite, Wil-
drick, and Yates—88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Before the above result was announced—
Mr. GENTRY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to propound a question to the Chair.
I simply wish to know whether it «'ill be in order
for me to move, provided the House does not ad-
journ, that the Committee of the Whole be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the res-
olution, and instructed to report that resolution
forthwith to the House without amendment?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. VENABLE. I object.
[Cries of " Go on !" "Go on !"]
Mr. GENTRY. I do not claim the right of
debate, but only ask the permission of the
House 
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!" "Go on !" "Go
| on !" from numerous members.]
I Mr. GENTRY. I was about to remark 
[Cries of " Order !"" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot proceed.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum pres-
ent, the chairman of the committee [Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee] will resume the chair. That is the
order of business under the rules.
The Chairman resumed the chair, and an-
nounced that the question before the committee wa 
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Yates] to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Churchwell.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. The question be-
fore the committee was on the motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Florida is correct. Upon this question tellers
had been ordered, and when they had reported,
