1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
made by a fraction of it, but not by thisparticular
fraction—being made by a portion of these friendly
Creeks who are the claimants, and perhaps a
portion of the hostiles united with them. The
treaty of 1826 was a national one, as regards the
Indians, brin^mg in the whole tribe. Still these
friendly Creeks—who had suffered in 1814, acting
under the jarring interests and ill-feeling that ex-
isted among the different fractions of the tribe—at
that time, without any prospect of success, at-
tempted to interpose into the treaty what was con-
sidered a private claim against the Government of
the United States in consequence of the promise
of General Pinckney in 1814.
Then there is further evidence, that during the
whole of this period Ho-poth-le-yoholo particu-
larly, one of the most distinguished chiefs that
belonged to the friendly part of the tribe, never
lost sight of an opportunity of pressing this claim
upon the Government. It truly rests upon his
own authority to say—for we have no other doc-
umentary evidence of it—that in 1832, the last
general treaty with the tribe, lie did present that
claim, and urged the propriety and justice of its
being paid. He said that General Jackson said
to him, in 1814, that this was a matter which
concerned the whole country. " We want you to
6 remove; but whenever you remove and go "West
•this money will be ready for you; you shall he
' allowed the whole of your losses incuired in the
4 war of 1814," 1 do not pretend that there is any
documentary evidence for this, but we find by the
report of Mr. McLane, in 1834, that it was a
claim then prosecuted.
In 1841—while it was my bad fortune, perhaps,
to be a few months at the head of one of the De-
partments—1 dispatched an intelligent agent, well
acquainted with the Indian character and Indian
affairs, to that country. There had been so many
panics and alarms got up on the western border
with regard to several discontented portions of
these tribes—the Cherokees and Creeks especially
—that to ascertain the true character of their com-
plaints, and to see if there could be any means de-
vised of giving them content and making them
satisfied, an agent was sent out. One of the
causes of complaint reported by the agent was,
that those who were alive of the old friendly
party in what was called the 44 Red Stick war" of
1814, consideied that this Government had not
kept its faith with them; that they had been prom-
ised by the Government of the United States in-
demnity for their losses; that they had only been
partially paid; that they had brought their claims
again and 8s;ain to the Government; that the Gov-
ernment had shut its ears to them; that they had
prosecuted their claim from time to time, and
that the Government continued to lend a deaf ear
to them, and that they would never be satisfied
until the balance of their losses was paid them.
1 believe such was the written report of the agent.
I have not seen it very recently, but I imagine that
it can very readily be referred to. I adduce this
for the purpose of showing that these Indians never
lost sight of that claim in their national or tribal
character, but that the i epresentatives of this por-
tion of the tribe which incurred the losses, con-
sidered that they had a claim upon the Govern-
ment under its express promise.
Mr. HUNTER. "Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
for I really wish to ascertain his views, not for the
purpose of controversy, but to see what they are.
If I understand him, hi4? opinion is, that we are
Called upon to pay these Indians for the losses
which they sustained in the war—that we are
bound to make good their individual claims for
those losses, and are not hound to pay them any-
thing for the lands which we have taken from
them.
Mr. BELL. JVty judgment is not founded on
the land at all; and thercfoie f said that we could
more ciearly comprehend the full justice of the
claim by throwing out the consideration of the
land.
Mr. HUNTER. But I would ask the Senator
whether, if we are bound to pay this claim, he
does not think we shall have another claim made
here for the land ? I wish to ascertain whether
the Senator thinks this will be the end of it, or
whether it will not bind us to make good another
claim for the lands themselves? For myself it
seems to me that that will be the result. '
Mr. BELL. My opinion is that this Govern-
ment cannot go back in a search after justice, even
if it has been neglected and trodden upon in our
transactions with the Indians. As the honorable
Senator from Virginia himself s^id, if you exam-
ine the scale of allowances made to the Indian
I tribes, you will find that some have had a hundred,
j and some five hundred, and some a thousand per
! cent, more than others, owing to the different cir-
| cumstances under which treaties have been made,
the diffcience in the value of the land, and owing
| also to the different views of justice entertained by
the Governmental different times. I doubt if a
hundred millions of dollars would equalize the al-
lowances to be made to the Indians for the exac-
tions we have made from them of their lands. I
concur most cordially and clearly wi'h the honor-
able Senator from Virginia on that head,and with
regard to the cession of these lands, as the Indians
say, which were taken bv General Jackson when,
like Brennus, he threw the sword into the scale.
I think we cannot go back. The Indians, as a
nation, have had the benefit of the sale of three
fifths of their whole country, at whatever prices
their lands would bring. That has happened to
the hostile as well as to the friendly portion of the
Creek nation. Though f believe they have had
little out of their reservations, yet each head of a
family was permitted to sell and make what he
could outof the six hundred and forty acres which
he held. That was a much larger allowance than
this Government thought proper to allow to nu-
merous other Indian tribes in the treaties we have
made with them. I do not think that on grounds
of policy or of justice, in regard to this tribe—
unless we take up the large, broad, expansive, and
philanthropic idea of indemnifying the remnants
of all these tribes for the value of the land of which
we have deprived them since the foundation of the
Government—that there can be any limitation to
such a proposition. Such a proposition, it ap-
pears to me, would be chimerical—a proposition
which we would not have the power or the re-
sources to fulfill or carry out. I agree that Gen-
eral Jackson took a portion of their lands, as they
called them, but I do not think there is much in
that idea, because the land was as much the land
of the hostile as of the friendly Creeks.
"What the friendly Indians meant by that, as 1
understand, is, that General Jackson took posses-
sion of a strip of territory which they happened
to occupy; for the country occupied by the nation
was one—there was no line between the two sec-
tions separating the friendly from the hostile. I
repeat, that the lands so taken by General Jack-
son belonged quite as much to the hostile as to
the friendly Creeks. The latter had no greater
right than the others, being merely the occupants
of that country; and General Jackson might have
said to them, "I take this land not only from
you, hut from the whole nation; you occupy it as
one nation of Indians; I do not draw any lines
between you." So that I think there is nothing
in that argument, and the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] need not have any fears that they
can come here and make any reclamation on this
Government for having been despoiled of their
lands, as those lands constituted a part of the
common Creek country. This claim is founded
on very different considerations. It is not a claim
made by the whole, but by a part of the Creek
nation, which remained firm m their friendship
to the United States, and who shed their blood in
attempting to reduce their hostile brethren to sub-
mission to the United States. They show that,
in accordance with the terms of the capitulation,
they ought to have been indemnified for their
losses; and they say that they never were indem-
nified.
I have attempted to show the distinctive features
of this claim, as being distinct from that class to
which the Senator from Virginia referred, when
he stated so forcibly and truly that this Govern-
ment could not {To back to do justice to these tribes,
from whom we ha\e obtained' lands, and who now
think that we did not pay them a full and ample
compensation. It is for these reasons, without at-
tempting to go into all the particulars of the case,
that I have been led to change my impression of the
validity of the claim, since this subject was under
consideration on a former occasion. If I am mis-
taken in any material fact, I should like to be cor-
rected. But 1 think this is a private claim, being
set up by a portion of the tribe, and therefore not
in any sense a national claim, which it was not
convenient to pay, and not likely to be taken into
consideration in subsequent treaties, because the
views of a portion of the tribe were hostile to it.
For example, the hostile Indians did not care about
making it a condition in the treaties of 3821, 1826,
or 1832, that the friendly portion of the tribe should
be paid for losses inflicted upon them by the hos-
tile Indians themselves. It was not a matter
which concerned the nation at large; and I think
that because it is rather in the nature of a private
claim, and because these friendly Creeks have
never been able to get the assent of the whole tribe
to urge the claim on this Government, we ought
to be more careful to do them justice than if it
had been an outstanding claim of the tribe from
1814. If it had been an outstanding claim of the
tribe since 1814, I should have reason to suppose
that it would have been settled in the treaty of
1821, or 1826*, or 1832. I have stated the reasons
why it was not settled by either of those treaties.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
And, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, July 28, 3852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
  CORNELIUS COVERT.
Mr. STUART. 1 desire to call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill for the re-
lief of Cornelius Covert was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. It will be recollected
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] objected to the passage of the bill when it
was last up, but since then he has become satis-
fied of the correctness of the bill,andthatitought
to pass. The bill is simply for the correction of
a mistake m the contract. The proof is clear and
conclusive that the contract was drawn up for
$219, when it ought to have been $419, according-
to the accepted bid. The Postmaster General
recomnnended to the committee that the contractor
be paid $396 per annum, which is the amount of
the next bid below him. There can be no objec-
tion to the bill. I repeat that it is simply for the
correction of an error. I therefore move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred.
The question was then put upon Mr. Stuart's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Michigan whether this subject has
been investigated by any committee of the House b
Mr. STUART. I will state that it has been
very carefully examined by the Committee on the
Pose Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLEVELAND. One question further.
I want to know if the committee unanimously-
recommended this bill?
Mr. STUART. So I understand. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] stated
to the House the other day very distinctly, that
there was no question about it. i hope the bill
will be passed at once.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and was subsequently—being
engrossed—read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STUART moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the motion submitted by Mr. Barrere on Fri-
day last, to reconsider the vote by which House
bill No. 290, "granting the right o+" way and
4 making a grant of land to the State of Michigan,
' to aid m the construction of the Oakland and Ot-
'tawa Railroad, commencing at the village of
'Pontiac, in the county of Oakland, and termina-
ting on the navigable waters of Lake Michigan,
'in the county of Ottawa," was laid upon the
table.
Mr. STUART. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and one hun-
dred and sixty members answered to their names.
