1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
the decision of the House would be the same. The
Speaker decided this matter on yesterday, when
the point was roade,and there was no appeal from
his decision.' 1 consider the matter, therefore, as
settled. We of this Congress have settied it by
our tacit consent from the opening- of the session,
when the Speaker must have been guilty of usur-
pation when he exercised the right, the authority,
and power to constitute this committee just as it
is. And, sir, I understand that in this we have
done only what our predecessors have in like man*
ner done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is there so terrible in
this case? I know how men's feelings and sensi-
bilities are wrought upon, I tell gentlemen that
this law, wnh all the power it gives this commit-
tee, was made for wise, practical purposes. No
other law than just such an one as this will do fur
all cases that may arise. This country has for
years been engaged m an extensive system of pub-
lic works. Millions and millions of dollars have
been expended—and, I had almost said, millions
of millions—in the public improvements in the
different States. Yet, what is the fact in regard
to these works? 1 have had occasion to look into
them, not only in my own State, but m New Yoik,
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, and in
every instance where the work was being con-
structed under a general law, the whole matter m
relation to contracts, when made, the progress
and kind of work, is referred to the engineer in
charge,
Mr. VENABL-E. Do I understand my friend
from Indiana to say that this committee is wholly
irresponsible to the House? That, under the law,
the House cannot control or restrain them ?
Mr. PARKER. I |do most unequivocally and
absolutely, in all cases covered by this law, as I
deem this case covered.
Mr. VENAIiLE. And having reported their
action to the House, if. cannot have any further
control over the matter.
Mr, PARKER. So far as the law covers tins
case, their powet is supreme. The law made it
so. "Thete can be no mistake about it. P>utl was
going on to elucidate this question. I say that
when we assume, as a body, to settle these dif-
ficulties, we load a very large gun to shoot small
gafne, and game, too, that is ever on the wing.
The committee, most wisely, have absolute con-
trol in this matter. They are not required to
report to the House in relation to it at all, and I am
only surprised that the committee have given way
to the responsibility and delicacy of then situa-
tion so much as to have done it. It only shows
their great delicacy, and their disposition not to act
further than the majority of the members upon
this floor would approve, were they placed in their
situation, not that they were required to do so.
Mr. FREEMAN". I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to this very point, for the gen-
tleman's remarks agree with my own opinions". I
desire to call the attention of thegentleman to this
interrogatory: How was this matter brought be-
fore the House?
Mr. PARKER. Out of order.
Mr. FREEMAN. Not by a. regular report of
the committee, but by the introduction of a ievo-
lution by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] calling the attention of the House to the
subject.
Mr. PARKER. That was out of order.
Mr. FREEMAN. Thereby forcing the com-
mittee to make a report, which was commenced to
be made verbally, but finally written out. Then
the discussion came up on the motion made to
print that report, by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Havkn.] Upon that motion this
whole debate has ensued. 1 concur with the gen-
tleman from Indiana, that the whole matter°has '
been out of order, from beginning to end. It has
been out of place, and it ought to" be laid upon the
table.
Mr. PARKER. It seems to me that there can
be nothing clearer. This rule was made in con-
nection with that body at the other end of the
Capitol, and we cannot alter it of ourselves, if we
desire.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the motion was made to refer a bill, in con-
nection with this subject, to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to them to report
back a bill providing a plan for executing the
printing.
Mr. PARKER. The'motion was to refer ihe
whole matter to that committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I understand they are
instructed to report back a bill upon this g>iu>ject.
Do I understand the gentleman to say we cannot
do that ?
Mr. PARKER. I understand that we have a
law aheady m inference to the case. And that we
cannot interfere with the duties under the law of
the Committee on Printing. Why, sir, in this
debate we aie, as we are proceeding, mixing up
with the duties of this committee all the politics
of the country. We can have nothing to do with
them in this wise.
Mr, CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question ? 1 agree with the
gentleman from Indiana, that the public printing
has been given to Mr. Hamilton, and if there has
been any neglect upon his part, this committee
have ample powers to remed'y it. They may go
on and get the work done, and make him pay the
difference in the cost of printing, if it be above
his contract prices. But 1 will inquire of the gen-
tleman whether, if they shall find that he is in-
capable of doing the work, they are authorized,
under this law, to make a contract for the entire
printing—that is, for the printing hereafter to be
ordered?
Mr. PARKER. If the gentleman will tell m
what is the meaning of the phrase, " or to refuse
the work altogether," I shall piobably be able to
answer his question, to his satisfaction.
Mr.CUNGMAN. That lias reference to work
already ordered, and delivered to him for execu-
tion.
Mr. PARKER.. I do not so understand it.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. Do I imdeistand the gen-
tleman to say, that they can proceed upon his
bond? Do 1 understand the geutleman, as a law-
yer, to say that he believes they could make the
securities of the public printer liable for his non-
execution of woi k oidered by Congress, but nevei
delivered to him ?
Mr. FREEMAN. Here is the contract. It
states that the printing shall be for the term of the
Thirty-second Congress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask——
Mr. PARKER. I will submit to no further
interruption. I want to finish what! have to say,
and then thegentleman can get the floor. I want
to make my positions clear before they are at-
tacked.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] asks me, in substance, if I understand the
law as giving the committee power to take the
whole printing from the contractor to whom it has
been assigned > Mr. Speaker, in a proper case, 1
have no doubt but such is the law. The paiticu-
Inr clause to which I have referred in'that behalf,
empowering (hem 14 to refuse the work altogether"
to such contracter, is enough, in my mind', to set-
tle the question. But when the whole statute is
looked to—when the several other places m the ;
statute where the pluase " the woik" occuis, and
the practical working of the whole thing, are con- j
templmed—I see no room for doubt or cavil left, j
as to the integrity of my position.
I take it, sir, that the words "the work," !
wherever they occur, mean no moie and no less ;
than '• the necessary pruning" for Congress that
the printer may have stipulated to perform. In
fact, those two phrases appear only separated by
one line, near the beginning of the first section of
the act, and are obviously used as equivalent ex-
pressions. Subsequently, in at least two places,
those words, " the work," are found in the same
section, and twice in the next; and clearly mean
as before stated, wherever found.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of the
House to the " power" vested in this joint com-
mittee by the law as it appears in the next section.
There it is expressly provided, that the commit-
tee "shall have power to adopt such measures as may
be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect or de-
lay" in the performance of the contract. And
amongst the powers specifically delegated is this:
" to refuse the work altogether" stipulated to be
performed by him; and,asamatterofcourse,to em-
ploy somebody else, or others, to do "the work."
Mr. Speaker, no rules of judicial interpretation
are better established than these: To resort to
the context to determine the meaning of all words
and phrases found in the particular statute, and to ,
always give an uniform meaning to the same 1
[ words and phrases whenever found recurring,
, Thus guided, I see no escape from my conclusion.
But the gentleman intimates to me that the words,,
' "the woik," m the connection where this con-
troversy particularly hinges, does not mean all
"the work" contracted to be done, but only a
, particular pari of it. Now, sir, if we concede
that, we make the words mean what another and
i different word means, used in th  first section,,
i and aptly conveying that idea of part. I have ref-
: erence to the word " class*" as there found and so
' used, Sir, such a mode of interpretation is too
| absurd to be admitted.
| But, again, Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of
| the House to the practical working of this thing,
I if you abridge the "power** of this committee—if
| you do not adopt the position I have assumed.
! This law unquestionably was enacted with a view
, to lelieve the House from all trouble m the pro-
! curement of its printing,m determining the style of
i the same, tlie speed with which the work shall be ex-
ecuted, &c. These things are all devolved on the
j committee. Now, I would inquire of gentlemen,
t what is to be done m case the printer die,get sick,.
I run away, or squarely refuse to do the work?
j The law does not in terms provide for such exi-
! gencies*, it nowhere, m terms, says a word about
: the committee's making a new contract with an-
I other printer. But who doubts their authority to
1 do that very thing, and that it is imbodied in the-
! clause ii shall have power to adopt suck measures
: as may be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect
or delay &c.
| Well, now, if they may recontract." the work**
, in such a case, pray tell me why they may not do
! the same thing where the printer undertakes to do
' the work, but" neglects his duty in that behalf—
! delays the work unreasonably, or furnishes work
'"inferior to the standard?" Sir, they have the
, "power" "to refuse the work altogether " to
' suck a printer. If they have not, this iTousemay
j be imposed upon by a bad man, who gets your
printing, almost af will, and we have no means of
, relief. You compel your committee to run to him
1 with every item of each "class "of "the work,"
j though he may have been willfully, basely, fla-
' grantiy, in default, m the same thing an hundred
: times before. Who would serve on such a com-
: mittee? And what body, that regarded its own
; self-respect would suffer itself to be placed in such
i a predicament?
1 This argument, arising from the inconvenience#
! of the case, it strikes rae, ought to be deemed con-
| elusive. If ! am right, the committee have oil
' pow< r in the premises. Let them exercise it,and
' I have no doubt they will be sustained, here and
elsewhere.
i was proceeding to direct the attention of gen-
tlemen, when interrupted some time ago, to a mat-
ter which I presume is not a new one to them. I
mean that of the internal improvements of this
country. A system has been adopted in regard
to this matter, from the first to the last, equivalent
to this. The whole power m relation to the con-
struction of those works, is thrown into the hands
of the engineers, under whose direction the works
are constructed. Let me a^ain invite the atten-
tion of the committee to that law of 1846, and I
wdl read the section through without comment.
We all understand the English language:
" *ind he it farther resolved, That a committee, concist-
inj* ol three inembt-iss of the Senate and three member of
the notice ot Repro-entatives, shall be chosen by then le-
^pccthu Hour's, which s-liall constitute a Committee on
l-'nutuig, which shall have p-nvcr to adopt Mich m^n-ui^s
a:- may be deemed necessary to remedy any ne«!ert or delay
on the pait of the contiactor to execute the work ordered
by Congies-s, and to make a pro rata i eduction m the com-
pensation allowed, or to refu&e the work altogether, should
it be inferior to the standard; and in ail ca«e«. the con-
tractor and hH set-unties shall be responsible for any in-
creased oxpendituie consequent upon the non-performance
of the eonttiict. The committee shall audit and pass upon
all account* foi punting ; but no bill shall be acted upon fot
work that is not actually executed and delivered, and which
they may require to be properly authenticated."
Now, I cannot be mistaken, it seems to me, in
regard to the construction of the law. It is a thing
which is beyond our power. It has passed out of
our hands, by virtue of action under this law, and
we have no concurrent jurisdiction with this tri-
bunal, created by the two Houses. We have
none. It is all referred to them, and when it came
in here it came in out of order. They have all the
power, and all .they have to do, is to do as Gen-
eral Jackson was wont to do, "take the respon-
sibility," whatever it is.
