1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
During the call of the roll the following proceed-
ings took plnce:
Mr. HENDRICKS stated that Mi\ Davis, of
Indiana, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. KING, of New York, stated that Mr.
Busll was detained at home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. HART stated that Mr. Marshal!,, of Cal-
ifornia, w«*s confined to his room bv sickness.
On motion by Mr. ORR., all further proceedings
under the call were then dispensed with.
The question recurred upon reconsidering the
vote by which the Oakland and Ottawa Railroad
bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STCJART. I rise to a question of order.
The last vote taken in reference to tins bill was
on a motion to lay the morion to reconsider upon
the table, and the House refused to lay it upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. That being; the case, the
Chair must rule the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee out of order.
Mr. SAVAGE. Then I move that the bill be
postponed indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, and the Chair doubts whether it is com-
petent to postpone indefinitely the motion to re-
consider. The Chair thinks it is not in order.
Mr. TUCK demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 74; as follows:
YEA?—Meters. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Brenton,
Ruess, Geoige H Biovvn, Bir-hy, E. Cnrrington Cabell,
L. D. Campbell, T. Campbell, Chandler. Claik, Cltngmun,
Conger, Doty, Purkeo, Ei^tman, Edg« rton, Evans,
FHvlin. Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Gentry, Goodnch,
Green, H.irper, flaw.*, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Houston,
Howard. Thomas Y. flow, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kuriz, Landry, Mace, Miller, Molony,
John Moore, Naber*, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penii,
Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Price. Rantoul. Richard-
pon, Sackett. Seliermerliom, Schoolcraft, Seuiry, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephen*, St Martin, Strother, Stuart, Taylor, Thuiston,
Town^herid, WaKh, Ward, Addi*on White, Alexander
While, Wilcox, William*, and Yates—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton. William
Appleton, Babcock, Benle. Bell, Boonck, John H. Boyd,
Bra?g, Buirow, Joseph CaMe, Caldwell, Caskie, Chap-
man, Chaplain. Churchwell, Cleveland. Daniel, George T.
Davi«, Dawson, Dean, Pockcry, Duncan, Dunham, Ed-
mmuifon, Flojd, Fowler, Thomas J. J). Fuller, Gamble,
Giddings, (loodtinovv, Grey, Hamilton, Isliam G. Harris,
Hebard, ffolladay, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, In-
ger.-oll, Jaek>on, George W. Jones, George G. King, Pres-
ton Kmc, Kubnp, Letcher, Mann, Martin, Macon, McLan-
ahan, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Million, Morehead, Mur-
phy, Newton, Perkins, Robbing, Robie, Ros*, Savajre,
Pehooriinakei, 8cuddei, David L. Seymour, Onsen S.
Sevmour, Smart, Stratton. Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace,
Washburn, Watkins, and Wildrick—74.
So the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
fable was reconsidered.
During the call of the roll, the followingproceed-
ings took place:
Mr. AST-IE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Davis, of Indiana.
Mr. COBB. I was engaged in conversation at
the time, and do not know whether I was within
the bar when my name was called or not. I be-
lieve 1 was, but I cannot speak with certainty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he believes that he was within the bar when his
name was called, and the Chair thinks that is
enough to entitle him to vote.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I must object.
Mr. COBB. If there is any objection, I will
not ask that my vote may be recorded.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
lay the hill upon the table.
Mr. KfNG, of New York, demanded the yeas
and nays: and they were ordered.
Mr. STCJART. Before that question is taken,
I move that there be a call of the House, and on
that motion, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume that
the object of the gentleman from Michigan is
merely to exhaust the morning- hour, and I hope,
therefore, that he will allow this question to go
over until to-morrow, and permit us to go on with
the river and harbor bill at once. Jf there be no
objection, I will move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man can only be entertained by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair, so that there may be no misunder-
standing about this matter. I do not wish to em-
bairass the business of the House, but I want to
know, if this bill is passed by now, what will be
its condition. Will it come up to-morrow morn-
ing-? I understand that it will.
The SPEAKER. If the bill is postponed there
will be no difficulty, it will come up during the
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. 1 now withdraw the motion
for a calf of the House.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I now move
that the rules of the House be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
before the expiration of the morning hour, unless
by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the motion was
submitted, and on being put, it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
282, making appropriations for the improvement
of certain harbors and rivers.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose,
there were two questions pending. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] moved to
strike out, after the words " navigation of," in
line twenty-one, to the word "dollars," in line
twenty-five, inclusive, and insert a substitute in
place thereof. The gentlemen from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] moved to amend the amendment by stri-
king out the word " rapids," in the original prop-
osition, and insert the words ''the Falls of St.
Anthony." The question pending, therefore, is
upon the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. Upon that amendment I
demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bayly, of
Virginia, and St. Martin were appointed.
The original clause was read, as follows:
u For the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river below the rapid*; iheOhio,including the repairs
of the dam at Cumberland Island; the Missoun and the
Arkansas rivers, $260,000."
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out after the word "navigation" to the word
" dollars," in line twenty-five,inclusive, and insert the fol-
lowing : "of the Ohio river above the falls, $'30,000 ; for
the purchase of the snag-boats necessary for efficient sei-
viee on the western rivcis>, $100,000 ; and for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, and Ohio
below the falls, <$<HV>,000. 
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 63.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. MILLER offered the following amend-
ment:
Sttike out all after the word "river," in the twenty-
second line, to the word " dollars,"in ihetwenty-finh lino,
inclusive, and insert the following:
For the improvement of the Ohio river, $10,000;
For the improvement and repans of the dam at Cumber-
land Island, *$50,000;
For the improvement of the Mississippi river between the
Falh of St. Anthony and the head of the Des Moine* rap-
ids. $3'>,000;
For the improvement of the Mississippi river between
the foot of the Des Moines rapids and the mouth of the
Ohio, $50,000;
For the improvement of the Mississippi river between the
mouth of the Ohio and New Orleans, §50,000 ;
For the improvement or the Mi^ouri liver below the
mouth of the Bis Sioux river, $60,0''0 ;
For the improvement of the Arkansas river, $50,000 ;
For the nnpioveinent of the Illinois, Tennessee, and
Cumberland rivers, each, §40,000.
Mr. M. said: Mr. Chairman, I have offered
that amendment because I regard the provisions
of this bill, as reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, as inadequate to the wants of the western
rivers, and because the committee have aggre-
gated the objects of appropriation. I regard it,
sir, as insufficient, because, by reference to the
estimates which were furnished by the Topo-
! graphical Bureau in 1850, and which have been
| several times alluded to in the course of this dis-
j cushion, it will be seen that over $100,000 are
; needed for the construction of snag-boats and
j other boats necessary for the improvement of our
! western rivers. It will be seen, by reference to
i the Executive documents of 3849-'50, that the
1 estimates for the construction of snag-boats were
as follows:
For the construction and outfit of two snag-boats, of the
largest class, at $35,000 each $£(>,000
For the construction of three light draught snag-
Uoats $15,000 each  45,000
For the construction and outfit of two machine
boats, at .$3,250 «^(>h    4.500
For repairs and reoutfit of snag boat Heiculea  2^000
$J01,500
The bill reported by the committee includes in
the appropriations of $260,000, for the four rivers
mentioned, the repairs for the dam at Cumberland
Island in the Ohio river, which, according to the
estimates furnished by the Topographical Bureau
to the last Congress, amounts to the sum of
$50,000. Add to this the estimates by the same
bureau, for contingencies of all sorts, of $14,500,
and the cost of snag and other boats, and the im-
provement of Cumberland dam, will amount to
$106,000; which sum, deducted from the amount
of the appropriation, will leave only $94,000 for
the improvement of the thousands of miles of
navigable water in those four great rivers.
Arid yet the Committee on Commerce have re-
ported the sum of §50,000—more than half that
amount—for the improvement of the Hudson,
which, as I understand,has only one hundred and
fifty miles of navigable water. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I am not objecting: to this appropriation
for the Hudson river; but if it be necessary to
appropriate $50,000 for one hundred and fifty miles
upon the Hudson, which is a better stream than
either of those mentioned in my amendment-—bet-
ter than the Ohio, as I understand, and far better
than the Missouri, the Mississippi, or the Arkan-
sas river, how much ought to be appropriated for
those streams? If you will estimate it, you will
find that this bill appropriates more than $300 a
mile for the Hudson river; while it has appropri-
ated only at the rate of about #50 a mile for these
western rivers. Gentlemen say that more com-
merce passes over the Hudson than over either of
those rivers. That may be true; but I presume
no gentleman will contend that therehave been as
many lives lost, as many boats sunk, and as much
property lost upon the Hudson in the last fifteen
years as upon the Mississippi river and its trib-
utaries within a single year. I have before me a
report, which reached me last night in one of the
western papers, showing that since the first of
January last the number of steamboats lost upon
the-^e rivers has been thirty-one. The number
lost by snags, since the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river and its tributaries by steamboats com-
menced, is four hundred and sixty-nine, and the
number lost during the year ltf49 was eighty-
three.
I ask that the gentlemen of this committee will
look at this further fact. The steam marine upon
our western waters is greater than the whole of
that of Great Britain. The wholesteam marine
of Great Britain amounted, in 1848, to 168,078
tons, while that upon our western rivers amounts
to 204,725 tons. I ask that this committee will
not only make such appropriations as our western
rivers require, but I ask that they will do another
act of justice to the people of the West. I ask
that, instead of appropriating $260,000 for the four
rivers, leaving its distribution to the discretion of
the officer who superintends their improvement,
and the application of this fund, that you will make
specific appropriations for each river, and not leave
the appropriation in such condition that theamount
may be applied exclusively to any one, or two of
them, but arive to each an amount to which it i«
fairly and justlv entitled.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am opposed to this, aa
I am to all amendments offered to this bill. But
1 want to call the attention of thecommittee to this
fact: If they will consider the suhject but a minute,
they will be satisfied that they can accomplish their
objects, and save a vast deal of time, by a course
other than that of offering all these amendments.
There is, as gentlemen know, a substitute for this
bill before this committee, offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] which em-
