1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
it was ascertained that no quorum was present.
The tellers will resume their places.
Mr. GORMAN. I beg to remark that I believe
the question before the committee was upon the
motion that the committee rise, and that the in-
flexibility of the opposition is such that every one
must perreive, if they are determined to hold out,
it is out of the question to pass this resolution to-
night. Gentlemen will remember a similar scene
upon the California question during the last Con-
gress, and the amount of time consumed in five
minute speeches. And in this case, unless gentle-
men want to make five minute speeches, I insist
that the committee do rise.
The tellers, Messrs. Brown of Mississippi, and
Chapman, having resumed their places, the ques-
tion was taken on the motion that the committee
rise, and the tellers reported—ayes 62, noes 74.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the amendment,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered, and Messrs. Gilmore
and Cabell were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—aye I, noes 75; no quorum voting.
[Cries, " Call the roll!" "Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called, and the committee
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having found itself without a quorum, caused the
roll to be called, and instructed him to report the
facts to the House with the names of the absent-
ees.
There being no quorum present, *
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved a call of
the House; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILDRICK called for the yeas and nays
on that motion; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adjourn—yeas 61, nays 77; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abercrombie, Aiken, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Averett, Thomas II. Bayly, Barrere, Bocock,
Bowie, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrine-
ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Churehwelt,
Cobb, Cullom, Dockery, Edmundcon, Ewmg, Fitch, Free-
man, Gentry, Goodenovv, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hammond,
Harper, I sham G. Harris, Haven, Hendricks., Ihllyci. An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George :
W. Jones, Kuhns, Landry,Lockluirt, Humphrey Marshall,
Maitin, McMullen, Miller, Millson, John Moore, More-
head, Murphy, Powell, Riddle, Savage, Scliermm-horn, !
Scurry, Smith, Staniy, Alexander H. Stephens, Taylor, !
Venable, Watkins, and Williams—61. ' i
NAYS—Messrs, Willis Allen, Allison, Babcock, Bart-
lett, Bisseli, Bowne, Bnggs, Buell, Joseph Cable, Cartter, i
Chapman, Chastain, Cleveland, Chngman, Conger, John 1
G. Davis, Dean, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Fick-
lin, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord,
Giddings, Gilmore, Green, Grow, Hascall, Hcnn, Horsford,
John VV. Ilowe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, John
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Mace,
Mann, Meacham, Molony, Newton, Peaslee, Penniman,
Perkins, Porter, Rantoul, Robie, Sackett, Scudder, David
L. Seymour, >kelton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid II. Stanton7 Stratton, Stuart,
Sweetser, George W. Thompson, Thuiston, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Ad-
dison White, Wildrick, and Yates—77.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the subject under consideration at its last sit-
tllThe SPEAKER. The House has already or-
dered that there shall be a call of the House, and
it is the duty of the Chair to direct the roll to be
called
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The yeas and
nays were called upon that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I had just risen, when the
motion was made to adjourn, to call* for the yeas
and nays, when the gentleman upon my right
[Mr. Clingman] called for them. The Chair said
it was too late. I raise this point of order. It is
never too late to call for the yeas and nays, be-
cause it is a constitutional right.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt that it is
a constitutional right, but it is too late to call the
yeas and nays upon a question that has passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is the call still
in force?
The SPEAKER. We are under an order of
the House for a call of this House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that all further pro-
ceeding upon the call of the House be suspended.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. It is,
that no proceedings have been had since the call
of the House, and it is not in order to make such
a motion now.
The SPEAKER. It is competent forthe House
at any time to rescind its order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to make amo-
tion to adjourn? \
The SPEAKER. It is. \f
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of oW
der.
Mr. CARTTER. F have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] has the floor.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and'the motion was
agreed to.
So the House, at ten p. m., adjourned to Friday.
PETITIONS, 8cc. .
The following memorials, petitions, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of John Gilffl-
lin and 65 others, citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to pass a law making land warrants
under the net of 1850 assignable.
By Mr. APPLETON, of Maine: The peUtion of citizens
ofPortland, m the State of Maine, for an appropnation to
build a marine hospital.
Also, petitions of citizens of Bangor and Eastport,in said
State, for an appropriaUon to build a breakwater at Rich-
mond's Island.
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of Elizabeth Swagers,
widow of George Swagers, a soldier of the revolutionary
war, for a pension.
By Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky: The memorial of
the General Council of Louisville, for the purchase of the
Louisville and Portland Canal.
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition of Enoch Burt and
others, asking for compensation for inventing an important
improvement in the art of weaving by power.
By Mr. GORMAN : The memorial of the heirs of Colonel
Francis Vigo, for advances made to the United States during
the campaign of General George Rogers Clark.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN : The petition of H. N. Cur-
tis and 35 other citizens of Rochester, New York, praying
for the passage of a law for the protection of American pat-
entees against the violation of their rights in the neighbor-
ing province of Canada.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mi MACE : A bill to grant a right of way for a rail-
road from Springfield, Illinois, to Toledo, Ohio, via La-
fayette and Delphi, Indiana, and making a grant of land to
said States to aid in the construction of such road.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 2, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States :
I transmit herewith a copy of a letter of the 26th instant,
addressed to the Secretary of State by the contractors for
paying the next installment due to Mexico, pursuant to the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, representing the necessity of
an immediate appropriation by Congress of the monev ne-
cessary for that purpose. MILLARD FILLMORE.
The message was read, and it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Richard
King, praying to be allowed to enter certain land \
within the "Maison Rouge Grant," upon the j
terms allowed by the act of the last session of j
Congress for the relief of purchasers of land
within that grant; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Sam-
uel .Noah, praying compensation for services dur-
ing the last war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of officers of the Army eta- !
tioned at Fort Laramie, praying an increase of ;
compensation; which was referred to the Commit- |
tee on Military Affairs. I
Also, the petition of Maria Davis, praying a I
pension and bounty land in consideration of the |
services of her son, Thomas Davis, in the late war I
with Mexico; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented two petition's of citizens
of San Francisco, California, praying the estab-
lishment of a branch of the Mint of the United
States at that place; which were ordered to lie on.
the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of William
Blodgett, a revolutionary pensioner, praying an
increase of pension; tyhich was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of the
late and present land officers at Washington, Ar-
kansas, praying compensation for services in
making entries of land under bounty land war-
rants; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Elvira
F. Smith, widow of an" Army officer, praying a
continuance of her pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the administrators of John
Anderson, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain; which, with the documents on the
flies of the Senate relating to the claim, was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of Hiram McCarty, praying,
indemnity for the confiscation of the property of
his late father by the British authorities in Upper
Canada, in consequence of his adhering to the
American cause in the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of William Woodbridge and
Henry Chipman, late judges of the United States -
in the Michigan Territory, praying compensation
for services rendered by them which did not
properly belong to their office; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Wisconsin, praying that so
much of the land contained in the Fort Howard
military reservation as is not required for military
purposes may be surveyed and Brought into mar-
ket; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, the petition of James Edi, praying the
establishment of an Agricultural Bureau; which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying a grant of public land to
that State, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Milwaukie to the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Edward Holt, praying permission to enter a quar-
ter section of land, lying in a military reservation,
on which he has made improvements; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. UNDER WOOD. I have received a peti-
tion from William T. Finch,of St. Louis, which
is of a rather extraordinary character. He repre-
sents that he feels that he is destined, in the provi-
dence of God, to fulfill a destiny. He says that
he has been engaged during the whole course of
his life in the cause of human progress and ad-
vancement. He says that, unfortunately, he has
not met with that success in his efforts which his
cause deserves. In this petition he evidently takes
the side of 44 intervention" as his doctrine, and
would go so far as to extend it throughout the
world. He prays that Congress would take his
memorial into their consideration, and that they
would put him upon the same footing as other
foreign refugees are placed who come into the Uni-
ted States; that they would give him a tract of
land, and make a special provision to that effect,
in the bill which he understands is now before
Congress for granting lands to foreign refugees.
He further states, that if this cannot be done with-
out prejudice to the presidential election of 1852,
he prays that he may at least have the warmest
sympathies of this body. I move that this mem-
orial be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The memorial was so referred.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I h$#e in my
hand one of several memorials of persons claim-
ing indemnities for losses sustained in Mexico.
They represent that their claims were presented to
a former, as well as to the late Board of Mexican
Claims; and some of them allege that their claims
were entirely rejected by the late Board, although
