1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion to him.' I concur cordially
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Parker]
in the views he lias taken in relation to the powers ;
conferred upon the committee. I believe, with |
him, that the law gives them plenary powers over ;
the subject; but the gentleman seems to argue the
proposition as if there were actually propositions
before this House, to revoke what the committee i
has done. I do not understand that to be the j
question. |
Mr. PARKER. Well, that will do; I wish to j
proceed; if the gentleman wishes to call me to or- j
der, perhaps I may be ruled down. I
Mr. MEADE. It is a different object that I j
have in view. I wish to hear the gentleman's j
views in relation to what f suggest. The com- j
mittee have made a report, and a resolution has
been offered by the gentleman from Mississippi, i
[Mr. Brows,] not to abrogate what the commit- j
tee has done, but to refer that report to the Com- j
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to in- j
quire into the general subject of the printing of ,
Congress, with a view to recommend to Congress
some future plan in relation to the manner in '
which that work should be done; and with that
resolution there is coupled an amendment from ;
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] referring at the same time the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doty.] That seems to me to contemplate future
action, not to contemplate the abrogation of the
action of the committee.
As the gentleman lias allowed me to interrupt
him for a moment, I would like to hear hun upon
another question. The gentleman certainly will
not assert that any plenary powers have been con-
ferred upon this committee, which this House
cannot discuss; and censure, if they please, the 1
manner in which they have discharged their duty. [
Mr. PARKER. I will state the reasons at an- '
other time; I will answer the question now. The
power of this House to discuss is plenary, as the
action of the House is, when we get into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
We may discuss and discuss, it seems, forever.
I have ascertained that to my heart's content.
The gentleman suggests to me that the matter
now before the House looks to future action,
rather than present, so far as the printing is con- j
c.erned. I agree with him in that; but that is not j
all. We have wandered many a league beyond i
that. The case turns out exactly the case I ,
thought it was at the outset. It is most beauti- [
full/*illustrated by the interminable confusion and
debate we have involved ourselves in. Can it be
that this law leaves us subject to these troubles in
the matter of our printing r Heads too wise have
gone before us, for me to believe it; and these
endless and multiplied questions are what we now
have up before us. It is future action, and pres-
ent action, presidential elections, politics, of every
hue, pay for partisan service—and punishments
too—motives of members, personal action, per-
sonal knowledge,and everything else,and nothing,
so far as the printing is rightfully concerned, upon
which to predicate any part of it. And what are
we doing in the House now? What can we do ?
Nothing at all. Nothing. 1 am very happy to
see that gentleman, [Mr. Meade,] in whose judg-
ment I have the greatest confidence, concurring
with me in my general view of this case. It
seems to me that there can be no mistake about it
from any quarter; none whatever. We have
nothing under heaven to do with this matter until
that law is repealed, and then the whole thing may
be brought up anew, and then we can change or
modify it, in connection with the other branch of
Congress, and the Piesident. We cannot do so
ourselves. It is utterly out of the question.
A Voice. We can give the committee instruc-
tions. , . T
Mr. PARKER. Grant we can, which I do
not; that will not relieve us from the difficulty we
are'in. I understand that gentlemen are com-
plaining, and I have complained for two months,
because we have not our printing upon our tables
here. It is a disgrace to the country, and I looic
to the committee to remedy the difficulty.
Mr. HAVEN" made a remark, mostly maudiole
to the reporter; but was understood to say that
the bill introduced by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doty,] m reference to future action,
had been referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PARKER. Yes. It shows again that
this hotch-potch is even greater than I expected,
lie suggests that this same bill, for some future
action, xs already referred to the Committee of the
Whole. Mr. Speaker, I was going to observe
that this matter has all grown out of the fact that
this printer has not complied with his contract.
Can there be any doubt of that? Look at this
disreputable document, placed upon our tables,
[holding up a printed document.] This is the first
time that 1 have ever had the honor of a seat upon
this floor. I confess to you, sir, that my notions
were a little enlarged when I came from my State
Legislature to this national council. I expected to
see printed documents neaily equal in execution
to those of the State of Indiana. I cxpected to
see documents nearly equal to tiiose we have out
there in the wild woods! We are now upon the
fifth month of our session, and the President's
message, with the accompanying documents, is
not yet before us. How does this happen ' There
is wrong here, and I am only surprised at the for-
bearance of the committee with this man, who has
been trifling with us and our constituents so long.
I ask the committee to act. They have the pow-
er, a power that has been given to them by both
Houses, because it was a power without which,
lodged somewhere, we could not act; and they
have it all completely within their possession. I
have said all I designed to say, upon this subject;
and I have predicated my reniaiks upon a motion
I designed to make to lay the whole matter upon
the table.
But I wish to make another remark while I am
upon the floor. I expect it is as painful to other
i gentlemen here as it is to myself, to see ourselves
j involved in such difficulties as these. It was the
design of this law to remedy them; and if the law
were left to have its full force, and be so executed,
it would accomplish that object to a great extent;
but still I think there would be trouble in connec-
tion with this matter any way, under the guidance
of this law. There is money involved in this thing
to the amount of millions, which I think may be
saved to the country. I have not had my atten-
tion paiticularly directed to this matter for years.
But 1 have thought, and still think, that we ought
to have a Government printing office. 1 know
that some gentlemen think that this would build
up a power tor great patronage—a power for over-
ruling the people, and awmg them into doing the
behests of the Administration of the Government.
1 cannot look upon it in that light; and I do not
think it is a correct view of the case. We may
manage a Government printing office as we may
manage our Land Office, or any other bureau. Put
a. head to it, let him manage the matter, purchase
the materials, the paper, at the Government ex-
pense, and let no profit be made upon it, except
the profit of the paper maker. We shall thus save
the paper profit—an immense one—and it goes into
the colfers of no favorite of the A dmimstration, but
remains in the Treasury. Sir, tens of thousands
of keen eyes would be directed at once to the
action. The Government would select one estab-
lishment, and give them the market price for paper,
1 as it is furnished to others. Then only will we
j] g;et paper cheaply as others get it. After that is
'I lone* you have here the head of the bureau at all
■! times, from the third of March until the third of
March come again, two years, to provide for and
'i do his duty. He knows what his duty is, and
: i has the credit of the national Treasury-to back him
He can call to the journeymen printers, and em-
'! ploy them, as the National Intelligencer and the
:j other papers employ printers, and do the work as
economically as they do theus. And so we shall
not only save upon the paper, but upon the print-
ing, too; and who can estimate that great saving
Now, sir, m building up such an establishment
as this, we would have to expend some money m
erecting the right kind of an office—say a million—
two millions if you please. Look at this census
printing. Why, sir, I hear millions spoken of as
the cost of that printing alone, first and last.
Now, when the thing is done, it is done foievei.
Disconnect it by law from all partisan presses,
and you get rid of incalculable difficulties con-
stantly recurring. They ought to be corrected, and
I hope that the proposition which has been pre-
sented for the establishment of a printing bureau
will ultimately succeed. .
Mr. ORIl. I rise for the purpose of reminding
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Parker,] that
one of the propositions contained in the subject-
matters now upon the Clerk's table, is a proposi-
tion of that character.
Mr. PARKER. So I am informed.
Mr. OUR. It is an instruction to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to establish a Government
printing office.
Mr. PARKER. If it be the duty of the Judi-
ciary Committee to inquire into the propriety of
establishing such a concern as that, I suppose
they will act; but I do not believe its consideration
belongs to us.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the Judiciary Committee—1 speak respect-
fully as to its members, individually and collect-
ively—is the last committee of the House that this
matter ought to be sent to. As I understand it,
there are upon that committee three advocates for
the right of secession, and one gentleman who goes
against the fugitive slave bill, wishes its repeal,
and of course is opposed to the "Union" and "Re-
public,"and all newspapers that bear such names,
and all other papers of that kind in the country. X
wish any other committee than that, for I do not
believe that is the right committee in the abstract.
Mr. PARKER. I agree with my friend from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] I do not think
that is the right committee in the abstract, 01* the
ronrrrti' either. I will observe further, that the
gentleman's remarks indicate to us what ought to
follow. Our predecessors settled this trouble; and
all we have to do is to put it upon the table, or
rule it out of order, as a matter determined as be-
longing to the Printing Committee. Their power
is as great as the power of any other body tn this
land, that is not provided for m your Constitution.
It is provided for by km; and they have the plen-
ipotentiary right to act in every and all matters con-
nected with printing, as I have sufficiently indi-
cated, if we can understand a very plain law in
our own mother tongue. I move to lay this whole
subject upon the table ; and if my views are right,
it ought to, and will, I hope, go there.
[Cries of "That is right!" "That is right!"]
Mr. BROOKS. I would say, that after the
legal gentlemen of the House have discussed this
question, it is quite time for the printers to say a
word upon it.
Mr. EREEMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I am not entnely familiar with the rules of the
House, but there is a printed rule to which I wish
to call the attention of members. It is the 20th
rule of the House, which is a copy of the second
section of the law discussed by my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Parker.] It is a joint rule of both
Houses, as is the law under consideration. Here
let me say, that I agree with the gentleman from
Indiana that it is not in the power of this House
alone to repudiate that law. The point to which
I wish to call the attention of the House is this:
" It shall be in order for the Committee on Print-
ing to report at any time." Now, the Committee
on Printing consists of three Senators and three
members of the House of Representatives. There
has been 110 report made to this House by the
Committee on Printing.
AVoick. Yes there has.
Mr. FREEMAN. The Joint Committee 011
Printing have never authorized or required the
chairman on the part of the House [Mr. Gorman]
to report. He was called out here by the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] to give information to the House of what
had been done by the committee. There is no
regular report now before the House, and the
po°int of older I make is, that the Committee on
Printing have not made any report in this matter.
Mr. GORMAN. They did not authorize me
to make any report, nor did I, except for the ill-
formation of the House. My statement was only-
made for the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has then been
greatly misled. He had supposed there %vas a
report made.
Mr. GORMAN. If the Chair will allow me—I
made a written statement only, for the information
of the House. I so stated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman from Indiana had, for the informa-
tion of the House, submitted a report of the pro-
ceedings of the Joint Committee on Printing by
order of that committee. .
Mr. GORMAN. I never had any order m the
world.
