I09«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a question of or-
der 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is already upon the floor to a question of
order.
Mr. FREEMAN. I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana in the remarks which he has made.
It struck me at the time that this whole proceed-
ing "was out of order. Had I been one of the old
members of the House, I should have mentioned
the fact a long time ago. We have now ascer-
tained that there is no lawful report from the Com-
mittee on Printing before this House; that all of
this discussion has occurred out of order; and,
therefore, I conclude that the motion to print this
report, and the motions to amend, are all out of
order. -
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to recall the gentle-
man's recollection 
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will suspend
until we reach an important fict. It is impossi-
ble we can all talk at once, and be understood.
The Clerk, for the information of the House, will
read the report of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Committee on Printing, which is rhargrd hy law
with the duty of lemedymg any neglect or drtay on the part
of tiie contractor to do the public punting for the Thirty-
second Congress, ask Jeave, for the information of the
House, to report, that they have had ti.e subject under con-
sideration," &e.
The SPEAKER. The .Chair must overrule
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman.] He must continue
to regard this document, upon its face, as a report
from a committee.
Mr. FREEMAN. I wish to make this sug-
gestion to the Chair: That there seems to be'a
misunderstanding, upon the face of that report, of
what this committee intended to do. The Chair
is familiar with the mode in which this thing was
brought before the House, and he knows the fact
that it was not brought before this House upon the
motion of the committee itself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no such
fact.
Mr. FREEMAN. The chairman of the com-
mittee expressly stated that it was'not their duty
to report; but if the House desired the information
they -vould report. It says expressly upon its face,
" done for the information of the House."
The SPEAKER. Does fho gentleman from
Mississippi appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
The Chair again states to the gentleman 
Mr. FREEMAN. I wish to make this point,
seeing that the equity of the thing would lay the
whole subject upon the table 
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And thereby
confirm the action of the committee.
Mr. PARKER. The rermnks of my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] have brought
to my mind a matter to which I would direct the
attention of the House for a moment. Now, it
will be observed in this second and third section
that there is a plain distinction drawn between the
committee as a whole, and that portion of the com-
mittee which belongs to this House. The com-
mittee as such, constituted by the Senate and by
the House, have ceitain powers. One portion of
the committee have certain other powers. All of
these powers to which I have referred, it struck
me, that this House was assuming to itself to ex-
ercise, and especially to determine whether the
printer has been in the line of his duty, and
whether he has complied with his contract. Look
here, again: " that all motions to print extra num-
bers of any bill, paper, or document, in either
House shall be referred to the members of the
committee of that House." There the members
of the committee of this House have certain pow-
ers, and. the committee as a whole is a legal body
and their powers as such are designated. My in-
tention was, when T arose, so many o-entle'men
having discussed this bill so fully upon both sides
of the House, and some of them-'having seemed to
me to wander so far from the true track, to try and
put an end to this discussion In making these
suggestions, I do not desire to do a discourteous
thing to any gentleman. A few friends ask that I
shall not make a motion to lay upon the table i
while numerous others are pressing me to make ^
it. With the views I have in this case, concurred j
in as they apppar to h , ( cannot do otherwise than j
make the motion. If the House disagree with I
me, they can vote down my motion, which is to
lay_the whole matter upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I rose to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Parker] to let us have a vote
directly upon referring this question to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. It is moved to lay the report
upon the table, and upon this proposition the yeas
and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HARRIS. Being urged by several of my
friends around me, 1 withdraw my motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. VENABLE. I renew it.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish that the House would
consent to take one vote, that we might act one
way or the other.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. JONES demanded tellers upon the motion
to adjourn; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Vena-
ble and Williams acting as tellers,) and there
were—ayes 73, noes 61.
The House then adjourned to twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and relerred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of Angus C.
Mann and several others, citizens ot the town of Wheat-
land, county of Monroe, New Yoik, against the extension
ot the Woodwoith patent tor a planing machine.
By Mr. DO I Y : A petition ot James Pratt, C. J. Marsh,
and others, citizens of Maiquette county, for a mail route
lioni Montello to Gtand Rapids, on Wisconsin river, by
Harn^viHc, Loiur Meadow, and Sylvester's.
By Mr. UOJ5i>l Nc?: The memorial of Fayette Piersin and
26 othex, practical printers of Philadelphia, respectfully
urging Congress to establish a national printing office on
Governor Doty's plan.
Also, the memorial of William D. Jones and 32 others,
practical printers of Philadelphia, who also recommend the
propriety of establishing a national printing office.
13y Mr. PHELPS: The memorial of Charles S. Wallach
and others, asking the incorporation of the Washington
Cemetery Association.
By Mi. TIIuMAS M. HOWE: The remonstrance of
John Stewart and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, against
the extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. FLORENCE:. The memorial of John II. Ta*-
gart, M. C. Brown, John H. Fasy, R. B. Smyth, and 32
others, practical printers, of the city of Philadelphia, in
favor of the establishment of a national printing office.
Also, the memorial and papers of Edward J. Cadwala-
iler, praying foi an invalid peiiMon.
Also, the memorial of'Griffith Williams, W. W. Fulton,
Louis 13. Ciozet, Hiram M. Giosh, and 25 other practical
printers ot the city of Philadelphia, in favor of the establish-
ment of a national printing office.
AI>o, the memorial and papers of Charles Conner, an in-
mate oi the naval asylum at Philadelphia, praying for an
invalid pension.
B> Mr. (.'ABLE, of Ohio: A memorial from citizens
ot Staik county, Ohio, against the monopoly of the soil,
and in favor ot the fieedom of the public lands to actual
settlers.
ANo, a lemon-franee from John Murphy, and 82 othei
citizen* of Jcficr>on county, Ohio, against the extension of
the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky : The memorial of
YV . F. Gough and 73 otheif., residents of Louisville, Ken-
tuckv. piaying modification of the tariff on cigars of less
valuation than .^10 per'thousand, so as to afford employment
to American labor, and to shield it from foreign fraudulent
competition.
AKso, the memorial of sundry merchants and citizens of
Louisville, proving Congress to act foi the relief of the
Wheeling budge.
Also, the memorial of Sarah L. Russell, widow of Col.
Thomas A. Ru^ell, of Kentucky, praying the payment of a
certain eeitific-.tto on the ten per cent, consolidated fund of
the late Republic ot Texas.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 16, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the execution of the j
order setting apart Friday for the consideration of j
private bills was postponed until one o'clock. 1
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. I
Mr. BORLAND. I throw myself on the in- i
diligence of the Senate while I make an explana- '•
tion personal to myself, in respect to my course L
while a member of the Committee on Printing-. ^
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, 1 do not oc-
cupy a position of such prominence as to make
what 1 do or say of any great importance to the"
country at large. Fortunately for myself, and
perhaps more fortunately for the country, this is
the case. But what I do or say is of importance
to myself and to my constituents; and I wish there-
fore always to stand right upon the record—that
is, to be known for just what I am, and respons-
ible for just what I do and say, no more and no
less.
It will be recollected, that the other day I made
an informal report from the Committee on Print-
ing, and at the conclusion of it, and the explana-
tion which I then gave, asked to be excused from
further service on that committee. I was excused.
And I did hope that with that transaction all my
connection with the Printing Committee, and all
my concern, beyond a motion or vote, with the
printing of Congress, would cease. For three years
and more it had been my duty and my misfortune
to be chairman of the Committee on Printing. I
say my misfortune, for, although the duties which
devolve upon that committee are of no great im-
portance to the general interests of the country,
they did impose upon me an amount and character
of labor more trying to my feelings arid my pow-
ers of endurance than any other of which I can
well conceive. They were not heavy cares that
oppress, but small ones that irritate—irritate and
annoy to a degree that unfitted me for other and
more important business. That consideration,
with the others which I then stated to the Senate,
induced me to withdraw from that committee.
After that I did hope to have nothing more to do
with it, or the business before it.
It will be recollected, further, that in my re-
marks on that occasion 1 expressly disavowed
any intention to treat with disrespect any member
of that committee, or to cast censure upon any-
thing they had done. I expressed the opinion
that the action of the majority of the committee
had been wrong, and that I could not concur in
it; adding, at the same time, that 1 did so without
disrespect to any member of the committee, and
without casting censure upon its action. I did so
deliberately—I did it with a purpose. That pur-
pose was to disconnect myself from all matters
relating to that committee and its action, so that I
might not even seem to be involved in anything
like controversy about them afterwards. But it
seems that I am not permitted to escape, even after
I have voluntarily withdrawn, and been excused
by the Senate from further service on the com-
mittee.
I will read a paragraph from an editorial in the
Union newspaper of this city, which appeared
yesterday morning, in respect to my course on the
committee, connected, as it is, with the debates of
the House of Representatives, as 1 find them re-
ported in the city papers. The editor of the Union
newspaper, in commenting upon the course pur-
sued by the Southern Press of this city, says:
" We should not have noticed such acknowledgments
of profligacy, had not the honorable member from Missis-
sippi manifested so great an anxiety in Ins remaiks lest the
public interest should (all a sacrifice to the party bias of the
members of the Printing Committee. That gentleman called
to bis aid his friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Rantoul, who
declared that he could defend Ins own coalitions, hut not
those founded on public plunder. Coalitions to break up
the Union were all excusable, but coalitions to execute the
laws were infamous ! It was all right enough to prevent
the Washington Union trom being employed as public
printer, as long as theieby the dooi of hope-was kept open
for the Southern Press and the National Era ; but the mo-
ment the committee acted, as they were bound to do by the
provisions nflaw, all is wrong ! All was right as Long as
Mr. Borland continued to put his veto on the Washington
Union."
In my report from the committee, and in my
remarks upon it, I made no reflections' upon the
Washington Union. I said nothing about it, ex-
cept to state the action of the committee in regard
to it. And yet connecting the last sentence of the
paragraph which I have read with theother portions
of it—although it does not do so directly—it does,
by implication and innuendo, place me, together
with aRepresentativefrom theState ofMississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] and Mr. Rantoul, of Massachu-
setts, in the attitude of delaying and obstructing
the public business for the purpose of getting pat-
ronage, or because we could not give patronage, to
the editors of the Southern Press and of the Na-
tional Era. If it means anything, it means that.
