1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
It is a remarkable fart, sir, that out of the whole >
expenditure for infernal improvement by the Gen- >
eral Government, the southern States have received (
but $4,679,045, as will be seen by the table, while ]
the northern States have received $10,822,178. j
The gallant State of South Carolina has not re- !
ceived one dollar. I mention these facts, not t
from any sectional feeling;, but merely to state j
them as th«sy are shown from the figures. When ;
will the time arrive when western commerce and |
western rivers are to receive their due proportion j
of the revenue? "Will it ever arrive t I fear not, j
sir, under the system adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to [
read a lecture to my colleague, or to anybody else ;
here, but I intend to say 
Mr. CHURCH WELL, is the gentleman op-
posing the amendment.
Mr. JONES. Certainly. I do not intend to
vote for the bill whether the appropriation for the
Tennessee be included in the bill or not.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Of course not; that
would not be expected of my colleague. |
Mr.CHURCHWELLdemandedtellers; which ;
were not ordered. ,
The question was then taken upon the amend- !
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CASKIE. I offer the following amend- i
ment:
For the improvement of tho James and Appomittox |
rivers below the cities of Richmond and Petersburg,
$45,000.
Unlike my friend, Mr. Chairman, X go into
this battle with a high hope, yea, a confidence of
success; for I do not consider the amendment I
offer to have yet been, in all that has been said
upon this floor, really opposed. There are many
things I desire to say—some of them relating to
myself—but five minutes fly by so quickly that I
must not only talk rapidly, but sacrificing all else,
I shall confine myself to the simple presentation of
such facts as time will permit me to adduce. It
is a mistake to suppose that the people of Virginia
are indifferent to these rivers. A petition for the
improvement of the James river was, I am in-
formed, presented to the last Congress. The
Council of the city of Richmond has repeatedly
acted on the subject. I have here before me the
proceedings of a " Virginia Commercial Conven-
tion, " held in the city of Richmond the 10th and
JUh of September, 1851, in which, by resolution,
they declared that " the bars which now obstruct
the navigation of the James river should be re-
moved."
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Commerce seems to base his objection to our
amendment, as I find him reported m the Globe,
upon the idea that we claim that our amendment
" should now be inserted without estimates, with-
out surveys and without data."
Now, if I show him that this is error, that there
are surveys, estimates, and data on which I ask
this amendment, may 1 not appeal to his fairness,
and the fairness of gentlemen on all sides of the
House, and ask if they will not remember the
maxim " equality is equity," and in this commit-
tee correct the plain injustice of the omission of
Virginia from the hill? Here in this volume of
Executive documents which [ hold in my hand,
is the report of Howard St.insbury, United States
Civil Engineer, made to Colonel Abert, of the
Topographical Engineers, giving the results of a
complete survey of that part of the James river
where the obstructions exist, to which thisamend-
ment relates. I have been informed by Professor
Baehe, who is now with his camp at Rosslyn,
near Petersburg", engaged m the survey of the
twelve miles of the Appomattox, which this amend-
ment includes, and which survey he will follow
by that of the James, as part of the Coast Survey,
of which he is the head, and who has very recently
made an inspection of the Jame*, that from such
examination as he has been able to make, Stans-
bury \s Report is a very thorough and reliable doc-
ument. It is also his opinion that if there be any
error in that report, it is against the improvement
—the professor considering that perhaps the ob-
structions are now less serious than they would
annear from the report. Stansbury's estimate is
$1 !o,200.
And without making any complaint, I must be
permitted to remark, that since we have b^en in
this committee I have presented to the chairman
of the Committee on Commeice, for his examina-
tion, the report of Stansbury.
Here let me say that I trust an opportunity will
be afforded the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. M ore he ad,] who informs me that he con-
siders his district as much interested in this matter
as my own, to say a word on this amendment.
Now as to data. I had supposed that a glance
at the map, and a very slight inspection of the
census synopsis, which I imagine is in the pos-
session of every member of this committee, would I
be sufficient to show the impropriety of the omis- j
sion of Virginia from the bill. _ ;
Here are before me plenty of statistics, which ,
I wish my time would allow me to read. T will j
give you some from the report of a committee of j
that Commercial Convention, to which I have al- j
ready alluded, in which report it is stated that:
" the tonnage employed in the direct foreign trade '
between Europe and the waters of the James river,
amounts to nearly 30,000 tons." To which I will
add, that besides many large schooners running j
between Richmond and various ports of the coun-
try, there are now steam lines from Richmond to
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, which
serve a very act ve commerce:
" In estimating the present value of the Chesapeake trade,
so ferae mati'iiais aie at hand tor a correct es-timate, we
will find that the James river and Kanawa canal, it^ prin-
cipal tributary, contributed during the last year, $8,135,-
865 49, the pm'ductaof the interior; whilst it carried into
the inferior, merchandise and other ailicles, valued at
$7,727,£'24 29. *
" The business of the Central Railroad has doubled within
the pasd year, its downward tonnage mounting to25,000
tons, and its upward transportation la perhaps one half that
amount."
Mr. STROTHER. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of my colleague. I move
to strike out $45,000, and insert $60,000. My
reasons for so domg, 1 will state very briefly to
the committee. It js true that the Committee on
Commerce have overlooked James river, in Vir-
ginia, in the division of funds which they propose
to devote to this subject; and so far as the influence
and effect of the action of that committee bear
upon the question, it ignores the existence of one
of the largest commercial interests in this country.
There is hardly any commercial portion of this
country so largely demanding the favorable con-
sideration of this body, as this very one now un-
der consideration. The city of Richmond is now
the center of internal improvements in the shape
of canals and railroads, upon which have been
expended, by State and individual enterprise,
near $20,000,000. Improvements are reaching to-
wards, and when completed, will grapple with the
mighty commercial productionsof the Mississippi
valley, so that there are concentrated already at
that point a large amount of productions, not only
of Virginia but of part of North Carolina, seeking
for foreign and home markets, to be largely in-
creased when these improvements strike the valley
of the Mississippi river. Consequently not only
the interests of Virginia are involved in this ques-
tion, but the interests of all the northern commer-
cial States, and the interests of the western pro-
ductive States. This tide of production flowing
and to flow along these lines to Richmond and
Petersburg is obstructed in its after progress to
the outside markets of the country, by the imped-
iments m James river. The owners of vessels
North, and the purchasers of productions North,
are interested, as much as we are in Virginia, in :
the removal of these impediments.
The report of Mr. Stansbury, referred to by j
my colleague, [Mr. Caskie,] shows the cost of
this improvement in removing these bars, by
which large vessels come up to the ports of Rich-
mond and Petersburg. So we have data upon
which to make this appropriation, and upon that
data I urge upon this committee that $60,000 are
hardly enough to accomplish all that is desired m
the removal of the largest impediments, and the
giving a larger and freer flow to this tide of trade
and commerce. I know that there are influences
operating upon the minds of this committee against
this apnropriation. First, that the Representa-
tives of Virginia, in their strict construction of
the powers of this Government over this question,
take ground but upon principles of justice and
right. And many consider it just and proper to
give lo Virginia the fullest benefit of her own con-
stitutional doctrines. These doctrines, although
An. Rep. of J. R. and K. Co., Nov., 1850.
still regarded as of great value, are now treated aa
holy relics, and so far as the action of ihe Federal
Government is concerned, are reserved entirely for
exhibition at grand party festivals and conven-
tions, and exhibited there for the venerating ad-
miration of party. Certainly, since the days of
the Memphis Convention, where the geographical
discovery was announced that the Mississippi was
an internal sea—a sort of Mediterranean—and its
affluents, bays, estuaries, &c., the policy of the
Government upon the questions embraced in this
bill maybe regarded as fixed, and the Virginia
construction as discarded and obsolete.
While I am a disciple of that school, I aim mot
of the " straightest sect,"and helieve that the Fed-
eral Government has the power to improve har-
bors and rivers. Furthermore, I recognize the
necessity of modifying abstract opinions accord-
ing to the changing, enlarging, and exciting ex-
igencies of the Jaws. It would be certainly unjust
to the people of Virginia, and to the people of the
whole Union, for this committee to reject, this
amendment upon the reason stated. The system
should be administered upon no principles of favor-
itism or of punishments, but according to the just
requirements of the commercial wants of the coun-
try. I stand ready to vote for any bill that is just,
and wise, and fair in its character, and against any
that is not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Strother,] who last spoke, and in favor of
the original amendment. I shall have great hesi-
tation in reconsidering any determination 
Mr. STROTHER. I was about to say, that
at the suggestion of gentlemen, if the committee
is peculiarly economical upon a question of
§15,000, I would withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the amend-
ment cannot be withdrawn until I have concluded
what I have to say. I was about to say that I
should have great hesitation in reconsidering any
determination to which the Committee on Com-
merce, upon a full examination of the subject,had
come. I understand this to be a matter which has
not been brought before the Committee on Com-
merce, or considered by them. I understood fur-
ther, in relation to some of the appropriations
asked for here, that there have been no surveys
made b^ which Congress could judge of the cost,
or what was to be done. That objection does not
exist in this case, for full surveys nave been made
under the authority of this Government showing
that this improvement may be made at an ex-
pense less than the annual injury resulting to com-
merce there.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for thegentle-
man to advocate this amendment? I understand
that he should oppose the addition of §15,000.
Mr. DAVIS. It is legitimate for me to show
that the addition ought not to be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The first gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Caskie] proposes §45,000. The
other gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Strother]
proposes to amend by striking out "forty-live,"
and inserting "sixty." The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] opposes striking out
"forty" and inserting "sixty."
Mr. HOUSTON". The erentleman has a right
to oppose the addition of $15,000.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] must confine his remarks
to the difference between $45,000 and §60,000.
Mr. DAVIS. If my friend does not see the
pertinency of my argument, it is no fault of mine.
I will go on in the line of suggestion I was about
making. I was about to say, that it appears
by the report of the engineer made under the
authority of this Government some number of
years ago, that this improvement may be made at
an expense less than the annual injury which re-
sults to commerce from the existence of these ob-
structions. It further appears, if any gentleman
will take the pains to examine into the facts, that
this improvement has been agitated in Virginia for
many years.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 believe there has been no
opposition to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment, offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Strother,] has been discussed for
and against. After the vote is taken upon this
