1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
for having the work done at once and promptly.
The main, if not only, consideration suggested
by Mr. Donelson himself, to me, and his active
fiien<ls, to induce me to support that proposition,
was the necessity of it to sustain the Union as a
party press; it being alleged that in no other way
could the paper bp sustained and kept up. Sir,
the appeal was distinctly, and repeatedly, and
openly, made to me, as a party man, to do this
as a party measure, whereby patronage would be
given to that paper, which was a losing concern,
and could not be sustained except by profitable
jobs-of public printing. Appeals were made to
me upon that ground, and that ground alone, not
merely in connection with this printing, but when
Mr. Bright's resolution was reported from the
Committee on Printing, to give to Donelson &
Armstrong the printing of the Seventh Census,
the appeal was made to me upon the same ground
by the active friends of the Union, and by one of
its conductors in person—I mean Mr. Donelson.
I was.told that it was necessary in order to sus-
tain thepaper, that it must have that printing.
Nay, sir, I was told—and I am sorry to have to
say it, but it is necessary to my full justification—
1 was told by one of the most active friends of
that press—one who had its interests specially in
charge, in regard to this patronage, that unless the
printing was given to Donelson & Armstrong, and
that, too, within three weeks, the Democratic
party would be disorganized and disbanded. The
gentleman who told me so, said he had agreed
with some fifty others of the House of Repre-
sentatives, that the proposition should be made a
test of the Democratic party organization; and
that unless it were conformed to, the party would
be disorganized and disbanded.
Whether thegentleman making that declaration
to me had the authority to speak for the fifty others,
I do not know. 1 do not know, even, that he was
reaily in earnest, for himself. But the declaration
he did make repeatedly, and often most vehement-
ly. My answer to that was in very brief terms.
1 stated, with perfect candor, that if the integrity
and organization of the Democratic party, much
as I loved it, depended upon the patronage to be
given in the form of profitable jobs of public work
to newspapers at Washington, or was to be sus-
tained only by services to be paid for in money
out'of the public Treasury, 1 would, at that very
moment, vote for its disorganization and annihi-
lation; and further, that if such was the conditions
of partisan service to be rendered by the Wash-
ington Union, the sooner the Democratic party
was clear of it, the better.
I am as thorough a party man as any one upon
this floor. I have been devoted to the interests
of my party ever since I first took part in the
business of life. 1 do not care what cries may
be raised against me—what statements may be
made as to my position, or my party associations,
or the considerations which control mc. T am
willing to stand upon the declarations I have just
made, as a rule for my conduct m all matters' in-
volving my public duties, or party relations. 1
feel, in my heart, that I have a clean bill of polit-
ical and party health. I shall trust to it. But,
sir, supposing the Union to have satisfied me ever
so well as a party organ—supposing its couise to
have been ever so acceptable to me, as a Dem-
ocratic press, when it was proposed to me, as a
means of sustaining and supportingit, th.it I should
support, also, a paper directly opposed to the prin-
ciples and the views [ entertain—my antipodes in
politics, and engaged in the doily denunciation of
the party to which I belong, I would have seen
the whole concern, and every other paper along
with it, sunk into the bottom of the sea, before I
would have moved one finger, or ^aid one word
in acquiescence—or hesitated to declare, as I now
declare, my disavowal and repudiation of all such
means or arrangements. Tell me, sir, about Dem-
ocratic organization, and party fealty, to be man-
ifested by such propositions and arrangements as
this! Why, sir, what is it but a coalition with
our political opponents? And for what? Not,
sir, for political advancement, or party advantage.
No, sir, it js political amalgamation, and aban-
donment of party, with the effect only of giving
money to particular individuals—and one of those
individuals an active, unscrupulous, vindictive po-
litical opponent! To my mind, it has no consid-
erations of propriety to commend it to favor—no
item of party ad vantage to justify it. It is, to my
apprehension, neither more nor less than an amal-
gamation of parties—an utter disregard of all party
distinctions, for mere pecuniaiy gain. Such is
my opinion. " Let it pass for what it may be worth.
1 neither censure nor condemn that of others.
And here, Mr. President, lest I be misunder-
stood, I must do an act of simple justice to an
individual. I had heard, from an early period of
the session, that an arrangement had existed be-
tween the Union and Republic newspapers, to get,
and divide the public printing. I was sorry to
hear it. The rumor was contradicted. 1 accepted
the contradiction. I heard it again, on what
seemed to me pretty good authority, the day be-
fore the committee met. This arrangement was
made on the 8th of April. On that morning, as I
was coming to the Capitol, I met one of the pro-
prietors of the Washington Union—I mean Gen-
eral Armstrong; and 1 had a conversation with
him on this subject. I stated to him, that I under-
stood that this arrangement was about to be made.
And, as I expected from him—a gentleman whom
I have known for years, and for whom I have
ever entertained the highest respect—with an ex-
pression of indignation which became him, he
said, in substance: " Sir, I know of no such ar-
' rangement ; and if any such arrangement should
' be made, I should repudiate it; I love my party;
' I labor for my party ; and any legitimate advan-
' tage, in a pecuniary point of view, that I can get
' in the faithful discharge of my duty to that party,
41 will receive ; but if it is to be obtained by
' amalgamation and coalition with my political
4 opponents, I would scorn to touch it." I hon-
ored him for the sentiment. It was what I ex-
pected from what I had known, and what I had
always heard, of his course through life. And I I
do not believe now, that such an arrangement as '
that of which I have spoken, meets, or can meet, !
his approval, or would, under aiy circumstances, I
be accepted or concurred in by him. !
Mr. President, I have said all that I desire to
say, in a maimer somewhat incoherent and dis- !
connected, it is true, yel, expressing, in substance, !
the views I entertain. I beg pardon of the Senate
for having trespassed so long upon theirattention, 1
and am now done. j
Mr. SUMNER. May I throw myself for one !
minute, and only one minute, on the indulgence j
of the Senate? I also have a personal explanation
to make.
Mr. BADGER. I must interpose an objection.
Tluee quarters of an hour have already been taken
up on private bill day with personal explanations, j
Mr. SUMNER, f only wish one minute.
Mr. BADGER. Then I withdraw my obiec- I
tion. I
Mr. STJMNER. I see by the telegraphic re- [
pons in the New York and Boston papers, of what |
passed in this body on the question of granting i
lands to the State of Ohio, that the remarks which j
fell from the honorable Senator from Virginia j
[Mr. Hunter] are attributed to myself. 1 am, j
by that fact, placed, if I may say so, in a false j
altitude. 1 am made to say that I would not vote \
for the bill; and then,upon the yeas and nays, my ;
vote appears as in favor of it. I wished simply !
to make a correction of that fact, that the incon- ]
sistency should not appear before the country. 1 ;
did not speak on that occasion, but simply voted j
for the bill, believing that, in doing so, I did an !
act of justice, at once to the State of Ohio, and no 1
injustice to the old States. j
ORDER OF BUSINESS. '
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have had some peti- j
tions to present, which I wish to get before the i
committees, and I have been trying for a day or !
two without succeeding. I want to get through '
with the morning business. I expect that other ;
gentlemen have petition"? as well as myself. I 1
move to suspend the order, requiring this day to i
be set apart for private bills, until half past one :
o'clock. [
The motion was not agreed to. !
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask the permission of !
the Senate to make a motion to take up the defi- j
ciency hill to-day. j
The PRESIDENT. Thatcannot be done with-
out a suspension of the order.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move that all prior
orders of business he suspended for the purpose
of taking- up that bill.
Mr. WALKER. Is that in order > We have
just decided not to postpone private bills.
The PRESIDENT. This is for a different
purpose.
Mr. PRATT. I think it would be much better
to have a general understanding that we will meet
to-morrow for the piupose of taking up the defi-
ciency bill, if the Senator from Virginia desires
it. If there is that understanding, it will produce
a general attendance on the part of Senators,
and private bills will be proceeded with to-day, as
it was" expected. The general expectation was
that private bills would be taken up to-day, and
there are many-Senators who desire to vote on the
bill, to which the Senator from Virginia refers, who
are not in their places, but who would be here to-
morrow if such an understanding was had.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no expectation of
being able to get through the bill in one or two
days, for I have already received notice that it
will probably be debated. If it is in order for me
to make the motion, I should like to have the
sense of the Senate upon it. I have nothing to
say. I merely wish a vote.
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order for the
Senator to move to suspend the order of business
for a specific purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit that motion,for the
purpose of taking up the deficiency bill.
Mr DOUGLAS. I have been trying to get the
floor for the purpose of making an appeal to the
Senate in behalf ofthe Territorial bills, which, ifnot
passed by the Senate this week, may not be acted
upon in the House of Representatives this session.
Seeing that there is a disposition on the part of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
Private Calendar, I am unwilling to ask it to take
up the Territorial business to-day, but I ask the
Senate to meet to-morrow, and then ,let us act
upon the Territorial bills. Those who do not feel
an interest jn Territorial business may stay away
to-morrow. We will take no exception to it.
Those who do take an interest in it are certainly
enough to make a quorum, and I hope they will
gratify me by coming to-morrow and acting on
these bills.
Mr. ATCHISON. If it is in order, I will move,
as I find the Senator from North Carolina has
neglected his duty, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not now
in order, as there is a motion pending which was
made by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
from Missouri to withdraw the latter motion. He
need not be alarmed that I shall neglect to attend
to my duty.
The motion to lay the motion of Mr. Hunter
on the table, was not agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to my hon-
orable friend from Virginia, that it would be better
to make the deficiency bill the order of the day for
Monday. 1 am willing to take it up now, and
postpone it, and make it the special order for that
day. That is the reason why I voted against lay-
ing his motion on the table. 1 know he is in duty
bound to press this matter. He is only acting as
the chairman of the Committee on Finance ought
to act. It is evident that the bill cannot be dis-
posed of this week, and therefore I would suggest
that it would be much better, by common consent,
to set aside Monday for its consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very reluctant, to press
this matter, day after day, upon the Senate; but I
have received a letter from one of the Depart-
ments, informing me that drafts have been drawn
upon the Government, and that there are no ap-
propriations to meet them. I believe that every
cent of appropriation for the transportation of the
Army is exhausted; every centforforage has been
exhausted. I am placed in a disagreeable position.
I stand responsible before the country for this de-
lay. All 1 ask, is for the Senate to give me a vote.
If they vote me down, I shall trouble them no
more.
The motion to postpone the order, of the day
was agreed to.
•DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider,
as in Committee of the "Whole, the bill of the
House of Representatives, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1852.
