1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
maladministration, and how shall we hold the Ex-
ecutive responsible? Why, sir, we can do so, by
exposing the facts to the public. Cut, it is asked,
44 How shall we ascertain those facts? There
may be abuses, and Congress may not be able to
reach one in ten." I admit that fact; and yet,
when there has been great expense and extrava-
gance, there will always be a mode of reaching it.
One method is, to expose the sum total, to hold
up the aggregate result; and if it be of a character
calculated tt> startle the public mind, then,the
Administration must explain how thatexpenditure
is made. Another mode of reaching and correct-
ing such extravagance is, by going into specific
items, and showing that these expenditures were
extravagant and improper, as may sometimes be
done. I believe that, when we look at the subject
in either way,_we shall find there has been extrav-
agance and maladministration. Some of these
extraordinary expenses might, perhaps, appear to
be necessary in the administration of the Govern-
ment, m distant portions of the country; and it
was,'at all events, difficult for the Executive to
prevent abuses; but these abuses do exist, to a j
fearful and alarming extent, and I propose, pres- j
ently, to call the attention of the Senate to some i
of them.
In the report made a year ago last December,
for the year 1850, the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the purpose of showing the expenses of the
Mexican war, made a table, from which it appears
that the average expenses for the years 1843,1844,
and 1845 are taken in one table by way of compar-
ison, and'then the years 1846,1847, and 1848, and
then three other years. The average expenses, ex-
clusive of the trust fund expenses in the Post Office
Department, and the payment of the principal and
interest of the public debt, for the three first years
was $25,410,000. The average annual expenses
during the years of the Mexican war were $45,729,-
888. Let us see what is the sum total of the expendi-
tures now. According to his statement, there was
expended during the last year $38,028,801, after de-
ducting payments on account of trust funds and the
public debt. In the quartermaster's department,
there was expended, according to a statement fur-
nished me by its head, $5,286,142 for the fiscal
year-ending in June, 1851. By a statement fur- '
nished me from the Register's office, it appears
that of this sum, $5,064,295 were drawn from the
Treasury; so that the residue of $1,221,850 was
probably derived from Mexican contributions and
the civil fund in California. Now, as the state-
ment of expenses in the Secretary's report was
taken from the Register's books, we must add this
(241,847 to the $38,028,601 to find the real ex-
penditure of $38,270,648 for that year. Such, sir,
were tl\e disbursements of one year, and that in
time of peace. The estimated expenditures* for
the present year, exclusive of debt and interest, is
$41,533,000, and since that statement, new and
large additions have been proposed in this defi-
ciency bill. Now, it will not do to say that this
expense was on account of these distant posses-
sions. We had large armies afoot during the
Mexican war; and, according to the statements of
the present Secretary of the Treasury, the annual
expense then, as appeared from the Register's
books, was about $45,000,000, or about ten per
cent, more than the sum estimated for the present
fiscal year. I say, then, that these results show
something which requires an explanation.
I find, on comparing the expenditures for the
Army proper, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1845, and the year ending June, 1851, that in
1845 the whole expense under that head was
$3,155,027; and in 1851 the expense of the Army
proper was $8,949,000. When you come to add
to that $241,847, to be for expenditures in the
quartermaster's department, not appearing in the
Register's books, you have an expenditure for the
Army proper of upwards of $9,000,000, being
about three times as much as it was in 1845.
We have the estimate for 10,500 troops in the
field; and when we come to take the expense for
the quartermaster's department for the last fiscal
year, we find it comes very nearly $500 per man
under that head alone. In the Army proper, the
expense, when the sum of $241,847 is added as
above to the Secretary's statement, is about $875
per man. And the whole military expenditures
of that year are $11,811,792, as stated in the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, §241,847,
as appears from the evidence to which I have re-
ferred, and $2,062,267 for military pensions would
amount to $1,344 per man.
L£ut the fair mode of estimating these expendi-
tures for purposes of comparison, is to take those
for the Army proper; and under that head we have,
as 1 have before stated, $875 per man for the last
fiscal year. But when we come to look at some of
these items, we find they are of a character that
must of necessity startle us. During the last fis-
cal year they spent, in the Q,uaitermaster's De-
partment in Texas alone, $1,040,000; in Cali-
fornia, $827,000; in Oregon, $187,000; in New
Mexico, $806,154—and ho_w does all this come
about? Why, it results from the fact that there
has been no elasticity, no flexibility, in the sys-
tem of administration as applied to new and en-
tirely different circumstances. They persisted in
following an old system, designed for an old and
thickly-settled country, and applied it to a wil-
derness. Every other people, exhibiting any ad-
ministrative genius, and having distant posses-
sions, have adapted their system of administration
to the circumstances to which it was to be applied.
The old Roman soldier marched with his imple-
ments of labor, as well as with his weapons of
war, designed to cover himself at night after the
march of the day was over. The soldier of the
French Imperial Army, when his object was speed,
dispensed with the cumbrous equipage of a tent,
and found a temporary substitute in the fire of the
bivouac. And if something of this sort of admin-
istrative genius and talent had been shown m our
service, how much might we have reduced the ex-
penditure of the Army at these distant posts! But
nothing of this sort was done until very lately.
Nothing was done towards making the soldiers
help to cover and subsist themselves until very re-
cently. Now, there is a change. On the 8th of
January 1851, an order was issued requiring the
soldiers to raise provisions for their own use at
the posts, and allowing them such prices for
them as the United States would have given in
the nearest city in which such supplies were usu-
ally purchased. This order was but a renewal of
one that was originally issued by Mr. Calhoun,
when Secretary of War, on September 11, 1818.
Why was it allowed to slumber so long, a dead
letter on the records of the Department?
We find by reports that this plan is working
well. The first quarter from which we have had
any account in regard to it is Fort Leavenworth,
in which instance we have a cheering report of its
good effects. We are also informed that Colonel
bumner intends to execute this order in New
Mexico, with a good prospect of effecting a reform
in the expenditures, as we are informed by Col
onel Swords. (See (Quartermaster General's re-
port.) The fact of the change is evidence of the
sense of the Department as to its propriety. Have
we not a right to complain that this old policy was
not sooner renewed?
Another reason of this great expense is, that
the army was improperly posted. This, too, is
evidenced by the fact, that these posts have been
changed, and by the testimony of Colonel Swords.
Colonel Swords states that he found the army in
New Mexico, posted in towns where everything
in the nature of fuel, provisions, and forage, was
dear; but they are now taken out of these towns
to places where grass grows spontaneously, and
the troops may supply themselves on cheaper
terms with fuel and quarters. And thus a large
expense for forage may, perhaps, be avoided.
We also leain that it has been the habit to feed
horses with large quantities of grain, and that in
a wasteful manner, in a country where corn is
sold from $1 60 to $2 80 per bushel. He says
that there is one route, especially, which he has
been over, on which it is not necessary to feed
grain. He mentions an instance of one private
train which had been three times across the plains
without corn, merely feeding upon grass. He
says that he is trying the same experiment suc-
cessfully, and is feeding m that way. And yet
we find this immense expenditure for forage— 1
$600,000 for forage in New Mexico alone—clear in i
the last fiscal year. We find by his report that the
expense of a mule is something like $180 or $190 i
per year for corn alone, and about $13 50 annu- !
ally for farriery and medicines. We find the esti- '
mate for forage in Oregon, at Steilacoom, to be ;
nearly $20 per month, and at other points $14 36 1
per month. All this in a country where horses ;
run wild, and mounted Indians ride about with no ,
other support for their horses than the sponta-
neous growth of the plains, hi California the es-
timate for forage for horses, mules, and oxen, is
nowhere less than $20 per month; and in some
places, such as Rancho Delcmo, the estimate
is $40 25 per month, or upwards of $480 per
year. In the same estimates we find that at
Monterey it is $20 25 per month. And now per-
mit me to read you something in relation to that
matter. The estimate for forage at Monterey,
California, for the present fiscal year is $20 25
per month, or $243 per annum. 1 read now from
a document from the quartermaster's department,
beins; a report made by Alfred Sully in 1849, while
at Monterey. He {
" For fuel, the country is well supplied with wood on the
spot. For lorage, the grazing about lour miles from here,
whore mos-l of the public animals are now kept, is pretty
good tho year round."
So that in 1849 we have an officer reporting to
the quartermaster's department that the subsist-
ing of animals by grazing is pretty good the year
round, and yet here is an estimate of $20 per
month for forage for animals at that point.
But, sir, there is another cause, which I believe
has led to a great deal of unnecessary expense. I
acknowledge that there are great difficulties in the
way. I trust that I am speaking in no captious
spirit, but solely with the object of revealing the
truth. That other cause which has operated in
increasing the expenditure, is the mode in which
provisions and other supplies are transported tp
the army. It is the interest of the subsistence
department to purchase provisions, &c., as cheap
as they can, and hence they are often purchased
at distant places, without regard to the cost of
transportation. It is also the interest of the quar-
termaster's department to have them purchased at
points where the transportation will be as little as
possible; and in this conflict of interest it is the
duty of the Secretary of War to see that the pub-
lic interest is not thereby damaged. But owing,
perhaps, to this conflict of interests, it not unfre-
quently happens that these stores are transported
at a very heavy cost, sometimes at the rate of
twenty-two or twenty-three cents per pound, when
all things are estimated. Such, I think, was the
expense of transporting supplies through Indian-
ola,in Texas, to posts m New Mexico. • It is true
that the Department is altering this, and, in this
respect, I will not say an abuse, but an error, is
reforming. They are now contracting for their
transportation from Fort Leavenworth, in such a
way as to make it cost not more than from twelve
to fourteen cents per pound to the contractors, al-
though the expense of escorts and other things
swell this rate somewhat. But with respect to
all, except a few contracts for transportation made
about two years ago, it will be found that these
beginmngsof reform originated since the criticism
of the estimates from the War Department, at the
last session of Congress. I do not say that we
should not have had them without this, for neces-
sity would have forced them upon the attention of
any head of the departments. But one of the great
evils is, that the public agents at a distance seem
to act without any sense of responsibility to the
Government. Sir, we have had cases brought up
in which officers of the Army have become con-
tractors to furnish the Army with forageand hay.
We shall soon have another case brought before
us, in which the Indian commissioner in Califor-
nia undertook to feed thousands of Indians, there-
by spending hundreds of thousands of dollars,
without the authority of this Government.
Mr. DAWSON. May I ask the permission of
the Senator from Virginia to make a remark? He
speaks of this case as being brought out by his
call; he ought to do the Secretary of War the jus-
tice to say that, so far back as the 9th of Febru-
ary, he made a communication to the Senate of
that very fact; and asked this body to provide
some legislative remedy, as there was no law in
existence applicable to it.
Mr. HUNTER. That is certainly the fact. The
Senator from Georgia informed me, sir, that the
Secretary of War had addressed a letter to him on
the subject. I mentioned the call to identify the
case.
But, as I was goingon to say; these facts show
that the hand of authority is wanting to hold the
reins with a firmer and more vigorous grasp in
those distant portions of our immense empire; that
some voice should be raised that would be heard
