1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky by reducing
ihe amount ^100.000, so as to leave it $50,000.
I think that $50,000 is enough, as there has been
no suney, aLhough I confess, Mr. Chairman,
that I have no great confidence in the manner in
which this bill or the estimates have been prepared
by the head of the Topographic.il Bureau; and
that if the estimates of the Topographical Bureau
was here for §150,000, I would still vote for
$50,000. Why do I say this? I say it for this
reason, that the only proper person to estimate
for a work is the scientific officer who makes the
survey; that the information is strictly local, and
that it is not within the power of the head of the
department to take up that information and to un-
dertake, intelligently, in an office in the city of
Washington, to reverse all thnt that officer has
performed, and to pronounce his work good or
bad, as has been done in repeated instances in the
preparation o<* the estimates for this bill. Sir, I
do not care what gentlemen may think in relation
to the position or point thyt 1 now make.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I call the
gentleman from Texas to order. I understand
that he has moved to reduce the appropriation
proposed in the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. I insist that he should confine his re-
marks to the expediency of that reduction.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am doing it. Jf the gen-
tleman thinks I am not, let him comply with the
rule, and reduce my remarks to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Texas must confine his re-
marks strictly to his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I am doing so. T am show-
ing that this redaction ought to be mode, because
there is no estimate from the Topographical Bu-
reau; and then I think it is competent for me to
show how much weight ought to be attached to
the action of the head of the Topographical Engi-
neers, who has prepared these estimates. Is that
not in order p
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair thinks that it
is taking very large latitude.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is out of order for a
gentleman to adduce reasons m favor of a position
which he assumes, of course it is impossible for
us to proceed intelligibly. J undertake to say that
the estimates of the head of the Topographical
Bureau huve not been made fairly; that he has
taken the reports of his subordinate officers—the
most intelligent and competent officers in his corps;
that he hns reduced their estimates in some in-
stances, and rejected them altogether m others.
Mr. STUART. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the gentleman reduce his
point of order to wr'ting.
Mr. STUART. It is not necessary for me to
do so. The rule does not. require it.
The tJH AIRMAN. The Cbairthinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Texas are entirely
out of order. The Chair called the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Walsh] to order for making
remarks of the same character.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order, and it i.s this: The rule requires that when
one gentleman calls another gentleman to order in
debate, he shall, if required to do so, reduce his
point of order to writmer, that the Chair may de-
ride it. That is a privilege that the member upon
the floor has a right to, and I make the point be-
cause it becomes important.
Mr. HOWARD. I demanded it myself.
The CHAIR M AN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Illinois, that the Chair himself
made the same point as the gentleman from Mich-
igan.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Wnh all due deference
to the Chair, I want it reduced to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule does not require
the Chair to reduce it to writing.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. But thegentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] mode the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair himself had
made the same point of order, and the gentleman
from Michigan only inseto enforce it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is it in order for me
to oppose the amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Texas.''
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HOWARD, I will withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
That can only be done by
The CHAIRMAN
unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Texas. My
amendment proposes to appropriate $150,000, and
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas pro-
poses to reduce that amount to §100,000. 1 as-
sure the gentleman, and 1 assure the committee,
that the amount named in my amendment is little
enough for the improvement of the stream. You
cannot improve the Kentucky river for §150,000,
much less for $50,000, which (he gentleman pro-
poses to reduce it to. Indeed, the sum I ask is
only intended fairly to begin the work, and must
be followed by further appropriations hereafter.
Another reason for the passage of this amend-
ment is, that the section of country m which the
Kentucky river lies, and of which it is the im-
portant stream—being the principal stream in our
State, as Us name prove.-*—has received fewer ap-
propriations than any other, and that the largest
appropi iations have been given to the East. 1 call
the attention of the committee to a curious fact,
illustrating how certain localities are cherished by
the Committee on Commerce.
On analyzing this bill, I discovered that not a
single estimate made by the Engineer department
for the State of New York, and accepted by the
committee, has been cut down one dollar, while
the estimates have been cut down one half, and
sometimes more, for mo^t of other improvements,
and especially for those in the Northwest.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Will thegen-
tleman let me say one word '
Mr, BRKCK1NRIDGE. I cannot; my lime
is too short.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I presume the gentleman
does not wish to misrepresent the committee?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly I do not,
and I will yield to the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will state, then, to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that, instead of the fact be-
ing as he had stated it, if h^ will look at the printed
estimates, he will find that several works estimated
for on Lake Erie have been entirely left out of this
bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have examined
this bill carefully, and I am not mistaken in what
I say. it is true, as stated by the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, that some of the es-
timates made by the Engineer department are not
contained in this bill, but it is also tiuo that of ail
the numerous appropriations for the State of New
York, contained in this bill, there is not one m
which they havenot gone up fully to the estimates
of the Engineer department, while they have cut
down the estimates for other portions of the coun-
try, in many instances one half.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order to discuss the general merits of
the bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I msist that the gen-
tleman shall reduce his point of order to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the rule to be, that where tin re has been anything
personal in debate, the point of order must be re-
duced to writing, but not otherwise.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I call thegentleman
from Kentucky to order.
The CHA1RMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky must confine his remarks strictly to the
reasons why the appropiiatniu should not be re-
duced.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Howdoesthe Chair
decide upon the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [.Mr. Stuart']
The CHAIRMAN. The Chaii did not fully
understand the question made by the gentleman
from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I submitted that it was not in
order to discuss the merits of the bill, or whether
it is founded upon the estimates submitted by the
Departments or not, upon the amendment now
pending.
The CHAIRMAN The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 submit that it is perfectly
legitimate to discuss the question which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky was discussing. He was
endeavoring to show that the appropriations con-
tained m this bill were not fairly distributed in
the various sections of the country; and I hold
that that is legitimate argument.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
I ask the Chair whether this question of order is
debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the reading of the
36th rule. That will show that the gentleman
from Kentucky has the right to demand that the
gentleman from Michigan shall reduce his point
of order to writing.
Mr. CARTTE'R. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order.
Mr. RICHARDSON and others, objected to
the reading* of the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky ha<* still one minute left, and will proceedin
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am prepared to show,
and but for the extreme sensitiveness of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, would show that the locali-
ties from which the gentlemen come, who com-
pose thatcommittee, are amply provided for in this
bill, while others are neglected.
Several Members. That istrue.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I mean nothing dis-
respectful to the committee. They did what was
perfectly natural. If I had been upon that com-
mittee it would have been perfectly natural for
me to have cared specially for my own State.
i That is the course connected with this whole sys-
tem, when you descend to State and local appro-
jj priations.
ij Thegentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuartj is
!| solicitous that we shall not go info the discussion
j of the general merits of this bill. Sir, all debate
! upon this bill wTas smothered in the beginning.
ii You have gone into committee upon the bill, and
:i have put the five minutes rule upon us, and now
■ i you will not even allow us to discuss it upon its
|| merits in a five minutes speech.
;i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decide*
! that the gentleman cannot discuss the general
'j merits of the bill unon an amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not object to
the decision of the Chair, but I do object to these
I points of order being raised by members of the
j. Committee on Commerce.
'' Mr. STUART. As it happens, however, 1
have not the fortune to be a member of the Com-
i1 mittee on Commeice.
;i The question was taken, and the amendment to
I the amendment was not agreed to.
: The question was then taken upon Mr. Breok-
jmiidgjs's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
,, Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, submitted the
!\ following amendment, to come in at the end of the
! clause under consideration, viz:
I I'rooidcd, That the. appropriation4! herein contained tot
ij the Mississippi, the Ohio, the Missouri, and the A kansa: 
! rivms shall Ik: applied evclubively to the improvement of
', the ch.t'iiM'I.- of-<ml riven respectively, and not to tfse con-
"-miction oi l.imhni^ and harboia on said rivers.
i Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, I believe I have at
last succeeded in offering an amendment,-which
' will meet the approbation of the committee. If it
■ ' does not, all 1 can say in addition is, that I am
opposed to making appropriations in this bill for
the improvement either of harbors, or landings
,* upon the rivers. I deny the authority, and I deny
1 the policy or the expediency of the General Gov-
| eminent to make them, for the retison that it i.s
ij substituting individual inteie.«t for the public we!-
fctie. But I have another reason for offering this
, amendment. Heretofore the General Government
has oppropriated large sums of money—hundreds
; of thousands of dollars—for the purpose of making
1 the wharves of St. Louis accessible. For the pui-
i pose of making myself understood, I will ex-
j: plain the position of an island in the Mississippi,
oppositeSt. Louis, about the middle of the river,
called Bloody Island. The tendency of the cur-
■ rent is to the Illinois side of that island. The city
,! of St. Louis, however, for the purpose of divert-
! inc; the natural channel of the rivpr to theSt, Louis
side of the river, without any kind of authority
'! commenced to build a dam across that portion of
,! the river between Bloody Island and the Illinois
1 side of the river. After they had proceeded with
'I the work for some time, the Illinois authorities
- applied to the courts for an injunction, to stop the
\ proceeding, which was granted. The city of St.
J Louis, in connection with the owners of Bloody
;j Island, made an application to the Legislature of
Illinois for the privilege of building two cause-
ways, er two dams, and to make two roads, con-
