190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. %
quick as I would him. I would as soon have one
master as many. I tell gentlemen, then plainly
J at thev may cry factious opposition as loud and
as long as thcy please. For one, I intend to stand
bv the rights of the minority m this House under
the rules! I should feel that I was an unfit repre-
sentative of the rights of a free people, if X should
on this occasion prove recreant in the defence^of
my own. This is the positional occupy,
and I
Gentle*-1! No;~ his skill and bravery in contending with a
wfll recollect that the President of,Fr^eu^i ^derPfo^thelefrvationdsfhis^ountry, attracted
i his coming into that country, and we follow^ >  nntinn. and his bleeding-
shall hold it, and maintain it, if I can get a little
band to stand by me, much longer than Louis
Kossuth ever defended the liberties "of his father-
land." You shall never pass this resolution in
this way', if I can prevent it. •
"When this resolution was first brought forward
on Monday week last, I gave a silent vote in my
seat against the suspension of the rules to allow
its-introduction. If £wo thirds had voted for it I
should simply have recorded my vote against it.
1 should not have attempted to thwart the will of
the majority properly and legally expressed. But
X shall not be run over in this way, nor will 1 sit
. by and see the rules thus trampled upon for any
purpose. If gentleman wish to carry this resolu-
tion, which they say there are two to One for, let
them cease their present efforts to force the House
in this irregular way. Let them bring forward
their motion next Monday to suspend the rules,
to allow it to be properly considered. If they
have two to one they can easily pass it. I shall
offer no further obstacle than my vote and my
reasons, and if there are not two thirds for it they
will have to do as all others do who fail to succeed
in their wishes in bringing forward measures here:
they will have to submit to the will of the House
when properly and fairly expressed under the ,
rules. If they attempt again to force the measure !
by numbers alone, or by physical indecorum, 1
they will then see the same unyielding defence of
the rights of the minority on this floor. I feel
that I and the minority hold the right in this issue.
No one on this floor can or has pretended to an-
swer the argument; and holding this position.,.I
shall continue to hold it and maintain it-, I shall
never surrender it. Upon that you may depend.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was lost.
Mr. WALSH moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
And that the Speaker, in the name of the members of
this House, then assure hun of their deep gratitude for his
signal services in the cause of freedom, and their high re-
spect for his exalted character and genma.
Mr. W. said: I have but very few words to say
in support of this amendment. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] said that this House
was putting a mark upon this age. It is, and I
am afraid it is going to be a bad mark; I am afraid
it is going to be one in reference to which we can
utter the ejaculation of " God save the mark!"
I therefore want to relieve myself from all con-
nection with it. Sir, we have fallen upon strange
things and strange times. But a short period has
elapsed since tins distinguished leader, with his
associates, were driven from their country, and
soughtrefuge within the limits of Turkey. Chris-
tendom then turned her back upon her own cham-
pion. The Crescent seemed for a time to assume
the energies of nature, and to borrow its light from
the Sun of Righteousness. You transferred these
people then to your own country, and they were
received upon your shores with a shout of welcome
such as is not often heard within the limits of the
Republic, prone as that heart is to generous im-
pulses. Maid arid matron joined the holy cause;
and ministering angels, around your domestic al-
tars,left the scenes of their devoted life, and came
forth to bless and hallow the festival of freedom.
The sons of toil, with the sweat of their brow
turned into gold, came with their offering to his
cause. Men, who are accustomed to instruct the
wise and hold together the masses, stood con-
founded by his wisdom, and fascinated by the
necromancy of his voice. And where is this dis-
tinguished individual to leceive, for the first time,
the cold shoulder? It is m the councils of the
American nation ! not in the aristocratic Senate—
so called—but from the offspring of the masses, so
that your future history will read, that of all the
people of this great nation, njne refused to give
iin) hospitality except those who asked him to
.some ana get it.
I have but little more to say upon this subject,
fcut I ask gejuleijieii what translation we can give
of our votes upon this subject; what translation
do we give to the President of France ?
men will recollect that the Presiden* '<
posed his coming into that country
m his footsteps and say that he shall not come
into the Capitol. When the record of this pro-
ceeding gets to Europe, what will the friends of
liberty think of it? I have not time to Ipok into
the matter now, or to express my views in connec-
tion with it; but let us look at the effect upon our
people. When the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] said the other day that there were not
twenty men in this House who were m favor 01
intervention, the words were scarcely out of his
mouth when the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] almost the head of his party—a man who
was a prominent candidate for the_ Speakership in
the Democratic caucus, and standing in the posi-
tion he does, whose words are almost the organ
of the Democratic party, what does ne tell you?
He says, never trifle with the people. This man
is at your door, and if you do not receive him, it
you turn him away from your door, recollect the
people will take the matter into their own hands.
Mr. NEWTON. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of explaining or translating the votes I have
been giving, and expect to give, upon the resolu-
tion. They need no explanation, no transla-
tion. My object is to offer some considerations to
the committee in favor of the passage of the reso-
lution. The resolution is a simple proposition to
introduce Louis Kossuth, the representative of a ,
nation whose elevation we devoutly wished, and j
in whose depression we sincerely sympathize, to j
the Hall of the House of Representatives of the [
American nation—the most free, liberal, enhght- j
ened and powerful nation on earth; one whose
free institutions and laws are the wonder and ad-
miration of the whole civilized world; for whose
model the masses of all enlightened nations strive.
There is no long trail of committals, either ex-
press or implied, it is a sentiment of itself, and
for itself—a sentiment we inspired, kindled, and
kept alive, and permitted to spread over the lancU
until it would be suicidal to our honor to repel and
reject it. Is this resolution and its effects a mere
oiler to see the naked walls of your Capitol, and
view coldly and ceremoniously the nation in its
Representatives, there congregated? No, no! ver-
ily, no S It is an introduction to the nation, in all
her honor, her glory, and her pride. It is an in-
troduction of the Hungarian nation to the Ameri-
can nation in her full majesty and strength. It is
a free-will offering of the American nation in her
prosperity, to the Hungarian nation in her adver-
sity. It is a compliment rarely bestowed, but never
more richly deserved. It is a relation we sought,
and cannot, in honor, coldly repel and cast off.
How should it be bestowed ? Not grudgingly and
provisionally; not with exclusions of conclusions;
not timidly and fearfully; not in a controversial
spirit, grumbling and murmuring; butasfreemen,
proud and able to bestow upon one proud and de-
serving to receive. Does he come uninvited and
unsought, seeking an introduction, or interfering
*J3ai/ti>iore, January 3, 1852.
Dear Sir: There arc some errors m the report of my
remarks, 111 your paper of this date, ^hich I ask the favor
of you to correct by the publication of this note.
I referred to the services done by the Government of Tur-
key to Kossuth and his associates, and in that connection
said: " That in tins matter the Crescent appeared to adapt
itself to the analogies of nature, and to receive its light j
from the blessed Sun of Righteousness.This language, I j
admit, is imperfect; but it conveys the moaning. The terms i
used by your excellent Reporter, "The energies of nature," •
do not bring about that result. I should have said, that in
this matter the Crescent appeared to be governed by a rule ;
analogous to that prevailing in the natural world, and to j
denve its light, &c. t j
I said that Mr. Disney himself (not his words) might be
considered, looking to his relations to the Democratic party, ;
as in some measure an organ of its views. j
f did not say that this gentleman told the House not to
trifle with the people, f referred to his avowal, of concur- .
rence in the views of Kossuth, and relied upon it as an ad- j
ditional reason why the House should do ju Uce to that (
exalted person. That if it did not, there were thousands
of citizens whose sympathies would carry them to the path
laid out by the eloquent gentleman from Ohio. I was* m .
this course of remaik when the rule stopped me.
Yours, very respectfully, :
T. YATES WALSH, ;
Jqhh C, Rives, Esq.
with your relations, or disturbing our repose?
• * "it <*r\A V>i«avfiry in contending with a
still mofe powerful in-
ountry, attracted
the eye and ear of this nation, and his bleeding
country guided the nation's ship, with the nation s
resolve, across the ocean, to his incarceration, hu-
mility, and degradation, and'found him shut up
and shut out from the world, because kings and
kingdoms feared him. And what did you do with
him? To use his own eloquent sentiment,you
raised him from the dead, and warmed him into
life, and permitted him to breathe the free air, in-
hale free principles, express free sentiments, and
tread the free earth. _ _
You have done more; you have invited him into
your palace; and, when he knocks at your door,
will you refuse him, vilify him, slander him, and
shut the door against him? Who asks anew to let
him in? At least two thirds of the nation. And yet
you repel their earnest wish and desire, and turn
them off with scorn and contempt. I ask you to
pause and obey the expressed will and desire of
the nation, that reached him in his solitude and
safety, and the' reiterated voice of the country, •
and not crucify him afresh, in the house of his
friends. Has he feelings? If so, respect them.
Has the nation feeling? If so, respect that. But
be careful how you repel this warm, this gen-
erous, and eloquent heart, that swells with the love
of liberty and patriotism, and let loose the ultimate
and crowning wish of his humble prayer rampant
over the country. The importance of its passage
is vastly increased by its introduction and diBcus-
sion. Here we are, a house arrayed against
itself. To one room he is invited and welcomed,
and from the other he is shut out and refused an
entrance, and by it is degraded in his own estima-
tion, and that of his country and the world.
What! have you brought him here, and held him
up to the gaze of the world to humble and degrade
him anew? If you refuse him this common civil-
ity and turn him from this Hall, and not permit
him to see the promised land, you turn him over
to the common arbiter of all from principles—the
People. And they will ride with him upon the
wings of the wind, and spread his prayer to the
four corners of the earth, Do you not loose the
reins every hour you withhold your assent, and
give impetus to the car? Soon you cannot chain,
nor guide it. Retract—yield tii the voice of the
nation, once and again expressed. Yield to the
voice of your honor knocking at your door. My
friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] seems to
stand upon technicalities, with great tenacity.
But docs not that gentleman know that the inter-
pretation of these rules is a matter which the
House must determine for itself?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me for a moment? When the rales
of the House have been adopted, they are the law
of the House, and can only be altered or changed
through the regular mode.
Mr. NEWTON. So I understand.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well; that cannot be
done without giving one day's notice.
Mr. NEWTON. True. But the application
of this rule to the subject under consideration, is
a matter of opinion for the House to determine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was negatived.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following, viz:
In the same manner as General Lafayette was intro-
duced to the House of Representatives
Mr. C. Mr. Chairman, I have kept my seat
here for two days in silence, while this interesting
topic has been under discussion. I have been
moved with no ambition to break that silence; but,
sir, the door has been open wide, and every gen-
tleman who chose to express his sentiments upon
this subject has had an opportunity. I take this
occasion to say, that a largo portion of the people
whom I have the honor to represent here, have,
within a few years, emerged from the same condi-
tion of depression and wretchedness which attends
the people of Hungary, who are now the focus
of all the world; and that condition draws upon
them not only the observation, but the solicitude
and sympathy of the world. But, sir, were I to
keep utter silence, those whom I represent, at
least that portion of my constituents to whom I
