1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have.alluded, might think I was recreant to the
cause which they hold dear. They might suppose
I did not treat their sentiments and feelings with'
proper respect. I am moved, therefore, to utter a
few sentiments upon this resolution, and I regret
to see that the question has taken somewhat of a
geographical character. Now, sir, I think this
condition of things is to be deprecated. I come
from the latitude of 420 30', and had I sufficient
standing and influence here to make myself apeace-
maker, I should hope that the little I may have to
Bay would not be without influence, ahd that the
humble sentiments I express would not fall to the
ground without any effect whatever.
I can say to my brethren from the South, that
they need have no fear of me. There are circles
at home, limited, it is true, in which I am regarded
as sufficiently a Southern man; and if this be suffi-
cient to regard me a constitutional man, I glory in
the estimate put upon me where 1 live. But, Mr.
Chairman, to return to the resolution itself: it seems
to me that those gentlemen who have opposed this
resolution have opposed it without cause. I speak
with great respect of those who have opposed the
resolution. I refer to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] and the gentleman from Worth Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly;] and I can say most heartily that
anything that should fall from the lips of those
gentlemen would be entitled to great consideration
from me. But, Mr. Chairman, are not their con-
clusions badly drawnfromtheproposition? They
seem to suppose that if this proposition passes it
is an indorsement of the doctrines which have been
so zealously and pointedly set forth by the distin-
guished Hungarian.
Mr. Chairman, I think these conclusions are
unwarranted. It has often been said thattheonly
purpose of this resolution is a mere compliment to
the distinguished hero of Hungary.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK. I must say I am taken by sur-
prise.
Mr. BELL. I had no desire to take up the time
of the committee by remarks upon this subject;
but as it has become fashionable for every member
to either offer or oppose some amendment, for the
purpose of submitting his views upon the matter
at issue, I rise to protest, to some extent, against
what I understood to be given as the opinion and
feelings of the free and independent citizens of
Ohio, by one o"f my colleagues. I refer, Mr.
Chairman, to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] who spoke on a former day, under the half
hour rule. When he was inquired of to know
how far we may go with propriety, as a nation,
upon the subject of intervention, he was not, if I
understood him, free to say that he was in favor
of the policy which we have recognized since our
national existence—that policy of non-interven-
tion, recommended to us by the Fatherof our coun-
try, and practised by all the Presidents of this
Republic, from that day to this.
The correctness of the policy of non-intervention
with the governments of Europe, is imbodied deep
in the hearts and affections of the people of Ohio.
I undertake, Mr. Chairman, as one of the repre-
sentatives from that State to say, that the people
of Ohio have no desire to change that policy.
But, while I am free to declare their true adherence
to the former and present wise policy of our Gov-
ernment, on the subject of foreign intervention,
I do not believe that the people of Ohio, or of any
considerable proportion of our common country,
wish by the action of this House, to proclaim to
all nations of the world, that they may exercise
the iron rule of tyranny against those who are
struggling to be free as we are, and there shall be
no arm to interfere or succor the oppressed. I
had prepared, and would have offered, had it been
in order under this proposition, an amendment to
the original resolution, providing that nothing in
the aforesaid resolution should be considered as
committing this Government in favor of, or against
foreign intervention. That is the ground upon
which we should stand.
I heard my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] in his ingenious manner, refer to other
subjects, which I hope will not be connected with
this resolution or debate. Does he suppose his
friends from the South can be driven from their
support of this measure by such a course ? I ask
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
if he expects to drive these men from the support
191
of this resolution by the shallow pretext of its re-
ceiving support from some of the Abolitionists?
, does * think he is mistaken.
The compromise measures of last session have
also been referred to. Sir, I do not desire to disturb
those measures, now that they have been adopted;
not because I approve of ail the principles embraced
in those measures—for some I ao not approve—but
because they were passed and adopted as a com-
promise; and 1 assure my friend from North Car-
olina [Mr. Stanly] I intend for one to live up to
the spirit of those measures; but at the same time
I pledge him and his associates further, being one
of the representatives of a free State with a free
constitution, that I will not permit the enemies of
the abolition cause, here or elsewhere, (because the
name may be obnoxious to some,) to connect that
with this matter, to interfere with or prevent my
expression of sympathy for the oppressed and the
great principles of human freedom, of which Louis
Kossuth in the Old World has been the exponent,
and the man whom we have welcomed to the peo-
ple of the nation, and assented to by their appro-
bation <5f the sentiments contained in the Presi-
dent's message. The voice of this nation has
spoken. You have invited Kossuth to your doors.
Will you invite a guest to your table, and not set
him a chair ? Is that the courtesy we are to extend
to him? I hope not.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Clark]
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, and it was rejected.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
mau I offer the following amendment to the amend-
ment, viz:
That in the opinion of this House the armed intervention
of one Power la the affairs of another, is a violation of the
public law of the world, and a war upon the rights of na-
tions.
Mr. F. Mr. Chairman, I have forborne hereto-
fore from taking any part in this discussion, with
the hope that the majority of this House would suc-
ceed in securing that final action upon the original
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] which appeared to meet with the wishes
and approbation of a majority of this body; but,
sir, as that seems to be impossible, and as the op-
portunity is now afforded for all to express their
opinions and views upon this question, I avail
myself of it.
I was surprised that there should be any differ-
ence of opinion with regard to the propriety of
that resolution. It seemed to me, that it should
have met at once the unanimous approbation of
every member of this House; that it was but the
natural consequence of what we had already done;
that it was simply, as has already been stated, an
act of courtesy, merely decent behavior, upon
our part, in consideration of what had previously
been done. Why, sir, who intervened to prevent
the surrender of this illustrious stranger to the
power of Austria? Who intervened to secure his
liberation? Who brought him here? Upon whose
invitation is lie here ? And now that he is knock-
ing at our doors, shall we throw them open, or
close them in his face? It is, to be sure, sir, an
expression of opinion in favor of the Hungarian
revolution. I regard it as such.
It has been well said, by one of the most gifted
orators of this country, "that, although the
* whirlwind has its power, and the lightning its
' power, and the earthquake its power, yet public
( opinion is stronger and mightier than them all."
And it is to a Yerygreatextent thepublic opinion of
this country in behalf of free institutions and pop-
ular rights, which is now operating, and shaping,
and moulding public opinion abroad. That the
uprising will come which is now predicted, I ver-
ily believe; and that Italy and Germany, Poland
and Hungary, and even Ireland, will yet success-
fully maintain their independence, I fervently
hope—for, although the head of Emmet has rolled
from the block; although O'Brien, and Mitchell,
and O'Meagher, have been doomed to transporta-
tion, yet the spiiit of liberty is still there, and as
long as there remains a heart to throb, or a hand
to strike, there is hope for their deliverance.
The spirit of liberty has been well compared to
volcanic fires, which cannot be quenched, and
which, though mountains may press it down, and
oceans overwhelm it, will sooner or later burst
forth and flame up to heaven. I trust the time
will come quickly when all these oppressed na-
tions may successfully wage war upon their op-
pressors  and when the chains which have been
forged for them will be burst asunder, and break
the heads of their oppressors—when men will be
free to act as God has made them free to tiiink. I
believe that time is coming; but whether it be the -
policy for this country now, forcibly to interfere,
is a very grave proposition, and one which I very
much question.
At home, on our own soil, in our own defence,
we can resist the world. The experiment of a
foreign war, on a foreign soil, requires sober con-
sideration. Our mission is one of pc(tce~-—our set-
tied policy has been " friendly relations with all,
entangling alliances with none." It is true, we
live in an extraordinary age. Ancient usages and
established policy are yielding to the force of new
opinions. Our position, too, is marked and pecu-
liar, We are the free State among the nations.
Our history, mixed population, and commercial
relations make us interested .observers of what is
transpiring in Europe; and while we 'are watching
the effect of our opinions and our example upon
the continental Powers, is it not proper for us to
declare ourselves in favor of popular rights and
constitutional liberty? It becomes us as a nation
to assert that we are in favor of our own institu-
tions, and that we recognize the right of every
people to frame and adopt their own form of gov-
ernment, and that we regard any foreign interfer-
ence as an infraction of the law of nations, and at
war with the rights of humanity.
Mr. MANN. I do not rise, Mr. Chairman, to
utter any warm or passionate words. I wish only
to bring the committee to a calm consideration of
the circumstances in which we have placed our-
selves. The relation in which we stand to Gov-
ernor Kossuth, was not sought by himself but by
us. This Government took the initiative... The
Secretary of State, by command of the President,
first addressed a communication to our Minister at
Constantinople, in behalf of this fugitive from
Austrian oppression. This step was followed by
the, action of the Government, tendering the ser-
vices of a national vessel to bring him to our
shores. He accepted the offer, placed himself
under the protection of the American flag, and
from that time was the nation's guest. The Pres-
ident, in his last annual message, referred to the
subject anew, spoke complacently of what had
been done, and commended the subject of further
demonstrations in behalf of this victim flying from
oppression, to the consideration of Congress. In
both Houses, Congress acted promptly upon the
subject. A joint resolution was passed, extend-
ing to him a " welcome,"—a sincere one, as was
believed,—and this resolution was signed by the
President, and officially communicated to Gover-
nor Kossuth. He accepted our salutation,and, as
in duty bound, has come here to make fitting ac-
knowledgments. And here we all know he is.
He waits only to have the etiquette of his intro-
duction arranged. The President has received
him. The Senate has fixed upon the day for a
formal reception. But the House demurs. While
he stands at our door, we compel him to overhear
a wrangle within the House, whether he shall ba
received in pursuance of the invitation given, or
driven rudely away.
And why this revocation of our " welcome,"
and this breach of decorum? So far as I have
heard, for no reason except that he is understood
to entertain some notions in regard to a breach
of the " law of nature and of nature's.God" re-
specting the intervention of one nation in the
affairs of another to put down its liberties. He
says that when a people has broken loose from
the oppressor, a third party ought not to come in
and bind the chains anew. But m the first place,
is this sentiment so flagitious that we cannot bear
to hear it? and, in the second place, where has it
been utteredHe has advanced it only in circles
of his friends where he has been invited to speak.
He has, as yet, made no request of the Govern,
ment of the United States to act upon this prinei-s
pie. When he makes such a request of us, it will
be time enough to refuse him. Nay, I go further,
and say, if we fear that he will make such a re-
quest of the responsible head of this Government,
and we are unwilling to trust t-hat head to answer
it, let us instruct the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to bring in a lesolution defining or denying
the duty of this Government to interpose against
