1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1108
that they have made large additions of their awn !
to the stock on hand; and that, when they come j
to transmit the inheritance, it will be sadly mcum- 1
bered. i
1 know the difficulty surrounding the whole sub-
ject, and I fee! that more allowances should be !
made for errors in applying a system to a new j
country, than in administering' it to an old one. j
In short, my opinion is that 'Uhe times are out of ;
joint;" and,I do not feel quite sure that these gen-
tlemen " were born to set them right."
Mr. <3-WIN. I wish to say something to the
Senate in reference to some of the remarks which
have been made by the Senator from "Virginia,
but as it is a matter of importance that we should
have an Executive session,! move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed till to-mor-
row, in order that the Senate may proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish the gentleman j
would withdraw the motion, to allow me to ask a
question of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not read the bill,
but I wish to know from the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether he proposes any remedy to obviate ■
the abuses, and to repeal the obnoxious laws of
which he has spoken?
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky, that it is my design to try the j
sense of the Senate by an amendment on that |
question. Some of these things did not come to \
my knowledge until after the bill was reported.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should like to make
a few remarks, if they would not interfere with !
the Executive session asked for by the Senator
from California. I shall conclude directly, so that
he can take the floor and occupy it when the bill
comes up in the morning. I asked the chairman
of the committee whether there were any propo-
sitions in this bill to remedy the evils of which he
complains, and he tells me there are not; but with
that quickness which belongs to him, foreseeing,
I suppose, that the attack upon the Administra-
tion was altogether misplaced, unless there was a
proposition pending to remedy the* evils of which j
lie complains, he notifies me that he intends, before
we get through the bill, to offer amendments for j
the put pose of meeting the objections which he has |
pointed out. j
The tenor of the remark which he has made
has been to place the fault upon the Administra-
tion, in many respects, when the fault, as I con-
ceive, belongs to Congress. Where did that sys-
tem of abuse, of which he has complained, in
respect to the inefficiency of the clerical corps of '
the Department originate? I admit that it exists, j
But it originated m that system of removals from I
office which had its origin in an Administration, j
which we all know ought to be charged with it. |
The system has been continued. The system
exists; and if it does continue, it will, in my hum- |
ble opinion, render totally inefficient the opera- j
tions of the Government here. Who can rely ;
upon holding a clerical office in any of the Depart-
ments? The man that gets an office, expects, j
upon a change of Administration, to lose his 1
office. What incentive has he to qualify himself'
for the station ? What motive has he to be faith-
ful to the country? What hope can he have of'
advancing himself by promotion? What chance ,
of promotion ahead is thereto stimulate him to do 1
his duty? None whatever. As for the gentle-
man's complaints m respect to the system of an
inefficient clerical corps here, he must attribute it
to the party with which he is identified—with
which he associates—and not to the party now in :
power in the Executive branch of the Govern-
ment. Sir, all my life, I have been for reforming j
these abuses. All my life I have been against 1
this system of things; and I commend to the j
country theremaiksof the honorable gentleman ;
when he says that he is in faver of a system of :
things which shall hold out some hope of promo- ,
tion to the individuals who are thus employed in |
the performance of clerical duties m the Depart- ■
ments here. Let them be put upon the footing of ,
the Army and Navy. I will go lor that. He 'j
will find me standing at his back, when he brings ;
forward a system by which something like se- ,
curity, permanence, and promotion shall be held |
out to these individuals, to stimulate them to do
their duty. Sir, if there be an object upon the
face of the Almighty's earth deserving of sym-
pathy, it is the condition of a poor clerk, with a
wife and starving children, which administration
after administration has deprived of office, with-
out any fault on his part, and turned upon the
vvoild to starve. I know of instances of tins sort.
I know of Democratic instances of this sort that
have been made victims to Whig administrations.
This state of things is not confined to Whigs
alone. Sir, I know of individuals acting with the
Democratic party, who have received this treat-
ment; though many more on the other side have
received it, from those to whom I am politically
opposed. It is a system every way warring against
the public interests, and which oughtto be broken
up; and the man who can do it, be he of what
party he may, will deserve the thanks of the
country for accomplishing it.
The gentleman speaks of the condition of the
Departments; but who is to blame for that? Time
and again, session after session, year after year, i
have occasionally got up and suggested the pro-
priety of appointing committees to go and inspect
these Departments, and see how then* business is
conducted, and to inform the country how it is
carried on, and what is the condition of the various
bureaus. I have not even got one respectful list-
enei to a proposition of that soit, much less ha\e
I been able to find an individual willing to cooper-
ate in such a scheme. Never has a response been
made on the part of a member of this body or of
the other House, so far as 1 know, to institute
these examining committees, which every State
Legislature in this Union is m the habit of appoint-
ing in relation to the administrations of the various
States. It is no wonder, then, that we should hear
complaints as to our total ignorance of the manner
in which the public business is conducted in the
Departments. You will nut examine, you will
not take the steps necessary to get that informa-
tion, either for yourselves or for the country; and
then, when you do not do it, you speak of your
total ignorance of what has been going on in the
Departments, and the bad manner in which they
conduct their business.
A word, now, in regard to some of the abuses
which are alleged to exist. A year or two ago, I
proposed a plan by which we should endeavor to
arrive at them. It was to get annual leports of
the prices of labor, of the prices of every kind of
agricultural produce, and to get this information at
every part of the country. I submitted a series of
resolutions, to get all that information expressly
with a view to enable us to form some idea, when
the Departments reported, as to the contracts for
supplies for forage and subsistence, &c., whether
they had exceeded that reasonable economy m the
management of the public aifairs which an indi-
vidual would observe in conducting his own busi-
ness. Yet, a celebrated gentleman, on the oppo-
site side, when such resolutions were brought up
for consideration some years ago—the late Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Benton]—endeavored to
convert tlie whole proposition into ridicule;and so
far succeeded that nobody thought of adopting it.
The inefficiency of this body and the other House,
in taking the necessary steps to watch over every
Administration, is the great fault why the public
business is not better managed.
Now, in reference to these abuses which are
complained of, can the gentleman tell me how |
much cheaper any given amount of work could [
have been performed by the quartermaster's de- j
partment than it has been performed for: You j
cannot tell whether thete has been an abuse; you |
cannot tell whether the quartermaster's depart- ;
ment has paid more than it ought to have paid for !
any given article, unless you can tell me the prices |
at which the article had been furnished, and the 1
cost of transportation to the place where it was ,
wanted. How can you get up and make a gen- ,
eral denunciation in reference to the abuses of any j
of these departments, unless you md specify the !
prices and show the difference between what the ;
thing could have been furnished for and what it |
wasturnished at? There is no possibility of tell-
ing whether there has been extravagance or not. ;
You require a given amount of service; you say
that so many lutions shall be placed at a given
point in California, for instance. You say this
thing, that thing, and the other shall be done.
Of course, you include the means of doing it. Then ,
you can only tell whether the Executive Depart- (
ment has performed the duty in a proper manner, j
and at a proper price, when you are furnished the
data on which the contracts were made. Now, is
it right to indulge in denunciation without having
that data? Can anythingof that sort be tolerated?
Give us the data. Show the thing which the law
required to be done. Show the thing which the
public service required ,to be done. Show the
price at which it was done, and then show, by
satisfactory evidence, how much less it could have
beendonefor. When all this information is given,
we can see whether it has been done properly,
correctly, and economically.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Virginia, I
believe, suggested the idea of starving the Indians,
to prevent them from multiplying, in order to save
expense.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, that idea has
been suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I have advanced no such
idea. I said it would be better to employ them
in work, than to feed them in idleness. 1 did not
say that they would starve by being employed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 was about to borrow
the idea; but if the gentleman dischums u, of
course, 1 will not do so. 1 believe I will not follow
out the tram of remark which, perhaps, I might
indulge in, and which it might be well enough for
me to indulge in. But these remarks can be sug-
gested when the honorable Senator from Virginia
shall offer the amendments which he contemplates
to offer, and which I am glad that he intends to
offer. 1 shall most assuredly vote for everything
that shall tend to put proper restrictions upon every
Administration. I hold to the doctrine of specific
appropriations; and if the Departments aie in the
habit of committing abuses, by transferringappro-
pnations, or in any other way, so as to cover up
the facts, t shall, most assuredly, vote for that
remedy which will make them exhibit the facts,
and enable us, by looking, if we wjl] look, into
the accounts kept at the Departments* to ascertain
what are the facts. 1 think that all these appro-
priations, after a given time—and you may shorten
it, if it is not short enough already—which go
into the surplus fund, ought to constitute apait of
the mass in the Treasury, subject to specific ap-
propriations; and that the discretion of the Depart-
ments ought to be taken from them after a given
length of time. Some little latitude must be al-
lowed to all Administrations. You cannot get
along by exactrules without some little discretion.
The public service will require some discretion
to be lodged m the Departments. But I am for
allowing as little discretion as possible, in refer-
ence to money and its appropriation for specific
objects. If the system is found to work well, I
regret that those who are charged with the financial
concerns of the country—those committees of the'
two Houses of Congress, whose business it is to
look into that subject, (and it has never been mine—:
and 1 have sometimes been sorry that it has not
been,) should not have corrected those laws which
admit of the abuses of which the Senator from
Virginia has complained.
Mr, PRATT. It was at my suggestion, made
in a laughing manner, that the Senator from Ken-
tucky referred to the Indians. Now I understood
the Senator from Virginia distinctly to say, that if
the United States continued to furnish the Indians
with bread, they would multiply faster than the
whites, and consequently would occasion trouble
and expense to the Government. That was his
argument. So, of course, the sequitur from it is,
beyond all doubt, correct, that the better plan
would be to starve them, or, still better, peihaps,
shoot them, and get rid of them m this way.
Mr. HUNTER. What I said was, that cer-
tainly it would be better to employ them in work
than to feed them in idleness.
Mr. PR ATT. Perhaps that was what the Sen-
ator meant to say.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that we are
under obligations to feed everybody who is hun-
gry. I do not know that any obligation rests
upon us to support all the Indian tribes. 1 am
not aware that this is a part of the obligations that
rest upon us. I did say, that if we aie to support
every idle and wild Indian who rides over the
plain, and give him as much as he wants, and then
pay to keep the peace for him, and prevent any
man killing him, the Indians would probably in-
crease at tins rate faster than the white men who
are to support them. The difference between the
