1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
not other wi?e appropriated ; thesame to be expended under
the superintendence of the Secretary of Wai.
That, for the improvement of the navigation of tlte Ar-
kansas river, hv the removal of sna<*s and other obstructions
in the natural channel of said liver, ami for the building of
a sna«-boat, with necessaiy machinery and appurtenances
suitable to that puipose, the sum of .-$75,000 be and thesame
is hereby appropriated out ot any 'money in the Tieasury
not othei wise appiopriated ; the s«ame to be expended under
the superintendence of the Secretary of War.
That, tor the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
nvei between Pittsburg and the Fall" at Louisville, by the
removal of snag^and othei obdrnctionsrin the natuiai chan-
nel of said liver, and for the buildm? of a snag boat, with
the necessary machinery and appurtenances suitable to that
puipo.se, the suui of $100,'K)) be and the same is hereby ap-
probated out of any money in the Treasury not other wise
appropriated; the same to be expended under the superin-
tendence of the Secretary ot War.
That, for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
river, below the Falls at Louisville, and the Mississippi
river, by the removal of snails and oilier obstructions m the
natural channels of said rivers, and for the building of
sna^-boats with necessary machinery and appiutenances
suitable to that purpose, the sum of $200,0011 be and thesame
is hereby appropriated "out of any money in the Tieasuiy
not otherwi.-c appropnated ; the same to be expended tinder
the superintendence of the Secretary of War.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to rule this amendment out of order, on the
ground that the propositions are identical with
various bills pending before the House; and hence,
under the rule, they are not in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I will modify the
amendment by reducing the sum named in each
proposition, five dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. My object in offering the
amendment is to test the sincerity of gentlemen of
this committee who pretend to hove such a holy
regard for the great West, and who desire to have
a bill pass through for its benefit. Now, the Com-
mittee on R >mlx and Canals have had all these
matters referred to them by a vote of this House,
and they have had them under serious considera-
tion, and have authorized the reporting of five dif-
ferent bills, which are embraced substantially in
the amendment I have had the honor to offer.
They appropriate a specified amount for each one
of the great western rivers—for the Mississippi
and its tributaries. They go further, and desig-
nate the manner in which the improvements should
be made—to wit: by the removal of snags and
other obstructions in the natural channel of those
rivers.
If gentlemen are really sincere in desiring ap-
propriations to aid the great West, they will cer-
tainly have no objection in striking out the clause
under consideration, and substituting the one I
have sent to the Chair.
The amendment I propose makes a larger ap-
propriation for these western rivers, by some
$200,000, than the one reported hy the Committee
on Commerce, and it will, therefore, render the
bill so much the more equal in its general charac-
ter than it is now. There were, sir, upon the
Committee on Roads and Canals more than one
or two members, coming from the valley of the
Mississippi, who represented the interests of the
Great West and the people who live there, and
who ought to know something about their inter-
ests; and I ask you, Mr. Chairman, .who, if any,
have a right to be consulted about what they want
in reference to these improvements, and as to how
the money should be expended ? Now, the Com-
mittee on Commerce have lumped the appropria-
tion for the three principal western rivers, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War. Now, every one knows, who knows any-
thing about the western rivers, that when appro-
priations have been made, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, without
any limitation or restriction whatever, that the
judgment of the steamboat captains, pilots, and
river men through the entire West, has been that
the appropriation has been expended so as to do
more harm than good. They are the ones who
possess the proper information. Now, if you will
strike out the section the committee have reported,
and adopt the amendment I have sent to the Chair,
then you will have the money appropriated as
we, who live upon those rivers, and whose inter-
ests are involved, desire it.
I stated, when upon the floor the other dav, in
reference to the clause appropriating $260,000 to
the Mississippi and its tributaries, that it would
be in the power of the Secretary of War to ex-
pend the whole sum upon any one of those rivers,
and at any point upon either, without any restric-
tion whatever. And let me ask, Mr.'Chairman,
in the hands of a corrupt Secretary of War, or
a designing Administration, what could be made
more efficient than the exercise of that discretion
in controlling a presidential election?
If this bill passes as it comes from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, you put it in the power of the
present President, through his Secretary, to ex-
pend the entire sum of $200,000 at any point he
chooses, for the purpose of securing votes in the
pending presidential campaign, am happy to
know, however, that at present they think their
nominee is scaicely worth the candle.) I shall
ask for tellers upon this amendment. I want to
see western men show their hands, and i regret
that we are not in the House, where we could have
the yeas and nays, to show whether they are will-
ing to vote as much money to their own section
of the country as they are for the Atlantic coast.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I stated the
other day to the House the reason why the Com-
mittee on Commerce placed the appropriation for
these western rivers together in one sum as they
have. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rob-
inson,] by the amendment which he has offered,
seeks to separate them, and seeks largely to in-
crease the amount which is to be given to the
western rivers. Now, the reasons stated from
the Topographical Bureau, through the Secretary
of War, to the committee, we judged to be good
ones, and we commend them to the committee. I
will repeat them. Every person who is conver-
sant with the nature of the improvements upon
the western rivers, will perceive that they are of
one character, and that it consists m the construc-
tion of snag-boats and in extracting from the
channels of navigation the snags and other imped-
iments in them. Now, formerly, as the Depart-
ment informed us, they have been accustomed to
have separate appropriations. Each river having
a separate appropriation, of course you were
obliged to construct for each of them separate ap-
paratus, because each one was entitled to the use
of its own funds. Besides that, there has always
been a great difficulty in operating upon those
rivers, from the fact that there would be high water
in one river when it is low in another.
Mr. ROBINSON (interrupting) made a remark
which was inaudible to the Reporter.
Mj\ SEYMOUR. The Department states that
this fund should be thus concentrated and kept
together; and that it will be a more economical
mode of operating by enabling them to transfer
their body of men engaged in this service, as well
as their implements of labor, from one river to an-
other, as may be demanded by the state of the
water, or other circumstances. For these rea-
sons, and for no other, have the committee put
this whole appropriation in one item. We deemed
it best for us to rely upon those men who, for a
long period of years, have been conversant with
these matters—who have the aid of persons of
gi eat experience in the Topographical Corps,
Colonel Long and others, who have had especial
charge of the improvements on the western rivers
—rather than resort to any conjecture upon the
subject. Even if a division of this appropriation
should be decided uuon, we have no data before
us by which we could tell how much to give to
one river or how much to another.
{ There is another reason. This whole appro-
| priation is but for the ensuing fiscal year—I should
, rather say for the present fiscal ye-ir, for we have
! already passed beyond the last of June, when the
! last fiscal year expired. The consequence is, the
1 Department, if this sum shall be voted, will use
this money only for this year, and lor the pur-
poses indicated, m operating upon those rivers ibis
year. The next year they will ask for moie, but
you are first obliged toconstiuct and collect to-
gether your boa's and other implements; and it
is better to have but one set of them than to have
three or four different sets—one upon the Arkan-
sas, one upon the Missouri, one upon the Missis-
sippi, ami another upou the lower Ohio.
I will add, in reference to the gentleman's
amendment, that he has omitted one very import-
ant object. We nave included in our bill for the
Ohio, the Cumberland dam as a specific matter.
It is not contained in the gentleman's amendment.
The queMion being on the amendment,
Mr. ROB1NSOV demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Dean, and Johnson of Ar-
kansas, were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOLONY offered the following amend-
ment:
For the improvement of FHinoiq river, {£>51,000 ; and for
the construction of a breakwater and piers at the port of
Waukegan, Illinois, $15,1)00; also, $31,000 for the Tennes-
see ri ver.
Mr. Chairman, we have been trying for the last
two days to so far improve this very unjust bill
as to make it acceptable to the country, all with-
out success, sir. But, sir, after voting down all
amendments for the Illinois, for harbors of refuge
upon the lakes, for the Tennessee, and other im-
portant tributaries of the Mississippi, as highly
inexpedient, if not unconstitutional, notwithstand-
ing a hundred millions of dollars, and much more,
are demanding these appropriations for its safety,
the committee have just voted $50,000 for James
river, upon which floats annually not $2,000,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order.
Mr. MOLONY. The application I am going
to make, will convince the Chair and the commit-
tee that they are in order.
1 take that vote in behalf of James river as a
good omen, as an indication that this committee
have determined to reconsider their votes, and
yet do justice to the Illinois liver, the Tennessee,
and the commerce of the lakes, by passing the
amendment which 1 have submitted. It cannot
be, sir, that this committee are prepared to place
themselves on the recoid 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
gentleman's remarks to be out of order. They
are not in explanation of his amendment.
Mr. MOLONY. I am coming directly to that
explanation. The Chair will see the order of my
remarks before I get through. 1 repeat, can it be
possible that this committee are prepared to de-
clare an appropriation to James river constitu-
tional and expedient, while the vast commerce of
the Illinois, Tennessee, and the lakes, which
loudly demand 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to talk
about the Tennessee river.
Mr. MOLONY. Thai is apart of the very amend-
ment now pending, I was proceeding to say when
interrupted by the Chair, that the passage of this
amendment was loudly demanded by the wants
of a great commerce fluttering for the want of it,
and that the committee, standing upon the record 1
against it, after voting for the James river appro-
priation, could not vindicate before the country its
character for impartiality and justice; it would be
parallel with the act of the Committee on Com-
merce, who have taken to New York the lion's
share of the appropriation reported by them. The
committee owe it to themselves to reconsider their
votes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order.
Mr. MOLONY. I was going only to add—
andpass this amendment.
Mr. STANLY. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois. If I can get
an opportunity, I shall offer an amendment which
will be decisive as to these amendments.
Mr. MOLONY demanded tellers; which were
not ordeied.
The question was then put, and the amendment
of Mr. Molony was disagreed to.
Mr. B1SSELL. I submit for the consideration
of the committee the following amendment:
For the improvement of the Hudson river, above its
hijhebt naviuabic point, $50,000; and, for the improvement
of the Illinois river, $2i)0.
Mr. Chairman, 1 still think that in a bill of this
sort something ought to be appropriated for the im-
: provementof the navigation of the Illinois river.
I Of course I must admit, in deference to the com-
: mittee who reported this bill, that that river is of
1 very insignificant importance, compared with the
* other rivers, which that committee has so amply
j provided for. By itself it may be entitled to no con-
i sideration whatever, in the opinion of those gen-
tlemen. With a view, therefore, to entitle the f 111-
nois to the sum of ^>200, 1 have coupled the prop-
osition with one for an additional appropriation of
$50,000 for the Hudson. This, 1 hope, may ren-
j der my amendment acceptable to the committee
! who have this bill in their especial charge. But,
| as the committee, in getting up the bill, have taken
