1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
care to provide in advance for the Hudson, to the
extent of $50,000, which is deemed sufficient for
all the navigable portion of that river, the ad-
ditional $50,000 now asked for is proposed to be
expended exclusively above the highest navigable
pDint. [Laughter.] Now, I do hope that this
very liberal proposition will secure to my amend-
ment the favorable consideration of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and especially of its able chair-
man ; and that thus we may obtain for the Illinois
river the $200 prayed for. [Renewed laughter.]
I admit that, compared with the Hudson, the Illi-
nois river, although occupying a precisely similar
commercial position, is a very insignificant stream.
And so the Committee on Commerce have evident-
ly regarded it. I do well remember, from my early
reading, that when the renowned Dutch navigator,
old Hendrick Hudson, first entered, and sailed or
floated up the river, which properly bears his
name, he supposed he had discovered, what so
many have sought in vain for since, the northwest
passage to China: and he took an extra drink of
schnaps on account of it. [Laughter.] I presume,
from the high appreciation in which the Commit-
tee on Commerce seem to hold that river, and the
partiality evinced for it, over all other rivers, espe-
cially of the West, that they have adopted the
views of the honest Dutch navigator concerning
it; though it does seem as though my friend, the
honorable chairman of that committee [Mr. Sey-
mour] had lived long enough on the banks of the
Hudson to have learned that the importance which
its discoverer attached to the stream was alto-
gether imaginary. [Laughter.]
A Voice. Was it the committee that took an
extra drink ?
Mr. BISSELL. No; it was the discoverer of
the Hudson that took the extra drink. The com-
mittee have merely taken an extra share of the
appropriations provided for in their bill.
Seriously, Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to
show, on previous occasions, that the Illinois river
was entitled to a place in this or any similar bill
which may come up for the consideration of Con-
gress. It constitutes, as I have before said, an
important link in the chain connecting the lakes
with the Atlantic ocean on the west, being con-
nected with the lakes by a most excellent and
costly canal. I have likened it to the Hudson,
which, in a similar manner, is connected with the
lakes by a similar canal. The commerce upon it
is immense, and rapidly increasing in magnitude
and importance. For want of improvement, its
navigation is rendered difficult, and is almost
wholly obstructed at certain seasons of the year.
The Government has never yet expended a dollar
on that great river, while others of scarcely as
much importance) though with different geograph-
ical situations, have been improved year by year
with money taken from our National Treasury.
1 have before called the attention of the House to
the fact, that the bill which passed this body during
the last Congress contained an appropriation of
$50,000 for this river, and that in framing this bill i
the Committee on Commerce have coolly rejected |
that item without giving us a why or a wherefore. 1
As an Tliinoisian, feeling a deep interest in the wel- '
fare of my State, and as a lover of justice in the
abstract, 1 shall feel constrained to withhold my '
support from tins hill in its present shape. Nor!
do I see how any western man, in view of its 1
gross inequality, can vote for the bill in the ab- !
sence of those modifications which a due regard |
to the commerce of the great West demands. ;
Mr. SAVAGE. I am opposed to the gentle- '
man's amendment. I think that his State has had !
enough in the way of public land, without appro- j
priating her public money. i
Mr. BISSELL. If that be the ground upon |
which an appropriation is refused for the Illinois :
river—and it has been so intimated by gentlemen
before, when speaking in favor of the bill—I am '
glad to hear it announced, and wish it to be under- ;
stood. We of the new States, where these lands !
He, and where we are struggling to make improve- '
ments, want no better ground to justify our oppo- f
sition to the bill. We never dreamed of paying .
in this way for those lands. 1
Mr, SAVAGE. I was opposed to the appro- I
priation of public land which was made to his
State; and I am opposed now to the appropriation
of the public money. More especially have I a !
right to complain when I have witnessed appro- 1|
priations of every kind for the improvement of the ji
waters touching the State of Tennessee refused.
The State of Illinois, which has received such
liberal grants of the public land, is the last State
which 1 supposed would have asked for an ap-
propriation of the public money. I am not only
opposed to appropriations for Illinois, but to ap-
propriations for any of these States. I belong to
that class of politicians who are opposed to a gen-
eral system of internal improvements; but while
strongly opposed to a general, I am much more
hostile to a partial, unjust, and iniquitous system
like that which is endeavored to be fixed upon the
country by the present bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
discuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. SAVAGE. I did not rise to make special
objection to the gentleman's appropriation. I think
his State has as much right to the public money
as the Stale of New York. It has had liberal ap-
propriations of the public land, but my State has
had neither money nor land from the Government;
and I could not well see other States receiving ap-
propriations of land and money without objecting
Mr. DEAN. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
And the further sum of #50,000 is hereby appiopriafed to
lemove obstructions from every stream w^t of the Al-
legany mountains which is navjgabie twenty-five miles
Inr-scows ; and the furthei niim of ;if25,0J0 to make eacli
place that is now damp a propel receptacle for water; and
the like sum to Professor tispy for tarnishing, by scientific
meanrf, a sufficient supply of water for the same.
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit that the amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hardly feels
itself authorized to rule it out of order.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Bissell] has offered an amendment which is
not complete within itself. He moves the appro-
priation of §50,000 for the improvement of the
Hudson river above its navigable point. No man
from New York—no man in this committee who
is interested in the navigation of this river, or the
general commerce of the country, has asked for
such an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order.
Mr. DEAN. I am speaking to my amendment.
It is necessary, m order to perfect the amendment
of thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] that
I should offer this amendment. If the Hudson
| river is to be improved above tide-water, and
| above the place where it is navigable, the streams
i west of the Allegany should be improved in the
! same manner. And the only way we can im-
I prove those rivers is to furnish them with water.
| That is all they want. They have not water
i enough; but there is a good place for a river all
! along there anywhere, if yon can only furnish the
! proper quantify of water. Professor Espy says
| that he can do it. [Laughter.] I say'that the
| amendment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bissell] is perfected by the amendment I now
offer. I hope that my amendment will be adopted
and voted for by those gentlemen who are in favor
of the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. I think that amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] is in perfect keeping with this hill, with the
action of this committee, and with this whole de-
bate. He proposes that we shall be furnished
with water. I think the best supply for absence
of water is wind, and we need not go far, not fur-
ther than the gentleman himself, to find the ma-
chine by which we could be supplied with wind
for almost any commercial and manufacturing pur-
pose which we need in that western country.
[Laughter ]
I think it ill becomes a gentleman from an east-
ern State to offer such an amendment as this.
When the State from which he comes has had
improvements made out of the General Treasury
these m.-uiy yenrs, and when the commerce of his
State has been created ond is now maintained by
the West—when its wealth has been built up from
the hard earnings of these western and northwest-
ern States, it ill becomes him to stand up in this
House and attempt to cast ridicule upon the coun-
try which has made his own. He may well boast ■
of the improvements of his State, of her wealth, 1
of her peculiar position as the great thoroughfare !
for our commerce which has enriched her; but it !
seems to me that it is not very generous for him I
to ridicule our honest though humble efforts to !
improve the channels of our commerce. We have
grown up by our own exertions; by our own exer
tions we shall continue to grow, and prosper, and
wax great, until the heart of this country will be
in the western valley. You ask us not only to
supportyourcommerce,makeyourimprovements,
but you levy taxes upon us for the purpose of
building up your manufactures; and when we come
here and ask that an humble mite may be granted us
out of the Public Treasury for works of general
importance, a Treasury which we supply by an
unjust, unequal, and partial system of taxation,
arranged for your benefit, we are to be met with
scorn, 'and taunts, and ridicule, when you have
been draining that same Treasury for years and
years. Others from the West may submit to it,
but I, for one, will not.
Talk about our want of water! Why, U is the
commerce that floats upon our western waters,
that has filled the coffers of the State of New
York, and the New England States. Our want
of water! It is upon the bosom of our western
waters that the productions of your manufacto-
ries which have been built up by the pnrtial exer-
cise of the powers of this Government, find a way
to market, and that you have become rich, and
have grown proud and insolent, as you show here
upon this floor and elsewhere.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. COBB. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
Fortho improvement of the Coosa liver, above Greene
port, in the State of Alabama, and below Rome, in the State
of Georgia, $-20,000.
I will make no speech upon it. The amendment
speaks for itself.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb1*
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bis-
sell's amendment, and it was not agreed io.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the original clause:
Sixty thousand dollars of the same to be expended m tin-*
impiovement of the Ohio above the Faiis at Louisville.
The committee will perceive that I do not pro-
pose in this amendment to make an appropriation
of a single dollar more than is in the bill. In the
present reading of the House bill, it strikes me
that the whole amount will be expended below the
Falls. Sixty thousand dollars is the amount esti-
mated for above the Falls, and I ask only that
the reading of the bill shall be changed, so that
this amount shall be expended above the Falls.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hunter's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the nnpsovemeul of the Tennessee river above the
Muscle Shoak, P100J100, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
This amendment differs somewhat from those
heretofore offered and rejected by the committee.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] pro-
posed an amendment for this river, to be expei.ded
in part above, and in part below, the Muscle
Shoals. I -am not sure whether the amount to
be expended above the Muscle Shoals, was the
same as proposed in my amendment. My col-
league [Mr. Church well] offered an amendment
for the improvement of the Tennessee and its trib-
utaries. This amendment, proposes simply to im-
prove the Tennessee river above the Muscle
Shoals. I do not care about saying much in its
favor. It speaks for itself. It ought to speak for
itself, and if the members of this Congress had
looked to the geography of that country, its com-
mercial wants, and the military necessities to be
subserved by this proposition for an appropriation
to that stream, there would be no need for ur in"
it upon their favorable consideration. I do not
believe that there is a single item in this bill, of all
the various^ improvements proposed to be made
by it, that is so important as this. The immense
system of railroad improvements in the southern
Atlantic States connect with the Tennessee river
at Chattanooga. The Tennessee river is the con-
necting link between that point and the vast valley
°f. ,t!le Mississippi. It is over that river that
Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Iowa, and
Minnesota will have to transport their productions
to the markets which the southeastern Atlantic
otates furnish; and it is over the same channel of
communication in time of war, when your south-
