1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
F©r the improvement of the harbor at Newark, NewJer-
sey, emhiaeing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills, west-
ward of" the mouth of the bay, $15,000.
For the removal of ol>*-mieuons to the navigation of the
Hudson river, above and below Albany, $75,0JO.
For the lemond of the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. Clair river, connecting the upper and lower lakes,
$40,000.
For the imrfrovement ofthe Ohio river above the Falls at
Louisville, $80,000.
For the improvement of the navigation of the Cumberland
river, $30,000.
For the Illinois and Tennessee rivers, .$50,000 each.
- For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, m the Ohio rivei. ,^0,000.
Foi the improvement of the harbor at Stanford, Connec-
ticut, $5,COO.
Foi the improvement of the harbor at Manitouwoc, in the
State of Wisconsin, $10,000.
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids ol'the
Mississippi xivei, $50,000.
For the farther improvement of the Ilnrlqate channel,
and Harlem liver, m Now York harbor, $30,000.
For the improvement of live haibor at the mouth of Sag-
inaw nver, m Saginaw Bav, on Lake Iluion, $10,000.
For the improvement and Unther survey ofthe haibor at
the nimrJi of Clinton river, on Lake Bt. Clair, m the State
of Michie.m, #10,000.
For the'impiovement ol the harbor at FultneyviMe, in the
State of Now York, on Lake Ontario, .^10,000.
Foi the improvement ofthe harbor at tiie mouth of Black
river, m the State of Michigan, $'10,000.
Fo: a sutvey of the harbor at Beaufort, Noith Carolina,
with an estimate ofthe co<r and advantages *o said harbor,
of oonnecftnir the river Neu^e therewith, S'2,f/00.
For the Mirvey ofthe IVIissts^![ pi river wove the Falls of
St. Anthony, tor the purpose of ascertaining what improve-
ments (aud'the expense thereof) can be made m the navi-
gation at Sfiuko and IY«: iapt<|<, St nOOl).
Foi Miiveynm the entrance to Taunton haibor, Massa-
chusetts, £1,500.
For the mmrovement of the harbor at Richmond city,
Virginia, and the James rivei from said harbor to the mouth
of said nvi'i, and from the junction of baid river with the
Appomattox river, to the city of Petersburg, $60,000.
For the construction of sna? and dredge boats, and dis-
clmiguiff^cows, foi the removal of obatiuetions in the hai-
hnrs on the co;ir>t of Texas, .^."0.000.
For removm- tiie ob.-tructions m the Rio Grande uver,
Texas, ,x3.>.'-00.
For tb  eoiv-truction of sna«-bo:it*, dredge-boats, and
dischamuiL'-^cows, to be, iwd on the Mi^i-^sippj, Ohio,
Missouri, Arkansas, nndo'hei western watei-*, >$100,000.
Foi a hill vi'v of tho bai ami other obstructions at or near
the month ol' th° e.wr b>-anch ol P.-wa^oiila river, in the
State ol'.Mi.^swsippi, .^2,000.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage, by that body, of the fol-
lowing- bill*
A ln!l for the relief of the legal representatives
of James C. Watson, of Georgia.]
Mr. A.SHK. Is it in order to oiler an amend-
ment, to n  amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. ASHE. I ofler the following:
Foi tin* impi'iveiwnt ofthe month of tlic Cape Fear
river, at the main bar, £-.20,000.
Mr. Chairman, I deferred offering this amend-
ment to the original bill reported by the Committee
on Commerce, until, by the action of the House,
the appropriate occasion .should occur for me to
offer it; but as the substitute ottered by my col-
league [Mr. Stanly] will, if adopted, cut me off
from nny other opportunity, I must now do U.
The Committee on Commerce has been liberal in
us appropriation.';: to North Carolina, and for that
reason f fV-d much reluctance to inter/ei e m the
detail of their report; but the urgent condition of
the onirtinpiv >| iMfere^t. of my section leaves me
no os.t'on. '■ \"<> of (he largest towns in North
Carolina are Mtunted on this river. The State, in
thelast six oi kpv«mi ve.irs, has most generously ap-
propriated 000,000 towards their improvement.
This action of t'u .State was met in a proper spirit
by the people. Kriterpusmg, active, and ener-
getic, they hove done their utmost to forward their
own pinspenty. The result of their conduct is
strikingly manifested in the altered condition of the
town of Wilmington itself. In the last ten years
they have much more than doubled their popula-
tion, and added fourfold to tiie amount of theirreal
and personal property. The foreign tonnage of
the port has increased from 8,000 to 523,000. They
are, in fact, surrounded with all the inciting- ele-
ments of great "prosperity; but their prospect is
not cloudless. To their great terror and dismay
they find for the last five years the principal inlet
of the harbor, known as the Main Pass, has been
filling up in a most astounding- manner. Five
ye.'i-s ago, vessels drawing fifteen feet water could
come in and out; but now vessels drawing only
eight or nine feet, are debarred from entering.
This disastrous filling up of the inlet has been
occasioned, as thev believe, and as a delegation
composed of merchants of the highest respecta-
bility stated before the committee, by the oper-
ations of the Government works. Very soon
after the erection of Fort Caswell, the military
department discovered its foundation was being
completely washed away by the channel of the
river.. In order to prevent this, three or four jet-
ties were run out from the main land into the
channel. These jetties have indeed protected, as
intended,the fort, but asa necessary consequence,
have filled up the channel. This is the actual state
of the case, and I most earnestly ask the commit-
tee, then, if this case is not entirely analogous to the
case of Savannah, represented by my honorable
friend, [Mr. Jackson?] Could you have a case
which would appeal more strongly to your sense
of equality and justice ? I think not.
Mr. MEADE. I would suggest to my honor-
able friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Asiie,] for
whose proposition 1 entertain the kindest feelings,
that he alter his amendment in such a manner as
to provide for changing the appropriation of
^50,000 for reopening a communication between
Albemarle sound, North Carolina, and the Atlan-
tic ocean, at Nag's Head, to the improvement of
Cape Fear river; for if I understand anything about
that coast and the trade upon it, Nag's Head is
comparatively a very unimportant place, and it
certainly could not class among the national ob-
jects for appropriation. It is astonishing to me
that when North Carolina was brought to the at-
tention of the Committee on Commerce, they
should, in their comparison of the various points
worthy of appropriation, have selected Nag's
Head in preference to Cape Fear river. I admit
every word the gentleman has said about the im-
portance of improving Mint river.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. The reason
why the appropriation of $50,000 has been made
to Nag's Head, as it has been called, though it is
laid down in the charts as lloanoke inlet, is for ;
the purpose of opening a connection between Al-
bemarle sound and the Atlantic ocean for the gen-
eral commeice of the country, for the whole trade
that passes from North to South. Make this im-
provement, and you have an inland communica-
tion by passing down the Albemarle sound much
safer than by going outside, where you are ex-
posed to the most dangerous coa|t on the whole
Atlantic. There are more localities on the North
Carolina coast to be provided for than many part
of the country.
Mr. MEADE. Before Nag's Head is im-
proved with a view to admit vessels into Albe-
marle sound, the gentleman had better, in connec-
tion therewith, fust have turned his attention to
the improvement of the Roanoke river, because,
unless the navigation of that river is improved the
improvement of Nag's Head will be of little ser-
vice to thegeneral commerce of the country. Here
is the town of Wilmington, a large exporting and
importing place, situated upon Cape Fear river,
and I should have supposed the Committee on
Commerce, in consideration of itsimportance and
need of improvement, would have made this ap-
propriation of $50,000 to that object. But with
ail respect to my friend, I think he requires of us
more than the due share of North Carolina, when
he a^ks for an appropriation of $50,000 for Nag's
Head, and $40,000 in addition for the improvement
| of Cape Fear river.
| The question now being upon the amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. ASHE demanded tellers; but they were not
ordered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was not agreed to.
The question now recurred on Mr. Stanly's
amendment.
Mr. ASHE demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Chandler and Disney were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 49, noes 8^.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, offered the
following amendment:
Strike out all aftei the word "for," in the clause " For
the immovement of the navigation ofthe Mississippi river,
below the lapids; the Ohio, including the repairs of the
dam at Cumberland Island ; the Missouri arid the Aikansas
rivers, £^50,0()0,,J and inseit the following :
For the improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, below the mouth of the Missouri $100,000
Foi the improvement of the Mississippi uver above
the mouth of the Missoim  50,000
For the improvement of the Missouri liver  SO,000
For the improvement of the Ohio, above the falls
at Louisville 
For the improvement of the Cumberland dam....
For the impiovement of the navigation of the Ohio
river below the falls......   
For the improvement of the navigation of the Ar-
kansas    
For the improvement of the navigation of the Illi-
nois river   
For the improvement of the navigation of theTen-
nessee river 
For the improvement of the navigation of the Cum-
berland river..... 
For the repairs ol the piers at Big Sodus Bay, on
Lake Ontario 
For the impiovement of the Pascagonla river 
Fo-r the construction of snag-boats on the western
and southern rivers   
50,fOG
50.000
25,000
40,000
30;000
40,00&
30.000
35,000
10,000
100,000
$590,000
Mr. M. said: The amendment comprises nearly
all that can be profitably expended in the year?
between the present time and the time for the next
appropriation bill ofthe next session of Congress*
upon the western rivers j and it does not leave oufc
either the upper or the lower Mississippi, or the
lower or upper Ohio, or the Tennessee, or the
Cumberland, or the Illinois, or the Pascagoula; but
it takes care of them all. It makes a proper appro-
priation for the Cumbeikmd dam, and presents to
gentlemen from the valley of the Mississippi, in
the concrete, what we have been trying for three
days to get m the segregate. There is no ob-
ject for which appropriation Is provided for in this
amendment for which Congress has not appropri-
ated heretofore. It increases the appropriation to
the whole "West and to the whole South about
§250,000, of which amount is appropriated to the
construction ofsnag-boats $100,000,and the remain-
ing $150,000 is apportioned among all the rivers of
the West. There is an appropriation, also, which
has been recommended by the estimates of this
year lor Big Sodus Bay upon Lake Ontario. The
Committee on Commerce, I perceive, have put
into their bill Little Sodus Bay, for which there
was no estimate, and for which there was no rec-
ommendation; and they excluded from their bill
Big Sodus Bay, for which there was a recommend-
ation and an estimate. But what they expected to
gain by it, or what they expected to effect by it,
I do not know. Big Sodus Bay is estimated for,
and Little Sodus is not.
Mr. DUNCAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain why the committee did that?
Mr. MARSHALL. Not in my five minutes.
The gentleman can do that presently. There is
some explanation for it, but it is very curious to
me that a committee that goes by estimates should
do that.
But there is in this amendment an appropriation
of $100,000 for the Mississippi below the mouth
of the Missouri, and I ask any gentleman here if
he supposes that that is an improper amount to be
appropriated. If there be any appropriation here
that is not properly called for, or that cannot be
properly expended, why the Secretary of War,
exercising his discretion, will not expend it.
My amendment has this advantage over the
proposition of the committee, it indicates upon
the part of Congress where the money is to be ex-
pended, and selects the works upon the part of
Congress to which the appropriations are made,
instead of doing that which Congress does an-
nually for the Post Office Department, for the
Engineer Department, and for every other depart-
ment of this Government—the voting of sums in
the aggregate, and leaving it to the Executive
Department to appropriate them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to adjourn without having done any-
thing to-day ? [Laughter.]
Mr DISNEY demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was not agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not expect to
occupy my five minutes, but I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee and the attention of my
colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] to the fact that he
has thought proper to include the Illinois river in
his omnibus amendment, and to exclude an im-
portant river of his own State, which bounds in
part his own.district, and in part my own. I
allude to the Kentucky river. It is peculiarly
