1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
No objection was made, and the motion was
agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BADGER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a biH to prohibit the public
execution of criminals within the District of Co-
lumbia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY , agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to reg-
u'ate the surveying and sale of lands belonging to
the United States, in certain cases: which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DODGE, of [owa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
lle^ohcd. That the repmt ofCnptam Stan^buiy upon his
expednu a to the Gieot >a't Luke, wlic-h was o; dared to
he printed ?t ill*1 is-t se>M^-n 01 t-he .Semite, be exe-
cuted, together wuh the extra number* oidered duuug the
pte^ent -c<mop, unclei the special duectiou of the Topo-
giapii'cal Euaeau.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Se-eretary of' the Navy he directed to
nifonsi the. fejenate now many officer-* oi rhe Nivy, if' any,
are receiving sweater compensation than j* piovided hy the
net to regulate the pav of the N; vy of the United States,
passed .Yaren 3, iS-'tt- u' any officers are receiving: Mich
peatei" pm\ the ainon u thereof. Ihcir uu-iips, the time
dun.'vhi>*h thev hive rt^peeuvcly lecened such pay,
and the laws or au'hority by winch they received if.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GW1N, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened,
And the Senate adjourned till Monday.
Prayer
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, rfpril i6, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER stated, a^ the first business in
order, the motion to by upon the table the report
nnd resolutions in reference to the printing of Con-
fess, on which i.-.otion the yeas and nays had
been orderoi* on yesterday.
Mr. EDGER TON moved that the rule4* be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Many Voice1). "Oh! no; finish the pinning
busmess."
The question was then in ken on Mr. Edger-
tox'r motion, and on a division, there were—ayes
35; noes not cnur.i'-jl.
50 the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
on the table,
Mr. GORMAN moved that there be a call of
the Hou:;e.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume that the
object of tli.it morion is merely to ha\e a tall of
the rol', in order that members may have time to
come in; and I therefore ask for the yeas and nays
upoti it.
The veas and nays were ordered, and tho ques-
tion b--"Og pat, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 3'3, nays JOG.
51 a e<j 11 of the House was not ordered.
The question was then token on the motion to
lav u' on the table: and it was decided in the neg-
ative—ye^s 81, nays 8:); as follows:
YEAS—'Ye--*!:# Willis Alien, William A ppleton, Thomas
H. IJa >'h . Baitiett, :5<>wto, Bowne. Briirir-. Brooks,Burrow?,
K. C.uinu'ton O.tndl, ''ha'-trun. CJ.uk. Cobb. UuJIoni,
John G. l">iivi-5, Raw-o u l)ea:i .Di^iey. Pockeiy, Pnnhom,
Faulkner, rhonia> J. H. TulU.r, Gayi"?d, Gent.y, CohBan,
ii.-iiuiitoi). Hammond, ii.ivon, Beiulrn-k-, Lue<solI, An-
d-"\v John .on, Roh.'it W. .1 ~>ls;i*<i*i, Gcottre W Jone^
George G, Kiuii, Landrv, Lei"tie>, Lockhait, Mace, ,.Lu-
tm, McCotkh', AieLanahnn, McMuHin. Meaehatu, "Miller,
Ilcuiy I>. Moore. John ±Moore, MotLhead. Nalier^. OiUlnw,
Samuel W I'ailcer. Pcmi. Polk, rosier. Price. Riddle,
Ho-*, S.ickett, Savrure. ^"heuneijioin. Scho< lei art,
Scurrv, 0'ivid L Scynio'O, S. Seymoui. SkeUo i,
Stanly, t'lcdeiM-k J'" Stanton. Riehard H. £Uuton, H'.one,
fc?f. Mastm, Satheiland. Tavlor. nenpinnu Thomn-on,
Geoigp W. Thonij>'-oii, Thm >to:i, \\ aid. Watkins, Y\ ells.
A! 'vmdft "White. "Wilcox, and Yal'--—
\ A'l^on, Jnlm Anplfiton. A^hf,
Avl'ii'U, Barrele, Elocoek. Hiairt?, Btenton, Albert G.
iii.iw n, Ji*«-cpU CabU, Lewis# 1). Cainpheii, Canter, Ciw-
kie, Ch&mUes, Cha.mjan, Ci?!igma:?, Cu:t«««, Dxmmick, :
Doty. Ed^fuan, I:\5g.-iton, E hnund-^ou, l^okhn. Fitch,
Florence, FlowJ, FowJei, Gidding<. Goodenow, Gooduch, '
Gieen, Gioy, Giovv, Rail, H.iiper,{^ham G. Hairi-\ S^amp- !
bon VV. lienn, I4ibo<iid, UoiHoid, Houston, Joi.u '
W. iifowe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter. Jackson, Janifs 1
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jone/. J. Giancy Jone-v, '
Pre tou Knur, Kuhns, Kurtz, Mann, lluuipluev j\Jao>ha!l, i
Mason, McDonald, iMcNaii*, McUueun. Moude, Mtl^on, '
Aimer, Mujony, Morrison, xMunav, Newton. Old^, On,
Audtew Paiker, Pea>lec, Penimnan, Perkins, PUclps,
Powell, Rrfntou!, Jtobhiu-^, fleuddei, ^i:un(, tftuith, ^nawj
Benjamin Stanton, Tliaddoi^ Sti ve. w, Sw eet^er, Yenablo.
Waihiid^o, Wallace, Wa&bbtun, Addt-on White, and 1
Woodward—*y.
So the House refused to lay the report, and the
motions m reference thereto, upon the table.
Mr. ORR demanded the previous Question. ;
Mr. STANTON, of Ohm, mov^-d that the rules !
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself i
into a Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. ORR. Which of those motions takes pre- .
cedencer
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion to go info a Committee of the Whole
House takes precedence. I
M r. ORR. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair what
would be the elfect, if the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio should prevail, and the blouse
should go into a Committee of the Wnole House,
| and this question should not be reached to-day*
i Would not this subject go to the Sneaker's table:
The .SPEAKER.' It would not.
Mr. ORR. Then, when would it come up?
, The SPE AT\ ER. It would come up as the un-
| finished business to-morrow morning.
| [Cries of "Let us finish it now.1']
1 Mr. POLK. I would like to know of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, whether it will
not facilitate the action of that committee, if the
House act upon this subject .at once, without
deferring it by a reference to a com mil tec5
The SPEAKER. That inte rogatory can only
be made by unanimous consent.
(Cries of "Object!" and "Let us take the
vote.55]
The question was then taken on Mr. St vktox's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
M r. STA NL Y. 1 ask what is the question be-
fore the House?
Tiie SPEAKER. There is a motion pending,
to icier the repoit of the Committee on Punting to
the Committee on the Jutbcjary, with certain m-
s<i actions.
Mr. STANLY. Is there no other motion pend-
ing>
The SPEAKER. Yes: there is a motion nend-
ing to refer the report to the Committee on Print-
ing, with the same instructions; and there is a
motion also pending to amend the instructions.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the several propositions
will be read.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
papers will be lead.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected.
Mr. STANLY, i must know what I am called
to vote upon, and therefore I move that the prop-
ortions be read.
The motion wns put, and agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question,
before the rending commences, and before rhe pre- |
vious question is seconded. I understood the gen- !
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Oar.] to propose
to strike out "the Judiciary Committee,,s and to 1
insert "the Committee on Pirnting,*' and that
that amendment was accepted by the gentleman ■
from Mississippi, [Mr. Piiown.] L; that so?
Mr. CROWN, of Mississippi. No; I did not
accept it.
Mr. ORH. That amendment is now pending.
The Clerk then read the various propositions.
The question being upon seconding (be demand
for the previous question, it was put, and, on a
division, there were—ayes noes oS
Mr. BRIGGS demanded telleis on the second.
' Tellers were ordered, and Me^'.s. I>roo  and
Hall were appointed; and the question being put,
the tellers reported—ayes 86, noes i'.i.
i' So the previous question received a second.
; The question being, " Shall the main question
! be now put ?M—
ii Mr. DOTY demanded the yeas and nnys.
b Mr. PITCH. I am confident theie is u misap-
That is the bureau bill—is it
prehension as to the effect of the main question.
It brings us, I believe, first to vote- on the propo-
sition to strikeout "the Committee on the Judi-
ciary," and insert " the Committee on Printing."
The SPEAKER. The, first vote is on the
amendment to the instructions.
Mr. FITCH. That is, on the adoption of the
bureau bill.
The SPEAKER. On the adoption of the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Florenti:.]
Mr. FITCH.
not'
Thp SPEAKER. It is. When that question
is decidcd, the Chan* will put the question on re-
ierung th:s whole subject to theCommittee on the
Judiciary; and if that fads, then upon the motion
to refer it to the Committee on Printing. That is
the order in which the Chan* proposes to put the
questions.
Mr. FITCH. Are the instructions imperative?
I understand not.
The SPEAKER. They have been read several
times.
Mr. HALL. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair. If these instructions are oil rejected, will
it then be in order to move additional instruc-
tion^?
Th^ SPEA ITER. It win not. Under the opera-
> tion of the previous question, no new matter cart
be introduced.
| Mr. HALL. Will not the previous question
be exhausted, when all these resolutions are re-
,jected ?
1 The SPEAKER. Not until the whole matter
„ is disposed of.
| Mr. ORR. With all due deference to the Chair,
I I have a different opinion with reference to the
order of questions. My proposition .was a mo-
tion to strike out " Judiciary Committee," and
insert " the Committee on Printing;" and I sub-
: nut that the question must first be put upon my
■ motion."
| The SPEAKER. Our rules provide that, when
j motions are made to refer a matter to the Commit-
! tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or to
1 a Committee of the Whole House, and to other
| committees, it shall be the duty of the Chair to
, put the quet-tion upon sending it to the Committee
! of the Whole first, and then on the motions to
refer to the other committees, in the order in which
they were made. The Chair thinks that the most
i convenient mode of reaching the object of the gen-
| tleman from South Carolina is, to take the vote
■ upon the reference to the two committees m the
■ order in which they were proposed. The result
i will certainly be the same.
Mr. POLK. Is it m order now to move to lay
: this whole matter upon the table? We are getting
into such confusion, that I desire to submit that
1 motion.
! [A message was here received from the Senate
] by the hands of AeutrRY Dickixs, Esq., their
j Secretary.]
Mr. POLK. I will withdraw my motion for
the present.
Mr. P>!LOOKS. I rise to a point of order. I
desite to inquire if it will be m order to move to
1 postpone tins matter to a day certain ?
1 The SPEAK ER. It is not in order during the
pendency of the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. "CROOKS. 1 beg to call the attention of
the Chair to a decision made by him on the 27th
of February upon this very point. When the
bounty land bill was up before the House, it was
decided that, after ademamifor the previous ques-
tion upon the final passage of the bill, a motion to
postpone to a day certain was m order. From
that de: i,-mn an appeal was taken, and the Chair
was smtamed by the House.
A M The Chair has since reversed that
decision.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was, that a demand for the previous question, or
the ordering of the main question, did not cut off
, a motion to postpone to a day certain. Since that
time, howeve.*, the Chnir has reversed that decis-
ion, for reasons which lie then briefly stated.
The Chair is now \ery clear in the opinion that
■ after the demand for the previous question has
been made, a motion to postpone to a day certain
. cannot be ma-e.
1 Mr. PilOOKS. Do T understand the Chair to
