1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Illinois chute, (two miles below Smithland.) Al-
though the dam was never completed, yet whilst
it was unbroken it made the navigation of both
rivers far better than it ever was before or sinee,
and will do so again. But, sir, if the dam is now
removed, (which will cost a larger expenditure
than to repair it,) it will pass much the largest
half of the waters of the Ohio down the Illinois side
of the island, which will, at its junction with the
Cumberland, again increase the bar, and stop up
the mouth of the latter river, as was the case be-
fore the dam was erected.
This did, and, if the dam is removed, will again
result from the fact that the Ohio is a much larger
stream than the Cumberland at their junction,
and its greater volume of water will force its chan-
nel, and throw the washings out of its channel
into the mouth of the Cumberland river, and thus
form a sand bar, destructive of the navigation of
the Cumberland. But repair the dam, and from
the head of the island around the south, or Ken-
tucky side, will be a greatly better channel than ,
the Illinois side will ever be, even if the dam were
removed, because the water on the Illinois side is
spread out over so wide a channel.
Sir, will you make an appropriation to remove
the obstructions to its four or five hundred miles
of navigation, and then make an appropriation
which entirely stops up the Cumberland river at
its mouth from all steamboats ?
Cumberland is one of the most valuable rivers
in the South or West. The evidences of its im-
portance, and the necessity for repairing that dam,
is proven by the preamble and resolutions adopted
by the Legislatures of the States of Kentucky and
Tennessee, by which both these States have me-
morialized Congress on this very subject, and in-
structed their respective delegation in Congress to
obtain an appropriation for the repair and com- \
pletion of that dam. Sincc that dam has been
oroken, the Cumberland bar at the mouth of the
Cumberland has so greatly increased that boats
cannot now come up to Smithland or into the
Cumberland river, and a small " chicken-coop"
of a steamboat of seven or eight inches draught is
in low water plying between Smithland and the
mouth of Cumberland river.
Mr. SAVAGE moved that the committee rise.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Harris, of Alabama, and Fuller, of Maine,
were appointed.
The question was then put, and the teller? re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 67.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
Mr, CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
That was the last vote we took. ii
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that ij
it is always in order to make a motion that the j;
committee ri^e. ;i
Tellers were demanded and ordered on the mo- jj
tion that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Mason- jl
and Orr acting as tellers,) and there were—ayes ii
8, noes 69. No quorum voting. j;
[Cries of u Call the roil!" "Call the roll'" l|
"Call the roll!"] T
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that j
the roll must be called. !|
The roll was then called, and the absentees ii
noted. |!
The absentees having been reported to the
House, and there being a quorum now present, ;j
the committee resumed its session. I;
The tellers having resumed their places, the i
question was again put upon the motion that the 'j
committee rise, and there were—ayes 58, noes 55.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak- ''
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. ij
Olds) reported that the Committee of the Whole jj
on the state of the Union had had the state of the j
Union generally under consideration, and partic- l|
ularly House biil No. 282, making appropriations
for the improvement of rivers and harbors, and "1
had made progress therein, but had come to no H
conclusion thereon. <j
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent of '!
the House to offer a petition from citizens of Jer- '!
sey City, asking that some action of Congress be
had for the relief of the Irish exiles, Mitchell, j|
O'Brien, and others. I ask its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Objection was made.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, of Maine, the
House then adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BRAGG : The petition of L. Cooper, asking for
a law authorizing the issuance of duplicate certificates of
land scrip in the district of St. Stephens, Alabama.
By Mr. McNAlR: The petition.of the citizens of Mont-
gomery county, Pennsylvania, asking that the Secretary of
th<  Treasury be authorized to deposit with the several
States, the fouith installment of the deposits of the public
money directed to be made with ihe said States, by the act
of June 23. 1836.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of G. B.
Bun and 33 other citizens on the route, asking that a post
road be established tiom the mouth of lied river, to Burr's
Feriy. in Louisiana, thence to Huntsville, in Texas.
By Mr. KUflNS : The petition of Elizabeth McDowell,
widow of James McDowell, of Pennsylvania, a revolution-
ary soldiei, piaying for a pension.
Also, the petition of William Piicc, praying for compen-
sation for extra services as watchman in the Census office.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 99, 1^52.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Mil waukie, Wisconsin, and a petition of citizens
of Dewitt ville, New York, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as the
" homestead bill," may become a law; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of John
Carroll Brent, and other citizens of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying that the jurisdiction
of the corporation of said city may be extended
over the Eastern Branch bridges; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Springfield,
Massachusetts, praying that the armories of the
United States may be placed under the superin-
tendence of civilinstead of military officers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a representation of the petit jury of the
criminal court of Washington county. District of
Columbia, respecting the necessity of providing
a room for the court in which to hold its sessions;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Obed fliNsey, on the files
of the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which various memorials
on the subject were referred, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill granting certain additional
powers to the corporation of Washington; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to which was referred the peti-
tion of llenry A. Amelung, reported a bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to test the
plan of Henry A. Amelung, to prevent steamboats
and other vessels from sinking; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Whitemarsh B. Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and
others, praying payment for military services dur-
ing the last war with Great Brjtum, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
whifch was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of Mrs.
Elizabeth Armistcad, widow of General W. K.
Armistead, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for her relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Mrs. Asenath M. Elliott,
widow of the late Captain E. G. Elliott, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for her relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill " to amend
an act to divide the district of Arkansas into two
judicial districts, and for other purposes," have
directed me to report it back with an amendment.
As this bill has not yet been printed, I ask that
it may be taken up, so that it may be ordered to
be printed in its amended form. The amendment
of the committee is simply to amplify and make
more explicit the original bill. I ask that the bill
be now taken up.
There being no objection, the Senate procpeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section provides that from and after
the passage of the bill, the counties of Sevier and
Sebastian, in the State of Arkansas, shall be in-
cluded within the judicial district created by the
act of March 3, 1851, styled the " Western Dis-
trict of Arkansas." The second section provides
for an additional term of the circuit court of the
United States for the " Eastern District of Ar-
kansas," to be holden at Little Rock annually.
The third section provides that the existing laws
of the State of Arkansas for the punishment of
crimes which are not locally inapplicable, shall,
after the passage of theact, be in force in that part
of the Indian country included within the jurisdic-
tion of the district court of the United States for
the western district of Arkansas, and that all acts
and parts of acts for the punishment of crimes in
the Indian country inconsistent with the foregoing
enactment be repealed, except—1st, So much of
the laws of the United States as provides for the
punishment of treason, robbery of the mail, coun-
terfeiting the coin or securities of the United States.
2d, The various laws now in force regulating
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and
for maintaining peace upon the frontier.
The amendment of the committee is to add to
this: "and 3d, Such other laws for the punish-
' ment of crimes and offenses against the laws,
' treaties, or authority of the United States, over
i which the courts of the United. States have ex-
k elusive jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the further consideiation of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, sand that the bill as amended be
printed.
DEPOSITARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. WELLEit submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate—
1st. At what period a depositary of the Treasurj was es-
tablished at California, and at what point?
2d. What deposits such depobitaiy was authorized to re-
ceive, and what deposits were made with him, as acknowl-
edged or recognized by the Treasury Department?
3d. When did the monthly statement of the Treasuier of
the United skates, requued by law to be published,first an-
nounce that a depositaiy had been established m that
State?
4th. If such depositary was authorized before or after
Collector King'-* appointment at San Francisco, why was
not the amount on depoMtgiven in saidmonthly statements
previous to November last?
oth. fcJutc the dates and amounts of the bonds (if any)
given by collectors Collier and King, as designated deposi-
taries of the public money.
FORTS AND NAVAL DEPOTS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary o{ War be directed to re~
poit to the Senate, for the action of Congress at its present
sesMon, the amount neces&aiy to oonstiuct a fort and naval
depot at San Fiancisco, California, and the amount that
can be advantageously expended m the construction of
&aid woik, during the fiscal yeai ending 30th June, 1853 ;
also, the whole amount necessary to complete the defense
ot Garden Key, or Tortugas Island, Florida, with the
amount that may be advantageously expended on the same
during the said year, and similar information m relation
to Fort Delaware, Delawaie rivei, and such other import-
ant points as may be most exposed in ease of war, and
which require immediate efficient defense.
TRUST FUNDS.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rccolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the amount of trust funds in tho
Tieasury (specifying each) at the close of each of the last
four fiscal years; also, the causes of the usual differences
or disci epancies between the statements of balances |n the
Treasury at the end of fiscal years, as exhibited in the an-
