1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■M7
avows. What does he tell you every day ? He
says, I am not here to be complimented. I am
here to procure the recognition of a great national
principle. And this is the shield which he bears
between himself and the American people, from
day to day. No man, I undertake to say, can ap-
proach him exceptthrough this shield. You must
indorse his doctrines, or he seeks no intercourse
with you. I am for saying, in the language of
that amendment, that we "neither indorse nor refuse
to enforce his doctrines at this time, reserving any
such question until a proper case shall arise.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not rise even for the pur-
pose of making a five minutes speech, but to ask
the friends of the resolution to abstain from speak-
ing. I am in favor of the resolution, but not any
amendment. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Gorman,] who last spoke, requested the friends
of the resolution not to offer amendments. I re-
quest them not to make speeches of five minutes
in answer to amendments. That is all I have to
say. Let us have the question.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers upon the
question; which were ordered; and Mr. Venable
and Mr. Fowlek appointed.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
there were in the affirmative 53, and in the nega-
tive 56—no quorum voting.
Mr. CLEVELAND asked to have a recount.
The CHAIRMAN stated that by unanimous
consent there might be a recount.
Mr. STEPHENS objected.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called, and the names of the
absentees noted; the committee rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
of the committee reported the facts to the House,
with the names of the absentees.
A quorum being present, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the committee
rise. Let us adjourn. I never saw a minority
fail to beat in this House—we have tried it often.
It is not worth while to keep up the struggle.
The question was then taken; and it was agreed
to.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole had
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, but came to no conclusion thereon,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believe I will make a
privileged motion, that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
[Cries of" No !" 11 No!" " No!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and on division there were—ayes
91, noes 58.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion, to enable the Chair to dispose
of some Executive documents ?
Mr. ORR withdrew his motion.
CASE OP J. S. THRASHER.
To the House of Representatives:
As a further answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 15th ultimo, calling for information re-
specting tlie imprisonment, trial, and sentence of John S.
Thrasher in the Island of Cuba, I transmit another report
from the Secretary of State. _
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 2, 1853.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the communication
and accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
Mr. FLOYD moved to amend the motion, by"
adding thereto these words:
And that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be instruct-
ed to wait upon Louis Kossuth, and introduce hint to
this House.
On that morion, he asked the previous question.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the communication was referred to the Com- .
mittee on Foreign Affairs. j
MEXICAN INDEMNITY. ,
To the House of Representatives : _ I
1 transmit, herewith, a ropy of a letter of the26lh instant, j
addressed to the Secietary of State by the contractors tor j
paying the next installment due to Mexico, pursuant to the j
treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, representing the necessity of
an immediate appiopriation bv Congress of the money ne-
cessary for that purpose.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, December 29,1851.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
communication was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 11th instant, a statement of the*
accounts between the United States and the State
of Maryland for advances -made by said State
during the war; also, for advances made to aid in
the erection of the Capitol.
Mr. WALSH. I introduced the resolution
calling for that information, and I am instructed
by the agent of the State of Maryland, Colonel
Howard, to ask that the subject-matter of that
communication be referred to a select committee.
I move that it be so referred. The communication
relates to a claim of one of the States of this Union,
and I hope there will be no objection to the refer-
ence to a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to refer the
communication to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and that it be printed.
The question being first taRen upon Mr. Jones's
motion, it was agreed to.
So the communication was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
DEFICIENCY ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, sub-
mitting estimates for the deficiencies in the appro-
priations under the control of that department, for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852, amounting
to $219,888 94.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
communication was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
RELATIVE BANK OF SURGEONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Medical Institution of
Charleston, relative to relative rank for the sur-
geons in the Army and Navy.
Mr. FITCH moved that the memorial be re-
ferred to a select committee.
Mr. BISSELL. It seems to me that that me-
morial might with propriety go either to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs or to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman that neither of those com-
mittees is composed of doctors, and this memorial
should go to a committee of doctors.
Mr. FITCH. If gentlemen will examine that
memorial they will see that there is no standing-
committee to which it can properly be referred; I
hope, therefore, that it will go to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does not that communication
refer to the subject of rank in the Navy?
Mr. FITCH. In part, only.
Mr. BISSELL. It refers also to rank in the
Army.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest that so much of the communication as refers
to relative rank in the Navy be referred to the
Naval Committee; and that so much as relates to
the same subject in the Army, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BISSELL. I will modify my motion in
that way.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bissell's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. It has been suggested to me that
there is a portion of that communication that has
not been referred by the action just taken by the
House, and therefore I think that the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] to re-
fer the communication to a select committee was
the proper one.
The SPEAKER. After reading the paper, the
Chair is of the opinion that the whole of it has
been referred to the appropriate committees.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. WASHHITRN: The petition of Josiah Smith and
204 others, of Bangor, Maine, for land reform.
Also, the petition of Joseph Webb, for Increase of pen-
sion.
By Mr. SCUDDER: The petition of Thomas Milliard
and others, citizens of Massachusetts, for the erection of a
breakwater at Dennis, in Barnstable Say.
By Mr. MASON: The petition of J. Decret, for bounty
land for E. Tlioron's heirs.
By Mr. HARPER: Tlie petition of JosliuaDickerson and
194 other citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio, praying that
the employment of chaplains in tlie Navy, Army, and Con-
gress, may hereatter be dispensed with.
Also, that the petition and papers of George W. Caseiday?
an tile in the office of the Clerk, he referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
By Mr. MANN: The memorial of the Religious Society
of Friends of New England, praying for a repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 5, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. MANGUM. At the request of divers
persons, I desire the consideration of the Senate
while I submit a motion whicK I hope will pass
with unanimity. It is to suspen'd the rules of the
Senate so far as to admit ladies behind the bar of
the Senate Chamber.
Gentleman can at any time call and see the
illustrious stranger whom we are to receive to-
day; but if ladies are not now gratified, another
occasion may not perhaps be presented to them.
I hope there will be no objection to my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The motion cannot be
received except by unanimous consent. *
There being no objection the motion was re-
ceived and agreed to.
A great number of ladies were then admitted,
filling all the space without the bar. The circular
gallery was occupied exclusively by ladies from
an early hour; and the usual occupants of the Re-
porters' Gallery were placed in a dilemma between
tluty and gallantry. Gallantry was triumphant;
and any imperfections in the reports of the pro-
ceedings—any defects in the history of tbis day 's
transactions—will meet with charitable consider-
ation wherever gallantry, their cause, lias po-
tency.
In the group of gentlemen present several for-
eign embassies had their representatives. Amongst
them were three attaches of the' British Legation.
The Secretary of the Interior, the Hon. A. H. H.
Stuart, the Attorney General, the Hon. John J.
Crittenden, and probably other Cabinet officers,
were in the crowd of ex-senators, members, and.
ex-members of the House of Representatives, and
other distinguished gentlemen.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Cleric, was read as fol-
lows:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives, in com-
pliance wnh the provisions of the act to establish the _
Smithsonian Institution for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men, have appointed Mi. Coi.cock,
Mr. Fitch, and Mr. Mkichim, Regents on their pait.
PETITIONS.
Mr. McRAE presented a petition of the late
and present land .officers at Jackson, Mississippi,
praying compensation for locating military boun-
ty land warrants; which was ordered to lie on the
table. . . ,
Mr. MASON presented the petition ot H. M.
Bell and David Points, assistant marshals in ta-
king the Seventh Census, of Augusta county,
Virginia,praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
for an appropriation for the erection of piers and
harbors of the Delaware river and bay; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of John H. Parker and sixty
other citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray 
ing the enactment of a law to prohibit the intro-
duction into the ports of the United States of
foreign convicts, felons, and paupers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of the
underwriters of the city of Boston, Massa^u- «
setts, praying the reconstruction of the light-
house on Sand Key, on the_coast ofFlori^a; which
was referred to the Committee on Conferee.
