185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
tryct system, and that if we are not undertaking to
destroy the contract system, he says the practical
effect of our action will be to destroy it. How can
that be the effect of ouraction, ifweholdthis manre-
Hponsible, as the law requires ? Butgentlemenupon
this floor from that side of the House, come to me
and say, if we hold this poor man to his contract,
under tiie law, he will be ruined, and other inno-
cent persons will be ruined. We have come up '
to the stern letter of the law, and have cast aside -
all questions of clemency and mercy, supposing
that mercy to be in your hands, but not in ours.
Wc have met the question boldly in the face, and
we have said that the contract shall be carried out
in accordance with the instructions which that law
Hys down. Yet this House has been told that
we have attempted to do away with the contract '
f-ystem. We deemed that we had no power to
do so.
In the next place the gentleman from North '
Carolina [Mr. Clingmax] says that we have of- ;
fered a, resolution which the former chairman of
the Committee on Printing [Mr. Borland] re-
ported, but that we adopted another and different
course. Certainly we did; and had the gentleman
exercised his usual sagacity, he would have seen
the reason for it. When the proposition was first ,
made to give the future printing to some one be-
side the contractor, the question immediately (
sprung up, whether or not we had the power to
do that. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ha^en,] one of the members of the committee, |
who has the reputation of being as good a lawyer
as any other in the country, suggested that it was
doubtful whether that power could be exercised by
the committee. What did we do? Persist in
doing a thing about which there was a doubt of,
our power to do ? No! We conceived, therefore,
that we had no power to make this transfer for the
future printing. Whatever the contractor fails or
neglects to do of the printing that is ordered now,
according to his contract, we may make arrange- ,
merits to have done. That was our argument
there; it is our argument here, and 1 am satisfied
it cominces everybody here. The gentleman:
himself must know that that motive operated
upon us. '
If the motive had operated upon us to go con-
trary to the law, and to carry out a resolution
winch the gentleman says was contrary to our
power, 1 ..t.i he would have come up here and have
•said th.it we exercised a power not granted by the '
taw, and he would have sustained it, too. But we :
discovered the error ourselves. We retraced our
steps. We adopted the very language of the law, t
and reported that to the country, "to remedy any
neglect of the public printer to comply with his 1
contract.'" There we stopped. Thatgentleman and
this House is convinced that we controlled our ac-
tion precisely according to the letter of our power,
 nd went nut one inch beyond it. Our powers as a
committee are laid down clearly in the law of 1846,
which reads as follows:
".'???n he ?t further reso/ved. That a committee, conkizt-
mg of three members of the .Senate and tillee members of I
the House of Representatives, shall be chosen by their re- j
«pective House?, which shall constitute a Committee on I
Pnntnt!;, which s-hall have power to adopt such measures |
.)* ••haU be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect or de- i;
lay on the part of the contractor to execute the woik ordered J
by Con?res<, and to make a pro rata reduction in the com- ;
pensation allowed, or to refuse the work altogether, should j
if be dt'oined inferior to the standard ; and in all cases, the j
•contractor and Ins securities shall be lesponsible lor any ,
mcrea-ed expenditure* consequent upon the non perform- ■
Oiice the contract. The committee shall audit and pass ;
upon all accounts for printing, butno bill shall be acted upon .j
for work that is not actually executed and delivered, and ;
whiC'i 'hey may require to be properly authenticated '* ;
Now. sir, after carefully perusing this law, and ;
the powers granted, and the duties enjoined, it
would take more tlrm the gentleman's declaration, 1
heie or elsewhere, to convince me that there is a
man 'tpori this floor, of any party, who believes ,
that the committee has transcended its powers in 1
any single point, or in any contingency. I do not j
believe a word of it, when the pretense is setup ;
That we exceeded our powers. You do believe, m |
my opinion, that we have done exactly what the j
letter of the law authorized us to do. He says, j
that, for political purposes, we undertook to give A
it to Donelson & Armstrong. J
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) Will the j
gentleman allow me a moment ? I
Mr. GORMAN. If I have misrepresented the j
£*€Mt>man, I will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My remark as to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gormax] being influ-
enced by political bias, was founded upon a state-
ment which 1 read from the Congressional Globe.
It is from the gentleman's speech upon the census
; printing. I will read but a few sentences:
i " 1 ask my friend what more there is iu this transaction ?
i DoneUon &. Armstrong are to do it, and it is complained
I because their names are inserted here. I tell you, if that
! contract can be given them, so far as my influence and vote
go, they shall have it. Why will I select them in prefer-
; ence to other Democrats? I will do so, I tell my friends,
1 because they are the organs of the Democratic party. Js
that plain enough ? Is that understood?"
; These are the grounds upon which I based my
, remarks.
i Mr. GORMAN. I repeat them now, and I
j never uttered a sentiment more true than that.
I The gentleman has not dnven me from the record.
. I stand there yet, and the man who tells me that
i he is not a party man, he is, as I stated before, a
' kind of animal that I have not often seen in human
i shape in this country. But I had the candor to
• come out on that occasion, and state boldly that I
; would give it to a political friend, where ( could
j do it upon terms equally fair as those offered by
: a political foe, in preference to that foe. And I
l apprehend that there is not a man upon the Whig
j side of the House, who would not have done the
i same thing, if the consideration upon each side
I were equal.
| But to the point. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] says I was actuated by
political motives. The first motive which actuated
ine was to discharge iwj duty, and to place the pub-
lic printing before the country. The next motive
was to look about and see whom we could get to
perform the work, as the public printer had
i failed to perform it in obedience to his contract.
Was that a legitimate step? What other step
could we have taken, than to look about and see 1
who could perform the duty that your public
printer had failed to perform? Was not that the
next legitimate duty of the committee? It was.
Then comes up the question, to whom shall it be ■
given ? First, the committee consideied and pro-
posed to give it to A, B, C, &c. To whom
could we give it ? Almost every printer in the city
of Washington was proposed. There could be no
concurrence of opinion. As a matter of course,
in obedience to what I said before, in my speech
upon the census printing, I preferred to give the
contract to a political friend, instead of to a politi-
cal foe, where the terms were equal. 1 acted upon .
that pimciple, and I shall continue to act upon '
that piinciple.
In the next place, what did irp do ? We laid
down the prices that we agreed to give. Those
prices were those contained in the recent bid of
John C. Rives. The gentleman says that John
C. Rives's bid was higher than that of Towers.
I have said that I proposed Towers's bid; but I
was satisfied, by a calculation, by deducting the
sixty-nine per cent, upon the long numbers, that
Rives's bid was the cheapest to the country, and ,
acting under that conviction, I accordingly agreed
to that bid.
What next, sir? Why, it is now stated in this
morning's Globe, by Mr. Rives, that his bid was 1
higher than Towers's. If it is, Mr. Rives led his
friends, and myself particularly, into an error; for '<
he published, over his own signature, and m his I
own paper, of 13th December, 1851, as follows:
A«« I am the lowest bona fide bidder for the greatest por-
tion of the printing of Corigre^, and have made ample
preparation to execute all that may devolve upon me, f
have felt it my duty to assert my claim ; and i herewith ,
tender as security, Messrs. John W. Maury and Geoige ,
Parker, of this city—as sufficient irion a- can be found any- '
where—who ate prepared, as you will see by the inclosed, j
to entei into bond for the execution of tins work, according
to the terms of your advertisement and my bid.
" X am read}* to verify the statements of this note bj tes-
timony before you. But if, as agents tor letting the print-
ing of Congress, you should not" determine to set aside a ,
sham bid in favor of the bona fide injured hildcr, (accord- 1
mg to the usage in the Executive Depaitment* of tins Gov- ,
ernment.) but choose, rather, to submit tiie matter to the 1
bodv immediately interested, I beg leave rcspeettully to ;
solicit, through you, an investigation of the case by a com- :
imltce of Congress."
I can say to you, and to this House, that if my ;
vote controls it, that contract goes to no man that :
does not agree to do it as cheaply as any respon- .
sible bidder under the law. Gideon & Co., or 1
Donelson &. Armstrong, have never proposed to
have a stipulated price over and above either i
Rives's or Towers'« bid. They did not ask the i
j committee to give them this or that price. They
only asked the committee for the printing, if any
: one but the contractor got the work. Indeed,
I Gideon & Co. never asked the committee for any-
1 thing, that I know of. I asked the committee, m
behalf of Donelson & Armstrong, for it. But" I
I tell this House that Gideon & Co..'s hands are
clean of this. They never talked to me, and I did
| not know Mr. Gideon until after the final vote was
! taken. If there has been any coalition on-the
' part of the Printing Committee, they could, and
; more readily would have coalesced, as a matter of
1 course, with some other printer than that of the.
: Republic.
But, sir, let me look one moment at this ques-
tion, as presented by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and the gentleman
| from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown;] for I conceive, of
I all the speeches made upon this subject, that gen-
1 tleman [Mr. Cmvgman] has presented the most
; unfair issues. He has presented them with that
degree of force which usually characterizes his
I ability upon the floor, but he did it in that kind of
! iron-heeled way which would seem to carry that
; imperiwn hi imjperio manner that I do not think
I proper to submit to. When any gentleman un-
> dertakes to charge coalition, their hands should be
! clean. It is said, sir, in law, that when you come
: into a couit of justice for equity, you must come
1 in first with clean hands. Now, sir, how did we
I give this printing to these two men? The Na-
j tional Intelligencer was one of the public presses
i of the Whig party. The Southern Press was a
] kind of quasi" organ of the South, of what is
j called State-Rights men; and I have one word
I upon that question of State-Rights to say, at the
j proper time. I believe the Southern Press is com-
j posed of one Whig and one Democratic editor. I
I believe Mr..De Leon was always a Whig, and I
| have never heard that he has changed. Now, as
I to this coalition, if there had been a disposition
| on the part of the committee to make a coalition
| they had the opportunity tendered them by the
! Southern Press. I state to the gentleman from
North Carolina, from information, that a distin-
guished and worthy Southern gentleman, the editor
of a newspaper m Columbus, Georgia, came to this
i place, and propositions and arrangements were
I upon foot, as I have understood, for the purpose
1 of making him editoi of the Southern Press. I
• have also understood that he was to come out and
declare his acquiescence in the compromise, and
declare himself in favor of the nominee of the
Democratic party. He used the above words m
, conjunction with Southern men as I learn. Could
; not there have been an alliance here that would
| have suited part of the opposition of this House?
! and could not part of the public printing have been
1 given to them? Could we not have made such an
I arrangement as that? I say we could, as I have
I been informed.
| But, sir, that gallant man, General Armstrong,
| who has stood the fire that tried men's souls, and
I who bears upon his person the marks of his coun-
! try's foes, rejected it. Not because the associa-
! tion would have been disagreeable personally, but
because he wanted to avoid any combinations that
might be charged as coalitions. I, sir, was op-
posed to any alliance with any press, North or
1 South, East or West, but the Democratic organ.
I You would have had an alliance here, if you had
' taken the editor of the Columbus Times, as I learn.
! If you could have had him at the head of the South-
: ern Press, you would, in my opinion, have been
i satisfied, and we would not have been compelled
: to answer the charge brought against us here, of
' bargaining and coalescing. The extremes might
; then have been satisfied. Possibly the Abolition
organ's friends—the National Era—might have yet
been refractory without a slice. That is the first
■ start of all this coalition, and the first thing I ever
heard of it was, thntitwas rejected by one of the pro-
prietors of the Union. On the other hand, I did not
i hear of Mr. Fisher, or Mr. De Leon makinga sug-
, gestion in reference to this matter; butl afterwards
1 learned that such suggestions were being made qui-
etly in the rotunda, at the National Hotel, and
; in the street. 1 The proposition crept to the ears of
: gentlemen upon that committee, that FisherwouJd
- like to have a slice. And now, sir, owing to that
1 failure, possibly, I see the two gentlemen from
North Carolina, and some other, gentlemen on
this floor, whom I could name, of extreme opin-
ions upon the doctrine of State-Rights, attacking
