1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
nual reports on the finances, and the annual reports on the
receipts and expenditures of the United States, stating the
same foi* each of the fiscal years ending 30th June, 1849.
1850; and 1851.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolvedf That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to report, by bill or otherwise. a practical
plan for the accomplishment of the following objects:
1. For the lepair of the Long Bridge across the Potomdc
for temporary use as a service bridge. '
2. The erection of a new bridge over the Potomac liver, |
at the Little Falls, to supply the place of the chain bridge 1
carried olfby the late flood. I
3. The erection of a new biidgo across the Potomac river,
at or near the site now occupied by the Long Bridge, ac-
cording to the plan adopted by General Andrew Jackson,
President of the United States, and approved by him on the
3d of April, 1833.
I do not wish to call up the resolution for action
now. I merely ask that it may be laid on the
table and printed. I have also collected a great
deal of statistical information, and I will ask that
that be printed for the use of the Senate. It is a
very important matter.
The resolution and statement were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MASON informally laid on the table the
following, which he gave notice he would offer as
an amendment to the resolution of the Senator !
from Illinois; which was also ordered to be printed:
And that they inquire into the practicability and expense 1
of constructing, at some point west of Georgetown, a sus-
pension bridge, a sione bridge, or a btid^e of such cli.iractei
may be adapted to the tians.it as welJ of oidmary ttavel
as of railroads, in case that should be considered the most
convenient point in the District of Columbia loi connect-
ing the northern with the southern line of railroad.-. *
SECRETARY OF THE CENSUS BOARD.
The joint resolution explanatory of an act .sup-
plementary to an act approved 23d of May, 1850,
came up on its third reading.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 apprehend that that reso-
lution, which was yesterday ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, upon very little con-
sideration, is founded in a mistake m fact. I am
not prepared to give a full and clear investigation
of that mistake this morning, but hope to be in
the course of a day. I move to reconsider the
vote ordering the joint resolution to a third read- i
ing, and ilia* that motion lie on the table until I
shall be prepared to make an explanation of the 1
subject to the Senate. ;
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the delay, j
which, however, can be obtained without making !
a motion to reconsider the vote. I wish distinctly I
to state to the Senate, that if the Secretary of the '
Census desires to be heard upon this question, I ;
have no earthly objection to it.
The motion to reconsider was ordered to lie on i
the table. |
Mr. DAVIS. 1 give notice, in order that the '
parties may be prepared, that I shall call up the I
joint resolution to-morrow. i
BILLS INTRODUCED. j
Mr. DOWNS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the I
settlement of a certain class of private land claims, ,
within the limits of the D'Antrive claim, and for
allowing preemption to certain purchasers and ac-
tual settlers, in the event of the final adjudication
of title of said D'Antrive in favor of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to •
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leavetointroduce a bill amend- 1
atory of the several acts regulating the appraise- ,
ment of imported merchandise, and the more effect- j
ually to prevent frauds on the revenue, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and ordered to he on the table and
be printed.
SURVEY OF THE WHALING GROUNDS AND '
ROUTES'OF COMMERCE ON THE PACIFIC. '
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed ;
to the consideration of the bill " authorizing an :
exploration and reconnoissance of the courses of 1
navigation used by whaling vessels in the regions
of Behring's Straits, and also of such parts of the
China Sea, Straits of Gaspar, and Java Sea, as !
lie directly in the route of vessels proceeding to
and from China.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be done, j
It wants only fifteen minutes of one o'clock, when i
the Indian appropriation bill conies up as the spe-
cial order. I want to put that bill through, that
we may not be forced to interfere with private
business to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. It will take but a short time to
consider the bill which I propose to take up.
The Senator from New York [Mr. SewaKD] has
a few remarks to make upon it, and then I think
it will pass without opposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very sure that it cannot
be passed in fifteen minutes. i think we had better
dispose of one subject at a time.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall detain the Senate but
a very few minutes on the bill. I hope it will be
taken up now. 1 have been waiting several days
for an opportunity to get the bill up.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator consent to
put the bill aside at one o'clock?
Air. SEWARD. I will pledge myself to le-
ceive a proposition from the honorable Senator
from Virginia, at any time, to do it.
Mr. GWIN's motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to cause an exploration and a re-
connoissance to be made, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, of the courses of naviga-
tion used by whaling vessels m the region of Beh-
ring's Straits, and also of such parts of tiie China
sea, Stunts of Caspar, and Java seas, as lie di-
rectly in the route of vessels proceeding to and
from China, and that for this purpose, the Presi-
dent shall be authorized to employ one or more
suitable vessels of the Navy and such officers of
the Navy and Army of the United States, as shall
be necessary. i t also proposes to continue the act
in force two years.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, some years
ago, when ascending the Alabama, I saw a stag
plungti into the liver, and gallantly gain the west-
ern bank, while the desponding sportsman, whose
rifle he had escaped, sat down to mourn his ill
luck under the deep magnolia forest that shaded
the eastern shore. You, sir, are a dweller in that
region, and are, as all the world knows, a gentle-
man of cultivated taste and liberal fortune. Per-
haps, then, you may have been that unfortunate
hunter. Howsoever that may have been, I wish
to converse with you now of the chase, and yet
not of deer, or hawk, or hound, but of a chase
upon the seas; and still not of angling or tioiling,
nor of the busy toil of those worthy fishermen
who seem likely to embroil us, certainly without
reluctance on our part, in a controversy about
their rights in the Bay of Fundy, but of a nobler
sport and more adventurous sportsmen than Izaak
Walton, or you, or Daniel Boone, or even Nim-
rod, the mightiest as well as most ancient of hunters,
ever dreamed of—the chase of the whale over his :
broad range of the universal ocean. !
Do not hastily pronounce the subject out of •
order or unprofitable, or unworthy of this high -
presence. The Phoenicians, the earliest mercan- ;
tile nation known to us, enriched themselves by i
selling the celebrated Tyrian dye, and glass made ,
of sand taken from the sea; and they acquired not >
only these sources of wealth, but the art of navi-
gation itself, in the practice of their humble calling ;
as fishermen. A thousand years ago, King Alfred
was laying the foundations of empire for Young !
England, as we are doing now for Young Am ex*- ,
ica. The monarch whom men justly have sur-
named the Wise as well as the Great, did not dis- 1
dain to listen toOcther,who related the adventures
of a voyage along the coast of Norway, " so far !
north as commonly the whale hunters used to j
travel;" nor was tfie stranger suffered to depart ■;
until he had submitted to the King " a most just 'j
survey and description" of the Northern Seas, ,
not only as they extended upwards to the North ,
Cape, but also as they declined downwards along i;
the southeast coast of Lapland, and so following H
the icy beach of Russia to where the river Dwina j,
discharged its waters into the White Sea, or, as !
it was then called, the Sea of Archangel. Per-;
haps my poor speech may end in some similar J
lesson." The incident I have related is the burden ;j
of the earliest historical notice of the subjugation !
of the monster of the seas to the uses of man. :l
The fishery was carried on then, and near six ;
hundred years afterwards, by the Basques, Bis- i
cayans, and Norwegians, for the food yielded by j
the tongue, and the oil obtained from the fat of1,
the animal. Whalebone entered into commerce
in the fifteenth century, and at first commanded
the enormous price of seven hundred pounds stei-
ling per ton, exceeding a value in this age of ten
: thousand dollars. Those were merry times, if not
! for science, at least for royalty, when, although
the material for stays and hoops were taken from
the mouth, the law appropriated the tail of every
whale taken by an English subject to the use of
the Queen, for the supply of the royal ward-
robe.
In 1486 the Portugese reached the Cape of
Storms, and, in happy augury of an ultimate pas-
sage to India, changed its ill-omened name to that
of Good Hope; and immediately thereafter the
States of Europe, especially England and Hol-
land, began that series of voyages, not even yet
! ended, in search of a passage to the East through
| the floating fields and mountains of ice in the
! Arctic ocean. The unsuccessful search disclosed
| the refuge of the whales in the bays and creeks of
I Spitzbergen. In 1575 a London merchant wrote
| to a foreign correspondent for advice and direction
i as to the course of killing the whale, and received
! instructions how to build and equip a vessel of
| two hundred tons, and to man it exclusively with
| experienced whale hunters of Biscay. Theattrac-
; tion of dominion was stronger in that age than the
| lust of piofit. The English now claim Spitz-
! bergen, and all its surrounding ice and waters, by
! discovery. The Dutch, with truth, alleged an
j earlier exploration, while the Danes claimed the
! whole region as a part of Greenland, a pretension
that could not then be disproved; and all these
! parties sent armed forces upon the fishing ground,
' less to protect their few fishermen, than to estab-
l lish exclusive rights there. After some fifty years,
! these nations discovered, first, that it was absurd
! to claim jurisdiction where no permanent posses-
sion could ever be established, by reason of the
rigors of climate; and secondly, that there were
fish enough and room enough for all competitors.
Thenceforward, the whale fishery in the Arctic
ocean has been free to all nations.
The Dutch perfected the harpoon, the reel, the
line, and the spear, as well as the art of using
them. And they established, also, the system
| which we have since found indispensable, of re-
; warding all the officers and crews employed in the
! fishery, not with direct wages or salaries, but
with shares in the spoils of the game, proportioned
to skill and experience. Combining with these
the advantages of favorable position, and of fru-
gality and perseverance quite proverbial, the
Dutch even founded a fishing settlement, called
Smeerenburgh, on the coast of Spitzbergen, within
eleven degrees of the North Pole, ana they took
whales in its vicinity m such abundance, that
ships were needed to go out in ballast to carry
home the surplus oil and bone above the capacity
of the whaling vessels. The whales thus origin-
ally attacked, again changed their lurking place,
Spitzbergen was abandoned by the fishermen, and
the very site of Smeerenburgh is now unknown.
In the year 1496, Sebastian Cabot, in the spirit of
that age, seeking a northwestern passage to the
Indies, gave to the world the discovery of Prima
Vista, or, as we call it, Newfoundland, and the
Basques,, Biscayans,Dutch,and English, immedi-
ately thereafter commenced the chase for whales
in the waters surrounding it.
Scarcely had the colonists of Massachusetts
planted themselves at Plymouth, before the ster-
ility of the soil  nd the rigor of the climate forced
them to resort to the sea to eke out their subsist-
ence. Pursuing the whales out from their own
bays, in vessels of only forty tons burden, they
appeared on the fishing ground off Newfoundland
in the year 3690. Profiting by nearness of posi-
tion and economy in building and equipping ships,
and sharing also in the bounties with which Eng-
land was then stimulating the whale fishery, they
soon excelled all their rivals on the Newfoundland
waters, as well as in Baffin's Bay and off the coast
of Greenland. Thus encouraged, they ran down
thecoastsof Americaand Africa,and in the waters
rolling between them they discovered the black
whale, a new and inferior species, yet worthy of
capture; and then stretching off toward the South
Pole, they found still another species, the sperm
whale, whose oil is still preferred above all other;
and thus they enlarged the whale fishery for the
benefit of the world, which since that time has
distinguished the two branches of that enterprise
