1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
geographically by the designation of the northern
and southern fisheries. In 1775 the fislleries were
carried on by the Americans, the English, the
Dutch, and the French. The French employed
oniy a small fleet, the Dutch a larger one of 129
sail. The English had only 96 ships, while the
Americans had 132 vessels in the southern fishery,
and 177 in the northern fishery, manned with
4,000 persons, and bringing in oil and whalebone
of the value of $1,111,000. This precociousness
of American naval enterprise elicited from Burke,
in his great speech for conciliation to the colonies,
a tribute familiar to our countrymen, and perhaps
the most glowing passage that even that great or-
ator ever wrote or spake:
"Look at the manner in which the people of New Eng-
land have of late earned on the whale fi«heiy. Whilst we
follow them among the tumbling mountains of ice, and be-
hold them penettatmg into the deepest recesses of Hudson's
Bay and Davis's Sliaits, whilst we are looking for them
beneath the Arcuc circle, we hear that they have pierced
into the opposite region of Polar cold—that they are at the
Antipodes, and engaged under the frozen serpent of the
South. Falkland Island, which seemed too remote and
romantic an object foi the gta>p of national ambition, ib
but a stage and lectins place in the piojrress of their vie-
tonotis industry. Nor is the Equatorial heat more dis-
couraging to them than the accumulated winter cf both the
Fol je>. We know that whilst some of them diaw the line
and strike the haipoon on the eoa^t of Afuca, others run
the longitude, and pursue their gigantic game along the
coa^t of Buizil. No ocean but what is vexed with their
fifhones, no climate that is not witness to their toils.
Nether the perseverance of Holland, nor the activity of
France, nor the deMerou^ and tirm sagacity of Enyh^ii en-
terprise, ever carried this perilous mode of hardy enter-
prise to the extent to winch it has been pushed by thi^
recent people—a people who are still, as it were, in the
giistle, and not yet hardened into the bone of manhood."
But Britain did not conciliate. The Revolution
went on, and the American whale fishery perished,
leaving not one vessel on either fishing ground.
Yet it is curious, Mr. President, to mark the
elasticity of our countrymen in this their favorite
enterprise. A provisional treaty of peace between
the United States and Great Britain was concluded
on the 30th of November, 1789. " On the 3d of
February, 1783," ([ read from an English paper
of that period,) " the ship Bedford, Captain
* Moores, belonging to Massachusetts, arrived in
* the Downs. She passed Gravesend on the 4th,
* and on the 6th was reported at the custom-house
* m London. She was not allowed regular entry
'until after some consultation between the Com-
4 missioners of Customs and the Lords of the
* Council, on account of the many acts of Parlia-
* ment yet in force against the rebels of America.
4 She was loaded with five hundred avid eighty-
'seven barrels of whale oil, and manned wholly
'with American seamen, and belonged to the
4 island of Nantucket. The vessel lay at the
* Iiorsley-Downs, a little below the Tower, and
* was the first which displayed the thirteen stripes
* of America, in any British port."
Nevertheless, the lost vantage ground was not
easily nor speed ily regained. The effort was made
against protection, against exclusion in foreign
markets, and against bounties by the English
Government equivalent to forty dollars per man
employed, or fifty per cent, on the value of every
cargo obtained—bounties not occasionally nor
irregularly offered, but continued from 1750 to
1824, and amounting in the aggregate to c£'3,000,000.
Nor was this all. These bounties, enhanced with
additional inducements, were offered to the Nan-
tucket fishermen on condition of their abandoning
their country and becoming inhabitants of the ad-
jacent Butish Colonies, or of the British Islands.
It seemed, indeed, that a crisis in this great na-
tional interest had come. Happily there was, on
the French side of the channel, at least, one un-
wearied friend of America, as there were many
watchful enemies of England. La Fayette wrote
several letters to Boston and arrested an immigra-
tion from Nantucket to the British Colonies and
Islands, already on the eve of embarkation, and
then addressed himself to the French monarch and
his court. France saw at once the danger of a
tn\nsfer of so great a number of seamen, together
with the very secret, art, and mystery of whale
hunting, to her hereditary and relentless enemy.
The good but ill-fated Louis X.VI. equipped six
whaling vessels, with American harpooners, on
his own account, and offered a bounty of nine dol-
lars per man, payable by the Royal Treasury, to
every American fisherman who should emigrate
to Fiance. In a whole year, only nine families
containing thirty-three persons, accepted this offer*
and therefore the King, in compliance with La
Fayette's first ad vice, adopted the expedient of dis-
criminating in favor of American cargoes of oil
and whalebone in the French market. The Amer-
ican whale fishery began to revive, and in 1787.
1788, and 1789, it employed an average of one
hundred and twenty-two \tessels. But it still la-
bored under the pressure of competition ,stimulated
by bounties both in England and in France. In
1790, the Great and General Council of Massa-
chusetts appealed to Congress for protection to
this great interest of that Commonwealth. Mr.
Jefferson, the Secretary of State, submitted an
elaborate reply, which, while it was liberal in its
spirit, nevertheless closed with the declaration,
that "the whale fishery was a branch of industry
4 so poor, as to come to nothing with distant na-
4 tions who did not support it from their treasuries;
4 that our position placed our fishing on ground
4 somewhat higher, such as to relieve the National
4 Treasury from giving it support, but not to per-
4 mit it to derive support from the fishery, nor to
'relieve the Government from the obligation to
' provide free markets for the productions of the
4 fishery, if possible."
The enterprise had not yet languished into life,
when the French Revolution of 1789 occurred,
which involved Europe,and ultimately the United
States, in wars that swept the latter, as well as the
French and Dutch, from all the fisheries, and left
them in the exclusive enjoyment of Britain, who
achieved m those wars her now established preemi-
nence as the conqueror of the seas. At their close
the British had 14C vessels in the northern whal-
ing ground, which captured no less than 133
whales, and thus obtained 13,590 tons of oil and
438 tons of whalebone; and 5G ships in the south-
ern whale fishery, equally successful. The Amer-
icans now reentered the game, and the tables were
speedily—and, as we think,permanently—turned
in their favor. In 1824, the British became dis-
couraged, and withdrew their bounties; and in
1842 they had no more than 18 vessels in the north
fishery, which captured only 24 whales. The
southern fishery declined still more rapidly; so
tha't, in 1845, not one British whaler appeared in
the South Seas. Since that time, all nations have
virtually abandoned this " hardy form of perilous
industry" in favor of the Americans. The entire
whaling fleet of the world, in 1847, consisted of
about 900 vessels, 40 of which belonged to France,
20 to Bremen and other ports in Northern Europe,
20 to New Holland and other British Polynesian
Colonies, and all others, more than 800 in number,
with a tonnnge of 240,000 tons, belonged to the
United States. Thecapital thus employed exceeded
$20,000,000 of dollars, and the annual productions
of the fisheries amounted to $13,000,000. With
the decline of this enterprise m Great Britain, her
commercial writers began to discountenance whale
fishing altogether; ana while they now represent
it as a new gambling adventure, they endeavor to
stimulate the people of continental Europe to sub-
stitute vegetable oils for those procured m the seas.
Mr. President, pray consider the cost, time,
dangers, and hazard of the whale fishery. Each
vesssel with its outfit is worth $30,000, and carries
thirty able-bodied seamen, and is afloat on a sin-
gle voyage one or two, perhaps three years. It
finds the whale never below the sixtieth degree
of latitude, and can remain there oniy during the
brief polar summer of three months. The whole
time may elapse without a whale being seen.
When discovered, eveiy stage of his capture
is toilsome, and attended with multiplied dan-
gers to the assailants, increased by the shoals, the
ice, the storms, and the fogs, which protect the
animal against his pursuers. The statistics are
absolutely frightful to a landsman or a common
seaman. In 1810, of sixty-three British ships
sent to Davis's Straits, ten were lost. In 1821,
out of sixty-nine, eleven were lost. Of eighty-
seven ships that sailed for Davis's Straits in 1830,
no less than eighteen were lost, twenty-four re-
turned clean, while not one of the remainder had
a full cargo, and only one or two half faked.
Pray consider now, sir, that the great triumph
of the American fishermen was achieved, and is
still sustained, not only without airl from the Gov-
ernment, but practically also without aid from the
capital or enterprise of general commerce, and,
indeed, to quote the nervous language of Jeffer-
son, 4< with no auxiliaries but poverty and rigor-
ous economy." The whaling fleet of the United
States, in 1846, consisted of seven hundred and
thirty-seven vessels. Of the thirty States, only
five,New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
Massachusetts, and New York, were represented;
and all of them except New York are the States
least blest in fertility and climate. New Hamp-
shire having only a single poi t, sent out only one
vessel. Rhode Island, one of the three most di-
!: minutive States, equipped fifty-two. Connecticut,
j| a small State, sent out one hundred and twenty-
;j four. New York, with her extended territory,
|j vast wealth, and stupendous commercial establish-
j1 ments, sent only eighty-five; and all the rest pro-
jj ceeded from that State, inferior to many others in
ij extent, wealth, and commerce, but superior to
;j them all m intellectual and social development—
j; Massachusetts.
j| Wealth does nothing, patronage does nothing,
'■ j while vigor does everything for the whale fishery,
j] In Great Britain, London resigned it in favor of
those poor and obsolete towns, Hull, in England,
l and Peterhead, in Scotland, as soon as the Gov-
j! ernment bounties ceased. So of the eighty-five
b vessels which, in 184G, represented New York in
; the fishery, only one went up from the port ofNew
ij York, the commercial capital of the State and of
j the continent, while no less than eight proceeded
I from Cold Spring, a mere nook in the mountains
I which crowd toward each other just above the
city, as if to prevent the waters of the Hudson
' from their destined meeting with the tides of the
| ocean. All the others were sent forth from New
I Suffolk, Greenport, and Sag Harbor, inconsider-
| able villages or hamlets on the outward coast of
*.Long Island. Massachusetts exhibits the same
| case. Boston finds more lucrative employment
! for her capital m spindles, in railroads, and even
; m her fields of ice and quarries of granite; and so
( leaves the profits and toils of the whale fishery to
! Freetown, Falmouth, Sippican, Wareham, Ply-
mouth, Holmes's Hole, Fall River, Provmcetown,
Fairhavcn, New Bedford, and Nantucket, towns
which, but for their pursuit of the whale fishery,
would scarcely have been honored with designa-
tion on the chart, or names in the gazetteer. Most
wondrous of all, Nantucket is a sandy island,
fifteen miles long, and three miles broad, capable
of maintaining by agriculture only one hundred
persons, and yet it was the cradle of the whale
fishery; and neither any town in America, nor in
England, nor even in France, has ever success-
fully established, or at all maintained, the whale
fishery without drawing, not merely its knowl-
edge of whale-hunting, but the officers and crewa
of its vessels, chiefly from that sandy shoal thus
rising above the surface of the sea.
Need I dwell here on the whale fishery as a
source of national wealth, and an element of na-
tional force and strength ? The number of those
who are actively afloat in the pursuit ranges from
15,000 to 20,000, while twenty times that greater
number of persons are indirectly engaged in the
culture of hemp and the manufacture of cordage,
the building of ships, furnishing their supplies,
manufacturing and preparing the oil and whale-
bone, m sending them to market, and in the vari-
ous other occupations incidentally connected with
the trade. The wealth thus acquired leaves all the
resources of the country untouched. Dr. Frank-
lin cheered the fishermen of his day with the ap-
ophthegm that whosover took a fish out of the sea
always found a piece of silver in his mouth, and
our experience has confirmed its truth, although
it is now rejected by the commercial writers of
England.
We are the second in rank among commercial
nations. Our superiority over so many results
from our greater skill in ship-building, and our
greater dexterity in navigation, and our greater
frugality at sea. These elements were developed
in the fisheries, and especially in the northern
fishery. We think that we are inferior to no na-
tion in naval warfare. The seamen who have won
our brilliant victories on the ocean, and on the
lakes, were trained and disciplined in this, the
severest of all marine service; and our naval his-
torians agree that it constituted the elementary
school of all our nautical science. What, then,
would compensate us for the loss or for the decline
of the whale fishery?
Mr. President, I have tried to win the favor of
the Senate toward the national whale fishery for
a purpose. The whales have found a_new retreat
in the seas of Ochotsk and Anadir, south of Behr-
