1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
Mr. BORLAND. I would say to the Senator
that such is not ray understanding of the pro-
visions of the bill. 1 understand it to apply from
the passage of the act. That is the view of the
committee. It does not grant a thirty years' pen-
sion .
Mr. DAWSON. 1 think that the construction
of the bill is contrary to that given by the Senator
from Arkansas. I think it gives a pension for
thirty years- I move to lay it upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM IN NEW MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion ,
submitted bv Mr. Butler, on the 2d instant, to ,
reconsider the vote referring to the Committee on i
the Judiciary the bill to anient} the act entitled !
" An act proposing to the State of Texas tlu- es- j
tabiishment of her northern and western bounda- j
ries, the relinquishment by said State of all terri-
tory claimed by her exterior to said boundaries,
and of all her claims upon the United States, and
to establish a territorial government for the terri-
tory of New Mexico," approved September 9,
1850; and the motion was agreed to.
Ordered, That the bill be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. DOWNS. I move to postpone the prior
special orders, in order to take up the bill for the
relief of William Darby.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
"Whole.
It provides that there shall be paid to William
Darby the sum of $1,560, in full compensation for
labor and materials furnished m surveying and
making a map of the Territory of Louisiana in
the years 1812 and 1813.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 wish to state very briefly to
the Senate the merits of this bill. It was intro-
duced during the last Congress, and referred to a
select committee, as it could not be referred to any
of the standing committees with propriety. The
present Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Corwm)
was chairman of that select committee. A favora-
ble report was made, and the bill passed the Sen-
ate, but failed in the House of Representatives, as
many private bills did. It proposes compensation
for very important services rendered by this dis-
tinguished geographer, William Darby, at an early
day in exploring what was then anew country,
now Louisiana and Arkansas. For that service he
contended, and the committee considered, that, he
was entitled to this very moderate and reasonable
compensation. I hope, therefore, that there will
be no objection to the bill.
A committee reported a much larger sum for
services of less value formerly; and this bill was
not seriously opposed before. It then passed the
Senate, and I hope it will pass again without op-
position. Mr. Darby is now a very old man,
maintaining himself by his own labor in a subor-
dinate office under the Government.
The PRESIDENT interposed, and the honor-
able Senator yielded the floor, it being understood
that the distinguished guest of the Senate was
abOntmot"onrby Mr. DOWNS, the bill was laid
on the table.
.* RECEPTION OF LOUIS KOSSUTH.
At one o'clock the doors of the Senate Chamber
were thrown open, and Governor Kossuth, sup- ,
ported by the committee appointed by the Senate j
to introduce him, the Hon. James Shields, the ,
Hon. Wm. H. Seward, and the Hon. Lewis >
Ciss, entered and advanced within the bar, the j
Senate rising to receive them.
The suite of Governor Kossuth, m military uni-
forms, were grouped below the bar. ■
Mr. SHIELDS addressed the President, as tol-
10 "Mr. President, we have the honor to introduce
Louis Kossuth to the Senate of theUmted States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then addressed
k'^Loufs Koss'uth, I welcome you to the Senate of
the United States. The committee will conduct
you to the seat which I have caused to be prepared
f01He°wal then conducted to a clmir in front of the
President's desk, and seated with the Committee
MANGUM rose some time afterwards and
said: Mr, President, with a view of affording Sen-
ators an opportunity of paying their respects to
our illustrious guest, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT then descended to the floor
of the Senate, and was introduced to Governor
Kossuth by the committee. The other Senators
were also severally introduced: after which gen-
tlemen and ladies present in great numbers sought
the same gratification. Amongst the incidents of
the levee, it may be mentioned that when the mar-
tial figure of General Houston approached Kossuth,
there appeared to be a special attraction in the per-
son of the hero of San Jacinto. The introduction
having been made, the following brief but expres-
sive dialogue ensued:
Mr. HOUSTON. Sir,you are welcome to the
Senate of the United States.
M. KOSSUTH. I can only wish I had been
as successful as you, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. God grant that you may
; yet be so. )\
1 Subsequently the distinguished stranger was
conducted to the Vice President's room, to which
the President pro tem. and Senators retired with
him.
Senate Chamber, January 2, 1852.
To the Editor of the Congressional Globe:
Deak Sir : You will find me reported, in the proceedings
of the Senate to-dav, as voting a?amst laying the memorial
of "Tim fndustrial Congress of the city of New York"
upon the table. I write this by way of explanation, le&ttlio
mere vote, without remark, may be misunderstood. I voted
against laying the memorial on the table, and would have
voted for its reference to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, not that I favor the views or wishes of thememoual-
ists, but because 1 regard this movement ot theirs as one of
a scries which is now in rapid progress ot development,
the effect of which, if favored by Congress, is to involve us
in the political affaiis of other countiies, in a way and to an
extent not intended or recognized by the Constitution, and
which, iu mv opinion, can end only 111 changing the char-
acter of our Government, and bringing runt upon our coun-
try. Such movements, threatening, as I believe, great evil
to the country, should be met and arrested (so tai as Con-
gress may be able to arrest them) at the threshold. 1 o give
them the go-by, by laying the pioposition to consider them
upon the table, is, in my opinion, but to cover the flame at
a Mnrfe point of its exhibition, with the ceitum effect ot
stimulating and encouraging the efforts of those whose
vocation seems to be to pile fuel upon the fires of its source.
I am for meeting the evil at once, by referring its consider-
ation to an appropriate committee, and, when their report
Khould be brought in, by expressing the sense of the Sen-
ate, by an emphatic vote, upon the merits of the whole
am one of tho*e who believe that our Government was
formed, and we, the representatives of those who
i were *ent here foi the sole and exclusive purpose ot legis-
lating for the promotion of American interests 1 mitt no
authority in the Constitution under which T hold my seat
1 here, and which alone prescribes and limits my duties and
nowers to do anything else; and in the teachings and ad-
fnomuo'iis of the « Father of Ms Country," and 01 .hose
,visc men who cooperated with him 111 framing and admin-
istering the Government, I find the highest and strongest
considerations, if additional ones were needed, for keeping
within these well-defined and sacred limits.
As individual., we may righfullv sympathize with whom
we please; and I would remove every legal barrier which
now prevents the citizens of our country, as
from manifesting any sympathy they may fee'J?r 1,3
or anv cause, by deeds as well as words. But a  public
functionaries, deriving all our duties and powers
exclusively from the Constitution, which we have sworn to
support, I hold that American interests and American citi-
zens alone can claim our official inteiterence and prolee-
tion When we undertake to go beyond these limits, in my
onniioii^ve usurp powers which were never conteiredupon
I and enter upon a career which can end only 111 rum to
fi ' „ whose interests we were appointed to take care oi.
I hoDe and doubt not, an opportunity will soon occur
vvl e TehTtion a° f have indicated may be taken upon
this general subject. Then I shall de"
to give at length mv reasons for it. For the present1 a
sir! only that this brief expression of opinion mas go tci he
imblie "dlon" with the vote it is intended to explain. Uo me
the favoi, theiefore, to let this appear >n the same number
of VOI11 paper with this day's proceedings ot the {senate,
and oblige yours,
Verv respectfully and truly,
yOLOiV BORLAND. 0/ Arkansas.
P. S. I am authorized to say that other Senators who
voted as I did were influenced by similar considerat
with those wluch governed my vote.
' cause such arrangements to be tftade in the inte-
' rior of the Hall as may be necessary. for the
' general health of the members.The Speaker
has looked into the matter, and is at a loss to
determine what can be done to increase the com-
fort of the members in that portion of the Hall.
Upon consulting those members, however, there
seems to be a general concurrence of opinion, that
nothing codld improve their condition so much as
to have another assistant doorkeeper appointed to
guard the door to the Gallery m that quarter.
The Chair does not feel at liberty to authorize the
appointment of that assistant doorkeeper or mes-
senger, without the consent of the House. . It
will, therefore, be for the House 10 determine
whether an additional messenger shall b.e appointed
or not. The Chair is assured by gentlemen in
that quarter of the Hall, that such an appointment
would greatly improve their condition; and he
asks to be instructed upon that point.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I presume there
will be 110 objection.
There was r.o objection; and an assistant to the
Doorkeeper will be appointed.
TH« RECEPTION OF LOUIS KOSSUTH.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, in order to enable me to offer
the following resolution. I have simply to say, that
if we seek to do respect to the distinguished nian
named in that resolution, we must do it between
this and Friday, for upon that day he is to leave
this city.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
"Resolved, That a committee of five be nppotnted by the
Speaker to wait upon TjOuis Kossuth] and introduce him
to the House of Representatives."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
\ yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
! rules. . .
I Mr. STUART. For the purpose of obviating
! a difficulty, which suggests itself to the minds of
1 some of the members, I propose to offer an amend-
ment, which I desire to have read; and which 1
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 3852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal was read and approved.
THE COMFORT OF THE MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. Some days ago a resolution ,j
was adopted by the House of EerreBentatir™, j
" that the Speaker of the House be authorized to li
" ■ tllVti *■ " V ^
ask the mover of the resolution to accept.
The SPEA.KER. It is not in order to discuss
the resolution, until it is before the House. The
amendment can only be offered by unanimous con-
sent. . . ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. HEBARD moved that the House proceed
to the call of the States for resolutions.
The SPEAKER. That motion is m order.
But the motion offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to suspend the rules, is
also in order, and takes precedence; and upon that
1 motion there can be no debate.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr STUART. I am sure no gentleman will
object to the reading of the amendment which I
propose to offer. I only desire to have it read for
information. . t. - ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do object, and
I would state the reasons for my objection if the
Chair would give me leave.
Mr. STUART. Well, I have the right to pro-
pound the inquiry to the gentleman who offered
the resolution, in oTder  ...
The SPEAKER. No discussion is m order.
There is no motion before the House which can
be acted upon, except the motion to suspend the
rules; and not until the rules are suspended can
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] offer
his amendment.
Mr. STUART called for the'reading of the ori-
ginal resolution. , , -...
Mr CARTTER. I hope the modification will
I also be read, so that gentlemen may understand
i what it is. .
Cries of "Read it!" "Read it!
Mr. STEPHENS. I will withdraw my objec-
tion, as gentlemen around me are desirous of hear-
ing the resolution read.
The proposed amendment was then read, as tol-
lows: .
And that the chairman of that committee introduce mm
in tlieso word:-: "We introduce Louis Kossuth to the House
of Representatives of the United Slates.'' Upon winch the
member* arc recommended to rise; and the Speaker will
invite him to be seated.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
117, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis fH?", AIMon,
Andrews, John Appleton, Bat*<*£>.BwUl"jJeS5kSw«'
ISowne, Brcckenridge, Brentnn, Bnggs, line", Bnrr ,
Busby, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Caskie, Chapman, uiastain,
