1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
ing Straits, and in that part of the Arctic ocean j
lying north of them. In 1848, Captain Roys, in j
the whale ship Superior, passed through those ,
seas and through the straits, braving the penis of
a.11 unknown way and an inhospitable climate. He ;
filled his ship in a few weeks, and the news of his
success went abroad. In 1849, a fleet of 154 sail
went up to this* new fishing-ground; in 185G,afieet j
of 144; and in 1851, a fleet of 145. The vessels were j
manned with thirty persons each; and their value, |
including that of the average annual cargoes pro- !
cured there, was equal to §9,000,000, and thus ex- >
ceeded by near $2,000,000 the highest annual import |
from China. But these fleets have been besetbynot ;
only such dangers of their calling as customarily i
occur on well-explored fi.shinggrounds,butoUo by ;
the multiplied dangers of shipwreck resulting from |
the want of accurate topographical knowledge— 1
the only charts of these seas being imperfect and |
unsatisfactory. While many and deplorable losses
were sustained by the fleets of 1849-'50, we have ;
already information of the loss of eleven vessels, f
one thirteenth part of the whole ileet of 1851, j
many of which disasters might have been avoided i
had there been char's, accurately indicating the I
shoals and headlands, and also places of sheltered
anchorage near them. These facts are represent- i
ed to us by the merchants, ship-owners and under- !
writers, and are confirmed by Lieutenant Maury, 1
who presides in this department of science m the 1
Navy as well as in the labors and studies of the Na- I
tional Observatory. We want, then, not bounties,
nor protection, nor even an accurate survey, but
simply an exploration and reconnoissance of these
seas, which have so recently become the theater
of profitable adventure and 6rove achievement of
our whale hunters. This service can be per- ;
formed by ofticcrs and crews now belonging to j
the Navy, in two or three vessels which already j
belong or may be added to it, and would continue i
at most only throughout two or three years. 1
Happily, the measure involves nothing new, un-
tried, or uncommon. To say nothing of our re- j
cent search for the lamented Sir John Franklin, i
nor of our great exploring expedition under Cap- ;
tain Wilkes, we are already engaged in tnatigu- j
latingacoast sui vey of the Atlantic shore. Charts, !
light-houses, and beacons, show the pilot his way, ■
not only over that ocean and among its islands, but |
along all our rivers and even upon our inland '
lakes. The absence of similar guides and bea-
cons in the waters now in question results from
the fact that the Pacific coast has but recently
fallen under our sway, and Behring's Straits and
the seas they connect have not until now been
frequently navigated by the seamen of any na-
tion. Certainly somebody must do this service.
But who will? The whalers cannot. No foreign
nation will, for none is interested. The constitu-
tional power and responsibility rests with the Fed-
eral Government, and its means are adequate.
California is near this fishing ground. Her en-
terprising citizens are already engaged in this pur-
suit, and henceforward the whale hunters of Nan-
tucket must compete with a new rival possessing
the advantage of nearness to the scenes of their
labors. California, therefore, joins Massachusetts
in this reasonable demand.
Mr. President, the small exploring fleet thus
proposed would be obliged to quit the Northern
seas early in September, and could not return to
' them until the succeeding June. I propose that it
should spend that long season in performing a ser-
vice not dissimilar under milder skies, in that part
of the Pacific ocean and its adjoining seas, which
is usually traversed by vessels sailing from New
York and San Francisco to China and the Indies.
Remember, sir, if you please, that not only has
no Asiatic prince, merchant, or navigator ever ex-
plored this one of all the oceans the broadest and
most crowded and crowned with islands, but
that they have forbidden that expioration by Eu-
ropean navigators, who have performed whatever
has been done at the peril and often at the cost of
imprisonment and death. We have made no ac-
curate survey, for we have only just now arrived
and taken our stand on the Pacific coast. We are
new on that ocean—nay, we are only as of yester-
day upon this continent; and yet maps and charts
are as necessary to the sea-faring man on that
ocean as on any other, and just as necessary on
every ocean as monuments and guides are to him
who traverses deserts of sand or wasts of track-
Lieutenant Maury informs us that every navi-
gator of those wateis is painfully impressed with
a sense of surrounding dangers—they exist, and
yet the only charts that have been made fail to in-
dicate in what forms or in what places they will
appear. So imperfect is our topographical inform-
ation, that a large island called Ousima, supposed
to be thickly inhabited and highly cultivated, lies
in the fair way to China, and yet no vessel has
ever touched or gone around it. It would repay
tenfold the cost of the whole exploration, if we
should find on that island a good harbor and a
friendly people.* Horbergh's charts of these pas-
sages, are the best. But these are of old dates,
and although they have been corrected from time
to time, yet they are very imperfect. The shoals
in the China Sea, the Sea of Japan, and the Straits
of Gaspar, are represented to us by navigators, as
being formed of coral, a mixture of animal and
vegetable organization, and therefore increasing
rapidly in magnitude as they approach near to the
surface of the waters. It is particularly necessary
to explore and note the shoals and islands lying
between the coast of Palawan, on the China Sea,
and that of Cochin China, and also the shoals in
the vicinity of West London, Prince of Wales,
and Paulo Sapata Islands. The perils existing
there oblige ships going tip and coming down
through those seas against the monsoons, to beat
at disadvantage, whilean exploration would prob-
ably disclose eddies and currents which would al-
low of straight courses where now no one dare
pursue them. Clement's Strait and the Cara-
niata Passage are filled with the same dangers.
Again, the great outlet from the China sea into
the Pacific ocean, by the Bailee, and adjacent pas-
sages between the islands of Luconia and the coasts
of"China and Formosa, need to be surveyed, al-
though the islands are generally well designated
on the maps. Then proceeding northwardly, a
regard to the safety of the whaleman demands that
the islands between the coasts of China and Japan,
and from them to the Loo Choo Islands, and so on
to the Russian possessions, and along them east-
wardly to Behring's Straits, should be surveyed.
The last attempt to perform that duty was made
by a small Russian fleet, which was captured and
destroyed, while itsofliceis and crew were impris-
oned by the Japanese. Lastly, as we advance
eastwardiy in the very track pursued by our
whalers and China men, we encounter islands,
and many shoals imperfectly defined, and espe-
cially the Bonin Islands; while prudence requires
a careful reconnoissance also of the Fox Islands,
which, although lying somewhat northwardly of
the passage, might, if well known, afford shelter
in case of inclement weather. This reconnois-
sance m a temperate latitude is demanded by the
merchants, underwriters, and navigators, in all
our Atlantic as well as in our two Pacific ports,
and the argument for it rests on the same founda-
tion with that which supports the proposition for
the more northwardly exploration. Sir, the mails
and a certain class of passengeis will be carricd
by us, or by the English steamers, from Califor-
nia. And the Chinese port is Shanghai. And
yet for want*of such a survey as this, you cannot
choose or establish a coaling station, although the
length of the voyage is seven thousand miles.
Sir, have you looked recently at the China
trade > It reaches already seven millions in value
annually. Haveyou watched the California trade r
Its exports in bullion alone already exceeds
$50,009,000 annually, and as yet, the mineral de-
velopment of that State has only begun. The set-
tlement of the Pacific coast is m a state of sheer
infancy. There is, speaking idatively, neither
capital nor labor there adequateto exhibit the forces
of industry that might be employed in that won-
derful region. Nor is California yet conveniently
accessible. The railway across Panama is not yet
completed. The passage through Nicaragua is not
perfect; that which leads through Tehuantepec is
not begun; nor have we yet extended, even so far as
to the Mississippi, the most important and necessa-
ry one of them all, the railroad across our own
country to San Francisco. The emigrant to the
Atlantic coast arrives speedily and cheaply from
whatever quarter of the world; while he who
would seek the Pacific shore, encounters charges
* Witlnii the last year the ".Teuincm, an Araencan ehip,
valued with her cargo at lost in the Straits of
Gaspar.
and delays which few can sustain. Nevertheless,
the commercial, social, and political movements of
the world aie now in the direction of California.
Separated as it is from us by foreign lands, or more
impassable mountains, we are establishing there a
custom-house, a mint, a dry-dock, Indian agen-
cies, and ordinary and extraordinary tribunals of
justice. Without waiting for perfect or safe chan-
nels, a strong and steady stream of emigration
flows thither from every State and every district
eastward of the Rocky Mountains. Similar torrents
of emigration are pouring into California and Aus-
tralia from the South American States, from Eu-
rope, and from Asia. This movement is not a sud-
den, or accidentcd, or irregular, or convulsive one;
but it is one for which men and nature have been
preparingthrough near fourhundred years. During
all that time merchants and princes have been seek-
ing how they could reach cheaply and expeditious-
ly, "Cathay," "China," " the East," that inter-
course and commerce might be established between
its ancient nations and the newer ones of the West.
To these objects Da Grama, Columbus, Americas,
Cabot, Hudson, and other navigators, devoted
their talents, their labors, and their lives. Even
the discovery of this continent and its islands, and
the organization of society and government upon
them, grand and important as those events have
been, were but conditional, preliminary, and ancil-
lary to the more sublime result, now in the act of
consummation—the reunion of the two civilizations,
which, having parted on the plains of Asia four
thousand years ago, and having traveled ever after-
wards in opposite directions around the world, now
meet again on the coasts and islands of the Pacific
ocean. Certainly no mere human event of equal
dignity and importance has ever occurred upon
the earth. It will be followed by the equalization
of the condition of society and the restoration of
the unity of the human family. We see plainly
enough why this event could not have come be-
fore, and why it has come now. A certain amount
of human freedom, a certain amount of human in-
telligence, a certain extent of human control over
the physical obstacles to such a reunion, were
necessary. All these conditions have happened and
concurred. Liberty has developed under improved
forms of government, and science has subjected
Nature in Western Europe and in America. Nav-
igation, improved by steam, enables men to out-
strip the winds, and intelligence conveyed by
electricity excels in velocity the light. With these
favoring circumstances there has come also a sud-
den abundance of gold, that largely relieves labor
from its long subjection to realized capital. Sir,
this movement is no delusion. It will no more
Mop than the emigration from Europe to our own
Atlantic shores has stopped, or can stop, while
labor ia worth there twenty cents and here fifty
cents a day. Emigration from China cannot stop
while labor is worth in California ^5 a day, and
in the West Indies $10 a month, and yet is worth
in China only §5 for that period. Accordingly we
have seen sixty-seven ships filled, in three months
of the present year, with seventeen thousand em-
igrants in the poits of Hons: Kong, Macao, and
Whampao, and afterwards discharge them on the
shores of California, and of Cuba, and other
islands of the West Indies.
Sir, have you considered the basis of this move-
ment, that this country and Australia are capable
of sustaining, and need for their development, five
hundred millions, while their population is con-
fined to fifty millions, and yet that Asia has two
hundred millions of excess? As for those who
doubt that tins great, movement will quicken ac-
tivity and create Vcaith and power in California
and Oregon, I leave them to consider what changes
the movements, simitar m nature but inferior in
force and slower in effect, have produced already
on the Atlantic coast of Amcnca. As to those
who cannot see how tins movement will improve
the condition of Asia, I leave them to reflect upon
the improvements in the condition of Europe since
the discovery and colonization of America. Who
does not see, then, that every year heieafter, Eu-
ropean commerce, European politics, European
thoughts, and European activity, although actu-
ally gaining greater force, and European connec-
tions, although actually becoming more intimate,
will, nevertheless, ultimately sink in importance;
while the Pacific ocean, its shores, its islands, and
the vast regions beyond, will become the chief
theater of events in the world's great Hereafter?
