200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Conger, Cottman, Curtis, Geo.
T. Davis, John G Davis, Dawfton, Dean, BimmicK, Disney,
Doty, Dmiham. Eastman, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence,
Fowlei, Henrv AI. Fuller, GayJord,.Gentry, Giddjngs, Gil-
ibote. Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grow, Hart, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Howard, John W. Howe, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Ives, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones* J. Giancy Jones,
Preston King, Kuhns, Kuitz, Letcher, Mace, Mann, Ed-
ward C. Marshall, Mason, McIVair, IVJeade, Miller, Miner,
Molony, John Moore, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds,
Peasiee, Penn,*Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Price, Rantoul,
Richardson, Robbing, Robie, Robinson, Scuddcr, David L.
Seymour.* Ongen S- Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Snow,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, George W.
Thompson2 Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge.
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Wells, Addison White, aua
Yates—117.
NAYS—Messrs*. A"bercrombie, Aiken, William Apple-
ton, A^he, Averett, Thomas fl. Bayly, Barrere, Bocock,
John H. Boyd, Albert G. Jirown, Caldwell, Lewis I).
Campbell, Church well, Cobb, Cutlom, Edimmdson, Ewing,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G.'Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Haven, Hillyer, Ilolladay, Houston, Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, Landiy,
Humphrey Marshall, Mai tin, McMuIlin, JVhiison, Henry
s D. Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Oir, Outlaw, Powell,
Savage, Smith, Stanly, Alexander II. Stephens, TayJoi,
Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Alexander White, and Wil-
liams—51.
Previous to the announcement of the above
result,
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE said: I have reached
this Hall, after some three or four days of absence
by reason of sickness. I am exceedingly anxious
to record my vote upon this question in the affirm-
ative, and I ask leave to do so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman cannot record his vote.
So the rules were suspended, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Catittkr] had leave to introduce
his resolution, above referred to.
Mr. CARTTER. Upon that resolution I move
the previous question.
Cries of "Good!" "Good!"
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BOBBINS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Cries of "Read the resolution!" "Read the reso-
lution!"
The resolution was accordingly read, as above
reported.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 123, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
Andrews, John Appleton, Babcock, Bartleu, Beale, Bell,
Bowne, Brcckcmidgc, Brenton, Briggs, Bueli, Burrow*.,
Busby, Joseph Cable, Canter, Caskie, Chapman, Ciiastain.
Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Conger. Cottman, Cum*',
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dnn-
lmek, Disney, Doty, DuTkham, Eastman, Faulknei,'Fick-
lin, Florence. Fowler, Heniv M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gavlord, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Coodenow,
Gorman, Green, Grow, Hart, Ilaseall, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Howard, John XV. Howe, Thoma.n M. Howe,
Hutiter, Jngersoii, Jves, John Johnson, Dame] T. Jones, J.
Giancy Jone*, 1'ieston King, Kuhn<>, Kurtz. Letchei. Lock-
halt, Mace, Mann, Ednaid C. Ma^hall, Mason, McNmr,
Meade, Miller, Miner, Molony, John Moore. ? Iurrav, Na-
bers, Newton, Old5, Peasiee, Penn, Penniman, Perkins,
Polk, I'oiter, Price, Kantoul, Richardson, Robbins, Kobie,
Robinson, Schcrrneihoin, Scudder, David h. Se\mour,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid II. Stanton. Abra-
ham P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton. Stuart, Sutherland,
SweeNer, Benjamin Thompson. Geoige W. Thompvm,
Thurston, Townshend, Tuck. Walbridse, Walsh. Ward,
Washbuin, Wells, Addison White, and Yates—123.
NAYS—Mes>r«. Abercrombie, Aiken, William Apple-
ton, A«lic, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly. Barrere, Bocock,
AlbeitG. Brown, E. Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, ChurchweJI, Cobb, Cullom, Ednmndson,
Ewing, Hall, Hamilton. Hammond, Harper, Isham G. lim-
ns, Sampson W. Harris, Ilaven, Hebard, Hillver. Holla-
day, Houston, Jaek&on. Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson. George W. Jones. Landry. Humphrey
Marshall, Martin, McMullen, MilKon. Henrv'I). Moore,
Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Outlaw, Powell, Savace, Scnrrv,
Smith. Stanlv, Alexander H. Stephens, Ta\]oi% Venal*!*,
Wallace, YVatkme, Alexander White, and Williams—f>-l.
So the resolution was adopted, and m pursuance
thereof
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Caiu'Ter,
Clingmaxt, Gestiu, Stanton of Kentucky, and
Pe\slee, to constitute the committee.
Mr. OARTTER rose to a privileged question
and moved to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was passed, and to lav the motion of
reconsideration upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
THE DOCTRINE OF NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution; which was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives deelines
at this time to express an opinion on the subject of the fu-
ture intervention or non-intervention of the United States
in the affairs of other nations, believing, as it now declares,
tliat no case has yet arisen which requires such expies&ion.
Mr. JOHN W. HOW £ objected.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved the sus-
pension of the rules; and upon that motion called
for the yeas and nays, which were not ordered.
Tellers were then demanded, but refused.
The question being taken, the House refused to
suspend the rules.
GRANTS OF LAND.
Mr. SIBLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting the right of way and making a
donation of public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the falls of the St. Louis
river to St. Paul, on the Mississippi river; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. S. moved its reference to the Committee
on Territories; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALL moved the reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. He had tried
to get the ear of the Speaker before the question
was taken upon the reference, but failed.
Mr. SIBLEY. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. SIBLEY. I do not wish to detain the
House at this period with remarks of any length,
on the motion juat made by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands to refer this bill to
that committee. We have a standing committee
of this House, whose business it is to attend par-
ticularly to thelegislation for the Territories. Now,
this bill is proposed to be taken from the committee
to which 1 believe it properly belongs, and to be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, where,
to a certainty, it will be served exactly as bills re-
ferred to that committee at the last session. Ter-
ritorial bills always came in at the heel of the
session, for the reason that the States have the
preference. We ha\e a standing committee with
special reference to territorial legislation, and I
hopethis House will not, under any circumstancs,
agree in the motion just submitted by the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, and trust that
they will adhere to their decision that this bill go
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HALL. It is very true there is a com-
mittee of this House whose appropriate duty it is
to take charge of the business of the Territories;
but it is equally true that there is another com-
mittee of this House whose duty it is to adminis-
ter the public domain. The Committee on Public-
Lands is the one. I believe that this bill proposes
to make a grant of public lands for the purpose of
' aiding in the construction of railroads. Bills
making grants for such works, and other internal
improvements, have uniformly gone to that com-
mittee. We have before that committee now a
( great many bills upon this subject, coming from
' all parts of the country; and the committee are
endeavoring to fix upon some principle which
shall guide their actions upon all of them. I
think it a matter of great importance,in orderthat
justice may be done to every portion of the Union
in reference to the subjects of these bills—the
granting of public land to aid in the construction
of works of internal improvement—that all of
them should be referred to the same committee, if
it be believed by this House that the Committee
on Public Lands is not competent to discharge its
duties, I trust the bills upon this subject will be
taken from them and referred to che Committee
on Territories. Now, as to the remark of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] that
this bill if leferred to the Committee on Public
Lands will never be heard of, I think it is entirely
gratuitous. I believe that that committee are dis-
posed—nay more, determined, in regard to this
and all other subjects that may be referred to
them, to report for or against. Now, the gentle-
man 's bill, he may rest assured, will be reported
upon time enough for the action of this Congress.
Mr. SIBLEY. I beg to say to the gentleman,
I had not the least idea of imputing any neglect
of duty, or any want of attention by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to the business that may
come before them. The practice of this House
has uniformly shown, that whenever territorial
questions were referred to committees, they had
to yield to those from States. In all questions
th^Lt come before them—the Committee on Public
Lands, as well as the other committees—the States
have the preference.
Mr. HALL. I cannot understand the force of
the objection made by the ■ gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Sibley.] He says that his experi-
ence is, that all committees have given the prefer-
ence to subjects from States over those from the
Territories. Well, I suppose if this matter goes
to the Committee on Territories, it will be treated
just as it would be by the Committee on Public
Lands. I will assure the gentleman that he need
not be afraid of the non-action of the Committee
on Public Lands. I am certain that it will act at
the earliest practical period in regard t,o this mat-
ter, and all similar bills that may be committed to
its charge. My desire is, that all these bills may
go to the same committee, as they involve the
same principle. They may be considered togeth-
er, and repoi ted to the House, so that a like action
may be had in regard to all of them. There is
another thing the gentleman knows well: that it
is the practice of tlie House of Representatives to
set aside three days each session for the consid-
eration of territorial business. He need not be
uneasy that this or the other territorial bills will
be neglected, as they will come up as territorial
business, and then will be determined upon by
the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to ask a question of the
chaii man of the Committee on Public Lands—
whether, last Congress, a bill providing for a do-
nation of public lands to the Territory of Minne-
sota did not come into the House on the day set
apart for territorial business, and under the rules
of the House was not acted upon, because it was
not considered strictly territorial business?
Mr. HALL. I do not remember the case. The
decision of the House then was right. This is
not strictly of a territorial character, and ought
not to go to the Committee on Territories: and if
it is not territorial in its character, the motion of
the gentleman is improper.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the ques-
tion before the House is the reference of a bill
granting a donation of land to the Territory of
Minnesota to aid in the construction of a railroad.
I believe, according to the uniform practice of the
House, this subject properly belongs to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and not to the Committee
on Territories. I expect, and I think the country
expects, of that committee that they will originate
some general system upon this subject by which
they will provide for the construction of roads
through the lands of the Government by donations,
not only m the States, but in the Territories. I
am very free to say. as one member of the Com-
mittee on Territories, that it is a subject that 1 do
not want the charge of. We have enough to do
if we discharge the other duties before us, without
coming into conflict, as we necessarily should,
with the system laid down by the Committee on
Public Lands, were this bill referred to us.
Mr. HEBARD obtained the floor, but gave
way to—
Mr. SIBLEY. I want to ask a question of the
gentleman from Illinois—whether he does not rec-
ollect that a bill granting a donation of public
lands to Florida, passed during the first session of
the last Congress, was reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories? The Committee on Public
Lands had nothing to do with it.
.Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no distinct rec-
ollection upon the subject. I will, in reply to the
gentleman, say that my opinion is, the Govern-
ment ought to deal liberally with these Territories
in donations. It is the policy and interest of the
Government to do so—to settle them up as rapidly
as possible, by making improvements that will
give facilities for settlement, and for the transport-
ation to market of the agricultural products of the
country. I am not hostile to the object of which
the gentleman is in favor; nor do I believe it is the
policy of this Government, of this House, or the
Committee on Public Lands, to be so. I do not
recollect whether at the last session of Congress an
important bill of this character came from the
Committee on Territories. I should have no hes-
itation in reporting such a bill back if I believed it
