1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
right, and I speak only for one member of that
committee.
Mr. SIBLEY. I will withdraw my opposition
to the reference of the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HEBARD. I did not rise to discuss the
question, not having any interest in it; but merely
to save further time in discussion. I will not move
the previous question as the bill is now to Be dis-
posed of.
The question being taken upon the motion to
reconsider, it was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HALL, the bill was then
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EMIGRANTS FOR THE WEST INDIA COLONIES.
Mr. BAYLY, ofYirginia, asked theunanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution
calling on the President for information.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY moved the suspension of the rules
for the purpose of introducing his resolution;
which was agreed to.
The resolution was*read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows :
Whereas there was issued on the 16th October, 1850, by
the Secretary of State of Colonial Affairs of the British
Government, the following circular, viz:
" circular.
" Downing Street, Octobcr 16M, 1850.
" Sir: I have to acquaint you that it has been suggested to
me that a desirable class of emigrants for the West India
Colonies might be induced to come to them from among
the black and colored population of the United States, whose
arrival and location, if they choos-e to come, would, I have
no doubt, be advantageous both tn themselves and the Colo-
nies. I am not aware of anything which can be done by
the Colonial Government to encourage such immigration,
beyond showing a readiness to pass acts giving theprivilege
of naturalization to any such persons as nnght come and
settle there, and providing that a bounty should be payable
on such immigrants under such arrangements as may be
thought desirable. I would also suggest, as deserving of
consideiation, whether laws might not be passed rendering
binding on certain conditions engagements to pay sums of
money which may have been agreed on by immigrants, al-
though such engagements may have been contracted in
America, and while the parties were m a state of slavery.
"I have, &c., GREY."
And whereas the subjcct referred to in said circular is a
matter of the deepestxnterest to the people of one portion of
this Confederacy ; now, therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest, any information he may possess
respecting said circular; and particularly what action the
Legislative Assemblies of the British West India Islands
have taken in pursuance of the suggestions contained
therein.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
WIDOW OF GEN. WORTH.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of j
the House to take up Senate bill No. 32, for the
relief of Margaret L. Worth, for-the purpose of!
referring it to a standing committee.
Objection was made by several
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of allowing him to introduce his motion;
and upon which he demanded tellers; which were
ordered,and Messrs. Johmson, of Tennessee, and
Kistg, of New York, were appointed. !
The question being taken, the tellers reported— |
ayes 101, noes 19. j
So the motion to suspend was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS then submitted his motion; and |
the bill was read a first and second time by its j
Mr. B. moved that it be referred to the Com- ,
mittee on Military Affairs. , i]
Mr. DUNHAM moved that it be referred to the M
Committee on Invalid Pensions. _ ,!
The question was put on the motion to refer to ,■
the Committee on Military Affairs; and it was dis- j
agreed to. !i
The latter motion was then agreed to.
ascertain the amount due to John S. Littell for con-
testing that case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution is
not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the resolution was before the House by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JONES. I understood the consent was
only for reading it for information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moved that it be referred without the
Chair inquiring whether there was any objection |
or not. If there is no objection, he will entertain
it now.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of enabling me to intro-
duce the resolution just read.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. ROBBINS then demanded the .previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution j
was adopted.
A message was here received from the President
of the United States.
On motion by Mr. STUART, leave was granted
to withdraw the petition and papers of Samuel
Spalding for the purpose of transferring them to
the Senate.
On motion byMr. KING, of New York, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relative to the
claim of Lyon and Howard be taken from the Clerk's files
and leferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ROBBINS asked the unanimous consent of 1, rum voting.
IMPROVEMENT OF RIVER SAVANNAH.
Mr. JACKSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice had been given, for the removal
of obstructions in the river Savannah, in the State
of Georgia.
Mr. CLARK objected.
Mr. JACKSON moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to inquire
of the Chair whether it is resolution or pelition
day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules it is petition
day.
Mr. JONES. I call, then,for the order of the i
day. j
The SPEAKER. The order of the day will be j
to call upon the States for petitions, beginning ;
with Maine.
Mr. McNAIR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, and I feel
certain that no gentleman in this House will ob-
ject to it when they know something about it. I
will say a word 
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. McNAIR. I want simply to give an
idea  I
TlieSPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair |
to allow discussion under the rules.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the firmness and solidity ot the foundation of the extension
of the Capitol, now laid, and whether the strength of tiie
stone he sufficient to uphold the supeistrueture about to be
erected thereon.
Mr. McNAIR moved to suspend the rules.
A division being asked, the question was taken,
and there were—ayes 78, noes 45.
Mr. McNAIR demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. McNair and Be ale were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 77, noes 34.
The SPEAKER. There appears to be no quo-
tlie House to introduce a resolution, which was
read for information, as follows, "viz:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be requested
to ascei tain and report the amount due to Alderman Gnlla- ,
xviv lor services rendeied a  commissioner to take te-sti-
V nthnContested-election case fiom the fourth district
ot Pe.nisj lvama, in aceotdanee with a resolution of this ,
House, passed January 39, 1s50.
Mr. R. moved that the resolution be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I move that [
the Committee of Elections also be requested to ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
House adjourn. On which motion,
Mr. JOHN VV. HOWE demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; when—
Mr. STEPHENS withdrew his motion.
Mr. GIDDIN'GS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution; and hope
there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be enter-
tamed at present. The proposition is now to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of enabling the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] to intro-
duce a resolution, which will be again read for the
information of the House.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I would sug-
gest to my colleague that if he would substitute
the Committee on Public Buildings, the resojutipn
would pass without any objection.
Mr. McNAIR. I prefer a select committee.
Mr. FICKLIN said tellers were ordered, and
there was no quorum. I ask for a recount, that
we may see if there is not a quorum present.
A recount was then had, (Messrs. Penn and
McNair acting as tellers,) and there were—ayes
84, noes 42.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. McNAIR moved the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. FOWLER. Will it be in order to move
the reference of the resolution to the Committee on
Public Buildings ?
The SPEAKER. The reference will not be in
order during the pendency of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I think that is the appropriate
committee.
The question was then taken on the eall for the
previous question, (Messrs. Fowler and McNair
acting as tellers,) and resulted—ayes 78, noes 23.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum voting.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE demanded the yeas
and nays; winch were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Sir. MILLSON: The petition of John C. Cohoon,
administrator of F. W. C. Murren, asking payment of pen-
sion due deceased.
Also, the petition of Wm. B.Thomas, asking compensa-
tion on account of the services of his father, Jas. Thomas,
a pilot, in saving from capture the frigate Constitution during
the wai of 1812. .
By Mr. GOODEN£)W: The petition of Clemmans Eaton,
for arrears of pension.
Bv Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition or John T.
Cook, and other citizens of Illinois, praying the right of way
and a donation of the public laiuls for the construction of a
railroad from Shawneetown, Illinois, to a point opposite to
St. Louis, Missouri. '
By Ml. SO UDDER: The petition of John P. Morion,
late coilcctoi of customs for the district of' Edgaitown,
Massachusetts, for allowance of commissions on duties
received. m ,, „T
By Mr. TOWNSHEND : The petition of Henry E. Mus-
scy, and four hundred and thirty other citizens of Lorain
county, m reference to the harbor at the mouth of Black riv-
er, on Lake Erie.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of JoshuaShaw,
and twenty-two otiicr citizens of Carroll county, Ohio, for
a law to correct errors, under the old surveys of lands, in
dividing sections into quarters, and to guard against similar
results m future.   , .
Also, the memorial of Nathan Wmtermger, accompanied
by four hundred and ninety-six petitioners, asking remuner-
ation for a boat and load of produce seized and applied to
the u e of the army under General Jackson at the battle of
New Orleans.
Also, the memorial of Capt, Daniel Harburgh, accompa-
nied with papers. ' , ■ ■
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry citizens or
Missoim, praying the establishment of a mail route fioio
Bloc.mmgton to Edma, Missouri.
Al-o, the petition ot sundry citizens of Missouri, praying
the estabiislmientot' a mail loute from Shelby ville to Kirks-
viile, Missouri. . n
\li.o, the petition of John Davenport, of Boone county,
Missouri, pi avmg Congress for arrearages of pension fiom
September. 1824, to December, 1844.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The memorial of Mary Wood-
ward, of Connecticut, widow of Lieutenant Woodwaid,
who losrhis life while on liazaidous duty 111 the United
States revenue service, asking for a pension and other
reAlso, the petition of Julia F. Gibbs, of Connecticut,
praying lor a pension on account of the 1 evolutionary
services of her husband, Samuel Gibbs.
By Mr. MANN : The petition of Hannah Harris, of
Newton, Massachusetts, praying tor a pension.
By Mr. SIBIjEY: The memorial of llenn P. Ritter and
one"bundled and thirty other citizens of the District of
Columbia, praying for the establishment of a Lunatic Asy-
lum m «.aid Di>tnct.
By Mr. HAVEN: The petition of Dolly Tracy, of Astt-
ford, Cattaiaugus county, New York, the widow of Solo-
. mon Tincy, a'revolutionaiv soldier, lor a pension,
j By Mr. KXHNS: The petition of Robert Graham and
! twentv-two other citizens of Westmoreland county? Penn-
> svlvama. prajing for such alteration in the present laws so
j a'b to prevent the transportation and delivery of mail on the
i Loid s dav. . . *
i! Bv Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of BiHOtt
I) McColloch, of Logan county, Ohio, praying the passage ot
