1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
Mr. HAMILTON called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Florence's amendment to the instruc-
tions; and they were ordered.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. I ask for the reading of
the first part of those instructions. I want to
know whether they are positive instructions, or
merely instructions inquiring into the expediency,
and so forth.
Mr. FLORENCE. Merely to inquire into the
expediency.
Mr. CLINGMAjS". Let the original instruc-
tions be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes there will
be no objection to the reading of the first clause of
. the instructions.
There being no objection,
The Clerk read the resolution, which is as fol-
lows:
" Resolved, That the report on the Committee on Printing
he referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with in-
structions to report upon the whofe subject, and to recom-
mend, tor the adoption of Congress, such a system for the
execution of the public piinting as they may deem most ex-
pedient. and th.it they especially take mto consideration the
plan for a printing bureau, for the execution of the work
under the supervision of a Government officer.''
The question was then taken on Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment to the instructions, (which has
been heretofore published, and which proposes to
append to the instructions .submitted by Mr.
Brown, a bill for the establishment of a printing
bureau,) and it was decided in the negative—yeas
61, nays 105, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averctt, Barrere,
Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable,Lewis D.
Campbell, Carlter, Chapman, (Jhnginan. Congei, Disney,
Doty, Eastman, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, Goodrich. Grey,Grow, Sampson W.
Hains, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,'Hunter, Ives,
Jenkms, John Johnson/Daniel T. Jones, George G. King,
Preston King, Kuhn«, Ma.ce, Mann, MeLanahan, Mc-
Queen, Million, Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parkei, Pemmnan, Perkins, Phelps, Rantoul, Robbms,
Scudder, Snow, Thaddcus Stevens, Thurston, Venable,
Wnlbiidge, Wallace, Addison White, and Woodwaid—61.
NAYS—Messrs. John Appleton, William Appleton, T.
h. Bayly, Bocock, Bowie, Bowjsc, Briggs, Brooks, Caskie,
Chandler, Chaptain, Clark, Cohb, Oulloin, Curtis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Diimmck. Dockery, Dunham, Ed-
geiton, Edmundson, Faulknei, Fieklm, Freeman, Thomas
J. I). Fuller, Gamble, Gorman, Green, Hall, Ilnttulton,
Hammond, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Ilebard,
Hendricks, Henn, Hihbard, Hillyer, Hoisford, Houston,
Howaid, lng.jrsoll, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jas John-
son, Robert W. Johni-r.n, George W. Jones, J. Glanry
Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Letchei, Lockhart, Humphiey Mar-
shall, Mai tin. M«wm, McDonald, McMulhn, McNair,
Meade, Millei, Miner, Molony, Ilenrv D. Monte, John
Moore, Morchead, Murray, Naber*, Old>,Outlaw, Peasloe,
Penn, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price, ltiddle, Ross. Russell,
g&ekett, Sa\.ige, .•Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
Origen . Sevmour, Skelton, Smart, Stanly. Benjamin
Siahton, Fiedenck P, Stanton, Richaul IJ. Stanton, Stone, j
Hutheiland. Sweetser, Taylor, Benj'n Thompson, George I
W, Thompson, Ward. Walking. Alexamh'i White, %Vil- I
coK, and Williams-—105 I
So the amendment was not agreed to. j
Mr. BR.IGGS moved that the House do now j
adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY. j
Mr. CABELL moved that when the House ad- |
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday !
next.. j
Mr. DEAN called for the yeas and nays. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Florida if it would not be better j
to sit to-morrow, and then adjourn till Tuesday? !
Monday is always a dead day, when no business ,
is done. 1
Mr. CABELL. No. I will adhere to mymo- j
tion, :
The yeas and nays were not ordered. :
Mr. JONES demanded, tellers on Mr. Cabell's ;
motion; which were ordered, and Messrs. Jones, I
of Tennessee, and Fowler were appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided j
in the affirmative—ayes 7/  noes 56. ;
So the motion was agreed to. 1
The question was then taken on the motion to •
adjourn, and disagreed to—ayes 23, noes not ;
counted.
The question then recurred upon referring the j
report to the Committee on the Judiciary, with :
the instructions moved by Mr. Brown', of Mis- ;
sissmni.
Mr' FITCH. I have a point of order which I :
wish the Chair to decide.
Mr. FOLK. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FITCH. I am upon a point of order. A.
vote has been taken upon an amendment contain- ;
ing instructions to establish a printing bureau; !
now, I want to know whether, after this has been
rejected, it is in order to vote upon another prop-
osition imbodying the same provision?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair cannot tell but the
House, after rejecting the amendment, will adopt
the original resolution. At least it is not for the
Chair to determine what should be the vote of the
House.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Chair decide whether
it is in order to ask for a division of the instruc-
tions? They contain two propositions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine
them.
Mr. JONES, Tf gentlemen will look at the re-
solution, they will find that if the resolution is
divided, and the first portion rejected, there will
be no intelligible proposition left.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from In-
diana indicate the precise point at which he asks
a division?
Mr. FITCH. The resolution proposes, in the
first place, to instruct the committee to report such
a system for the execution of the public printing
as they shall deem expedient; and m the second
place, it instructs them, especially, to take into
consideration the plan for a printing bureau. I
desii e that the resolution shall be divided after the
word "expedient."
The SPEAKER. The first part of the resolu-
tion would then read- 
u Resolved, That the report of the Committee on Printing
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions to report upon the whole subject, and to recommend
tor the adoption of Congress such a system for the eyeeu-
tion of the public printing, a*. they may deem most ex-
pedient.'1
That would stand as an intelligible proposition.
The other proposition would then read 
"And that they especially take into consideration the
plan for a printing bureau, for the execution of the woik
under the supervision of a Government officer."
This could not stand by itself as an independent
proposition. The Chair decides that the resolu-
tian is not divisible.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to suggest a ques-
tion of order. An amendment was oifcred by
myself, directing the committee to take into con-
sideration, especially, a bill which accompanied
it. Now, 1 learn that gentlemen around me un-
deistand that amendment as directing the commit-
tee absolutely to report that bill. I only desire to
say that such was not the case. It did not so
instruct them.
[Cries of" Too late for that." " Your amend-
ment has been rejected.'']
Mr. MEADE. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the amendment be rejected, it will then
be in order to move a reference of the report to
the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order
during the operation of the previous question.
Mr. KING, of New York. I understand that
is precisely the motion now pending.
The SPEAKER. The resolution before the
House is to refer the report to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions. If that motion
be voted down, the question will then recur upon
the motion to refer to the Committee on Printing,
with instructions.
Mr. MEADE. But if that motion be voted
down, 1 wish to know if it would be in order to
move to refer to the same committee, with differ-
ent instructions 5
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
has been exhausted it will then be in order for the
House to take such action as to them shall seem
proper.
Mr. MEADE. When will it be exhausted '
The SPEAKER as soon as a vote has been
taken upon the motion to refer to the Committee j
on the Judiciary, and upon that to refer to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the last amendment was ^
rejected, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon I
the table; which latter motion was agreed to. j
Mr. JONES. I now move to lay the whole ;
subject upon the table. ■
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Upon that ,
motion T demand the yeas and nays. ;
Mr. YENABLE. I move that the House do j
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused j
to adjourn—ayes 18. noes not counted. j
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
question being put, the result was—yeas 78, nay*
89; as follows: #
YEAS—Messrs. John Appleton, William Appleton,
Thomas IT. Bayly, Bowie, Bowne, Brings, Brook*. E.
Carringtou Cabell, Chandler, Chantain, Clark, Cobb, tfott-
man, Cullom, John G. Oavip, Dawson, Dean, Disney,
Dockery, Dunham, Faulkner, Freeman, Thomas J. D. -
Fuller, Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond. Haven. Hendiicks,
Hillyer, rneersoll, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George W.Jones,GeorgeG. King.Landry,Letcher,Lock-
hart, Mace, Martin, MeLanahan, McMuUin, -Meaeham,
Miller, Henry 1). Moore, John Moore, Murray, Naherp,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Polk, Porter, Price, Riddle,
Ross, Ilusseil, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Pavia
L. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly. Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stamou, Stone, St. Martin, Sutherland, Sweetser,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Geor e W. Thompson.
Wdidj Watkins, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yate*—'8.
1VAVS—Me.^rs. Aiken, Allison, Averctt, Bariere, Bo-
cock, Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Joseph cable,
Lewis D. Campell, Crutter, Catskie, Chapman, Cliuginan,
Conser, Curtis, Dnumick, Doty, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
niundson, Fieklm, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Gam-
ble, Ga> lord, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Green, Grey, Grow,
Hall. Harper, Ishntn G. Harris, Sampeon\V. Ilarris>Henn,
Hihbard, Hoisfoid, Houston, John \V. Howe. Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, James Johnson,
John Johnson, Dumel T. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Preston
King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mace,
McDonald. McNair, McQueen, Meade, Mii!s"on, Miner,
Molony, Moiehead, Morrison, Oldb, Oir, Andrew Parker,
Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Powell, KantouJ, Rob-
hm«, Beuddcr. Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Tliadde-
us Stevens. 'I'huiston, Tuck, Venable, Walbridge, Wal-
lace, \Vd>hburji, Addison White, and Woodward—89.
So the motion to lay upon the table was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Brown's resolution, to refer the whole
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered,
and the question being taken, the result was—yea*
41, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Allison, Barreie, Albert G.
Bruwn, Joseph Cahlc, Lewis D. Campbell, C'artter, Chap-
man, C'hugman, Conger, Don', Eastman, Fowler, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Grey, Grow, Harper, Horsford, John W. Howo,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, fves, Jenkins, Damcl T. Jones,
Preston King, ICuhns, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mc-
Queen, Newton, Perkins, Powell, Uantoal, Robluns, Scud-
der, Tbaddeus Stevens, Tuck, Venable, Wallace, and
Washburn—41.
NAYS—Meb-i4'. John Appleton, William Appleton,
, Averett, Thomas If. Bayly. i<ooor k, Bowie, Bragg, Bren-
; ton, Briggs, Brooks, E Camn^ton Cabell, Chandler,
, Chast:un, Chirk, ('ohh, Cult!1*, John G. l).'i\i^, Daw-
son, Dean, Unnmick, Disney, Dockery, Dunham, Ed-
irerton, Kdmundson, Faulkner, Fieklm. Fitch, Florence,
ThomasJ. 1>. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Green, Hall, Hmn-
i llton, Hammond, Ishaiu G. Uarri1;, Jlcbard, Henducks,
Henn, Hibhard, Ililher, Houston, Howaid, Ingersoll,
t Jackson. Andrew Johnson, Jame> Johnson, John Johnson,
; Robert W. Jonn^on, George \V Jone>. J (JUmcy Jones,
, George G. King, Kuitz, Landry, Letoliei, Lockhart,Mar-
tin, Mason, McDonald, ."Uc-Lanahnri, McMulhn, McNair,
; Mcaolmm,,Me.tdej Miller, Mdls«n, Miner, Molony, Henry
; D Moore, John Moore, Morwhead, Moin>on, Murphy,
I Murray, Naher>, Orr, Outlaw, Andmv Parker, Samuel W".
| Parker, I'easlee, Penmman, Phelps, Polk, Poller, Price,
j Riddle, Ross, Russell, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Scur-
! ry, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,Smart,
J Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stan ton, "Frederick P. Stanton,
! Richard [J. Stanton, S'one, St. Martin, Sutbciland, Sweet-
1 -er, Taj lor, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thompson,
! Thurston, Walbridge. Ward, Watkins, Alexander White,
' Wilcox, Williams, Woodward, and Yates-— iip.
. So the resolution was not adopted,
1 The question then recurred upon the motion to
| recommit to the Committee on Printing, with in-
i strucfjons the same as those proposed to the Judi-
i cmry Committee.
Mr. GORMAN. I suppose we shall have
; unanimous consent to refer the subject back to
; the Committee on Printing.
1 ["Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !''}
I Mr. DEAN moved to reconsider the \ote juRt
; taken by which the House refused to commit to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; winch latter motion was agreed to.
M r. JONES. 1 now rise to a question of order
, 1 desire to inquire whether it is competent for the
House, hy its own resolution, to instruct a joint
committee of the two Houses' That committee
cannot he instructed without a joint resolution
adopted by both Houses of Congress, and ap-
proved by the President.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to lay
the whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER, ft is m order.
Mr. LETCHER. J make that motion.
Mr, YENABLE. We have voted down that
motion three times already, and we will do i:
again.
