1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
years; but this Government must provide some
home for them.
Then I see no necessity for this appropriation
at this time, eveu admitting their claims to be
just; because they cannot use it. They have no
use for it; and I think the Government will be
acting very foolishly to make the appropriation,
and place it in the hands of the Indians, or their
agents, whosoever they may be; because a home
must be provided for them; and a territory, per-
haps, that would be large enough, and would suit
them, would cost not merely ten, fifteen, or twenty
cents an acre, but might cost from fifty cents to a
dollar an acre. Therefore,! think there is no ne-
cessity for the Indians having the money at this
time; particularly so since the chairman of the
Committee on Finance intends to propose an ap-
propriation of $25,000 for their present subsistence
and accommodation. Then, without going into
the question whether there was fraud perpetrated
or not; or whether there was a mistake as to the
quantity of land or not: or whether we hare paid
them too small a price for their land, it seems to
me to be inexpedient to make the appropriation at
this time.
When the proper time arrives, I shall be willing
to deal libeially with them—not only justly, but
liberally. If $220,000 shall not be sufficient to
establish them in their new homes, and start them
as an agricultural people, I shall be willing to take
half a million out of the Treasury for that pur-
pose. Therefore, I think we had better agree to
the amendment proposed by the committee, and
when the time arrives when this money will be
necessary and beneficial to the Indians, we may
consider it, and if there be equity in their claim,
make the appropriation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before the vote is taken
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
strike out that clause from the bill, I will ask to
substitute the amendment which I send to the
Chair, in heu of the whole of that clause. In other
words, I move to strike out the objectionable por-
tion of the bill, and to insert what I send to the
Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows:
TUat an additional compensation tor the pale of their
land* by the tioaty of October 18, for the excess of
larnt uciuallv ciMicd over the qinntuv owned by them, as
ascertained by the official opinion of the Attorney General,
at tho =ame rate as {hat paid for said tori ifory, assuming the
quantity as that lived in *rud opinion, may be allowed in
the discretion of the Pn'Milnit of the United : Pro-
vider/, That the same j-hall be subject to all necessity de-
ductions for expenses of [noeuiuij a new home, removal
thereto, and suhM-tence for twelve months theieafter : Jlnd
prori'lcl fujffic). That the balance thall not be paid until
after such removal, and then in such manner as tho resi-
dent may direct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tiie Chair
would surest to the Senator from Arkansas that
lie proposes to strike out precisely what the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Honter] proposes to
strike out.
Mr. SRBA.STIAN. I am aware, Mr. Pres-
ident, of the difficulty which may arise under the
rule of the Senate, and I shall, therefore, with-
draw my amendment for the present, and confine
myself to what the Senator from Virginia proposes
to strike oat; and if that motion pievails, then I
will offer my amendment.
Mr. BELL. The proposition of the Senator
might be made by way of amendment to the
clause. He has a right to move to amend it be-
fore the question is taken on the motion to strike
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the amendment of the Senator from Ar-
kansas to propose to strike out precisely the same
matter which is proposed bv the Senator from
Virginia to be stricken uut. Theieiu is the diffi-
culty.
Mr. WELLER. The motion of the Senator
from Virginia is simply to strike out.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from Arkansas may
leave a word or two of the original clause stand-
ing, and so shape his amendment as to move to
amend the clause.
Mr. WELLER. There is no necessity for
that, for the proposition of the Senator from Ar-
kansas is to strike out and insert; and, as I regard
the rule, a motion to strike out and insert has'pre-
cedence of a mere motion to strike out.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can obviate the whole
difficulty, by attaching- my amendment to the pre-
ceding clause. I find it will make good sense, if
so attached.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remind the Senator from Arkansas that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia is to
strike out another clause, and not the one to which
the Senator proposes to attach his amendment.
The motion of the Senator from Virginia is there-
fore first m order.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. Then I will address my
remarks to the question on the amendment pro-
posed by the committee. It matters but little
whether the question be in the precise form of my
amendment or that of the committee. The amend-
ment which I propose, instead of making an ap-
propriation upon what I conceive to be an artifi-
cial and arbitrary basis, which I think cannot be
justified upon any correct principle, provide? for
an extra allowance to the Menomonees upon what
I consider a true and just principle. It is to allow
the Indians the same rate of compensation for the
country which they thought they had ceded as
for that which they did actually cede, providing
only for the excess in quantity over that which it
was supposed they owned, by that which has been
ascertained to be the amount belonging to them at
the date of the treaty. That excess amounts to
about two millions of acres—an excess which, in
proportion to the land which the Indians were
induced to believe from the map at the Land Office
belonged to them, is such as to strike the mind of
every Senator as amounting on its face to a pal-
pable mistake.
Mr. President, I throw out of consideration al-
together what I regard as an unproved charge
against the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, m
leference to a fraudulent concealment of the real
quantity of land at the time of making the treaty.
That forms no part of the ground upon winch I
have gone in coming to the conclusion that this is
n just claim; but i put it upon the ground of a
claim coming under the head of what lawyers
class as mistakes. -I throw out all charges of
fraud—charges which I regard as neither substan-
tiated by testimony, nor sustained in view of the
known probity and integrity of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, who negotiated this treaty. Cut
there are some facts upon record, apart from those
to which the Senator from Virginia has alluded,
as being merely parol declarations of credible wit-
nesses: which are enough to show that there was
a glaring and palpable mistake between the
amounts of land which the Indians supposed they
were ceding, and that which they actually did
cede, which must strike the mind of every Sen-
ator as being an amount too large to have been
covered up from the knowledge of the Indians.
A simple and brief history of the case, as it ap-
pears from documents on file in the Indian Office,
will show that what I have remarked is strictly
correct.
In 1848 the Government, desiring to obtain the
lands of the Menomonees, about which there was
a dispute in regard to the quantity, referred the
matter to the then Attorney General, who exam-
ined the subject, and who ascertained to his own
satisfaction that there was not more than 3,860,000
acres justly belonging to them. For this the com-
missioner was authorized to pay at a rate not ex-
ceeding eighteen cents per acre. He called the
Indians together, and offered them for the whole
amount of their lands #350,000, which was at the
rate of about eleven and a half cents per acre for
what they were induced to believe they owned at
that time. Preparatory to this the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs had been furnished with a map
at the Land Olfice, according to which the Indians
were represented as owninsfabout3,000,000 acres.
That map was exhibited upon the council grounds,
and, according to that, we allowed them for only
3,000,000 acres. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs does not conceal the fact that he went upon
that map as containing the true boundaries of the
country. Subsequent discoveries made at the
Land Office have revealed the fact, that instead of
there having been only 3,000,000 acres ceded,
there were nearly 5,000,000.
More than this: There was a rude map con-
structed by the hands of the Indians by such
means as they could command, by which they
showed and contended that they owned more than
was shown by our map. The commissioner dis-
countenanced and repelled that presumption, and
they were compelled to submit to the offer made
for the amount of land as disclosed by the map of
the commissioner. They therefore ceded a quan-
tity of land according to their map, so that it was
said by a member of the House of Representa-
tives that " we bought according to the Indian
map, and paid according to our map," making a
difference of 2,000,000 acres.
Mr. DE SAIXSSURE. I would ask the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, if he will permit me, whether
it is a fact that the actual quantity of land has
been ascertained by a survey? I have heard other-
wise. I have heard that the survey has not been
j completed, and by turning to a memorandum
j which has been laid upon our tables, it will be
j found that in the report made by the Commis-
J sioner to the Secretary of War, after the treaty, he
i said that, while in the country, he ascertained
j " there was an error in the map M m his posses-
] sion " in relation to the location of a small hike
I that determined the courseof one of the boundary
lines,,J the correction of which would probably
increase the number of acres to about four mil-
lions. " He further says, that" the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, upon the evidence now
in his possession, estimates the tract as having
contained at the time of the treaty, five millions.
" Estimates," mark you. Not that it is surveyed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can give the Senator
from South Carolina the basis on which the Land
Office made the estimate. It was from an estimate
made under the inspection or by the measurement
of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, under
the authority of the Land Office. In making out a
map, the Corps of Topographical Engineers esti-
mated the amount between certain boundaries, and
those boundaries were afterwards ascertained to
be true, and that amount shows a slight excess
over five millions of acres in the country. The
discrepancy arises in this way: there was a par-
ticular lake which governed one of the boundaries
of the country. The situation of this lake was
laid down incorrectly in the map which governed
the decision of the Attorney General. They found
that that lake was one or two hundred miles fur-
ther off than was at first supposed, varying the
amount of land by that much, and embracing in
all, an excess of two millions of acres. The map
which has been recently made out, properly Jo-
locates this lake, which governs the Wisconsin
boundary, and thus we have five millions of acres,
according to the estimate made by the Corps of
Topographical Engineers.
I believe, Mr. President, that I have now stated
the entire history of this claim. Jtconsistsof the
fact that there was an official document made out
under the inspection and by the advice of an offi-
cer of the Government; that by that map the
Indians were represented as owning 3,000,000
acres; that m consequence of a mistake in one of
their boundaries, we took, by treaties made m
general terms, all their lands, and swept away
from them about 2,000,000 acres more than they
thought they were selling at the time. This, there-
fore, as it seems to me, constitutes a just and
equitable claim on the Government in their behalf
for this excess; and in placing it upon this princi-
ple, and allowing for that excess, I have allowed
at the same rate for this excess as the price would
be per acre by paying for 3,000,000 acres the sum
of $350,000. That is the position of the matter,
and the ground on which I place it.
One word more, and I have done. It was
thought by my colleagues on the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, who investigated this claim, that the
time had not arrived to do justice to these Indians;
that the whole appropriation syas premature; and
that the fact that they had nofyet removed to thc-ir
new home was sufficient to show that we ou*ht
not to settle the claim, or make the appropriation,
until a home was provided for them. That state
of affairs leads me to a precisely opposite conclu-
sion from that to which the worthy chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs was brought. I
think that the allowance should be given for the
very purpose of removing that difficulty. It is
true that the country assigned to them is found to
be inhospitable in climate^ and worse than that, it
was in the neighborhood of their implacable ene-
mies, with whom they would be exposed to be in
an eternal state of warfare. They chose, there-
fore, to remain upon the land which they had
ceded, in the State of Wisconsin. Whether this
desire of theirs will be granted, it remains for the
Legislature of Wisconsin to determine. But how
