1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. I me to a privileged question.
X want more time to consider'upon this subject.
I move thaUhe House do now adjourn.
The question was put, arid the House refused
to adjourn.
The yeas and "nays were then ordered on the
motion-to lay on the table.
Mr. LETCHER.. I will withdraw the motion
to' lay upon the table.
Mr. JONES. I now desire again tosubmit the
question to the Chair whether it is competent for
this House to instruct a joint committee* except
with the concurrence of the Senate? I also sub-
mit further, if the whole duties of this committee
are not specified by the joint resolution of 1846,
by which this committee was constituted. I sub-
mit that it is'not a committee appointed under the
rules of the House, nor of the Senate, but by a
joint resolution passed by both Houses, and ap-
proved by the President; and that their duties are
defined by law.
Th6 SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, upon the ground that it is not the province
of the Chair to decide what the effect of the pro-
ceedings of action of this House will be. That
is a question for ike House to decide.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will call for a division
of the question, so that the vote.shall first be taken
upon the question of reference, and then upon the
instructions. I believe it is competent for us to
do that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of order, i submit that the motion of the
gentleman from Tennes>.ee is not in order, because
the question is indivisible. If you take a vote
upon the first half of it, and reject it, you cannot
voce upon the secondpart as an independent prop-
osition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, ac-
cording to the uniform practice of the House, so
far as it has come under his observation, the di-
vision asked for by the gentleman from Tennessee ;
cannot be made. The question must be taken
upon the motion as a whole. The gentleman can,
however, have a separate vote upon the motion to
print, which is pending, if he desires it.
Mr. JO'NES. Is there such a motion pending?
The SPEAKER. There is; unless a separate
vote is demanded upon the motion to print, the
question will be, u Shall the report be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Printing, with instruc-
tions
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. BROWN asked for tellers; which were or-
dered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If this question to
recommit to the Committee on Printing be voted
down, will not the previous question be then ex-
hausted, and will it not he in order to move to re-
commit without instructions ?
The,SPEAKER. The previous question will
be exhausted when this question is taken, and the
vote upon printing.
Mr. STANLY. The question is now upon re-
ferring this matter to the Committee on Printing,
with instructions to report. Is that the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to refer
to the Committee on Prwfm«, with themstructions
proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.]
Mr. STANLY. Does that include the printing
bureau?
[Cries of " Read the resolution!" " Read the
resolution!"]
The SPEAKER. The resolution is very short,
and, unless it is objected to, it will be read.
No objection being made, the resolution was
accordingly read, as previously inserted.
Mr. STANLY. That is the only proposition
that is to sro to the PrintingCommiLtee ?
The SPEAKER. It is proposed to send the
repon back to the committee, with the instruc-
tions just read.
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move to divide
the resolution, with a view to laying the instruc-
tions upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. POLK. One is clearly a question of re-
ference, and the other of instruction. The in-
l structions may include something that is objec-
1 tionabie.
! The SPEAKER. When the House shall have
| refused to recommit, (if it shall so do,) I should
| like to know what becomes of the instructions ?
| Are there any legs or feet Jeft for it to stand upon ?
: Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
If the motion to refer to the Committee on Print-
ing is passed, does it take the bill which 1 offered
with it ?
[Cries of « No <" « No !" « No !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's bill has
been lost.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was perfectly aware of !
that; but I supposed that when the resolution re- j
ferring the subject to the Committee on the Judi- |
; ciury was not concurred in by the House, and the '
question came up upon referring it to the Com- \
mittee on Printing, with the same instructions, j
that it would take that proposition along with it. !
I rose for information, and I am soiry to learn j
that it does not. j
The SPEAKER. It does not. It was voted i
down by the House. j
Mr. PARKER. I rise for the purpose of s
making an inquiry. It is certainly a matter of ;
wisdom for us, when we take a step, to see where |
we are to land. The object is now to refer to the 1
Committee on Printing, with instructions. Sup- j
pose the committee refuse to obey ? |
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!" all over the
Hall.]
The SPEAKER- Upon the motion to commit
with instruction, tellers were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was never ap-
prised that there was such a call till this present
moment. The Chair has no doubt of the fact that
the gentleman has a right to tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ORR. But that question has not been put.
The SPEAKER. There was not a sufficient
number up to demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. 1 suggest that there were a suffi-
cient number up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly said
there was not a sufficient number, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered. If the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] or any other
gentleman, asked for tellers upon the yeas and
nays, the Chair certainly did not hear it. The
Chair's recollection is, that several amendments
intervened, and the vote was about to be taken,
when some one callcd for tellers upon the propo-
sition to refer to the committee, and tellers were
ordered upon the recommitment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn; which motion was not agreed to.
Messrs. Stantont, of Tennessee, and Venable
were then appointed tellers, on the motion to re-
fer the resolution, with instructions, to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 74.
So the resolution, with the instructions, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to recon-
! sider the vote by which the resolution, with in-
structions, was recommitted to the Committee on
Printing:.
Mr. VENABLE. And I move to lay that mo-
tion upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY. And I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
and IIibbard were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 67.
So the House adjourned, to meet again on Mon-
day next.
XOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FLORENCE gave notice of his intention to ask leave
on to-moiro\v, oi upon somu Mihseqwnt day, to introduce
n hill providing for the immediate establishment of a na-
tional punting office.
j PETITIONS, &c.
! The following petition5!, memorial's, &c.. were presented
j under the rule, and referred to the appropnate committees :
I By Mr. KUHN'S: The petition of William Lemraon and
other citizens of Western Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to pass a Jaw planting pensions to the officers and soldiers
of the Indian war of 1793.
By Mr. HENDRICKS: The nifmoual of David Rey-
nolds, Adjutant Geneial of the Stale of Indiana, paying
that a reimbursement he mode to the State ot Indiana of
money paid in the oj^anization of the Indiana regiments
for the war with Mexico, and which was not piovided for
in the law of June, 1848.
By Mr. SWART: The petition of Peter Hopkins, of
Maine, praying for a pension on account of injuries sus-
tained while on public service during the war of 1H-2
By Mi. APPLETON, of Maine : Pemlon of Jacob Mc-
Lellan and others, owners of the ship Geoige Tuiner, of
Poitland, Maine, for lermssion of a fine imposed last De-
cember tor an alleged violation of ilie passenger laws.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Jesse Baiker, a revolu-
tionary soldier, for a pension.
By Mi. DAWSON : The resolution of the Legislature of
tile State of Pennsylvania, lequesting their Representatives
in Cong'e-s to use all honorable means to prevent any
fin ther extension by Congtess to the lien's and a^ign^ of
the late William Woodvvortii ot the patent granted origm-
a!l> on the 2/th day of Docenibei, 1828, and the amended
apouficrttions thereto for his improvement in the method of
planing, tonguing, grovintf, cutting into mouldings planks,
boaids and otixu materials.
By Mr. GJtEY : The petition of Leslie Combs, of Ken-
tucky, praying payment by Congiosof $)G9,200, besides
inieie>-t. due him by the late Republic of Texas, under the
act of June 7tli, 1837, for winch the custom-hou>e duties
were specially pledged, and which are now being received
bv the United States ; said claim being one of these recog-
nized by the Texan boundary bill of the 9rh September,
18o0, according to the repoit of the Secietary of the Treas-
ury of the 13th of Septembei, 1851.
ByMi. GAMBLE : The petition of Colonel L. B. Cri^t,
Win. Cameron, e--q., and otheis, citizens of Union county,
Pennsvlvama, asking iot a modification of the bounty land
law ot 1S50, so as to give to the prisons intended to be ben-
efited by baid law not less than one hundred and sixty acres
of land.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Hall, of Northumber-
land county, Pennsylvania, widow of John Hall, a rcvolu-
i tionarv soldier, asking for a grant of bounty land.
By Mr.MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of P. C.
' Bethel, asking permission to build a wliaif and watehou^e
I on an oyster-bed icef in Atchafalaya bay, and a grant ot a
J portion of the icef for that purpose.
; By Mr. FLORENCE : The resolution adopted by the
i Printers-.' Union of Philadelphia, 111 favor of, and recom-
' mending the immediate establishmentof, a national printing
1 office.
| Also, the pioccfditiiis of a meeting of the citizens of the
I city and county of Philadelphia, m favor of granting t o the
i soldiers of the war ot 181*2 at lea^t one hundred and sixty
, acres of land, and piaymg Congress to pai?s a law to that
i effect.
By Mi. IVES • The petition of 63 citizens of New York
for aid in the construction ot a railroad fiom Saratoga to
Sai*keuV Harbor, in said State.
Also, a rcmonstiance ot John Sigourncv, and 52 others,
citizens'of New York, against the renewal of a patent
granted to Austin and Zebulon Parker for alleged improve-
ments upon reaction water-wheels.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
j tion of the Senate of the 23d ultimo, a report of
the Colonel of the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, containing 44 the report, estimate,and plan,
in reference to the beacon, or light-house structure
for the new South Shoal, off Nantucket;" which
was ordered to be laid upon the table.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Sussex county, New jersey, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Newton to
Deckertown; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Philip
! G. Van Wyck, executor of Philip Van Cortlandt,
| an officer in the war of the Revolution, praying an
allowance for depreciation on commutation certifi-
j cates; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
1 _ Also, a petition of citizens of Minnesota, urging
; the early ratification of the treaties made with the
j Sioux Indians iti the summer of 1851; which was
; referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
1 Mr. GAVIN presented the memorial of Volney
| Ostrander, praying the appointment of a tribunal
' to review the decisions of the late Board of Com-
| missioners for the settlement of claims of Ameri-
! can citizens against Mexico; which was referred
j to the select committee appointed on that subject.
I Also, the memorial of Duncan W. Murphy,
and others, praying the right of way through the
public lands for the purpose of consiructing a rail-
road from Benicia to Shasta City, in the State of
California; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
