202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
a law authorizing him to surrender his patent for a section |
of luild west ui me Mississippi, and that senp may be j
issued to 3ma therefor. „ „T ^ , u. '
By Mr. RORIE: The petition of Lyman N. Cooke, ask- ,
ing an increase of pension. |
By vtr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of ■
Gr^orv Ernie*, executor of Philip Knne^ deceased, a>k- ;
in"'pavinent on a balance due him on contract tor work ■
done on public ground#, and damages for the aibitrary :
recwsion of said contract by the Commissioner or Public j
Buiidu.gs. , . .
By Mr. ROBBINS : A memonal of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, signed by Arthur B.Collin and twenty-one others,
nrayin* Confess to eiect substantial piers on the eastern
 ide oi*Reed v [stand, h the Delaware river, for the pur-
pose of making a harbor to protect and shelter the vessels
navigating said uver.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
accompanied by a memorial addressed to the Pres-
ident of the United States by the peuy officers,
seamen, and marines, attached to the U^ted States
squadron in the Pacific, asking1 an increase ot pay;
which was read.
Ordered, Tiiat it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state of the finances, which will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that, without read-
ing, it be referred to the Committee on Finance,
and that it be printed.
The report was so referred, and it was ordered
that it be printed.
Mr HUNTER. I move that ten thousand
extra copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. It was my purpose, Mr.
President, had I been able to take my seat here
before the extra copies of the public documents oi
this session had generally been ordered to be
printed, to have offered a resolution providing that
a compendium or abstract of the annual public
documents be prepared and printed. It has long
appeared to me that something*of this kind is im-
periously demanded. By the mode of printing
the public documents now adopted, large numbers
of volumes of the President's message and the ac-
companying documents are printed for general cir-
culation, containing, with a great amount of valu-
able matter, a still greater amount of no public
interest whatever. These documents sometimes
extend to three or four or more large volumes at a
single session. By a reference to these books, it
will be seen that hundreds of pages are occupied
with mere details and estimates, of no earthly ser-
vice except to members of Congress, or possibly
for deposit in the public libraries. What possi-
ble interest can it be for us to print and send abroad
amongst our constituents, the minute estimates for
the various items of provisions and clothing re-
quired at our various naval and military stations?
W ith this mass of useless detail we bury the val-
uable information which the documents otherwise
contain. We. should separate that which is of
public interest from that which is not, and print
fur general circulation only that which is of general
interest. I can pcrceive no way in which this can
be accomplished, except by the preparation of a
compendium or abstract of the public documents.
I believe it to be practicable to condense all that is
valuable for general use, into a single volume of
reasonable size, suited for circulation, and with a
good index, made exceedingly valuable and con-
venient. Every individual to whom such a vol-
ume should be sent, would have the substance of
the documents, showing the operations of the Gov-
ernment, and ail that is of value to him, in a con-
venient form.
It would be a volume which, for its compact-
ness and convenience, would be worth more to
the general reader than the whole set of annual
documents, as now published. But it is known ,
to every Senator that the sets, as now distributed, '•
are very generally broken. One volume is sent:
to one constituent, and one to another. If the '
full set is sent to each person to whom the first is '
forwarded, the circulation is necessarily confined j
to a small number of persons, and they have a 1
small library of the valuable and the worthless i
bound up together. |
Another reason for the change suggested, is !
the saving of the expense of printing volumes of ,
useless matter.
It may be necessary that the proposed abstract '
or compendium should be prepared by the head >
of one of the Departments—perhaps the Sec- ;
retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the ;
Interior. It can hardly be expected that it could j
be conveniently done by the Secretary of the Sen- j
ate or a committee of either House. ;
The subject has been brought to the attention ,
of the Senate somewhat unexpectedly, as I was i
not aware that a question of this kind would come j
up at this session. I throw out these suggestions ;
for the attentive consideration of the Senate, and :
hope they may lead to the adoption of a system i
by which the evils of the present may be avoided, j
and we may be able to condense into a single |
volume what is material for general information. !
By so doing we can greatly increase the circula- ;
Hon of all the important matter, and at c, great j
saving of expense, i throw out these suggestions, i
not with the view of interposing any objection to j
the motion of the honorable Senator from Vir- j
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] inasmuch as the report j
under consideration is one of the most important j
of our public documents, but rather as a notice j
that I intend to call the attention of the Senate to :
the subject hereafter. t ;
The question was then taken on the motion of i
Mr. Hunter, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive. !
THE CUBAN PRISONERS. !
The following message was received from the !
President of the United States, by Mr. M. P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary:
To the Senate of the United States :
I transmit to the Senate a report of the Secretary of State
relative to the peiM>ns belonging to the expedition of Lopez,
who were taken prisonous in Cuba and afterwards sent to
Spam, and who have now been pardoned and released by
her Catholic Majesty. The appropriation, the expediency
of which i.s suggested m the report, I cordially commend to ;
the consideration ot Congress, with the single additional j
suggestion, that to be available it should bepromptlvmade.
MILLARD FILLMORE. i
Washington*, January 5, 1852. j
The message was read, and it was \
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Finance, j
PETITIONS. j
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of mer- j
chants, underwriters, and others, of New York, ■
praying a survey of such parts of the China seas, I
the Straits of Gaspar, and the Java sea, as lie i
directly in the tracks of vessels proceeding to and j
from China; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also submitted a statement showing the
amount of gold bullion received at the port of
New York from California, from January 6 to j
December 1,1851; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed. i
Also, a petition of citizens of Rochester, New !
York, praying that the bill now before the Senate, |
giving further remedies to patentees, may become
a law; winch was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent OfKce. (
Also, o petition of the assistant marshals for :
taking the Seventh Census, in Ulster county, New |
York, praying additional compensation; which :
wras referred to the Committee of Claims. j
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Zebulon ;
Parker, praying the renewal of his patents for '
certain improvements in hydraulic power; which '
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the j
Patent Office. !
Mr. ATCHISON submitted documents in re- ,
lation to the claim of Henry C. Miller, Philip W. [
Thompson, toid Jesse B. Turley. to indemnity for
cattle stolen by the Osage band of Indians; which '
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
with the papers on file relating: thereto. j
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of citi- :
zens of Massachusetts, a petition of citizens of
New Jersey, and a petition of citizens of New ,
Hampshire, praying that the bill now before Con- ,
gress, giving further remedies to patentees, may
become a law. j
Ordered. That they lie on the table? j
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of i
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying !
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1801: 1
which was refened to the select committee on
French spoliations. j
Mr. WHITCOMB presented the memorial of
David A. Cameron, representative and heir of
James Bell, deceased, and assignee of the other
heirs of said Bell, praying payment of advances
made to the American Army during the revolu-
tionary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. . ,
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware,
praying the construction of piers and harbors m
Delaware river and bay; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of John
McVey, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of L. M. S. Holleville, pray-
ing a modification of the laws relating to the dis-
position of the public domain; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, praying
that Pennsylvania avenue, east of the Capitol, may
be improved and lighted;"which was refened to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, praying
the completion of the light-house on Sand Key,
on the coast of Florida; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Thomas B. Cottrell,
and the memorial of Frederick Bange and Albert
Southmayd, praying the establishment of a tri-
bunal for reviewing the decisions of the late Board
of Commissioners under the treaty with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
• Also, a petition of the assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in Dutchess county,
New'York; and a petition of the assistant mar-
shals for taking the Seventh Census in St. Law-
rence county, New York, praying additional com-
pensation for their services; which were leferred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Sally
J. Matthews, praying compensation for the ser-
vices of her late husband, as clerk in the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
Albany, and a petition of citizens of Brooklyn,
New York, praying an appropriation for paying
the expenses of the American contributors to the
World's Fair at London; which were referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Charles
D. Arfenedson, praying compensation for services
as Charge d'Affaires ad interim at the Court of
Stockholm; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WHITCOMB, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of James Bell,
deceased, on the files of the Senate, he referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and petitions on the files. of
the Senate, on the subject of indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1801, be referred to the select committee on
French spoliations.
I On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
i Ordered, That the memotiai of D. D. .Mitchell, on the
i files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
| Affairs.
[ On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
; Ordered, That the memorial of J. Smith, on the files of
i the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
I Affairs.
| On motion by Mr. McRA E, it was
: Ordered, That the petition of George Pomdexter, on the
files ofthp Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mihtaiy
1 Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of J. K. F. Mansfield, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
; Affairs.
| On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
! Ordered, That the memorial of the Association of the
I Defenders of Baltimore in 1814, and the memorial of Ed-
ward Thompson and others, calling themselves "Old De-
fender" of Baltimore in the war of 1849, on the files yf
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of EiHvin James, Sr., on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
