1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1979
is a country to be obtained for a home for them,
and how are their removal and subsistence to be
provided for except out of this appropriation which
the other branch of Congress have been disposed
to grant?
This is what I provide for. My amendment
provides for procuring them a home, and for their
removal, and subsistence for twelve months. It
provides that the balance shall not be paid until
these contingencies are met; and it seems to me,
that the amendment obviates all the difficulties to
which the chairman of the Committee on Finance
and the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have referred. It only provides for the pay-
ment of the money when all these problems have
been solved. >
As to the time when justice should be done, I
tlnnk, as a general principle, it is true, that it j
should be done as soon as we are satisfied that it
is due, and that it ought to be performed at all.
This is no old and stale claim revived from the
musty archives of the Government, for the benefit
of heartless agents, or to satisfy the cupidity of
speculators; nor is it one of that class which has
arisen from an attempt to overreach the Indians,
and impose a hard bargain upon them. This is
not an old claim, but one which has been closely
followed up in different forms, from the first. Im-
mediately after the treaty was ratified, the Indians
sent delegates on here in order to correct it; but
they were unsuccessful, as the chairman of the
Committee on Indian AlFdirs has told us. They
have nevter lost sight of the claim. When the
claim first appeared, it was not for the justice of
Congress, but against the whole effect of the trea-
ty, which they alleged was a fraudulent one; but
they were unable to substantiate the fraud by ev-
idence. The subsequent claim has been placed
on the ground of a palpable mistake, and on that
ground I think that we ought to make the allow-
ance.
This is a claim in which I have little interest,
and with regard to which I have no feeling at all;
and in expressing these views, I have only at-
tempted to show what were the views of the
friends of this claim m the other House. I leave
it for other gentlemen to dispose of as they see fit.
Mr. WALKER. I in part represent the State !
in which these Indians reside, and in which this ;
money, if paid to the Indians, will probably be
expended. It might be inferred, theiefore, that I !
should be one of the most zealous friends of this i
item in the appropriation bill; but I entirely con- ;
cur with the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and with the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, in the sentiments they expressed.
I think the item ought to be stricken out of the bill.
That we acquired more lands from the Meno-
monees by the treaty than was contemplated by
this Government at the time, I have very little
doubt; but I am not aware that in the negotiation j
with these Indians, or with any other of the tribes, ; i
we have been at all times particular to ascertain j
the precise number of acres, and then pav the;j
Indians per acre for what they concede. W~e know :!
that the lands purchased from the Indians, gen-, j
erally, are in an unsurveyed district of country; !l
find that to arrive at a lumping bargain it is usual !j
to make an estimate of the quantity contained j
within the tract. In this case the estimate was '
too low, and there is an excess over the quantity
supposed to have been purchased, thus entitling !
the Indians to some allowance. j
I concur with the chairman of the Committee ;
on Finance, and the chairman of the Committee 1
on Indian Affairs, in the opinion that this is not
only an improper time to make this appropriation, I
but that the manner of this proposed appropri- J
ation is also improper. I object to the appropri- j
ation being made at this time, and also to its be- j
ing made in gross; and it occurs to me, as it may ;
have occurred to other Senators, that the lips of :
the chairman of the Committee on Financc have [
given utterance to one reason which ought to de- -
termine us against it, and that is: Some person !
has, atone plunge, at one grab, secured one third j
of the whole amount which these Indians may j
get, either at this time or hereafter! And it seems !
to me that is not all; but that a member of one j
branch of the Government is also to pocket f
$30,000 out of this appropriation, if it should j
pass. That has been intimated to me, and I I
heard it in such a maimer that I think it may be j
fully proved. i
! A Senator. To what branch of the Govern-
ment does that person belong ?
Mr. WALKER. To the legislative branch.
That there is a secret, lurking desire to cast
censure on the once commissioner, Mr. Medill, is
to my mind self-evident. So long ago as 1842,
when that gentleman was in the House of Repre-
sentatives, he had occasion to make a speech, m
which he visited a certain other person who has
been high in authority in Wisconsin, with charges
of the most flagrant crimes. That those charges
have never, to this day, been answered is true.
That they were well made I believe, and the com-
munity believes, because they were not answered,
i'hat that individual, therefore, secretly treasured
up in his heart the determination to have revenge,
1 believe. The time has arrived. As soon as this
treaty was made, there came forth charges of
fraud against Mr. Medill, and they have been
pressed zealously ever since. Although the pres-
ent Commissioner states that there is no proof of
fraud, this appropriation is sought for; and not
only is there thus to be a triumph over Mr. Me-
dill, but some of those who make the charges of
villainy and avarice against him, are to pocket
$30,000 out of the money of the Indians.
What do you propose to accomplish for the In-
dians by making this appropriation at this time?
it is very evident that you are about to fill the
pockets of others. But do you place in the hands
of the Indians anything that will be available
even as a temporarary benefit? Would not the
grant of this money be an injury to them? They
are now living in the midst of the white pop-
ulation; the Government formerly assigned to
them a home, a distant one it is true, west of the
Mississippi; they vi&ited it, and found that it was
a country where they would be starved to death,
or where those who escaped starvation would be
killed by the Sioux, by the Chippewas, or by the
Winnebagoes.
They shrunk back to Wisconsin, for starvation
or death by the tomahawk weie all that awaited
them in that country, ind they are now located m
the midst of the whites; where the Maine liquor
law does not extend, but whene they can obtain as
much liquor us they desire. If this appropriation
shall be made, drunkenness, dissipation,and death
will prevail among those unfortunate people, and
what they do not spend in that way, they will be
swindled out of; the money will be gone before
they have proceed a mile fiom the place where it
has been placed in their hands, or tied up in the
corners of their blankets.
Is this the way to treat these Indians? They
are now m a country where they can exist, at least.
Will you furnish them with this money which
will do them no good? You will not only do them
no good, but by giving it to them, you will inflict
a positive injury.
When the time comes for their removal—and 1
am sure that the Legislature of Wisconsin will
not consent that they shall remain in that State—
it will be proper for the Governmentof the United
States to look at the condition of these Indians, and
consider the treaty they made, and how hard tluit
treaty is; and to consider the means of giving
them a home, and of providing them temporarily
with the means of subsistence, until they are able
to provide for their own maintenance. Such a
course would be statesmanlike, just, and honest;
but how often is it, when you make a tieaty with
the Indians, that any claims they may have against
the Government are suppressed? In all probability
until some secret agent, the enemy of his countiy,
and the enemy of the Indians alike, has dug it up
and exposed n, and then, after he obtains an as-
signment of the claim, we pay, not the Indians,
but this agent for having extracted it from the
Government. I am opposed to this course alto-
gether, and I do hope and trust that the appropri-
ation will be stricken out of the bill.
I am equally opposed to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,]
because, as I have already said, we do not know
what to do with the Indians. Suppose you adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Arkansas,
what will you do with them? Does his proposi-
tion suppose that the President shall explore and
survey a country for them ? Not at all. It is not
an appropriation for any such purpose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the Senator from
Wisconsin misunderstands the object of my amend-
ment. It does provide for and make the payment
of this allowanceto the Indians, subjectto the pro-
curing of a new home for them, as well as to pay
the expense of their removal, and the cost of their
II subsistence for twelve months afterwards. I em-
j braced these objects in my amendment, because I
believe it was stipulated by the treaty of 1848, and
is an ordinary stipulation, which is found in all
our treaties with Indians which relate to their
lands. It will be recollected that by the treaty of
1848, we assigned to these Menomonee Indians a
new territory west of the Mississippi, which they
did not like; and now the choice with them is be-
tween going to that territory or to some new coun-
try, to be assigned to them by the Government of
the United States, or their taking a portion of the
ceded territory; but in either case they must be-
come a serious charge to the United States. If the
State of Wisconsin agrees to allow them to remain
there, then I think it would not be going beyond
the limits of justice to say that they ought to have
as much of their territory restored to them as was
taken by this mistake, and for which they were
not paid. But, in any case, the purchase of a new
country, and the removal and subsistence of these
Indians in that countiy for twelve months, us is
proposed by my amendment, is to be paid for out
of this surplus, and the balance is not to be paid
to them until they have removed from the ceded
teriitory to such country as may be provided.
In regard to the balance itself, 1 have adopted
the provision in the original terms of the bill—
that it shall be paid to them in such manner as
the President of the United States may direct.
While I am up I will merely say to the Senator
from Wisconsin, that if such a disposition of the
money as I have proposed does not suit him—if
he fears it is to go into other channels than those
that will benefit the Indian, you have only to
adopt the expedient which has been twice resorted
to by the Senate—the paternity of which so justly
belongs to the Senator from Wisconsin—which is,
that the money shall be paid into the hands of the
Indian himself, and to no other person. That is
an amendment which I will not offer myself, for
I have some doubts as to whether it would work
altogether well; but if any other Senator chooses
to offer it I will not make any opposition. I know
it was agreed upon in the case of the $2,000,000
which were paid to the Creeks, and also in the
same amount which was paid to the Cherokees;
and the plan has been repeatedly resorted to for
the purpose of breaking down the influence of
agents, and of uprooting that kind of influence by
which many gentlemen suppose the proceedings
of Congress have been and may be surrounded.
I merely throw out these suggestions, which I
think aie a sufficient answer to what has been
said by the Senator from Wisconsin in regard to
agents, and the hands into which this money is to
go, and the agencies—the corrupt agencies—by
which these claims have sometimes been fished
Mr. WALKER. The explanation of the Sen-
ator does not obviate the difficulty to which I was
alluding when I took my seat. Neither the Pres-
ident nor any member of this Government knows
what to do with this money. The Indians them-
selves should be consulted as to where they will
go. if they will not go to the home which has
been provided for them, it is impossible to deter-
mine at present where they will go. They desire
to remain temporarily m Wisconsin, and Wis-
consin has consented that they may remain there
for a short time, and be located in the northern
part of the State, 1 believe; but it is utterly im-
possible for them to remain there for a very long
time. Settlers are nowscatteied over the whole
of the "Menomonee purchase." At this very
session we have granted preemption rights to the
white people there, of whom there are now twenty
thousand. As soon as the settlers advance, the
Indians must go. Will the Senator tell me where
he proposes to locate them, even with all this
money which it is proposed to appropriate? No,
sir. If he asks the Indians, can they take him
where they will go ? No, sir. Would he appro-
priate this money before,this Government or the
Indians know what to do with it? It seems to me
it is trifling to think of such a thing. What is the
amendment of the Senator^ It is to pay, instead
of the sum of £221,840, which the House have
put in the hill, the sum of $600,000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. With the permission of
the Senator from Wisconsin, I will state that 1
