2M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
framed to pay a fair price, and to give it to gentle-
men who, we knew, were able to go on imme-
diately with the work. I am sorry to hear the
honorable Senator say that he is unwilling to un-
dertake the labor of making the contract and dis-
posing of the work. It is a duty which belongs
legitimately to the committee of which he is the
chairman. This is a legitimate method of dispos-
ing of this branch of the public business. There
are precedents on the Journal showing that, here-
tofore, we have authorized public printing to be
done through the medium of the Committee on
Printing; and I hope the honorable Senator will
reconsider his determination.
The Joint Committee on Printing of the two
Houses can afford to do that which the officers of
tins body dare not do. They can afford to say
that they will give to gentlemen who are ready
and qualified to do this work, a fair price for it;
and they would not be censured for doing so; but
if the officers of the two Houses should do that, •
they would subject themselves to censure; and it j
is for the purpose of relieving them that I object j
to the amendment. I feel quite sure that the Joint i
Committee would be sustained in giving a fair
price, provided the work were done immediately
and done well. For these reasons I object to the
amendment, and hope it will not be agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I repeat that it is not to
avoid either labor or responsibility that I proposed
this amendment. I am as ready to perform labor
or to assume responsibility, here or elsewhere, as
any other Senator. I have never shrunk from
either. I would remind the Senate, however, in
support of what I have already said, that the
Committee on Printing are acting under the joint
resolution of 1846, which prescribes their duties.
When that committee was appointed they looked
to that resolution for the rule and prescription of
their duties; and I hold that it is not proper or
competent for the Senate to change that resolution"^
and make the committee a pack-horse—if 1 may
so express it—to perform any drudgery which it
may please the Senate to have performed in the
dispatch of its business. Why, sir, if you may
legitimately require us, under a resolution of this
sort, to do what it proposes, you may also require
us to go out into the streets and bargain for the
wood with which we make our fires; or you may
require us to establish a public printing office, and
then give all our time and attention to the details
of a printer's business. This might all seem
very right and proper in the eyes of th*e Senators
who are urging the adoption of this resolution.
But for myself, as a Senator, and as member of
the committee, I protest against it, and against
everything of like character and tendency.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] says
that the committee can perform this duty in a
manner, and give "a fair price " for the perform-
ance of this work, which the Secretary of the Sen-
ale and Cleik of the House " ilare" not do. Why
"dare" not do it ? Does the Senator mean to say,
or does he think, that the committee could or
would give more than "a fair price," and that if
they did, they would be censured, and justly cen-
sured, for doing so? Surely he does not. And
if not, why would not the Secretary and Clerk
" dare " do the same thing? A " reasonable
that is, a "fair"—price is what the resolution
and which not only permits, but encourages bad
faith in the execution of the public work. And
the second obstacle—the most pertinent, perhaps,
to be mentioned here, has been found in the action
of the Sencde itself—in this: that when the com-
mittee have time and again faithfully performed
their duty, in requiring the terms of the contracts
to be complied with, the Senate, instead of sus-
taining the committee, and thus insuring the
proper execution of the public work, have (inva-
riably, I think I may say, for I can recall no in-
stance of the contrary) abandoned and overruled
the committee, and sided with and sustained the
faithless contractor. This was the case during
the last Congress, as most of the Senators well
know; and unless some radical change be speedily
made in the system I have spoken ot, and also _m
the practice of the Senate, there is reason to fear
that the same things will be done over again dur-
ing the present Congress. In view of this state
of things, consider, sir, the position of the Com-
mittee on Printing! It surely is bad enough, and
the burdens you have already imposed upon us
are heavy enough, to entitle us to be spared that
which this resolution proposes to add.
The advocates of this resolution seem to agree
with me in condemning the contract system, and
speak o.f this as if it were a remedy for the evils
of that system. In this, I beg leave to say, with
all respect, they are widely mistaken. The prop-
osition of the resolution is, that a contract be made,
and it differs from the present evil system in no
material particular. It differs only in changing
the parties to the contract, and allowing latitude
for paying a somewhat higher price. Instead of
putting the work out to the lowest bidder, it names
the contractor who shall have it; and instead of
making it the duty of our executive officers, the
agent of Congress, it imposes that duty upon the
Committee on Printing. Supposing the committee
p be qualified to perform this duty and the con-
pet to be made, it might be that the work would
e better done and furnished in better time than it
has been our fortune to obtain under the present
system. But all that would depend upon the good
faith of the contractor, as it now does, and has
done for years past under the present system.
Where, then, is the advantage to be gained? Let
those find it who can. But, sir, suppose the con-
tract to be violated in this case, as it has heretofore
always been, there is this additional disadvantage
to the committee: They would then be liable to
censure not only for failure to perform the impos-
sibility of holding the contractor to his terms when
the contract had been made by another agency,
but as the! agents who themselves made the for-
| felted contract. For the committee and myself, I
I ask to be spared this additional burden.
Mr. G W IN. I can appreciate the desire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing to get
clear of the labor of making this contract. I can
appreciate his feelings. I know that it would
: take a great deal of his time to attend to that
work. But really I do not think his arguments
should influence the Senate at all. The Commit-
: tee- on Naval Affairs was raised for the purpose
of attending to the business of the Senate pertain-
ing to the Navy; and we all know perfectly well
j that they have to attend to business relating to the
I carrying of the mails. The Senate imposes that
T1 ic duties may seem simple, and the matters re-
ferred to them very trivial. True, the matters
referred to them are often very trivial; but they
are, nevertheless, very troublesome, and require
much time in attending to them. Senators can
convince themselves of this by undertaking for a
short time some of the duties they are so anxious
to impose upon others.
Even as it is now, and has been for the last two
years, it has been difficult for the committee to
perform their duties with satisfaction to them-
selves'—impossible it has seemed to give satisfac-
tion to the Senate or the country. And why?
The first obstacle in the way of success has been
found in the " contract system," under which our
printing has been, and is now, required to be done,
provides for. Let the Secretary and Clerk give i| duty upon them. One of the most responsible
that—as I am sure they would—-and who would, I; of the duties imposed upon them is the directing
who censure them? If any one, his i I or superintending of the great lines of mail steam-
censure would be harmless. I do not seek to save ers.
the committee from such responsibility as that. Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the Senator
'The Secretary and Clerk need not fear to incur it. i| one question. He alludes to the increased duties
Some Senators seem to think it an easy task to i! imposed upon the Committee on Naval Affairs,
perform the duties of the Committee on Printing. , I will ask him if, in these increased duties, the
, Senate have ever directed that committee to con-
tract with individuals for constructing ships or
carrying the mail? If they have done that, I will
E^dmit that the cases are parallel; not otherwise.
! Mr. GWIN. The printing is a specific object.
We must have it done, and we have appointed a
i Committee on Printing to attend to it. This is a
question pertaining to that subject. We must
; have the census returns printed; and as to the
additional duty which it will impose upon that
1 committee, it strikes me that if it is as laborious
| as it is represented, it would impose a duty upon
i the Secretary and the Clerk which would mcapa-
| ciate them for the discharge of their present du-
! ties, which are onerous. But I am convinced that
| the labor: which will attend this contract is over-
rated. I take it for granted that the parties
who have authorized this application to be made
to Congress are prepared to relieve the Committee
of this great labor, by laying before them the.eon-
ditions upon which they propose to do this work.
.They will do it in a manner so simple that it will
be impossible for the committee to misunderstand
the contract. I am confident that the labor of ma-
king this contract will be taken from the Commit-
tee by facts which will be laid before them by the
parties. I agree with everything which has been
said about the necessity of printing these census
returns in a manner that will make them a part of
the archives of the country, of which we shall not
be ashamed. I hope the Senator will review-his
determination, and consent to attend to this work,
and, if he does, I am sure he will do it as he al-
ways does the wonk which falls into his hands.
Mr.' CASS. It seems to be conceded on all
hands that we have arrived at a position in respect
to this business in which there must be some special
contract made. The census was taken a year and
a half ago. It has not been published and laid be-
fore us yet. I do not believe there is another
country on the face of the globe in which such
a delay would have taken place. The decennial
term will almost expire before the people get the
information contained in this census. So we are
treated in all our printing. Where is the Biennial
Register, which should have been laid on our ta-
bles ? Shall we get it this session or the next ?
A Senator. Who was to print it ?
Mr. CASS. I do not know who was to print
it; but it should be here. The law contains a pro-
vision that it should be here. So it is with every-
thing we have. All our printing comes to us after
the subject-matter of it has almost passed from
the public mind.
Here is some printing which is to he done.
How is it to be done? The proposition is to refer
the making of the contract to a committee of this
body. Can it be in better hands ? What is the
objection to it ? The honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas objects to the labor which it will impose
upon the committee. I suppose it will notamount
to much. They will have to go into no specific
details, for the facts will be before them.
But the Senator does not like the responsibility;
and then the proceedings of the .."committee have
been censured by the Senate! I never knew that
they had been censured. But is it not better that
this responsibility should be taken by a committee
of this body, rather than by the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the House? What was
said by the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] is very true, that they can make a more
just contract than the Secretary and Clerk, for the
best of reasons. If theSecretary and Clerk should
go to every man in the country and ask him what
he would do-the printing for, and thus brioj* it
down to the low.est bidder, which is the position
in which we are now, it would defeat our object,
which is to have the work done speedily. It can-
not be done unless it is done by persons who are
every way prepared to do it; and that preparation
is perhaps in the hands of only one or two. I
appeal to my friend from Arkansas, whether the
responsibility had not better be taken by himself
and the other members of the committee, than laid
upon the two persons whom he proposes to sub-
stitute for the committee, neither of whom, in a
practical point of view, has better information than
the members of the committee. Why, then, should
not the responsibility be with the committee? It
seems to me that it would be the better way to
treat this very extraordinary case.
Mr. BORt AND. I am sorry to trouble the
Senate any further. Still I feel it due to myself
and to the position I occupy in this matter, to say
a few words more. The Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] I am happy to find, agrees with me
upon one point—that responsibility should never be
avoided in this body. I am glad to be sustained
by his high authority. I certainly never have
avoided, nor desired to avoid, responsibility. I
hope I shall be joined in that respect by that dis-
tinguished Senator always hereafter, and that
when questions involving responsibility come before
this body, he will, with me, (to use a phrase com-
mon in the far West, where I live,) "toe the
mark."
I must confess that I cannot fully understand one
position taken by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr!
Bright,] and sustained by the Senatorfrom Michi-
