1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
lepaired at a very considerable cost, ($3,500;) and she is |j
now in charge of Lieutenant McCormick, with two engi- !>
neers inryd for the occasion, and has gone to leeward upon |;
a requisition of the Hon. T. B. King, to bring the members j
elect fro'ii ^-nn Djejro, Lo^ Angelei, and Santa Barbara, to j,
Monterey, where the convention for forming a State con-
fctitution wili this day meet.''' j
On the 12th of September, lie writes another i
dispatch to the Secretary a.s follows: j
Fi.ao Siiii  Ohio, San Francisco, \ \
September Id, 1849. ) I
Sir: The inclosed copy of a letter fioin Lieutenant ;
James McCoimick will inform you of the shipwreck and |i
total loss of the United States steam propeller "Edith." j>
My letter (NTo. 65) of tho 1st of September la^t informed you ;;
of the object for which the Edith was dispatched to lee-
ward, which will be better undo! stood by tho accompany- '
ing cop} of a lelUii irom the Hon. T. Butlei Kins, to ine ;
addressed t am pleaded to <av that, notwithstanding the loss
of the " Edith," the object o: her vi-il below ha* not been '1
defeated, as all tiio me'mbeiseleciedto the convention from '
the southern distiie?-, with a single exception, were m at-
tendance at Montoiey wlien the convention oiganiz^d foi -
business on Cloudily, the 3d in>tant, and, bv last accounts;, i
weie proceeding bainioniou-iy in their great woik.
f have tho honor lo bo, mo^t respectfully, vour obedient i
servant, TUGS. AP C. JONES, «,
Commander-in-chief U. S. Xaidt jorvcs, Pacific ocean. '
Hun. W'*. B. prfbton, Secretary of the Xavy.
It will thus be seen how this vessel waslost, that
cost, I believe, $120,000, and thus lost in the ex- .
ercise of authority conferred on Mr. King, giving j
him the- control of the army and navy of the \
United States, who originated an expedition that !
turned out to be wholly useless, as the delegates,
with a sineie exception, had proceeded to the con-
vention muepondent of it. The vessel could have
rendered important service at that particular juno ;
fnre, m carrying; supplies from one part of the j
country to another, its total ioss makes another
large item in the expenditures of the Government,
which have been so enormously incieased of late.
1 will progress ?i little further. J wish it dis-
tinctly understood that I speak on this subject
without the slightest intention of reflecting: on any- .
!<ody—certainly not upon Mr. King1. What he i
did he conceived to bent the discharge of his duty !
to the country. But t intend to hold this Admin-
istration responsible for the expenditure of public
money that has taken place in California, and
which is now creating a prejudice against neces-
sary appropriations for that State; and I intend to
show that the expenses heretoforeincuued in that
State, with the concunenee and sanction of the
Administration, have been, in some instances,
wholly unnecessary, and a waste of the public j
money. 1 will proceed with Mr. King; and 1 :
wish to call the particular attention of the honor-
ab'e Senator from Georgia, who is prepared to de-
fend this Administration, to another fact. Air. ,
f£ing returned to the United States, and made a •
report on California.
Mr. BERRIEN". Wj t'p. the permission of the I
Senator from CoUfurina, without clisi;!.'\mung a dis- ;
position to defend the Adirumstuitiou when I
think proper to do ?o, 1 br< to say that the Sena-
tor hos totally misconceived the* declaration which
1 made the other day. I said that this Administra-
tion was capable of'i defense, when the proper oc- ,
casion should arrive. 1 have not said (as the Sen-
ator now spvs) that I was prepared to make that
defense. But I desire to say that there was, noth- !
in? in tile remark which I made the other day that
authorized the Senator from California to appeal
to me in the manner in vrhieh he has done.
Mr. GWIN. I am very sorry that I misunder-
stood the Senator. I certainly understood him to
make a general statement to the Senate, that he
was \eiv much surprised at the course of remark
nursued'bv the Senator from Virginia.
' Mr. BEIIRIEX .So I was.
Mr. G WIN. I understood him to say further,
that he was not then prepared to go into a defense
(if the Administration, but that it was capable of
defense; and 1 drew the inference that it was his
intention hereafter to make that defense. If the
Senator's attention had been turned to what I said
in the o'ipnin;; of my remarks, he would have dis-
covered'that. I stated I would gii'e items to be de-
fended additional to those which the Senator from
Virginia had presented to the Senal f. tor I thought
the Administration needed a defense oil these sub-
lects 1 was merely calling the attention of the
Senator from Georgia to these facts, because he
had. as L conceived, on the part of the Adminis-
tration, thrown down the gauntlet, and I was pre-
pared to take it up.
I will proceed very briefly to call tne attention
of the Senate and 02* the country to one fact. Mr.
King, after his return to the United States, and du-
ring the recess of the Senate, was appointed to the
important office of collector of customs for the dis-
trict of San Francisco—the second appointment
conferred upon him during the time for which he
had been elected a member of the Thirty-first
Congress. He proceeded to San Francisco, and,
instead of remaining there to discharge the duties
of his office, he repaired with dispatch to the seat
of Government, and became a candidate for the
| Senate of the United States. He spent weeks at
1 the seat of Government, keeping "open house,"
| electioneering for the office of Senator, while the
duties of the office of collector were left to be per-
formed by persons inexperienced at least, if not
' incompetent. The incumbent of this high office
1 of 'the Government, enters the political arena
with all the power it conferred—power that he
: used on that occasion, if I am not misinformed,
i to promote his election to the Senate; for one of
, the most important considerations with some who :
1 sustained him was, that they expected to get
1 his place in the event of his election to the United
States Senate. He carried on that contest during
one hundred and forty-two ballots for Senator
with a spirit and energy rarely if ever before
; known m this country. The Legislature adjourned
! without making an election. Mr. King, holding
, this high Executive office, went before the people
i of California as a candidate for the Senate, it
! was charged—and I have not seen it contradicted
; by authority—that a large number of individuals
were employed in the custom-house who traveled
1 through the State of California, and endeavored in
every way they could to carry the election in favor
I of the piesent Administration, and especially to
secure a Whig majority in the Legislature in favor
, of the elecnon of Mr. King to the Senate.
We have seen, in the newspapers, a good deal
1 of credit given to the Treasury Department, be-
i cause it had recently greatly retrenched the ex-
'■ penses of the custom-house at San Francisco. I
, wish to bring to the notice of the Senate, and I
i wish the inquiry answered at the proper time,
whether or not these expenses had not been in-
| creased to an extiaordmary extent, to accomplish
i political objects; and when there was 110 necessity
' for these additional forces for these objects, the
I election being over and the Whigs defeated, then
; the retrenchment took place; and, to divert public
attention from the fact, credit is given to the Ad-
ministration lor this evidence of reform. Under
the unlimited power that we have given to the
1 Treasury Department, to exclude California from
1 the operation'of the general law, which makes it
necessary to report the expenditures appropriated
. 111 collecting the customs; for, owing to the great
i' distance of that country from the seat of Govern-
' ment, I have reason to believe that the expenses
of collecting the revenue there has increased to
; treble what they were under the de facto Govern-
i ment; when the'price of everything in that country
! was higher.
] There is another fact which, if m order, 1 wish
I to bring to the notice of the Senate and thecountry.
! That the nomination of Mr. King, which it was
' known to the Administration would be contested
' on constitutional giounds, was withheld from the
Senate,so that we could notaotupon it, until after
1 {he 4th of March last, when the time for which
he had been elected a member of the Thirty-first
Congiess expired—thus giving this coordinate
br.uicii of this Government in making appoint-
' ments to ofiice no opportunity of passing upon the
constitutionality of the appointment.
The Senator from Virginia referred the other
■ day to the extraordinary expense that was 111-
: curred m sending Air. Coiher, the first collector, to
California. He stated that from official papers in
' his possession he knew that there was nearly
], $35,1)00 expended for that purpose, furnished by
I the (quartermaster s department. What became
j' of the property? Was it, or any portion of it,
i' ever returned5' Certainly not. Here was an
i expenditure of near $35,000 ot public money m
! sending a collector to California, when he could
II have gone there by Panama m five or six months
: less time for $500, and should have paid his own
\ expenses, fie had as long a tail in his escort as
a comet. A number of them, when they got to
1 California at the expense of the Government, went
'i lhe;r way—some to the gold diggings, not con-
necting themselves with the Government at all. \
i! do not wish to do an injury to any person, but
it is my duty to state these facts, when, as I be-
lieve, the malpractice of the officers of the Gov-
ernment in California is likely to do great injury
to that State in the appropriations which she
now asks, and so much needs. It is a painful
duty to arraign any individual, but I must state
that this collector notoriously violated the law, in
seizing the cargoes of French vessels j that he con-
fiscated those goods, and, in further violation of
law, peddled them through thecountry; sold them
hereand there, and never made any return of the
proceeds of the sales of these goods, or none that
was intelligible. When his acts were disavowed-
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and h£ wan
ordered to return these goods, they had been thus
disposed of, and we were compelled, in order to do
justice to the citizens of France, to pass a law to
pay them from the Treasury of the United States.
Claims thus arising from the illegal acts of this
collector to the amount of a million of dollars, as
i was told by the French consul at San Francisco,
have been presented to this Government, and have
and now are being paid at greatly reduced esti-
mates by the Secretary of the Treasury. Was
not this a great abuse of power, which has resulted
in a great loss to the Gpvernment? In addition to
this, it was charged against this officer by mem-
bers of Ins own party that he had, in violation of
the sub-treasury law, used the public funds that
came into his hands for speculative purposes,
which should subject him to criminal prosecution.
Notwithstanding these violations of law, the
knowledge of which was in possession of the Ad-
ministration, when the districts were changed, the
same individual, with these heavy and grave
charges hanging over him, was again renominated
to the Senate for the very important office which
he had before held. But such was the effect pro-
duced on the Senate by the rehearsal of these facta
that he was almost unanimously rejected. The
official records of the country prove that this gen-
tleman, on whom I wish to inflict no injury, stands
charged on the books of the Treasury as being in
default to the Government for hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia give the name of the officer to whom he
alludes?
Mr. GWIN. I have already stated that these
charges are against Mr. Collier, the first collector
of San Francisco. I do not wish to inflict any
injury 011 him, or prejudice him in the defense of
his case; which is now undergoing investigation
in the courts. I will state another fact. I want
the Senate to bear in mind the daUs of these trans-
: actions. Mr. King's appointment was in April,
1849, immediately after the coming in of the
j present Administration; for I look upon it as being
i but one Administration from the 4th of March,
1 1849, to the present time. The date of Mr. Ool-
; lier's appointment is coeval with that of Mr.
: King's. I have read from official documents to
show that the whole of the military and naval
power of the Government on the Pacific coast were
put under the control of Mr. King. I will now
show, from the same documents, that the collector
holding the revenues of the Government was sub-
! ject to a similar control, as I stated some tune
1 ago:
Treasury Department, Jipril2. 1849.
Sir : This will be handed to you by the flon. T. Kmlet
King, if there should be in his opinion occasion for 90 doing
The object 01*this* letter is to impres-s upon you the desiie of
the President that you should, 111 all matters connected with
Mr. King's mission, aid and assist him in eairvmg out th -
views of'the (Government as expressed iu his instruction^
from the Department of State, and that you should be  uidfd
by Ins advice and counsel in the conduct of all piop^i
measures withm the scope of those instructions.
I am, verv respeetfullv, vour obedient servant,
W. M. MKHEUITIJ,
Secretary of the Tieu itry.
Jamks Colupt*, Esq.,
Collector of the Customs, Upper California,
About the same time, in 1849, agentleman from
the State of Missouri, General John Wilson, was
appointed an Indian agent for Salt Lake; and he,
also, was furnished with an extravagant out/it and
escort to conduct him to his agency.
He went to the Salt Lake, and stayed there long
enough to write a letter or two. He then went to
California with his family, his books, and bis
baggage of all descriptions. He was an emigrant,
' moving at the Government expense. He landed
m the valley of the Sacramento about the com-
mencement of the winter season, coufd carry hw
effeot# no further; buried them, and hurried on
