1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
gan, [Mr. Cass,] to which I have already alluded.
It is, that the committee can go further than the
Secretary and Clerk, and, in the price to be paid
for this work, do what those officers "dare" not
do. I cannot understand the precise meaning and
force of that position without an explanation. To
me, it 39 an enigma which I am not able to unrid-
dle. The resolution provides that the contract
shall be entered into at a 4 'reasonable"rate of com-
pensation. No one, I apprehend, who knows the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, and who has any knowledge
of the proposed work, will doubt that they are
peculiarly and eminently qualified to judge of what
is "reasonable" in this respect; certainly better
qualified than any committee that either House, or
both Houses of Congress can appoint. The Sec-
retary of the Senate has for years been engaged in
the performance of work of this very kind. It has
for years been part of his annual duty. He has
become perfectly familiar with it. The committee
would have to rely mainly upon him, if they un-
dertook to perform it. The Clerk of the House
of Representatives is, perhaps, one of the most ex-
perienced men in the business of printing that we
can find in this city or elsewhere. He is peculiarly
well qualified.
But I come back to a point which I wish to in-
sist upon. I said that m the joint resolution of
1846, under which the committee was raised, its
duties are prescribed. I hold in my hand the rules
of the Senate, from which I will read what are the
duties required from the Committee on Printing:
" A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members,
to whom shall be refened every question on tlie printing of
documents, reports, or other matter transmitted by either of
the executive depaitments, and all memorials, petitions,
accompanying documents, together with all other matter,
the prmtingot which shall be moved, excepting bills origin-
ating in Congress, resolutions olfered by any Senatoi, com-
munications from the Legislaluies,orconventionsla\vfu]ly
called, of the respective States, and motions to print by
order of tlie standing committees of the Senate; and ex-
cepting, also, messages and other communications fiom the
Piesideut of the United States, and such reports and com-
munications from the heads of departments, as may be made
to Congress, or to the Senate, in obedience to law, or m
answer to calls from the Senate; and it shall be the duty of
said Committee on Printing to report in eveiy case in one
day, or sooner, if piacticable."
You perceive from this the character of the du-
ties required of the committee. It is to report
upon the propriety of printing various papers
which come before this body, and we are required
to report, certainly in one day, and sooner if prac-
ticable. Will any one undertake to say that the
committee can perform the duties required by this
resolution in one day, or in one wpekt No one
who knows anythingabout it, would say they could,
be performed in a week. Even if competent to do'
it ever so well, I would not undertake to do it in
any time less than one month. A practical printer,
or one experienced in the performance of such
duties, might do it sooner.
The joint resolution prescribes also that the
committee shall audit the accounts of the public
printers. That duty they have been in the habit
of performing. But this resolution goes further,
and requires them not only to do this, and to
make reports, but to go out into the market and
make contracts.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] says
this is all very easy and simple, and will require
but little time and labor. He surely has never
looked into the manner of making the contracts for
the public printing. If he had but examined one
sheet of the calculations necessary to be made in
order to provide forthe different classes of printing,
he would not, he could not say that it is a simple
thing,and one easily done.
1 insist that the resolution under which the com-
mittee was formed, and the rule of the Senate un-
der which they have heretofore acted, shall be
adhered to and observed. And I protest against
bein°- required to perform these other duties, which
are altogether foreign to the purpose for which
the committee was raised, and for which it can be
legitimately employed.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Printing has made a remark which
seems to require a reply from me. He says that
I made use of an expression which is an enigma
to him, particularly when it was coincided in by
the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
He cannot understand how it is that the Com-
mittee on Printing can afford to give a higher price
for this printing than the ministerial officers of the
two Houses. I will explain what I meant by that
remark, but first let me go a little further back.
The first speech of the honorable Senator is a
sad commentary on our mode and manner of le-
gislating here. He states that we have a law au-
thorizing the letting out of the public printing to
tthe lowest bidder, and yet there is not a day that
we do not see a practical violation of that law.
Day after day the printing is laid on our tables
bearing on its face evidence of the violation of the
contract. It is our duty as legislators to improve
the morals of those for whom we legislate. It is
certainly immorality on our part to tolerate this
violation of contracts day after day. It is to pre-
vent that state of things that I advocated this res-
olution. I know that "there is a violation of the
contract regulating the public printing, and I be-
lieve that if we were to let out this class of valu-
able printing under this system, it would be vio-
lated again.
I have hitherto advocated the letting out of the
public printing to the lowest bidders. As a gen-
eral rule, I approve of that manner of disposing of
the public work, but having seen so many practi-
cal illustrations, which prove that we cannot get
our printing done m a suitable manner under that
system, I am now opposed to it. If this work
should be let out to the lowest bidder through the
officers of the two Houses, I do not believe that it
will be done in the manner which the public ser-
vice requires. If the officers of the two bodies
have the matter referred to them, I believe they
will have no alternative, and we shall have these
important returns printed like every class of pub-
lic printing forthe last few years.
Every morning we have public printing laid on
our tables. It is done under a law which provides
that it shall be executed on paper of fifty pounds
to the ream, and at u cost of seven dollars and a
half. Now, I presume those who execute our
printing will not pretend that their paper weighs
over forty pounds to the ream, or that it costs
more than five dollars. And I learn from othefs
that the paper on which the printing is generally
done is but two and a half instead of seven dollar
paper. Shall these valuable census returns be
thus printed? And yet, if we impose the duty of
making this contract upon our Secretary and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, will they
feel themselves authorized to do otherwise than
submit it to this ruinous system of competition
; which is productive of such lamentable results5
: The joint Committee on Printing, on the other
; hand, from their position before the country could
i do that which the officers of the two Houses would
j not venture to do. The joint committee could cal-
culate the cost of good paper; they could ascertain
j how much it costs per hundred ems to set type;
j they can sit down and in a few hours make a cal-
I culatiou showing how much the whole work will
I be worth; and then they can say to these parties
I on what terms they will be willing to make a con-
t tract. They can say we will give you so much
j for performing this work, meaning that they will
I give a fair price for paper and for setting the type,
■ and a fair profit on the work. That, I apprehend,
Congress is willing to give. We do not desire to
give less. It is for the purpose of avoiding the
evils resulting from the present contract system of
printing that it is proposed to give to the Com-
mittee on Printing the privilege of selecting those
whom we know can do the work, and do it well.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. These are very precious
confessions which the gentlemen are making.
The gentleman from Indiana tells us that the con-
tract system of letting our printing to the lowest
i bidder, has proved a failure; and the gentleman
j from Arkansas says that one reason of that is, that
j the Senate will not sustain the Committee on
i Printing in its efforts to prescribea remedy for the
I evil. What does all that mean? Why, that we
i have not the virtue and the firmness to rein up
; those persons who make contracts with us to jfer-
, form their duty. That I understand to be the
j plain English of it. I, for one, am not willing to
' bear any imputation of that sort. I wish to sus-
| tain the Committee on Public Printing in its
! efforts to make the undertakers, these employees
! of the Government who make contracts with us,
i perform their duty. I am not willing, for one, to
I say to my constituents, that " that rule by which
all your bridges are built, by which all your jails
i and your court-houses and public works are
! erected, by which you do everything: in your neigh-
borhood, and which works so well at home, fail#
in Congress, beftause we have not virtue and firm-
ness enough to have it executed." I am Sot
willing to go before the country with any Such
acknowledgment as that. Sir, if we will do our
duty—if we will say to these bidders who are en-
deavoring to get jobs and contracts, Put in such a
bid as you can live by, and if you do not, we in-
tend to make you suffer and feel the effects of your
own folly; nay, of your own frauds,—if we will
do that, my word for it we shall have our work
well and promptly done; and we shall have no
more complaints about not being able to get-it
done.
These acknowledgments are reflections upon,
this body, reflections upon the whole country,
and reflections especially upon the employees
thut they are permitted to trifle with their con-
tracts, to impose upon us a fraudulent article in
paper, to execute their work in such a manner a
that when the documents are placed in the ar-
chives of the country they will not last perhaps
ten years. These avowals are degrading to us
and to the country. We ought to enforce the
remedy by telling all these people, in the language
of the Senator from Arkansas, You must "toe
the mark;" you shall "toe the mark;" and if you
do not you shall reap the consequences of your
own folly and improvidence in making bids by
which you cannot stand. It is manifest that it is
the conduct of Congress, in endeavoring to patch
up those who put in improper and fraudulent bids>
that has led to the wnole series of mischiefs of
which complaint is now made.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the Senator
from Kentucky says that these are "precious
confessions," which have been made on this side
of the House, and that they reflect very injurious-
ly up (Hi members of this body. I am not respon-
sible for the inferences which may be drawn from
what he calls " confessions" on this side of the
House. I have always acted upon the rule, that
truth should be told, and I have told it. .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thank you for it.
Mr. BORLAND. I am notresponsible for the
inferences which may be drawn. I based my-
statement upon what I know to be facts, and I
will«give the case to which I particularly referred
at the time I made the remark. During the last
Congress the public printing was let out by con-
tract. As chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, I examined that contact; and my knowledge
of the printing business, though not extensive or
minute, was sufficient to satisfy me that the con-
tractors had taken the public printing at prices at
which, if the contract shoula be faithfully exe-
cuted, they would lose a large amount of money.
Before any of the public printing was done, I no-
tified them that this was the opinion of the com-
mittee—I reminded them of the fact that the
contractors of the preceding Congress had come
before us and exhibited a loss of about twenty
thousand dollars; and I knew that they (the new-
contractors) had taken the work at about twenty-
five per cent, lower, and that it was impossible
for the work to be performed according to contract
without heavy loss. By authority of the commit-
tee, I accompanied this notice with the assurance,
in advance, that they would be held to a faithful
performance of their contract, and that no work
below the contract standard would be received or
paid for.
Well,the work came in; it was at first a little be-
low the standard; it became worse; it got to be very
bad; it became intolerable; I rejected it. What was
the consequence? Was I sustained? In despite of
my rejection of it, the work continued to be done
in this inferior, this miserable style, and was sent
here, and piled up in the document room, till it
reached the ceiling. I was called upon every day
by Senators, who requested me to receive the
work. I refused. I said it was done in violation
of the contract; that I could not receive it, nor ap-
prove any account for its payment. The con-
tractor came to the Senate, and made his appeal
here; and the consequence was that I was over-
ruled, and the work was received. Senators had
thedocuments folded and sent to their constituents.
But the contractor never sent his bill to the com-
mittee while I remained in the city. He retained -
them till after I had left.
I was complained of, I was censured, but I
stood upon the contract, and insisted upon its
being executed. Senators "know that. 1
