1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29.
The SPEAKER. Being both privileged mo-
tions, the Chair thinks that it is in order under the
practice of the House.
Mr. JONES. I do not believs there is such a
ra.se upon the records of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there are
very many in the practice of the body.
I time, to make the motion to go into Committee of
1 the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
| gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] insists
i upon the vote on the motion to reconsider—which
1 it would be his right to do, unless it was super-
il seded by another question privileged in its char-
acter—and that is the precise question or proposi-
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask what has |! tton made by the gentleman from Michigan—the
become of the first question of order raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee? [Mr. Jostf.s.]
The SPEAKER. That question will be decided
when the motion to reconsider again comes up.
Mr. KING. Then the motion to reconsider
has not been entertained. It has only been pre-
sented, and the question of order upon it is pend-
ing.
The SPEAKER. It is presented, and the point
of order will be decided when the. subject comes
up again.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a vote upon the
motion of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stcart.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of acting understanding^ on this subject, I
wish to put a question to the Chair. When a
motion is made to reconsider, the House may con-
sent to pass over that motion and go to something
else; but the House has not consented to enter the
motion to reconsider made by the gentleman from
Michigan, and it is still before the House. It is
a privileged motion, and any member has a right
to call it up for action at any time. But it has
not yet passed from under the consideration of the
House, and how, then, can the gentleman make
another motion upon a separate and distinct sub-
ject ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Michigan has a right to move to
reconsider, and his right is also clear to move to
suspend the rules to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion.
Mr. STUART. The morning hour had ex-
pired when 1 made my motion.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to deter-
mine whether they will agree to the motion of the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the House refuses now
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, will not this subject come up as the
first business ?
The SPEAKER. It will; and the question of
order raised by the gentleman from Tennessee will
then be decided. The Chair does not see that the
rights of any gentleman are compromised.
Mr. STUART. Tlieuiution to reconsider must
go over until the morning hour to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That is true, it will have
to go over to the morning hour, belonging, as it
does, to the morning hour.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to pro-
pound one interrogatory to the Chair. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stbaut] submitted
the motion to reconsider, and then moved to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Could he then lmve called the previ-
ous question on it, and then have moved that the
House adjourn, before taking his seat, or being
recognized by" the ('lnur on any one of those mo-
tions '
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee appeal from the decision of the Chair?
If the gentleman appeals, the Chair will reply,
and give a great many examples within his recol-
lection.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. ! appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the 56th rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask a question of !j
the Chair, it" it is in order to do so. The Chair j'
has decided that the motion to reconsider belongs i;
to the morning hour, and I desire to know if any 'j
member has not a right to insist upon a vote on |1
the motion to go mto the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There can be no question
about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I insist upon a vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
make a single remark in explanation. Suppose
the House determines that the gentleman from
only thing that could be effected by the gentleman
from Tennessee would be to put the gentleman
from Michigan down, and to put the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] or some other
gentleman up, to-make a privileged motion that
would take the House from the proposition which
he seems desirous to get at. That is the whole
history of the matter.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller.] will withdraw his ap-
peal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the 56th rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is debate in order now, or is
it proper to have a vote upon the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. An appeal has been taken
from the decision of the Chair, and that appeal is
debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the appeal debatable now?
I understood the Chair to decide that it belonged
to ihe morning hour.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to withdraw his appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. FULLER. I will withdraw the appeal.
Mr. JONES. Now, admitting that the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] had the right
to make both motions without taking his seat, I
submit that the motion to reconsider takes prece-
dence of the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The ofjth rule
expressly provides that—
u When a motion has been once made and carried in the
atfinuative 01 negative, it shall be m order for any member
oi the majority to move tor the reeonsideiation thereof, on
the same or the stfeecedmg day ; and such motions shall
take precedence o{ all other questions, except the motion
to adjourn."
Mr. STUART. But in this case one motion is
in the morning hour, and the other is not. That
makes a distinction.
1 Mr. JONES. That makes no difference. A
reconsideration is moved. The rule provides that
j a motion to reconsider shall take precedence of all
i other motions, except a motion to adjourn; and
| therefore the motion to reconsider submitted by
I the gentleman from Michigan must take prece-
| dence of the motion to go into Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union.
| The SPEAKER, Will the gentleman from
| Tennessee answer the Chair one question ?
I Mr. JONES. I will, if I can.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
! tleman will find trouble to answer it satisfactorily
; to himself.
] This appeal, and everything connected with it,
; belongs to the morning hour, and mast go over to
the morning hour. If the motion to reconsider be
made, the whole debate upon that motion must be
' confined to the morning hour; and if any gentle-
. man rises in his place and moves to go to the con-
; wideration of any other business, it is in order,
; notwithstanding the motion to reconsider is one of
1 a privileged character. Does not, the gentleman
j from Tennessee agree that this statement is cor-
' rect?
; Mr, JONES. 1 think it is not exactly correct,
because the 5f>th rule provides that a motion to
reconsider shall take precedence of all others, ex-
cept the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Chair
and the House will allow me, I think 1 can save
some trouble in regard to this matter by makinga
simple statement to the House. It is evident that
the whole difficulty upon this subject has arisen
out of the hostility which has been excited on ac-
count of the omnibus bill presented by myself this
morning. I will now state to the House that I am sat-
isfied entirely by the vote of 100 to 60 upon this om-
nibus bill, indicating the feeling of the House in re-
gard to that bill thi« morning. I do not desire to
embarrass the proposition of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart;] and I will say that, after
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] had not a right, at the jl the immense majority against that omnibus bill
this morning, I am satisfied that the proposition
cannot prevail; and when the proper time arrives,
I pledge myself to withdraw it. 1 look upon it as
killed by that vote.
Mr. HAMILTON. There will be objection to
withdrawing that amendment.
The SPEAKER Does the Chair understand
the appeal from the decision of the Chair to l#e
withdrawn ?
Mr. FULLER. I will withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw his appeal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the House
refuse to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, will the motion to reconsider the
vote by which this bill was laid upon the table, be
the first business in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will be first in order in
the morning hour only.
Mr. HARRIS. But the motion to reconsider,
being a privileged motion, is it not competent to
call it up at any time ? Is it not in order to call it
up immediately?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
can only be called up as a privileged motion, con-
nected with and as a part of the business of the
morning hour.
Mr. HARRIS. I think, according to the 5Cth
rule, it may be called up at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for a vote upon the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; we have wasted time enough
uselessly in the discussion of this question.
The SPEAKER. No debate upon this ques-
tion is in order.
The House was divided upon the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and there were—ayes 78, noes 71.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of Tennessee, and
Clingman were appointed.
The question was again taken, and decided in
the negative—ayes 71, noes 86.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
REPORT ON PRINTING.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask if the
first business in order is not now the consider-
ation of the report of the Committee on Printing
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move now to take up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which this land bill
was laid upon the table.  
Mr. STANTON. I ask the Chair to answer
my inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] moves to call up the report
of the Committee on Printing, the consideration
of which was postponed till to-day.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to lay the motion
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey cannot make that motion, because the -no-
tion to reconsider is not before the House. The
Ckair decides that both these motions are dis-
tinctly privileged motions by the rules of the
House. He decided some minutes since that the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
1 the state of the Union was also a privileged ques-
! tion, which would take precedence of a motion to
| reconsider a vote, which is in itself a privileged
! question by the rules; and the rules declare that
' it shall be put if any gentleman desires it, to the
• exclusion of all other motions. Yet the rules are
! as positive and distinct that it is in order at any
! time for the Committee on Printing to report. The
] power of that committee to report at any time in
| perfectly clear; and in the opinion of the Chair, that
report having been made, and its consideration
postponed till to-day, carries with it the right to
call up the repon for consideration at the time to
which its consideration was postponed. The Chair
decides therefore that the consideration of the re-
port of the Committee on Printing is the first busi-
ness in order.
Mr. STANTON. My object is not to call up
that report for consideration by the House now,
for this reason: the Special Committee on Print-
ing and Joint Committee of the two Houses have
held several conferences upon this subject, and have
finally agreed upon the provisions of a bill, which
