THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 31, 1852.
New Series No. 125-
they intend to present as a substitute for the bill
introduced by the Committee on Printing, My
only object in calling it up now is to have it post-
poned till to-morrow, in order to give time to print
st. I move that the further consideration of the
report of the Committee on Printing be postponed
till to-morrow morning, and that the report of the
special committee be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky- I will say
to my colleague that the Special Committee on
Printing have prepared abill which they are ready
to report at any time.
Mr. KlNGr, of .New York. I desire to know
whether the report of the Special Committee has
yet been submitted to the House?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. KING. Then it is not yet in a condition
to be printed.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the committee
have their report ready, and I ask that it be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not the consideration of
the report of the Committee on Printing confined
to the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. By a special rule of the
House, it is in order for the Committee on Print-
ing to report at any time. The Chair, therefore,
thinks that the consideration of this report cannot
be confined to the morning hour.
[Cries of" Question!" " Question 1"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes to explain
the state of the question distinctly to the House.
The gentleman from Kentucky 
Mr. STANTON. I presume there will be no
objection. I ask that the report of the Special
Committee may be allowed to be printed in order
that members may have an opportunity of seeing
it. I presume the proposition will meet theunan-
imous consent of the House.
Air. KING, of New York. I object to that for
the present.
Mr. STANTON. I then move that the furlher
consideration of the report of the Committee on
Printing be postponed tili to-morrow, and that the
report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.* HARRIS, of Tennessee. I call up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which this rail-
road bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot call that up ex-
cept in the morning hour.
Mr. HARRIS. I call for the reading of the
56th rule.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I thought that the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] rose to a
privileged motion, t insist that the Chair shall
put the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands pre-
cisely the same question is made again Gentle-
men seem to be dissatisfied with the decision of
Chair in reference to this motion to reconsider.
The Chair would like to inquire of those who are
skilled in our practice here under parliamentary
law, what position that bill would be in if the
committee did reconsider it now? Could they find
any rule by virtue of which they could force the
House to consider it now ?
Mr. KING, of New York. I will say one word
upon this subject. These railroad bills have oc-
cupied the attention of this House from the com-
mencement of the session to the present time, to
the exclusion of all other business. It is time that
this log-rolling system should be stopped.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order1"]
The SPEAKER. Any feelings of this kind,
however, ought not to induce you, gentlemen, to
introduce a new practice into this House. The
Chair overrules again the question of order made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. HARRIS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and ask for the reading of the 5Gth
rule.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The morning hour
125
having expired, is it in order to move to proceed to
the business upon the Speakers table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
about it at all; but there is an appeal made from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BAYLY. But I! had the floor before the
appeal was taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to take an appeal. There is no question about
that.
Mr. STUART. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table, and upon that question I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRIS: I ask for the reading of the
, 56th rule.
i1 Mr. STUART. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that both
the rules, and all the rules upon this subject will
be read by general consent.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stijart] rises in his place and moves
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, under a rule which declares
that that motion shall be in order at any time.
The Chair thinks that is the question now before
the body. The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.
Harris] contends, that under the rule authorizing
any member to move to reconsider a vote of the
House, and to have it considered, that that is the
question now before the body. The Chair over-
rules the point of order taken by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] and he takes an
appeal from the decision uf the Chair. Another
gentleman [Mr. Stuart] has moved that the ap-
peal do lie upon the table, and upon that propo-
sition the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask a ques-
tion. Does not this motion to reconsider arise out
of business reported from the committee, and as
such belongs wholly to the morning hour'
The SPEAKER. It does; and belongs exclu-
sively to the morning hour. Such, certainly, has
been the invariable practice of the Chair, during
his service in this position. The Chair would
further remark, that unless we thus classify our
business, as has been the practice, we shall have
confusion so confounded that it will be difficult for
the wisest among us to get along.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
another question.
Mr. HARRIS. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARRIS. Then 1 call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to elicit a fuct from
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. That will be debate, but the
Chair hopes the gentleman will be heard.
Mr. HARRIS. I object.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw, for the present,
my call for the yeas and nays upon the motion to
lay the appeal upon the table, and demand tell-
ers.
Mr. HARRIS. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. I ask for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Penn and
Brooks appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 25, nays 94.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Meseis. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
Babcock, Thomas H. Baylv, Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus
Bisseil, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Brenton, Albeit G.
Brown, George II. Brown, Bin rows, Bu-^by, E. C. Cabell,
"Lewis D. Campbell. Thompson C'ampbeJ!, Caitter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Cimr'chwe)!, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, George
T. Davis, ihrntmck, Doekery, Doty, Duikee, Eastman,
Kdgerton, Edmundson, Swing, Fwkhn, Fitch, Florence
Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenovv,
Goodrich, Gteen, Harper, Hait. Hibbard, Hillyer,Iloiiaday,
IlorsforU, Houston. Howard, Thomas M.Howe, Hunter,
inger^oil, Jackson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz,Landry, Lockliait, iVlann,
MclVaii, Miller, Miner, Moloi.y, Henry D. Mooic, John
Moore, Murphv, Murray, Nabers, Old*, Orr, Samuel VV.
Parker, Peaslee, Pemi, Penniman, Phelps, Price, Rafttoul,
Bobbins, Schernnjrhoin, Scuiry, David L . Seymour, Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Staniv, Abraham P. Ste-
phens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Slrother, Stuart, Suth-
erland, Thurston,Totvnshend, Tuck, Venable, WaUmdge*
Waicli, Ward, Welch, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wil-
and Williams—112.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Beale, Bo-
cook, John H. Boyd, Briggs, Joseph Catrte, Caldwell,
Caskie, ■Clmstain, Ouliom, Dean, Disney, Duncan, Grey,
Hamilton, lsham G. Hairis, Haws, fiascaU, Haven, Hebard,
John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Andrew Johnson,
Geoise W. Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Martin, Mc-
Mulhti, McQueen, Miilson, Morehead, Newton, Outlaw,
Savage, Sehoonmaker, Benjamin Stanton, Wallace, and
Wdikins—39.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the rules be .suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, being put, it was
agreed to.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
So tly? House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Olds in the chair.)
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
motion not to be in order, for the same reasons
given yesterday upon a similar motion.
Mr. JONES, I ask the Chair to turn to the
rule, which prescribes the course of proceedings
in committee, which is, " that the Calendar shall
4 he called, and that the committee shall proceed
* to the consideration of business as called, unless
6 there be a motion to lay it aside, giving prece-
{ dence, however, to appropriation bills, and to
i some others under particular circumstances."
The order of this House, closing debate upon any
particular bill, does not make it a special order,
and compel the committee at each succeeding sit-
ting, to take up that same subject, i take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair requests the
Clerk to read a part of the special order, by which
debate was closed upon the river and harbor bill.
The latter part of the order was then read, as
follows:
"And the committee shall then proceed to vote on such
amendment* as may be pending, or offered to the same, and
shall then report it to the House, with such amendments as
may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. JONES. Exactly, and the Chair will see
that, on the resumption of the subject by the com-
mittee, it also cuts off five minute debates.
Mr. STUART. I cail the gentleman to order.
Mr. JONES. Is not the appeal debatable?
Mr. STUART. It is not.
The CHAIRMAN. Whether debate is in or-
der, depends upon the correctness of the decision
of the Chair. If, as the gentleman contends, de-
bate be closed upon the bill, no debate can be
allowed upon the appeal. The Chair supposes
that the order of the House, requiring the com-
mittee to vote upon amendments, and then to
report the bill, witn the amendments, to the House,
is a positive order, from which the Chair feels that
he cannot take the responsibility of departing.
That is the decision, and from it the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] takes an appeal.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?" it
was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, it had under consideration House bill No.
232, making appropriation for the improvement
of certain rivets and harbors. The question
pending was the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,] to strike out the word
" repairs and. insert the word " removal," in the
clause—
" For the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river below the rapid-; the Ohio, including the rc-
paiis of the* darn at Cumberland Island j the Missouii and
Arkansas rivets, ,y2(>0,OOO."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
