1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
who has been so very prolific in his investigations,
according* to the speech of my colleague from the
Richmond district, [Mr. Caskie,] and desire ta
know if he cannot come up and vote for this
amendment, it is true, that this river, which I
propose to improve, has not been surveyed over
the whole route.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish simply to ask raj
friend from Virginia, [Mr. McMulliu,] whether
he is disposed to vote for the amendment himself?
Mr. McMULLIN. Most assuredly. I shall
vote for it with great pleasure, and I am desirous
that thegentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour]
should vote for it. Tf he will come up and vote for
it, I have no doubt that it wiH pass. Propositions
have been presented to this House again and again,
which to my mind were just. If the committee
intend to pass this bill—as'it is supposed they do—
J appeal to them if they wish to carry out even-
handed justice, and if they have any regard to
population and taxes, that they will adopt this
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman say,
that if the bill is amended, he will vote for it?
Mr. McMULLIN. I will not; but that does
not aifec.t the question. I have a right to appeal
to those gentlemen who intend to vote for the bill
to do justice, i hope that my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] while he is
dealing out justice to all portions of the country,
will deal it out to that portion of the country which
I have the honor to represent in part.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to ask thegentleman a
question, whether, if the amendment prevails, he
will vote for the bill ?
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir.
Mr. MILLER. Then I have to sajr that I have
frequently heard of Virginia abstractions 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MILLER. I wish only to make a short
reply, and [ will yield the floor afterwards.
Mr. BAYLY. Suppose the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] will agree to vote for
the bill,will you agree to vote for the amendment?
Mr. MILLER. I have to say this, that I have
heard of Virginia afteractions, but this is the first
instance of a practical illustration of the term.
Here is the gentleman who offers that amend-
ment 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order, for not confining his remarks
to the amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I intend to make an applica-
tion of my remarks to the amendment which the
gentleman has offered. Hereisan honorable Rep-
resentative from Virginia, who believes that every
such appropriation is an infraction of the Consti-
tution, and that every such appropriation is a
wrong done to the Constitution, and votes against
all such bills; and yet he asks an appropriation of
some $30,000, and thereby seeks to induce this
committee to make an infraction upon the Consti-
tution. Yes,sir; he £oes further, and seeks through
this committee to induce the House of Represent-
atives to abstract §30,000 from the public Treasury.
This, I say, is a practical illustration of the term,
and truly, sir, may it be called a Virginia abstrac-
tion.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
len's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
clause, appropriating $50,000 for the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river,
atthe lower chain and English chain, by striking
out $50,000 and inserting $100,000.
The CHAIRMAN. We have not reached that
section of the bill.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following amendment:
For the improvement of Hie Mississippi, Ohio, Mis-
souri, Cumberland, Illinois,Tennessee, Arkansas, and Red
river, $700,000.
I am anxious to place this bill in a form in
which I can consistently act with my notions of
propriety and justice to the portion of country
which I represent. I am struggling to place my-
self and that community right upon the subject of
internal improvements. We are in favor of in-
ternal improvements; we are in favor of improving
the highways to market.
TheCEiAlRMAN. Thegentleman mustcon-
Hne his remarks strictly to an explanation of his
amendment.
Mr. WARD. I will do so, and confine myself
to the rules laid down. The interests involved in
that country are of far greater importance,, it
seems to me, than this committee are disposed to
give to it; not only on account of the immense
amount of property which is annually risked upon
those streams, but on account of the unnecessary
risk of human life, which should be above all
price and above all considerations. When we
behold from year to year and from day to day the
unnecessary sacrifice of life and property, we con-
ceive ourselves justified in calling upon this Gov-
ernment to make an appropriation large enough
to prevent such a sacrifice. The amount there
proposed will not do it; for after appropriating
the $100,000 for the sna^-boats, which it is pro-
posed to construct, and $50,000 to repair the dam
at the mouth of the Cumberland, you have left
only for tne improvement of over sixteen thou-
sand miles of navigable water, $110,000, a sum
that will scarcely compensate men to employ the
hands to do the work. Are the Representatives
of this mighty Republic so disregarded of prop-
erty and life as to permit this sacrifice still to be
carried on? It cannot be possible that the com-
mittee will refuse to give tne sum which is asked
to be given here? It will take at least the sum
proposed in this amendment to make the neces-
sary improvements upon the rivers embraced in
the amendments. I do think that the interests
of life and property which are involved here are
of sufficient importance to receive a favorable re-
sponse at the hands of the committee. I wish to
see this bill passed. 1 wish to see the system
commenced upon that just and liberal principle
upon which it can be sustained. I do not want
the whole valley of the Mississippi to be made
opponents of that system, because it is so im-
portant to their well being, as it regards both
property and life. If those who have framed this
bill are determined to abstract from us three quar-
ters of a million of dollars and to give us only
about $310,000, we will not submit to it, if we
can avoid it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to oppose the
amendment of my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ward.] I rise to oppose it, because
the amendment offered is in opposition to the prin-
ciples of propriety which should rule this House.
I oppose the amendment now, and I have opposed
no other amendment before, because I have waited
to see when patience should cease to be a virtue,
and when forbearance on the part of the House
would lead to some forbearance upon the part of
those who try the patience of the House 
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Are the gentleman's
remarks in order ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, I am in order.
[Cries of "Go on !" "Go on !"]
Mr. STANTON. I make the question of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair trusts that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will confine his re-
marks in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am confining myself to
the amendment, and I hope I shall produce some
amendment of another kind. [Laughter.] It is time
that gentlemen of this House should know that
we cannot and will not—we who are for the bill,
and the sober, rational part of this House who are
opposed to the bill—will not be dragooned into a
conformity with what we deem inconsistent with
our honor and the dignity of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Am I out of order?
The CHAIRMAN". Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will proceed in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the rules of the
House be insisted upon, and that the gentleman
take his seat.
Mr. ORR. I move that the gentleman be per-
mitted to proceed in order.
The question was then taken, and it was decid-
ed in the affirmative.
Mr.CHANDLER. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ward] says that he has a right to be ,
heard. Let him be heard, not in defense of hmi- :
self, not for any personal rights which I have, but
for that respect in which I have been educated for J
this body, and for that respect which the people j
of the country have for it. It is not to be over- '
looked that we are sinking in the esteem of the I
community, instead of commanding the public I
admiration. What I have said the committee can
comprehend.
Mr. YATES demanded tellers on the amend-
ment; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ward's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. YATES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the improvement of the navigation of th<? Mississippi
river, #175,000; for the Ohio, $100,000; for the Missouri,
#50,000; and for the Illinois, Arkansas, Tennessee, Red,
and Cumberland rivers, each, #40,000.
Mr. Y. said: I do not propose to discuss the
amendment. It is a^blain proposition; it speaks
for itself. I propose that amendment with a view
of placing myself right upon the record—to show,
sir, that I am in favor of the improvement of our
navigable rivers. Whatever my vote may be
upon this bill, this amendment, which I offer in
good faith, will show that I am in favor of the
construction of internal improvements by the Gen-
eral Government, when such improvements are
proposed to be constructed upon a proper princi-
ple. Now, Mr. Chairman, here is a fair amend-
ment. It proposes $175,000 for the Mississippi,
$100,000 to the Ohio, $50,000 to the Missouri,
and $40,000 to the Arkansas, Illinois, Red river,
and Cumberland rivers; in all, not half a million
of dollars. Now, sir, our western rivers and har-
bors ought to have an appropriation of at least
$1,000,000 to remove the snags, flats, and bars,
and to deepen the channels of said rivers. Look
at the vast extent of territory through which
these rivers flow. Look at the twenty thousand
miles of steamboat navigation, the ten millions of
people upon the banks of those rivers, interested
in their navigation, and at the $250,000,000 worth
of property annually floating upon these streams,
and at the immense sacrifice of life and property,
and I repeat that we ought to have $1,000,000ap-
propriated for the improvement of these rivers. I
only propose by this amendment to have a half
million of dollars appropriated.
I contend, sir, that if this committee is willing
to do fair and impartial justice to the western coun-
try,they will adopt this amendment. Voteitdown,
if you please—vote against our western rivers and
harbors; but the time will come when we shall have
the power to resist such oppression, and such par-
tial legislation. I, sir, am not to be deterred in
offering my amendment by gentlemen who say
we are attempting to tire down this committee.
There is a majority of this committee in favor of
this very appropriation of half a million of dollars
to the improvement of our western rivers; but the
voice of the committee is smothered by the deter-
mination of gentlemen to vote against all amend-
ments, right or wrong. And, sir, when we get
into the House they will move the previous ques-
tion, and cut off all amendments. I, sir, should
like to see their names on the record.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels con-
strained to remind the gentleman that he must
confine his remarks strictly to his amendment.
The Chair called the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Chandler] to order for proceeding with
remarks of a similar character.
Mr. YATES. Well, sir, I do not wish to pro-
ceed out of order. I shall say nothing more, but
ask for a vote on the amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. It. must be obvious to
every gentleman in the committee that this amend-
ment cannot be adopted. I most respectfully sug-
gest, therefore, to the committee that we decline
entering upon any further amendment, and come
to a direct vote upon reporting the bill to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman are not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I be£ to savin reply to
thegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Miller] 
[Cries of " No!" "No1"]
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman tells us
that he has at last found out what Virginia ab-
stractions consist of.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to confine debate strictly within the rule.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Yates's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE offered the following amendment:
That the sum of $50,000 be appropriated for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Willamette river, in the Ter-
litory of Oregon.
Mr. L. said: I have very little hopes, from the
