1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
in the town of Grii&denbutten, in the State of
Ohio;" which, having been read a first and second
time by its title, he moved that it be put on its
passage.
Mr. H. said: I only wish to say in reference to
this bill, that by an act of Congress in 1824, a lot
of ground, about one acre m extent, was granted
to this town for the purpose of a market square.
The inhabitants of the town have now become so
few iti number that they no longer need the ground
for a market square, and they ask that they may
be permitted to use it for other purposes. The
United States have no use for the ground at all.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed,
was read the third time anil passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, made ait adverse report
on the petition of William Fisher and Solomon
Wood; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred House bill No. 37,
to relinquish to the State of Iowa the lands re-
served for salt springs therein, reported back the
same to the House without amendment and with
■a recommendation that it do pass; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.RANTOUL,from the Committeeof Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the Orange and
Alexandria Railroad Company; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McMULLIN, from the Committee on Ag-
riculture, reported back with an amendment the
bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by grant-
ing to every man who is the head of a family and
a citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culm*
tion of the same for the period herein specified;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. McM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, printed, and made a special
order of the day for the first Tuesday of February
next. i
Mr. COBB. I suggest to the gentleman from j
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] an amendment, that it i
be considered from day to day until disposed of. |
Mr. McMULLIN. That is part of the mstruc- j
tions under which I act. _ j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a point j
of order. The bill cannot be made the special !
order without unanimous consent. ;
The SPEAKER. It requires a suspension of
the rules. It cannot be made a special order unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am not at liberty to de-
part from the instructions of the committee; but if
it be the pleasure of the committee and of the
House, I will move that the bill be printed and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made a special order of the
day for the first Tuesday of February next, and
so continue from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the motion to make this bill a special order cannot
be entertained, it being objected to on the left of
the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the gentleman f&m Georgia [Mr. Stephen's]
withdraws his objection, and it can be made a spe-
cial order of the day by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB. I suggest to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johvson"] that it should go to a
Committee of the Whole House, and not to the
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the Union.
If it goes there we shall never hear of it again.
Mr JOHNSON. I am in hopes the objection
will be withdrawn. There will be ample time,
and the bill can come up and be consideied m its
proper place. . i
Several Members. a I object. j
Mr COBB. I desire that the gentleman from |
Virginia [Mr. McMuj.lt*] will consider whether |
the bill should not go to a Committee ofthe~WhoIe. j
I have never known a bill considered in the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in j
my life.
i
Mr. McMULLIN. I accept of the modification j
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.] j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If this bill be j
committed to either committee, it certainly should 1
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It is a general bill—-one notin the na- j
ture of a private claim, but proposes to dispose of j
a large portion of the public domain of the coun- j
try; and it is one which will suggest itself to every
member of the House as proper to go the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I j
submit that motion. ,
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no authority to act j
for the committee, but so far as I am individually
concerned as a member of the committee, and of
this House, I would accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Before the
question is taken upon the motion to print, I de-
sire to give notice of my intention to introduce an
amendment, which I ask to have included in the
motion to print, that it may be printed along with
the bill.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed, to-
gether with the amendment offered by Mr. Brown.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the memorial
of James Rogers, asking compensation for the
loss of a horse by his son, who was killed in Mex-
ico; which "was ordered to he upon the table and
be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Edward Everett, late surgeon
in the United States Army; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILCOX, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill entitled "An act for the
relief of David C. Cash and Giles U. Ellis; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed. ,
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affair* be dis-
charged from the fmtliei consideration of the petition ot
Benminni Holbiook, a^kinp fur a revision ot the decision ot
tile tUuud ot' Coimmssioneis un Mexican Claims and that
the same bo refrired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BURROWS, it was
1 Ordered That the Committee oil ATival Affairs, to which
was refeired the. petition of IraBaldwin, prnyms for tlie
' pavment of a balance due linn on a contract with the T\ avy
Department, lie disdiai-ed frtim the further consideration
of the same, and that it be lefened to tlie Committee ot
Claims.
On motion by Mr. MILLSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. to which was referred the petition of Jesse l'rencn,
of Braintree, a«kimr for a pennon ; and the petition or
Cornelius Ziely, asking for aback pension, be discharged
fioni the farther consideration of the same ; and that they
be severally referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John W. Robinson; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a commit-
tee of the Whole House, made the order of the day i
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed. I
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com- ;
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported bills for the j
relief of Gardner Herring and Silas Chapman; ,
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to a committee of the |
Whole House, made the order of the day for to- i
morrow, and ordered to be printed. _ j
On motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, it ^
was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions, to
which were referred the petition of John Gallagher, for an j
invalid pension ; the petition of Alexander Kstep, praying |
for a pension from the time he was disabled m the war ot
181° to the time lie was placed on the pension list; ana ,
the~petition of 11. L. Gaines, praying for arrears of pension , |
be discharged from their fiuthu- consideration, and that j
they he severally oidered to lie on the table to be printed. ,
Mr H. also, from the same committee, to ;
whom was referred the bill concerning invalid
pensions, reported the same back to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
He moved that it lie upon the table; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. ST. MARTIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Philip Miller; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions of John Concklin and
Richard L. Jones, for increase of pensions; which
were severally ordered to lie upon the table, and
be printed.
Mr. KUHNS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report in the following
cases; which were ordered (,p lie on the table and
be printed, viz: ■ '
On the petition of Edward Q,uin for a pension;
On the petition of Mary Wright, of Conneaut,
Ohio, for a pension; and
On the petition of William Batchelder for a
pension.
Mr. 1C. also, from the same committee, reported
two several bills for the relief of Aloro Tripp and
Joseph Johnson; which were read a first and sec-
ond time by their titles, referred to Committees of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EASTMAN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported two several bills for the
relief of Robert Milligin and Sylvanus Blodget;
which were read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to Committees of the Whole House,
made ^ the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the cases of Benjamin Holland,
Hugh Wallace Wormly, and Mary Prettiman,
praying for pensions; which, were severally or-
dered to be on the table and be printed.
Mr. MOLONY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made two several adverse reports in the
cases of Sarah Smith for a pension on the ground
of the services of her husband, Elba Smith; and
on the bill for the correction of an error in the
pension of Orris Crosby; which were ordered to
lie oil the table and be printed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported
two several bills for the relief of Amos Knapp and-
Artemas Conant; which were read a first and sec-
ond time by their titles, referred to Committees of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. M., it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the paperi
of James W. Low from the flies of the House, for the pur-
pose of reference in the Senate.
Mr. STUAttT, by unanimous consent, intro-
, duced tlie following resolution; which was read,
1 considered, and .adopted:
1 Resolved, That the Committeeof Claims be instructed
1 to inquire into tlie expediency of erecting spindles and pla-
cing buovs upon the "Muselc Ridges," on the coast of
M'line • awl that the said committee be authorized to take
from the files of the Houae anv papers sjiowmg the neces-
sity ot erecting spindles and placing buoys, upon said Muscle
Ridges.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I rise and protest against
the publication by the returning officers of the
United States for the Territory of Utah, on their
return, in Missouri papers, and now in the Jfea
York Herald, and before it is communicated to
Congress, of a report, extraordinary in its details,
of high crimes and misdemeanors, and calculated,
if not intended, to prejudice and render odious a
distant and dependent people, and to involve them
in inexplicable difficulties with the General Gov-
ernment. I ask for them a suspension of public
opinion—of executive and legislative action—until
the truth can be elicited touching the grave charges
contained in ail ex parte report. _
Mr CARTTER. I Wish to inquire of the Del-
egate from Utah whether he himself did not pro-
cure that publication, and cause it to be sent to the
Mw York Herald; and whether it is not a gar-
bled report of the Utah affairs?
Mr. BERNHISEL. I reply that I did not fur-
nish, or cause it to be furnished.
Mr. CARTTER. My information is, that the
gentleman from Utah is the only person who has
had access to the documents in the Department,
and that there is reason to suppose that he caused
the communication in theAeio York Herald (which
is a garbling of the report) to be sent to that pa-
per. If that is the case I should like to see an
investigation had.
Mr. BELL. I ask leave to introduce a bill, ot
! which previous notice has been given.
