1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
result of the votes upon the amendments that have
been offered this morning;, that this amendment
■will be adopted. I nevertheless know that the
appropriation asked is a just and necessary one.
Karly in the session of the legislative Assembly
of Oregon, the Legislature passed a joint resolu-
tion asking an appropriation of twice the sum I
here ask for this very purpose. The importance
of the uninterrupted navigation of that river was
known and felt by the Legislative Assembly of
that Territory, and they have, therefore, appealed
to you for the appropriation necessary to effect '
this object, so essential to 4he prosperity of the
country, and, in the event of a war with the In-
<Mdrts, so important to the transportation of troops
and supplies of our army.
I ask for a small sum of money for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the only tributary of the
Columbia river at all valuable for steamboat navi-
gation. This river empties into the Columbia
about ninety miles from its mouth. The naviga-
tion of the Columbia is uninterrupted for first- i
class vessels to the mouth of the Willamette, !
from whence large vessels ply for a distance of j
twenty miles up that river. At present, there ex- ;
ist serious obstructions to the safe navigation of j
the last-mentioned river, capable of being removed I
at a comparatively slight expense to the General ;
Government, and I trust that, in view of ihe'im- j
j)orfance of the commercial advantages of that J
river, the committee wili waive their seeming de- '
termination not to permit any amendment to the'
bill before them, and grant the appropriation ]
asked. It is in vain to think of the inhabitants of i
that Territory effecting the object for which this j
appropriation is asked. The pioneers of that s
country are unable, however willing they might j
be, to engage in such an enterprise. The Terri- j
tory I have the honor to represent here, has |
neither demanded nor received huge appro- :
priations for any purpose, nor has she asked for '
that not absolutely necessary to the immediate I
wants of the Territory. The amount asked by j
this amendment, it is true, is insufficient to the !
completion of the work, but'if granted now, will ;
insure a survey, &c., by which appropriations j
may hereafter be made, with a full knowledge of i
its importance, and the means necessary to the |
completion of the work. I repeat, therefore, that
I hope the committee wilt waive their seeming
purpose to pass this hill only as reported, and
permit the amendment I have proposed to pass.
The question was then taken upon Mr. JLanr's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the following
amendment:
To strike out .$">0,000, and insert #100,000 foi the im-
provement or the Des Moines rapids, on tne Mississippi
river.
Mr. R. said: The sum of ^50,000 proposed by
the committee to improve the Des Moines rapids,
in the Mississippi river, is wholly inadequate and
insufficient to accomplish that object. It is not
sufficient for the expenditure of a single season.
The Government has heretofore appropriated sums
for the removal of these obstructions in the river.
They have appropriated small sums, and by the
time they have had their boats and materials ready
to proceed to the work, the appropriations have
been exhausted, and nothing beneficial has been
done. The rocks will have to be removed for sev-
eral miles, and in doing so you can have the work
going on at the same time the entire distance, if
the appropriation is sufficient to authorize it.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would ask the
gentleman, what length of time in the course of the
year can you work upon the improvements in that
place?
Air. RICHARDSON". Upon an average six
months, some seasons more, and of course some
less; but the average about that time. For about
three months, as a general thing, the river is ob-
structed bv ice, either being frozen over or float-
ing ice. For two or three months, as a general
thing, the water is too high? but from July until
the first of December work can be performed on
these obstructions. The fact that you have work
done only a portion of the time is an argument in
favor of increasing the appropriation proposed by
the committee, and in favor of the amendment'I
propose. The experience of the past ought to
satisfy the committee, if they have studied it, and
studied it well, that this amount is too small to do
any practical good there. If the intention is merely
to give to the West enough to be appropriated to
contractors for the purpose of undertaking to do
work, and to engineers and those who are in t)ie
pay of theGovernmentand in its employment,gen-
tlemen have accomplished it, and will accomplish
but little else, 1 fear.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] pro-
Founded an inquiry which, I think, more properly
ought to make of him. i would inquire of him,
what amount of time he has found it reported that
work can be done upon these improvements?
Mr. FULLER. Less than six months in the
year.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is the report made to
you by men who have been upon the grounds op-
erating upon this work? What extent of time do
they say they can work there ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. We have
had before us in determining this amount, the pre-
cise time. It is less than six months, according
to my recollection; but I cannot tell the exact time.
I wish, however, to say, in reference to this matter,
to the gentleman from Illinois,-[Mr. Richardson7,]
that the amount appropriated, he will see by the
terms of the bill, is for two chains—this work hav-
ing been surveyed, and numbered, or named in
specific divisions. The lower chain is at the lower
part of the rapids, and the English chain is next
above, and the gross amount, I think, which is ne-
cessary to complete the work upon these two chains
—and not the work for this one year, but actu-
ally to complete it—would be between $(50,000 and
$70,000. The committee supposed that $50,000
would be an ample sum to remove the obstructions
that could be removed in one year at these points,
which are the most serious obstructions to the
navigation.
Mr. HENN offered the following amendment:
Htnke out the word "fifty," m the twenty-eighth lino,
and insert the words " sixty-siv," so that it wiil read : " For
the unpiovement of the Des Moines iapidd, m the Missis-
sippi uver, at the lower and the English chain, .$66,000."
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, my object in of-
fering that amendment is, to cover the estimates
made by the Topographical Bureau, which esti-
mates have been made, I believe, since the action
of the committee upon that subject. The com-
mittee noted upon the old estimates principally.
On the 14th of last month, the Topographical Bu-
reau had their attention called to the subject by
the Senate committee. The head of that Depart-
ment has made an estimate for the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids, a part of which com-
munication I wish to read to the House:
"Taking tins data, and considering from former expe-
rience, that pieparation^ need not be made so long before-
hand, I have the honor to « binit, in conformity with too
letter of the Hon. Mr. Hamlin, an estimate tor the cmrent
year, or tor the fiscal year ending 30 th June, 1853. .$60,000
Add tun per cent, for coMingcncioa  6,000
Total $66,000
" But if it he considered desirable to work on both rapids
at the same time, the double of this estimate would be more
appropriate, say $13*2,000.
" I beg leave to state that the better,way is to opeiate on
one of the rapids (the lower rapid) at a tune, beginning at
the lower end, and gradually ascending as an adequate pas-
sage is accomplished.
" The bojit.s, machinery, tools, and working materials,
have to be preserved, while the work is suspended, and
good responsible men have to be kept in pav to aid in
watching over and preserving the boats, &c. On these ac-
counts the ten pei cent, for contingencies is added to the
estimates. Kespectfully submitted,
"J.J. ABERT,
" Colonel Corps of Topographical Engineers.
sc Hon. C. M. Conrad, Secretary of tfrar.,>
In regard to the time, Mr. Chairman, that can
be profitably employed upon these rapids in one
year, the Department estimates it at three months,
and it estimates the necessary expenditure per
month at $20,000, making $60,000 for the three
months. I would have liked very much to have
had an appropriation in this bill for the upper or
Rock Island rapids, as well as the lower rapids,
but inasmuch as the committee have seen fit only
to provide for the lower rapids, and the Depart-
ment is of the same opinion, I shall at the present
time, I fear, be compelled to be satisfied, if I can
get the amount increased for the lower rapids to
that estimated by the Topographical Bureau, to
wit: $66,000.
lavish to say one word in connection with these
rapids, in order that the House, or that portion
of the committee who have not examined the sub-
ject, may understand the truth of what has been
stated by some who have pretended to have been
upon the rapids, to wit: 66 that it is necessary to
blast a channel, through the rocks, two hundred
feet wide, for the whole length of therapids."
This is not the case. The appropriation asked
for is mainly for the purpose of straightening the
channel by cutting off the points of rocks that
project, and to render thereby the channel, nos.
only of greater width, but more easily navigated.
I have a map here of the lower rapids, and also
one of the upper rapids, and gentlemen who are
interested in this question, if they will look at the
map, will see what is the precise work necessary
to remove these obstructions, and thereby not
only render the great Father of Waters navigable
for large boats, for an increased distance of more
than live hundred miles, but which will save
thousands upon thousands of dollars annually to
the people of the Mississippi valley. I hope, Mr.
Chairman, that the committee will at least give
the small increase I ask for this object.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hen\t,s
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, proposed the
following amendment:
In the twenty-sixth line, after the words " I>es Moines.'9
insert "and Rock river." Strike out all after the word
" river," in the twenty seventh line, to the woid " fifty" in-
clusive, and insert "one hundred."
Mr. C. said: I do not propose, sir, to take up
any of the time of the committee in discussing this
! amendment, as there is no prospect of its prevail-
i ing. I would beg leave to inform the committee
! that last fall there was a convention held at the
city of Burlington, in the State of Iowa, when
four States and one Territory—the Territory of
Minnesota—were represented. That convention
memorialized Congress for an appropriation of
money for the improvement of the Des Moines
and Rock river rapids, as contemplated by the
amendment I have just offered, which provides
that ^100,000 shall be appropriated for the im-
provement not only of the Des Monies, but the
Rock river rapids also. My object in offering the
amendment is to carry out the intentions and
views of that convention. I had thorrght that
those who had the charge of the proceedings of
the Burlington convention, and those to whose
care they were confided, would have seen that a
report upon the memorial would have been mad©
to this House, that the importance of the objects
embraced in the memorial might have been brought
home to the members of the committee themselves*
and that the attention of the country might have
been attracted to the necessity, in a commercial
point of view, of doing something towards remov-
ing the obstructions at the points referred to. But
in this I was disappointed.
That memorial was quietly referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Whether that committee
deigned to take into consideration the memorial
and request of that large convention, in which four
States, all lying on the Mississippi river, were
represented, is a matter which I do not pretend to
express any opinion upon. Jt would seem from
the appropriation that they had resorted to other
modes of receiving information, than to the pro-
ceedings of that convention. That convention,
composed as it was of delegates of the most influ-
ential and respectable character, representing four
States and one Territory, was entitled, I appre-
hend, to be heard with respect, not only by this-
House, but by that committee. My object, then,
as I said before, in offering the amendment, is to
carry out, in some degree at least, the wishes of
that convention, having an appropriation made,
not only for the Des Moines rapids, but also for
the improvement of the Rock river rapids. The
sum of $50,000 appropiiated for the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids, is wholly and entirely
inadequate. They could go on and improve all
the chains of the Des Moines rapids at the same
time that they are improving the two chains des-
ignated by the committee, if they only had the
means to do so. Where, then, will be the ad-
vantage, if you improve one chain and leave
another chain immediately above it, that forms an
equal obstruction to the navigation of the river?
Wfmt have you gained? What have you accom-
plished? If you are going to make an appropria-
tion, make it large enough to be of some advant-
age, and that will apply immediately, and do not
have the work continued from time to time, leaving
obstructions to be overcome in the navigation as
difficult and serious as they were before the ap-
propriation was made.
