212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I insist upon
going through with the call for reports.
Mr. BELL. I would not have asked leave for
the purpose indicated, had I not supposed that the
call upon committees had been gone through with.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to propound a
single question to the Chair. X want to know if
there is upon the Speaker's table a communication
from the President in answer to the resolutions of
inquiry introduced by the gentleman from North
Carolina, originating from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, in relation tj> the matter just spoken of?
If there is, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House that it may be referred to the Committee
on Territories, that they may get possession of
the question before it is judged of by the public.
A Member. Regular business is not yet through
with.
The SPEAiCER. There is a communication
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will wait until we get
through with the regular business.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution.
It was read for information by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the practicability and expediency
 f providing water by tanks, wells, or otherwise, upon the
following loutes to California: From Red river via EI Paso
del Noit'e, the mouth of the Gila, to Los Angeles; from
Independence via The South Pass to Sacramento ; from In-
dependence, via Salt Lake aud Humboldt's river, to Sacra-
mento.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving, made the following report, viz:
The Committee on Engraving recommend to the House
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Eneraving be? and
they are hereby authorized to contract for lithographing or
enguiving eleven (11) maps accompanying the President's
message, provided the cost shall not exceed four thousand
dollais; and four mapo accompanying the report of the Sec-
retary of War, showing the positions of the fortifications of
the country, provided the cobt shall not exceed seven hun-
dred dnfiais.
And the committee further report, that there are a large
number ol plates accompanying the Pitsident's message,
showing plans for the eonstiucuon of buildings in navy-
yards, and for such like purposes, which they do not pro-
pose to have published.
Mr. GORMAN moved to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and Hammond ap-
pointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported-
ayes 73, noes 46.
So the motion was agreed to.
< Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I voted upon the last motion under n mis-
apprehension, and therefore move to reconsider
that vote. I do not desire that it shall come up
now.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
question was put and agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up and con-
sidering the bill authorizing the Architect to con-
tinue in employment the workmen engaged on the
additions to the Capitol.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will request my
friend to withdraw that motion, until we can get
off the table some Executive communications
which ought to be referred. There is one I want
to get myself. It will take but a few minutes.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion.
THE CUBAN PRISONERS.
The^ SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
SfTge from the President of the United States:
which was read, as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives a report of tile
Secretary of Mate, relative to the persons belon™ to the
expedition of Lopez, who were taken prisoners in Ciihn
and afterwards sent to Spain, and who have non been nar
lioried and released by her Catholic Majesty. The annra
priation, the expediency of wliieh is suggested in thereDort"
I cordially commend to the consideration of Congress with'
the single additional suggestion, that to be available it
should be promptly made. MILLARD F1LLMORR
>\ asiiington, January o, 1852.
[The communication from the Secretary of State
covers the dispatches of the 12th ultimo, from Mr.
Barringer, the minister of the United States at
Madrid, announcing the pardon and release of the
prisoners taken in Cuba. It also recommends an
immediate appropriation for the purpose of pay-
ing the expense which may have been, or maybe
incurred in administering to the necessities of
those persons while in Spain, and until their re-
turn to the United States; and represents their
condition as forlorn and deplorable.]
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, it was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
LIBRARY OF CANADIAN PARLIAMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication from the President of
the United States; which was read, vizt.
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I transmit to the House of Representatives a copy of the
resolution adopted by tile Legislative Council of Canada,
together with the copy of the note by which the resolution
was communicated to this Government, expressing the sat-
isfaction (ft' that council at receiving intelligence of ceitain
donations in aid of the reeonstruction of the Iibrmv of the
Canadian Parliament. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 2, 18o2.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annua! report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the condition of the finances; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting a memorial addressed to the President of
the United States by the petty officers, seamen,and
marines attached to the United States squadron in
the Pacific ocean, asking for increase of wages for
the time they have served, and may serve faith-
fully in cruising in our vessels of war upon the
western coast of America, and the islands adja-
cent. The Secretary of the Navy, in his commu-
nication, unhesitatingly recommends such addi-
tional compensation begranted to the petty officers,
seamen, and marines, who served in the Pacific
ocean and upon the coast of California, during the
late war with Mexico, and until the present time,
as Congress in its wisdom may'deem just and
proper. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Territory of Minnesota, (Mr. Alexander Wil-
kins,) transmitting, in accordance with the pro-
visions of an act to establish the territorial gov-
ernment of Minnesota, a copy of the laws of
Minnesota Territory, passed at the last session of
its Legislative Assembly, and of a code of laws
adopted at the same session.
The SPEAKER stated that he had had the
communication in his possession for several days
past, but as yet has not received the documents
referred to.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the com-
munication was laid upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the reso-
lution of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Marshall,] to which he had objected.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
Mr. HASCALL asked to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, authorizing
the names of certain widows of revolutionary of-
ficers to be placed upon the pension roll.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, objected.
THE CALIFORNIA MINT BILL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I desire, if
it is in order, and I know it used to be, to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means as to the reasons why the bill
has not been reported back to the House for the
establishment of a branch Mint in California?
The SPEAKER. The courtesy of the House
has usually allowed such interrogatories.
Mr. MARSHALL. It simply accords him a
right he ought to have.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the question of
the gentleman from California, I have only to say,
that the Committee of Ways and Means have not
acted upon the subject of a Mint at California or
at New York. They have not yet taken up that
subject. They have been engaged with other mat-
ters for a portion of the time. Some of the com-
mittee have been out of the city, and we could not
get a quorum. For the last ten or twelve days I !:
have been unable to come either to the committee
or the House; hence we have not been able to
take up the subject.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to-day, making an
appropriation to carry into execution the 12th
article of the treaty with Mexico.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 18, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Robbins and Caldwell appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 102; noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that, under the decis-
ion of the committee heretofore, the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caktter] comes
up first as the unfinished business.
Mr. CARTTER, with the unanimous consent
of the House, withdrew his motion.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the next business
in order was the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama proposing to refer to the standing com-
mittees the President's annual message.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved that the
message be laid aside.
The question was put and the motion wa3 dis-
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question im-
mediately pending was the motion of Mr. Sey-
mour, of New York, to amend the 8th resolution,
bWnserting before the word "harbors" the words
'Covers and."
if The 8th resolution proposed to be amended was
read, as follows:
8. That so much of said message as relates to commerce,
the improvement of harbors, reciprocal trade between the
United States and Canada, and other British possessions
near our frontier, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ROBINSON. The House need not ap-
prehend that it is my purpose to detain them very
long. Standing, as I do, at the head of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, I feel it my duty,
however, to say a few words in opposition to this
amendment and in reply to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Seymour,] the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, who offered it. The
Committee of Ways and Means, as the House
will observe, when they reported these resolutions
to the committee, it was with a view of parcelling
out and referring the President's message, and
have referred so much of the President's message
as relates to rivers to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. The gentleman at the head of the
Committee on Commerce desires that all that re-
lates to the subject of rivers should go to his com-
mitte2. I am aware, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] stated, that it has been the
practice—an improper one, I think, however—for
a very few years past, to send everything relating
to rivers to the Committee on Commerce. To
show that it is an improper practice, allow me to
read the 98th rule:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Roads and
Canals to take into consideration all such petitions and
matters oi things relating to roads and canals, and the im-
provement of the navigation of ri«rs, as shall be presented,
or may come in question, and be referred to them by the
House; and to report thereupon, together with sueh proposi-
tions relative thereto as to them shall seem expedient."
The rule in reference to the Committee on
Commerce makes no reference whatever to the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers. The prac-
tice has grown up within a few years past, of
making this Committee on Commerce a kind of
reservoir, that has drawn into its vortex everything
of this nature. The consequence has been, that
they have reported what are termed omnibus bills
like the one reported and passed by this House at its
last session, and which fell in the Senate. Now,
if this House, composed as it is of a very large
majority of Democratic memhers, will carry out the
principle—one of the fundamental principles of the
party, as I think—and if they will undertake to
break tip this system of omnibus bills, they will
then pursue that course of legislation which will
