1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
I do not agree with the honorable chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Seymour,] that the improve-
ment of the natural channel is an experiment,and
that the $50,GOO appropriated ill the bill is suffi-
cient for that purpose. The committee had before
them the report of Lieutenant Lee, in which he
shows that the improvement of the natural chan-
nel is not only practicable, but preferable to all
other modes. And the correctness of that report
has never been questioned, except by those who
have an interest to subserve, in preventing the
improvement of the rapids altogether, that they
may continue to profit by a continuance of the
obstructions. I say, sir, that their improvement,
ill the manner indicated, has ceased to be an ex-
periment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the eighth item of the bill by striking out
"$75,000," and inserting" §150,000," so as to
make it read:
For openhi? si ship channel of sufficient capacity to ac-
commodate the wants of commerce tiliotigh tile most con-
venient pass leading from the Mississippi river into the
<julf of Mexico, $lo0,U00.
Mr. M, said: In offering this amendment, I am
not influenced by any factious motive; neither do
5 wish to condemn the action of the committee at
all. I suppose, sir, they perceived that a bill had
passed the Senate making an appropriation of
$75,000for this object, and they took it for granted
that that sum would be sufficient. If they had
taken into consideration the immense amount of
commerce which goes through that channel—being
within a fraction of $54,000,000 to foreign coun-
tries, probably a like amount coast-wise outwards
and half that amount inward—I feel very confi-
dent that they would have put down the sum
which I now propose, or more. This subject
has attracted the attention of the public, because
one of the principal channels has been used, for
several years past, as a ship-channel. The bar
has been gradually increasing until now ships of
the larger class, that formerly navigated there
freely, are entirely prevented from entering the
Mississippi. If the members of this committee
will notice a document that has been laid before
them, they will see that the largest class of ships
have been detained there from five to forty days.
I am impelled by a sense of duty to offer this
amendment, because I believe that the sum appro-
priated in this bill is totally insufficient to do any
efficient work, even during the present season;
but I will state, that if the committee is determined
to make no amendment, I shall be satisfied.
The question was then taken on Mr. Moore's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORE then moved to amend the ninth
item of the bill, which reads as follows:
" For removing the raft of lied river, §50,000,"
by adding thereto the following:
To be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, who sllall contract for keeping the navigation free
for the space of two years after the removal of said raft.
Mr. M. said: I do not desire to increase the
sum. I believe it is as much as could be conve-
niently expended this season. I offer that amend-
ment because it is according to the recommenda-
tion of Captain Shreve, who, I will venture to
assert here, was the most efficient and practical
engineer that has ever been employed by these
United States. Unless something of this kind is
done, any appropriations made towards clearing
that raft will finally prove inefficient.
In 1839 Captain Shreve recommended that a
slight appropriation should be made to keep the
channel open for two years. Had that appropria-
tion been then made, there would have been now
no necessity whatever for making any appropria-
tion. I do not know that I can convey to the
minds of this committee anything like a descrip-
tion of the country around this raft; but I will en-
deavor to do so, and to show the reason why it
becomes absolutely necessary to keep that part of
the river open for a year or two after the raft is
removed. Above this raft (which is an accumu-
lation of drift timber) the river is pretty wide,
and is navigable for five or six hundred miles at
high water. At that point it suddenly becomes
narrower. Just above the raft the high lands on
the western side recede, leaving a wide valley, and
again touch the river at Shreveport._ Along the
foot of these high lands there is a chain of bayous
and lakes. These lakes, or portions of them, '
were, as I suppose, formerly the valleys of the !
bayous or rivulets which drained the high lands, ;
and were.formed into lakes by the action of the
former raft below Shreveport, which backed up j
the water and formed deposits at their outlets. I j
judge this, because there are many standing trees !
tn those lakes. The action of the raft has thrown 1
the current over the bank, just at the head of this
raft, and cut out small channels. The great body
of the water flows out there and comes in again
in two channels, just above the town of Shreve-
port. The peculiar quality of this river is, that j
its waters contain large quantities of sediment 1
that has gradually deposited and partially filled
up the old channel of the river between these '
points. The banks, therefore, are of a loose, !
alluvial nature: and if kept open for two years,
will gradually cut out its natural channel, and j
keep it entirely clear of drift, as it does now below i
Shreveport, where probably the greater portion of 1
the original raft lay. I think the amendment ne-
cessary, and hope that it will be adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Moore's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCURRY moved to amend the bill by
striking out the following item:
"Foi a survey of the harbor at the mouth of'frinityriver.
Texas, £3,DUO,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Foi a survey of Trinity river, Texas, including the bar
at tile mouth, $3,000.
Mr. S. said: It will be apparent to the commit-
tee that I do not propose to increase the amount
of the appropriation. I merely desire to correct a
mistake which has been made in this item by the
Committee on Commerce. There is no harbor at
the mouth of Trinity river, but there is a bar there
which obstructs the navigation of the river, for
which this appropriation is intended. I believe
that the appropriation will be sufficient to continue
the survey as far as it is necessary to be made.
I have no complaint to make of the action of the
Committee on Commerce upon this subject. The
appropriation is sufficient to satisfy me, if it is
changed so as to secure the object for which it is
intended.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I rise merely to say that
this amendment is one which ought to be adopted.
The statement made by thegentleman from Texas
is correct.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Scur-
ry's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, offered the following
amendment to the bill:
For survey of harbor at the mouth of the St. John's river
and Appalachicoia bay, .^2,000.
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, it was my pur-
pose to have asked this House for an appropri-
ation for the purpose of improving these harbors,
but the committee and the House seem determined
not to grant appropriations of this kind without
such detailed information as it is not in my power
now to give. I am collecting that information.
Memorials have been sent to Congress at different
times, and there is a good deal of information in
the Department bearing on this subject, but it is
not of a character which I believe would induce
the House to make the appropriations necessary
to improve those harbors. I now ask for an ap-
propriation of $2,000 for each of these harbors—
at the mouth of the St. John's and of the Appa-
lachicoia, for the purpose of surveys.
If the obstruction at the mouth of the St. John's
river should be removed—and I believe it can be
for a very moderate sum—it would open the nav-
igation of that river for two hundred miles. There
is a point on the St. John's river at which we can
approach the navigation on the Gulf of Mexico
about sixty miles; and if this appropriation at the
mouth of the river should be deemed practicable—
and I believe it will be so found—it will shorten
the transit across the isthmus of Florida very ma-
terially. It is for that reason that I ask an ap-
propriation of §2,000, which, I understand, will
be sufficient for the survey. The city of Appa-
lachicoia is the third in importance on the Gulf of
Mexico. The exports from that city amount to
about §10,000,000 annually, and if it were in any
other locality, I need not say to this House how
large an amount would have been obtained for the
improvement of that harbor consequent upon the
great importance of it. I have not, however, the
kind of information before me which is necessary
to influence the action of the House in regard to
that harbor, and therefore I only ask for the small
appropriation of $2,000 for a survey.
1 trust, sir, that in consideration of the modera-
tion of my request, and in consideration of the
fact that I represent twelve hundred mites of sea-
coast, if there is anything national anywhere, it
seems to me this improvement is national. I ask
for this small appropriation, and nothing less, and
I hope this committee will grant it.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment,
Mr. CABELL demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment, and upon a division there were—ayes 34,
noes 40; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the Chair thinks he has the right to order tellers.
Messrs. Hendricks and Hart were appointed
as tellers; and the question being again put, it was
decided in the negative—ayes 55, noes 76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following amendment
to the bill:
For the connection of the Cumberland road, west of
Springfield, m the State of Ohio, $200,000, to be expended
on the present surveyed and located line between the said
town of Sprmgfioid, Ohio, and the Indiana State line.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. BELL. From that decision f take an ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
submits an amendment for the construction of
the Cumberland road between the town of Spring-
field, Ohio, and the Indiana Stateline. The Chair
decides the amendment to be out of order. From
that decision the gentleman from Ohio takes an
appeal. The question now is, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgmentof thecommit-
tee'
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I do not think
the committee could have understood the object of
the amendment submitted by me a short time ago,
or they would have agreed to it. I offer the follow-
ing as a proviso to that clause of the bill providing
for the removal of the Red river raft:
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall be authorized
to contract for keeping the navigation of said river open at
that point for one year after the removal of said raft.
The CHAIRMAN. At what portion of the
bill does thegentleman propose to insert his amend-
ment?
Mr. MOORE. At the end of the thirty-ninth
line.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed that clause of the bill, and it is not in order
to refer back to it.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
After the word " harbor," in the forty-fourth line, insert
"•510,000," so that the section will tead: For a break-
water at Richmond Island harbor, $T0,000; and for re-
pairing the breakwater at Portland harbor, Maine ,$10,000.
Mr. A. said: Mr. Chairman, I do not offer this
amendment for the purpose of making a speech on
it. Still less do I offer it for the purpose of em-
barrassing the bill. I cannot say, as the gentle-
man from Ohio did yesterday, that upon the fate
of my amendment will depend my vote upon the
bill; for my vote will not be determined by any
such consideration. I shall consider the measure
as it may present itself when the final vote is takei
on it, and shall then act with relation to it as, on
j the whole, I think it deserves. But the bill is open
to improvement; and I offer my amendment in
good faith, in order to improve it.
There are two works mentioned in the clause
under consideration, both of which are recognized
by the committee as coming within the scope and
principles of the bill. But the appropriation in-
serted for them is wholly inadequate to do them
justice; and neither of them can be omitted with-
out doing wrong to the commerce of that part
of the country to which they apply. One of them
—Richmond Island harbor—is intended to com-
plete a harbor of refuge on the Atlantic coast,
where naturehas almost completed it already. The
estimate for this work by the Department lias
never been less than $10,000, and no less sum will
complete it. It is a -work suggested by the Coast
