1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
was ordered. If the House shall refuse to com-
mit the report, the House wili then, under the op-
eration of the previous question, be brought to
vote upon the proposition to print, alone. When
that motion is disposed of, the Chair is of opinion
that it will then be competent for the House to
make such other disposition of the report as it
may see fit.
The Clerk here commenced the call of the roll,
but before any response was made,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said; I did not
understand the ground upon which the Chair
placed his decision against the point of order made
by myself. Was it upon the ground that the
Chair had previously decided the question that a
motion to commit with instructions was itself in-
divisible? •
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that it
was not competent for the House first to take the
vote upon the commitment, and then upon the in-
structions.
Mr. STEPHENS. So I understood.
The SPEAKER. In that the Chair was sus-
tained by the House. If, therefore, it is not in
order, the Chair remarked, to take a separate vote
first upon committing, and then upon the whole of
the instructions, m the opinion of the Chair, it
would not be in order to take a separate vole upon
a part of the instructions.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, I take an appeal
from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair further remarked,
that the instructions were, in his opinion, scarce-
ly divisible, independent of that objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. They are, certainly, not di-
visible.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that upon
two grounds he may well decide against the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Georgia, and they
are these- that if gentlemen will look at the in-
structions they will see, the Chair thinks, that they
are not divisible, as proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia; and secondly, that if they were so,
it would not be in order under the decision of the
Chair, in which he was sustained by the House,
to divide the instructions, for the reason that the
Chair has decided, and the House has sustained
that decision, that it is not in order to take the
vote first upon committing, and then upon the
whole of the instructions, and that therefore it
would not, be in order to take a separate vote thus,
upon a part of the instructions. Upon these two
grounds, the Chair overrules the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. I shall submit to the Chair
a very few remarks on the appeal which I take.
Mr. HOUSTON. The previous question has
been ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the House will in-
dulge me only for a few moments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
happy to hear the gentleman if it was the pleasure
of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to give the Chair
my views.
Mr. CABLE. I object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding, as it is too late to take an appeal. The
call of the roll having commenced, it is certainly
too late to take an appeal. If, however, it is not
too late, I shall not object to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER. No response had been made
to the call.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to ask the Chair a
question. If the vote now is in the negative—
against committing with instructions 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have the
floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia cannot debate the appeal, and therefore the
Chair doubts whether he has the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am entitled to the floor,
if anybody is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
rises to a question of order, in this immediate con-
nection. , , ,
Mr. STEPHENS. Do I understand that any
gentleman objects to my giving a brief explanation
of the views I entertain upon this point t
The SPEAKER. It was objected to by a gen-
tleman on the right of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. I thought the objection was
made on the ground that it was too late to take
an appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If one debates,
all will have to debate, and therefore, with all re-
spect to the gentleman from Georgia, I must object
to any debate.
Mr. FICKLIN. I now desire to ask the Chair ,
this question: if this vote is in the negative, will !
it then be competent to commit without instruc- |
tions, or to make any other disposition of the re- j
port that the House chooses? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it j
would be.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 call for the reading of the
first clause of the 53d rule of the House, and then
for the reading of the resolution down to the point
where I ask that the division may take place, and
the subsequent proposition commences.
The Clerk read the first clause of the 53d rule,
which is as follows:
" Any member inav call for a division of a question,
winch shall be divided if it comprehends piopoHtious in
; subi-tance so di.-ttnct that one'toenig taken away, a sub-«tan-
; tive proposition  liall remain for the decision of thellou^e."
| The first portion of the resolution, if divided as
S proposed by Mr. Stephens, would read:
1 u Resolved, That the repoit oi the Committee on Punting
! be recommitted to the Committee on Printing with instiuc-
tions to report on the whole subject, and to recommend lor
the adoption of Confess such a system foi the execution
of the public printing a?, thej may deem most expedient."
The second branch of the resolution reads as
follows:
"And that they especially take into conMdeiatimi the
plan tor a printing buieau, for the execution of the woik,
under the -mpeivision of a Government officer."
The SPEAKER. It would then read, if the
first branch of the instruction was rejected,
" Resolved, And that the committee especially," &c.
Mr. STEPHENS. "That the report be re-
committed to the Committee on Printing, and that
they especially take into consideration," &c. I
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CABLE moved to lay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask if this identi-
cal question has not been already decided?
The SPEAKER. It has been decided, in sub-
stance, some three or four times since we have
been engaged on this matter.
Mr. STEPHENS. Tins question of order has
not been raised, as I will show to the House, if 1
am allowed to proceed. It is an entirely distinct
question.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair and the House
decided, ten minutes ago, that it was not compe-
tent for the House to vote first upon a proposition
to refer, and second on a proposition to instruct.
The Chair, therefore, decided, that even if there
were two distinct propositions contained m the
instructions, if the House cannot vote separately
upon the whole of the instructions, they certainly
cannot do so upon a part of those instructions. It
is, however, for the House to determine theques-
tion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cable s
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair sustained as the judgment of
i the House.
| [A message was recived from the Senate, by the
! hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., then" Secretary,
! transmitting a bill winch had passed that body to
| prevent public executions in the District of Co-
lumbia.]
I The question then recurring on the commitment
t of the report of the Commiltej on Pi inline, with
■ instructions, it was put and decided m the negative
' —yeas 75, nays 89; as follows:
; ynA? Mev-rs. Aiken. Allison, A=he, Avoiett, David J.
! Bailev, 13ia"g, Krenton, Albeit G. ttiown, Joseph Cable,
! Thompson Campbell. C<ntter, Ca-kie, Chapman, t hitman,
! f'oifei (-'ui ti>, l)iin iniok, Dotv, I0a*tman, J' ie.\hn, r loj d,
' Fowler,Ga\ lord, GiddingSjGoofienow, Gtey,G.'0\v, hainp-
i son W. Hams, Howard, John W. ilowo, Thomas Al.
! Howe, Huntei, Ive-, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Jolm-on,
i John Johnson, J. Gianc} Jone-*. PnMon Ivliils Jvuitz,.Lrm-
i dry, Mace, Mann, Mason, MeLanahan, uleN.ui, Me
iier.d, Tuck, Venable. Walbmi^e. Wallace, Washburn,
Add-on White, and Woodwaid—7-r> ,
NAYS—Mc^-rs. Abeiciombie, Willis Allen. John Apple-
ion. William Appleton, Thom«u?II. Bajly,
Novum, Bimg-s, Biooks. K. Carrinyton Cabell, ( liandlei,
Chaxt.uii, CM.uk, Cobb, Culloni, John G. I)avi>, Dawson,
Dean Disney, Pockery, Edjjerton, Edmundson, Lwiwi,
Freeman, Thomas J D Fullei, Gentry. Gorman. Gieen,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haipei, Isham G. Harris., liart,
Flaws, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Horsford,
Houston, fjijreis-oil, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George \V. Jones, George G. King, Letcher, Lockfeart,
Humphrey Mars-hail, Maitin, McCoikle, McDonald, Mc-
Mullin, Meacham, Miller, Miner, Morehead, Murray, Isa-
bels, Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Polk, Por-
1 ter, Ross, Sackett, Savage, bclrermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
; Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Fiederick P.
i Stanton, llichaid H. Stanton, Stone, Stuait, Sutherland,-
j Sweetser, Taylor, George W. Thompson, Ward, Watkins,
j Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—69.
. So the motion was not agreed to.
{ Mr. HALL, I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
i upon the table.
j Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I raise the
i question of order, that the vote having already
; been reconsidered once, the motion of the gentle-
■ man from Missouri is not m order.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
i motion is not in order.
! Mr. OLDS. Is it in order now to move to
! commit without instructions ?
I The SPEAKER. 'Not until the previous ques-
> tion has exhausted itself upon the motion to print.
; Mr. OLDS. Suppose the House should refuse
.' to print, would it then be in order?
I The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
The question was then taken on the motion to
II print, and it was not agreed to.
Ij Mr. VENABLE moved the following resolu-
| tion:
j' Raolvedj That the Joint Committee on Punlingbe re-
ij quested to contract with the lowest lesponsible bidder,
11 alter ten day^'notice, for such woika4- the present contiaet-
| \ or has tailed, or may fail to execute accoidmg to contract,
il Mr. yENABLE addressed the House an'hour
in explanation of his opposition to the action of
the Committee on Printing; and in support of the
proposition submitted by himself.
[For the speech of Mr. V., see the Appendix.]
Mr. GORMAN. I move to strike out from
the resolution the resolving clause, and insert the
following:
Resolved, That the report be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
And upon it 1 move the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust the
House will not sutler this—[Cries of " Order!"
" OrderI trust that they will hear the propo-
sition I design to submit by way of information,
if the previous question is not sustained.
Several Members. Read it' Read it!
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] will be lead.
Mr. POLK objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there a proposition now
before the House to commit without instructions ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. That proposition comes up
as an amendment. Will the Chair rule that as a
simple proposition to commit without instruc-
tions? 1 wish to know that.
The SPEAKER. There have been no instruc-
tions to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MARSHALL. Do I understand the
Chair to state that there is objection to reading
the proposition 1 wish to offer'
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated so dis-
tinctly.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it competent for the
House to have it read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has his rem-
edy. Does lie appeal?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not appeal, but it is
strange.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to state
that there is a demand for the previous question,
which cuts off all debate and all amendments.
\ Mr. MARSHALL. I am not designing to re-
' fleet upon the Chair at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Vexabi.e]' submits a resolution,
; based upon the report, declaring that the Commit-
tee on Printing be requested to let the printing out
to the lowest icsponsible bidder. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Gomus] proposes to strike
out the whole of that resolution; and he submits a
simole resolution that the report be recommitted
to the Committee on Printing, and upon that prop-
1 osilion the previous question is demanded.
■ Mr. ORR demanded tellers on the previous
' qUM".°HOUSTON. Myobjectistoinquireofthe
|! Chair, so that there may be no doubt about it It
il the proposition made by the gentleman from Indi-
