1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
make all those measures relating to harbors and
rivers stand as much as possible each upon its own
merits, so that the meritorious and unmeritorious
will not be thrown together and the whole be de-
feated. The gentleman from New York took oc-
casion the other day to remark, that so far as he
had examined, it had been the uniform practice to
refer these matters to the Committee on Com-
merce. In this he was mistaken, as it is a very
modern practice. And if he will examine the res-
olutions parcellingout the President's message back
seven, eight, or ten years, he will find, that no res-
olutions have been reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, referring the subject of the
navigation of rivers to the Committee on Com-
merce. 1 say it is a new notion, grown up within
the last few years, since omnibus bills have become
fashionable; and since they have become so, no ap-
propriations have been made for anything what-
ever. I do not recollect a single omnibus bill that
has become a law, except the one under Mr. Ty-
ler's administration, in 1843-'4, I think. There
were two or three passed under Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration, all of which he vetoed, and prop-
erly too. In 1831 the 98th rule of the House was
inserted in your general rules, under the adminis-
tration of General Jackson; and a committee was
then raised with the special view of taking into
custody and charge the subject of the navigation
of rivers. That was the reason why the commit-
tee was raised, and it is the only important subject
that is referred to them at all.
There is another view of this question, to which
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen coming
from the Northwest. Those of us who live in
the Northwest know that it is the habit there, par-
ticularly with our political opponents, to charge
upon us that while we vote large appropriations for
the harbors upon the Atlantic coast, we always over-
look the great West. Now, I wish to ask those who
should feel an interest in the prosperity of the great
West, to turn to the list of committees and see who
compose the Committee on Commerce. Now, I will
be the last man in the House to intimate a want of
proper confidence in that committee; but commit-
tees are always raised with reference to the sub-
jects referred to them. They are raised so as to
represent the various interests involved. Let us
see how many upon the Committee on Commerce
come from the great Northwest, comprising thir-
teen States of this Union, and in which we find
nearly all the great rivers of theUnion. The first
gentleman on the committee—its chairman—is
from New York; the second from Tennessee; the
third from Georgia; the fourth from Maine; the
fifth from Massachusetts; the sixth from Pennsyl-
vania; the seventh from Louisiana; the eighth
from South Carolina; and the ninth from Mary-
land. Not a solitary man from one of the great
States of the Northwest. Now, I would not have
it inferred that I impute anything improper to the
Speaker in the organization of this committee. I
presume the Speaker followed the rule, and had it
in his eye, when he appointed the committee; and
seeing that the Committee on Commerce could
properly have under its jurisdiction only those
cases relating to our foreign commerce—there was
nothing in the rules referring the subject of the
navigation of rivers to them—he very properly
formed the committee so as to represent the
great commercial points on the sea-board. When
he formed the Committee on Roads and Canals,
he took gentlemen who resided, to some extent at
least, upon the great rivers of the country, so as to
have them represerited.
I wish to note another fact here. I have stated
that since this idea of making omnibus bills has
become fashionable, bills of any character making
appropriations for what are termed internal im-
provements, have generally failed. I have stated
also that prior to this practice under the admin-
istration of General Jackson, when this Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals was first author-
ized, it was common for the western waters to get
appropriations, and that bills making appropria-
tions for these waters did not come from the Com-
mittee on Commeree, nor was it ever thought then
that the power to make appropriations tor pur-
posesof this kind was tobefouiid in that part of the
Constitution which speaksof regulating commerce.
If I were to look into the Constitution to seek for
power upon the part of this Government to make
such appropriations, that clause would be the very
last to which I would refer.
I will not s^top, however, to argue the constitu-
tional question. Personally, as a matter of course,
it can be of very little interest to me where this
subject is referred. It will relieve me of a good
deal of trouble if it goes to the Committee on Com-
merce. I only feel it my duty, however, to make
this statement to the House, being placed in the
position where 1 am, because I am friendly to ap-
propriations for the improvement of the navigation
of the great rivers of the country. To some extent,
I say that I am friendly to such appropriations.
I am not inimical to appropriations for harbors,
when they come within what I deem the constitu-
tional rule.
1 warn northwestern gentlemen who feci a soli-
citude upon this subject, that if all these measures
go to the Committee on Commerce, no bill can find
its way through this House. While I would ap-
prove of a great many of the objects named m the
bill of the last Congress, I will never vote for an
omnibus of such a character as that oije was. I
promised not to detain the committee. They
have the question now before them, whether they
will follow the rules giving one of their stand-
ing committees jurisdiction over the subject, and
which the rules say belongs to it; or whether
they will allow the Committee on Commerce to
usurp it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I will only
say a few words by way of reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson.] I think that
gentleman has labored under a mistake in refer-
ence to the course of practice upon this subject. I
concede that the rule to which he has alluded—
the 98th rule—refers not only matters relating
to roads and canals, but those which may relate
to the improvement of rivers, to theCommittee on
Roads and Canals. I think he will look in vain,
in the practice of this House, from the period
when that rule was established, down to the pres-
ent time, to find a single instance, when, either by
a resolution of this House referring the Presi-
dent's message, or otherwise, the committee
has had referred to it the consideration of the im-
provement of the rivers of the country. And I
think he will also find, as a matter of fact, no such
bill for the improvement of the navigation of rivers
has ever emanated from the Committee on Roads
and Canals. This, in my apprehension, has
arisen from the very reason which was at the
foundation of the committee designated now as a
Committee upon Roads and Canals If the commit-
tee will look at the facts and circumstances which
attended the original organization of this commit-
tee, I think they will see a good reason which has
influenced our predecessors, and which should
influence this House m departing from the strict
language of the rule, and adhering to the settled
practice of the House upon this subject. This
98th rule, to which the gentleman has referred,
the committee will see was incorporated in our
rules in the year 1831, now twenty years ^o.
Previous to that time, and at that very session,
there existed a select committee upon the subject
of internal improvements. It was distinctly and
emphatically an internal-improvement committee,
organized and operating for the purpose of carry-
ing out that great system of internal improve-
ments which then occupied the public, mind m this
country—a system which had extended so far,
that at the time when General Jackson interposed
by his veto upon the Maysville road bill, there
were reported ready for action by this House, bills
involving the expenditure of more than $100,-
000,000. This system had grown up in this way.
It had been fostered by the action of the Internal
Impiovements Committee. General Jackson's
doctrine incorporated in his veto altered the course
of things upon this subject, and a new doctrine
was established, which was followed up by
another message returning a bill which had passed
Congress in the year 1832; and declaring that the
true line of distinction should be, whether the
works for which these appropriations were made
were national or merely local in their character. 1
At the session of 1832, for the first time, a Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals was appointed, and
to that committee was referred, under the general
reference of topics in the President's message, all
the subjects that related to the internal improve-
ments of the country, so that this committee was
really asubstituteforand incorporation of theselect
committee, formerly known as the Internal Im-
provements Committee, and occupied its place
precisely, both in its character and the subjects
which were referred to it. If you will take the
trouble to look at the debates that occurred upon
the motion to appoint this Committee on Roads
and Canals, and the vote also that was first taken,
you will find that the measure was sustained,by
the internal improvement party of this country,
sustained and advocated upon this floor, and voted
upon and carried by them by a majority of six
votes.
1 am right, therefore, in the assumption, that
this Committee on Roads and Canals, in its or-
ganization, was essentially an internal improve-
ment committee. Now, what is the reason that
since the first organization of this committee by
our predecessors down to the very last House
that preceded us, the subject of the improvement
of our large rivers—though in some cases the ref-
erence has not been specifically made on the sub-
ject—lias been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce—to the same committee to which the subject
of the improvement of harbors has been referred,
and the general matters pertaining to commerce?
I think it is clearly seen that it has, because the
policy of this Government has changed in this
respect, and we have put ourselves, since that pe-
riod, upon .the ground of appropriating only for
national objects, and have left entirely this whole
system of internal improvements, as a system, to
be carried out under the auspices of the'National
Legislature. That being so, the Committee on
Commerce has properly had under consideration
all matters relating to the commerce of the coun-
try—to its foreign commerce—to the improve-
ment, protection, and maintenance of that com-
merce, so far as a national legislature ought to in-
terpose. It has been the national power that has
been exerted for the purpose of supporting and
sustaining the national commerce, whether that
commerce shall be found upon the Atlantic coast,
upon the Gulf of Mexico, the Pacific, of upon
the great rivers of this country. That has been,
I affirm, the settled practice of this House for the
last twenty years.
Mr. CARTTER. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will make an inquiry. Does the
gentleman understand that the structure of the
committee confines it to appropriations for the
improvement of harbors opening out upon for-
eign commerce alone ? I wish to ascertain that
fact, with a view to the harbors upon the lake,
and of determining my vote.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] that the
Committee on Commerce have not as yet had this
subject under consideration, for the reason that
this question has been a pending question; and
for another reason, also: Many of the committee
have been out of town, and their opinions could
not be ascertained. It would be improper in me
to commit any gentleman to any precise line of
action upon this subject; but as fc>r myself, I am
willing to say, that 1 think the true ground which
should be taken by this House upon this subject,
is the one which was marked out in the Mays-
ville Veto Bill, and reaffirmed in the subsequent
message of President Jackson, to which X re-
ferred.
We should reporttothis House, and this House
should pass such a bill in relation to these works—
many of which have been already fostered by
Government and received very large expenditures,
but now going to decay—as will sustain them. If
there are new points at which the commerce of the
country, in its most enlarged sense, which,needs
to be fostered and sustained, they should also re-
ceive proper appropriations for their protection.
I am as much opposed as the gentleman who pre-
ceded me to what he terms an omnibus bill. I do
not wish to be the organ of a committee, to present
to this House a bill that shall not have m itself
intrinsic merits—merits such as this House shall
approve—such as our constituents shall approve,
and upon which we can fairly stand before the
country, and not by such strength as is to be de-
rived merely from appropriations for the purpose
of carrying out and subserving local interests.
Thus much I feel prompted now to say.
Before I sit down I ought to advert briefly to
a topic to which the gentleman has alluded, and
that is, the construction of the Committee on Com-:
merce. For my part, in relation to these matters
of great national concern, I have not bees disposed
to scan closely the locality of gentlemen who
