1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
ana [Mr. Goiwr'ASr] should be regarded as stiictly
in order, I desire now, before the previou^ question
is ordered, to submit a simple proposition to re-
commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. If the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] prevails,
the report will be recommitted, without instruc-
tions, by a vote of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
requesting the e-entleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] to withdraw the demand for the previous]
question, so as to permit the, remarks of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Vekablk] to be
replied to by some one.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to know if
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] to recommit, wiihoutmstructions,
is an independent resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman presented it
as an independent proposition.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit, it is no£ in
order, because a question was pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there was
no question pending. The Chair begs leave to .state
to? the House, and for the ir,-formation of gentlemen
upon all hands, that under the joint rule of the two
Houses the Gonirnittee on Printing- has a right to
report at any time. The decision of the Chair has
been—and about the correctness of which he has
no doubt—that the right to report carries with it
the right of the House to dispose of the matter
reported apon. The Committee on Printing has
made "a report, and the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Ventablk] oifersa resolution based
upon that report, which the Chair thinks is in ol-
der. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman]
moves to strike out that resolution, and insert the
one proposing t<r refer the report hack to the Com-
mittee on Pnrvtmg. without instructions; and upon
this motion the ptevious question is demanded,
and tellers asked tor.
The question was then taken upon the demand
for the previous question, (Messrs. Orr and Daw-
son acting as tellers:) and there weie—ayes &3}
noes 54.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the main question was ovdered, and to
lay that motion upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Gorman.]
Mr. ORR. I ask for the reading of the original
proposition and amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
The question on reading was put to the House,
and carried in the affirmative, and the reading way
ordered, and had.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Go<>rg;a. If the House
adjourns now, will not this matter come up as the
first business in the mommy?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative. ij
So the House refused to adjourn. [
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gor- ■!
man's amendment; and there were—yeas 86, nays i
79; as follows: |i
YEAS—Messis." Abercrombie, Willis Allen, John Ap- I
plcton, William Appleton, Da\nl .1 Bailey, Thoma< 11.
Bayly, Bowie, Bowne, JJngg*, Biooks, PI. Carrmgton Cab-
ell, Chandler, Chastam, Claric, John G. Davis, Haw-on,
Dean, Disney, Edmund^on, lining, Fieeman. Thomas J
D. Fuller, Gaj lord, Gentry, Gorman, Green, Hall. Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Harper, Isham G. Haiti-, Hart, Haws,
Haven, Heudricfc-, Henn, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Houston, How-
ard, Ingerboll, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, G. W.
es, Letcher, Lockliart, Mace. McCorkle, McDonald,
Lanaban, Meacham, Mdler, Murray, Kaber*. Old*, S,
Parker, Pt.i-lee, Polk, Porter, Price, Riddle, Ross,
kett, Savage, Schermethorn, Schoolcraft, Scurry, On-
S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanij, Fredeuek P. Stanton,
hard EI. Stanton. Stnait, Sutherland, Sweeper. Ta\lor,
>rge W. Thomp-on, Ward. Watkins, Add-on White
Jones, Letcher, Lockliart, Mace. McCorklo, McDonald,
McLanaban, Meacham, Mdler, Murray, Kaber*. Old*, S,
W. Parker, pf.i-iee, Polk, Porter, Prico, Riddle, Ross,
Sackett, Savage, Schermethorn, Schoolcraft, Scurry, On-
gen S.    
Rich;-
George
Alexander While, Wilco\. Williams, and Yates—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken,'Allison, Ashe, Averett, Biagg,
Brenton, Albert G. Blown, Joseph Cable, Lewis 0. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Caittei, Caskte, Chapman,
Clingmnn, Cobb. Congei, Cuitis, Dumuick, Dotv, East-
man, Edgerton, Fickhn, Fitch, Flo\d, Fowlei, Guiding--.
Goodenow, Grey, Grow, Sampson \V. Ifairis, Horsford,
J(dm W. Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, fves. Jack-
son, Jenkins, John Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, J.Glancy
Jones, George G. KJng, Preston King, Rutins,Kurtz, Lan- j
dey, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McMulhn, Mc- \
\Tair. McQueen, Meade, MilUon, Miner, Molony, More-
head. Morrison, Newton, On, Andrew i'aiker, Pennhrwiu, ■
Pel km-., Phtlps, Powell, IvoWiit^, Scoildei, Sinai I, Snuih, 1
Benjamin Stanton, Alexandci H StephensStrother,Thurs :
ton, Town-bend, Tuck, Venable, Walbmlge, Wallace, 1
Washburn, and UTooiUva>/{—79. j
So the amendment was adopted. j
Mr. GORMAN moved to reconsider the vote i
by which the amendment was adopted,and to lay i
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ORR moved ihat the House adjourn; and
upon that motion demanded the yeas and nays, !
The yeas and naya were not ordered. '
The question was then taken, and the House ji
refused to adjourn, j
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gor- '|
man's motion to lay on the table the motion to re- 'j
consider, and it was decided m the affirmative.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the ,[
unanimous consent of the House that I may in- ji
troduce my resolution. >
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow ■'
me, the question recurs under the operation of the j
pievious question upon the adoption of the reso- !i
Iution as amended, which is to recommit there- ]
port. ji
The question was then taken upon the adoption ;
of the lesolution as amended, and it was agreed to. ij
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to leconsider the j
vote by which the resolution as amended was
passed.
Mr. GORMAN. And I move to lay that mo- '!
tion upon the table. 11
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not intend to take ,1
any advantage of the House, and being perfectly |[
satisfied myself that the Speaker yielded me the ;;
floor with the understanding that it was done for I
the purpose of enabling me to introduce my reso-
huion, 1 wiil confine myself to my original mten- -
Hon; and 1 shall ask the indulgence of the House
to permit the resolution which I have offered, and :
winch I send tu the Clerk's table, to be read I 1
shall not offer to take any advantage of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] to mo\eto
reconsider his pioposition. :
[Cries of " Rend it!" " Read it!"]
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt a select comnnttee of five he appointed ,;
by the Speaker, to whom-hall be relerred the e.u-tmg laws I
and order* on the subject of the public punting, with nisit uc- j
Uons to report to ibis Ilou-<c, by bill or oth<nwi>e, what ;
amendment to <;n<{ laws may be pApedient m order to in- i
sure the faiihtul and piompt execution ot the punting tor [
Congress. i
Mr. TI A'LL. I object to the introduction of the 1
resolution. I
Mr. MARSHALL. I move a suspension of |
the rules, in order that the resolution may be coil- i
sidered. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a qnes- i
tion of order. I a-sk if it is in order to move a j
suspension of the rules when a privileged question ;
is pending'1 |
Mr. MARSHALL. A privileged question is i
not pending. I
Mi. JONES. I understand the gentleman from |
Kentucky [Mr. AIar&iiall] to make the motion ;
to reconsider the vote on the pioposition to com- |
mit. i
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw it. I
Mr. JONES. Then I rise to a privileged ques- !
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL rose to a privileged question :
also. I mo\ed to suspend the lules. ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- ■
tucky [Mr. Marshall] having moved to recon- 1
sider the vote, if the Chair recollects aright, the ,
rule places it in the power of any gentleman to !
demand its consideration at once. Did ihe gen- ;
tleman from Kentucky [Mi. Marshall] with- 1
draw his motion to reconsider? j
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to say, that I feft ;
myself bound by a sense of propriety, that instead i
of availing myself of an opportunity to throw ;
these gemiemen off their balance, or to give way !
to the motion to adjourn, or address the House 1
for an hour, I stated distinctly, without yielding
the floor, that I would not interfere with the object ;
of the gentleman from Indiana, and would not pre- !
sent the motion to reconsider, but would adhere ,
to my own original intent; because I supposed the i
Chair gave me the floor, expecting that I would ;
carry that intent into effect. t j
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand 1
fche gentleman from Kentucky as having with-
drawn the motion ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly I did.
Mr. JONE3. I use to a question of order, and
that question is a pnvi eged question, to move to
reconsider the vote by which that resolution to
commit was adopied.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman must first
get the floor for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman obtained the Hoor
to move to reconsider the vote, but then he says
be withdrew it. I did not so understand him.
The Chair did not so understand him; for the
Chair inquired whether he did withdraw it or not.
It he obtained the floor for the purpose of offering
his resolution, or of moving to suspend the rules
lo introduce it, 1 n^e for the purpose of making a
piivileged motion, thift is, to reconsider the vote
on the commitment, and it would take precedence
of his motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The usual practice, so far as
the Chair recollects, in such cases, has been, that
when an individual is upon the floor addressing
the House, and wishes to yield to another, he sig-
nifies his wish to have his proposition to reconsid-
er enteied upon the record, and also his wish for
the proposition to be called up at a more conve-
nient season than the one when he is addressing
the House. The Chair doubts whether the gen-
tleman from Tennessee can take the floor from the
gentleman from Kentucky, for the express pur-
pose of considering a privileged motion.
Mr. JONES. I say, that we arose at the same
time.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 rise to a question of or-
der. I wish to know how the gentleman from
Tennessee I Mr. Jones] gets the floor from me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chftir decides that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jonits) cannot
take the floor from the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then, I hope the gentle-
tleman will permit my motion to proceed. My
motion is, to suspend the rules, m order that I may
introduce the resolution which has been already
read.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adjourn.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr STUART, f appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw the motion, and allow the
House to fix a time for the consideration of the
terntonal business. This is the only day on which
it can be done.
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot withdraw the
motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin\ motion, and it was disagreed to, on a divis-
ion—ayes 70, noes 88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. M vr-
siiall's motion to suspend the rules, and there
were—yeas 111, nays 48; as follows:
YF/AS—Messrs-. Aiken, AlU«on, A*-he, Averett, David
J. Railey, Uaireie, Bowie, Bowne., Brenton, Albeit G.
Brown, George H. Brown, E. Cainnyton Cabell, Jo-epti
Cable, Lewis P>. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Ca-kie, Chapman, Clmt^nian, Cobb, Conger, Curtis Dint-
nnck, Dockeiv, Dofy. Ea-tman, Erigerton, Edmundson,
Lwuig, Fitch, Floyd, Fowlei, Gentry, Guldmg.-., Goode-
now, Green, Guy, Gtow, Sampson W. Hams, Haws,
Haven, l-Fehard. Horsl'oid. Houston, John W. Howe,
Thomas M Howe. Hunter, Ive<, Jackson, Jenkins, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancv Jones,
Geoige G King, Puvton King, ICuhns, Kurtz, Landty,
■\Tanu, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McNair, McQueen,
Meachatn. Meade, Miller, Mill-on, Miner, Molony, Joins
Mooie. Moieiiead, Moiuson, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, An-
diewPaiker, 1'emoman, Perkins-, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Ran ton), Bobbins, Sackett, Schermerhoin, Schoolcraft,
Seiidder, Smart, "Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Strother, Sweeper. Tavlor, Tbmston,
Town^hend, Tuck, Venable, Walbndge, Wallace, Ward,
Washburn. Watkm?, Alexander White, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Yates—111.
■\A"Ys—Mes-sif?. Willis Allen, John Applcton, Thomas
H. Ba\ly, Briggs, Biooks, Chandler, Chastain, Clark, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Ficklin, Fieeman, Thomas J,
U. Fuller, Gaylord, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Lham G. Harn-=, IIait,Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Tlowaid, Inger.-oll, Andrew Jofmson. Geoige W. Jones,
Letcher, Lockliart, McDonald, McMulhn, Mnuay, Xa-
bei-, Samuel W. Parki>r, Peaslee, Polk, Savage,
Scuiry, Ungen S. Sejmour, Skclton, Frederick P. Staife-
