1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Stuart, Sutherland, and Wil-
cox—48.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. MARSHx^LL moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANXY. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to allow me to offer a  amendment to that
resolution?
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot. I must insist
on the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to modify his resolution,
so that it will be referred to the Committee on
Printing 5
[Cries of" Oh no," and laughter.]
Mr. STANL V. I ask the consent ofthe House
to have the amendment I wish to offer read for
information. I think it will save $100,000. I
want to reach that Ritchie claim which we were
prevented from investigating last session, and
which we shall be called upon to appropriate for
at the end of the present session, in all probabil-
ity.
There being no objection, the amendment was
read, as follows:
"And that said committee be directed to investigate the
ac<Jvmit"> ot John H. Tienhohn and William M. Belt, for
printing executed in their names for the Senate and House
of Representatives for the Thirfy-liist Congress, whether
rendered before, duung, or siuee'tlie adjournment of that
Cougred*."
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 insist on the previous
question.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine, moved that the
House do now adjourn. "
The question was put and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to know if T have not
a right to move to reconsider the vote by which
the report of the Committee on Printing was re-
committed, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged ques-
tion already pending—the demand for the previous
question, but the motion of the gentleman fiom
Indiana to reconsider can be entertained by general
consent.
Mr. WASHBURN objected.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put, and
being put, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report from the Committee on Print-
ing was recommitted, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. I wish now to move that the
territorial business, which was made the special
order for this week, be postponed and made the
special order for the third week in May next.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CLAIM OP TRENHOLM AND BELT.
Mr. STANLY. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to offer, as an instruction to the select
committee on the public printing the resolution
which I had read just now.
Mr. DEAN moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
PUBLIC EXECUTIONS.
Mr. FICKLIN. I appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw that motion. A bill has
passed the Senate directing that all executions in
this District shall be private, and not public. There
is to be an execution here on Friday next, and it
is very desirable that that bill should be acted
upon.
Mr. OUR. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York withdraw his motion?
Mr. DEAN. If I withdraw it, will not the first
business in order be the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. DEAN. Then I cannot withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Df.an's I
motion; which was agreed to,
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at |
twelve o'clock, j
NOTICE OF A BILL.
' Mr. McMULLlN gave nonce of his intention to ask
! leave to intioduce a bill fixing the salary of menibeis of
i Congress at a sum not exceeding $1,500"per annum, ami
1 their traveling expense1? to and tioin the seat of (Jovern-
j luent at not irione than ten cents per mile.
j PETITIONS, &c.
i The following petitions, memorials, &c , were presented
i under the mie, and lererred to the appropriate committees:
' Bv Mi. McMULLlN : The petition ot R. Saunders, as-
. sitaut United States marshal for King and Clueen county,
j Virginia, praying extra compensation for his services in
| taking the Seventh C'ensib.
i>y Mr. MASON : The petition of Andrew Fountain, for
the pa\ merit of jjj-2,100 Tevas notes,and interest thereon.
AI>o, the petition of O. M. Hanks and otiiei-:, I'm the es-
tablishment of a mail route.
15v -Mr. THOMPSON", of Virginia: The memorial of ;"3
citizens of the county of Ohio, Virginia, a^unst tire dexe-
cration ot the Sabbath by the transposition ot the mails on
that day.
Ai-o. n communication of (ho city of Bmlmjrtou, Iowa,
to the city of Wheeling, m lelauon to the constiuction of
a raihoad from Peoria, Illinois, tlnough llurVuigtoti, to tire
MiNfOiia rivei. i:
By Mr THOMAS M. HOWE: The mmonstianceof nil H
the tiasportation companies upon the public work-* of the l!
State of Pennsylvania, between I'JtNbu'g and the Eastern j}
eitifs, lemon^tuiting against any action by Congress  ,mc- j j
tinning the Wheeling: BrU^e^ «nd designed to defeat-uch 1
remrdva* may be provided by the Supieme Court ot the !|
United Slates to secure the navigation of the Ohio livei, ti
Ai-o, a similar remonstrance trom individual transported jj
on the public works of Pennsylvania. I
Also, a similar remonstrance tioin Iving, Ponnoek &. Co., j
Spimg & C'o , and othei citizens of Pittsbuig, Penney 1- |j
vanra.
By Air. "WILLIAMS : The petition of the citizens of
Ifendei^on county, asking a mail route from Red Mound,
llendeison count} , by the way of Brodee's Fei ry, to Wood
pu-t otfice. Perry county.
By Mr. RJi)J)LE- The petition ot "The Journeymen
Printer' I>rolectrve Union" of the city of Wilmington, Dol-
awate, praying Congress to take Mich measuies as may he
necer-saty tor the estabiishmentof a national printingoflice.
ity iMr. Ll'iTCHKR : The petition of William Fia/icr
and 106 othei citizens of Augusta county, Virginia, prav-
ing Congress to establish the budget of the Wheeling &
Behiiont Biidge Company, as post roads.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial of
James Elliot, in which he sets toith Jus views jjj regaid to
I i the proper disposition ol the pubhe domain ; also Ins mows
i on the right ot petition, &c.
jj Jly Mr. SCN I^JOIlORffORN : The petition of William
'! Baldwin and other citizen* of the county of Momoe, New
j York, asking for a ftee and uniestiicted eonunejeial inter-
I eoiiise between the inhabitants of the United States and the
| Canada*.
{ : By Mr. ALLLSO.V: The petition of James McClee and
J. 107 others, citizens of Wavlimjiton county, lVim\> Ivatua,
I for an act to piohibit the transportation of the mails on the
| Christian Sabbath or Loid's day.
! Al-o, two petitions of similar import, signed by Rev.
i1 Alexander Murray and ^3 otlieis, citizens of Beaver county,
' Pennsylvania.
Also", the petition of John Ferguson and 07 others, citi-
; zens oi Lawrence <Nnmty, Pennsylvania, for a modification
i ot the existing t.miflawa, ^o a>- more effectually to eneour-
j age and piotect the manufacturing interests of the countiy.
' Also, the petition of II. P. McKee, and others, citizens
of Freedom, Beaver county, Pennsylwinia, foi an actm-
. corporatmg u The Social American Brothers' Council of
the United State*. No. I."
1 By Mi - BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Wil-
j ham P. Tiotier and 10 other soldiers of the United States,
i praving Congress to pass an act authorizing them to locate
! their bounty land certificates on the reserved lands within
1 six miles of the Mobile & Ohio Railroad.
Also, the memorial of Ed ward Losran, of Mississippi, piay-
' ins that Congress will give him 100 acres of land, he having
been unjustlj deprived of Ins bounty as a volunteer in the
■ Mexican war.
Also.the petition of A. Delmas, of Mississippi, praying
1 remuneration for losses sustained by him as hght-liouso
keeper at Pascagoula, in the Stale ol Mississippi
Al>o, ihe petition of John MeDonnld, piaying increased \
1 compensation as a census faker in Mi-^ts^ippi. i
By Mr. CURTIS: A petition praying lor a mail route .
from Brookville, Jefferson county, to Smick^burg, Iiidi- ;
ana county. 1
, Also, a petition from Warren county, praying for a mail ,
route from Titusville to Sugar Grove.
By Mr. ROSS : The petition of R T Donatt and others,
prarfical printers of Dnylestoivn, Bucks county, PcnnsvJ- ;
vania, asking for the establishment or a national priming ;
; office, ,
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memotial of the Pennsylva- [
1 nia Academy of the Fine Arts, asking that Mr. M. F. i
, Retbermel, historical painter, may be employed to paint ,
one oftlie national pictures for the Capuol. 1
! Bv Mr. CLARK : The memorial of S. C. Trowbridge, G. ,
S. Hampton, and 69 others, citizens of the county of John- i
son, in the State of Iowa, in which the memorialists stfite |
■ that<v they regard the Wheeling budge, in its present eon-
' dition, a^ a nobie triumph of art; one of the most signal !
achievements of science in tins age, and they would regard j
' its oveithiow a-? a triumph of vandalism They therefore ;
i ask that said bridge mav be declared a po^t road." 1
| By Mr. HENN : Petition of J. A. Painter and 23 other*, j
1 citizens of Mills county, Iowa, askinga grant of land toaid I
in the construction of a railroad from Burlington, via f'air-
iiebf and Ottnmwa,to the Missouri liver, opposite the mouth
ot Platte river.
Also, petition of Israel Miller and 75 others, citizens of
Clarke county, Iowa, asking a grant of lamU to aid in the
consUuction of a railroad from Burlington to the Missouri
ri ver.
Also, petition of David Newton and 15 ethers, citizens of
Clarke county, Iowa, asking for a mail route from Chari-
ton, Lucas countyv via Glenns, White Breast, and Ilope-
ville, to Pisgah, m Union county.
Also, petition of Allrod B. Webber and 65 others, citi-
zens of Iowa, asking (or the establishment of a mail route
from Mruemro, through the counties of Benton, Poweshiek,
Tama, and Marshall, to Manette.
A!  o, the petition of Devore Sahnerand3) others, citizens
of Foit Madi-on, Iowa, asking foi the c«>nstruction of a free
canal around-the Falls of the Ohio rivei.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jipril 20, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESipF.NT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance witli a resolution of the
Senate, Captain Howard Stansbury's Report of
his Exploration of the Valley of the Great Salt
Ljitke; which was read, and ordered to be laid
on the table.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HALE. I perceive by the reading of the
Journal this morning that there is an error with
regard to the resolution which I offeied on the
Kith instant, and which was adopted yesterday.
The .1 ournal states that it is a resolution to inquire
into unauthorized payments to naval officers. It
was not so; but to inquire into payments greater
than the law authorized. I wish the Journal may
be corrected.
The PRESIDENT. The correction will be
made.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PR.ESI DENT pro tempore laid before the Sen-
ate the memorial of P. H. Watson and E. S. llen-
wick, praying that an investigation may be made
into the unjust chargfes brought against the Com-
missioner of Patents for graining li. S. Renwick a
patent for an improved railroad chair; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
John S. Gibson and Paul A. Swink, contractors
for carrying the mail, praying to be relieved from
the fines imposed upon them by the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of a committee appointed at a
meeting of the creditors of Texas held m the city
of Washington on the 14th of April, 1852, pray-
ing the payment of such creditors of the late Re-
public of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9th. 1850, in the man-
ner proposed by the Secretary of the Treasury in
his report of September 13, 1851. As this is a
very important memorial, and relates to an im-
portant subject, and may involve a large expend-
iture of money, I ask that it may be printed, and
be referred to the Committee on "Finance.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question of printing
goes to the Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. PEARCE. This is a special memorial of
claimants against the late Republic of Texas. It
is very short, but it imbodies a decision made by
the Executive, who gave his construction of this
matter in 1850, and shows his, opinion with regard
to the claims of this class of creditors for whom
the ^5,000,000 was leseived. I think the memo-
rial very important, an(l I hope it may be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Adams county, Wisconsin,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
New Haven to Nevadah; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHliAD presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, piaying the es-
tablishment of a light-house board; which was
leferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FISH presented three petitions of citizens
of the State of New York, praying the renewal of
Ui-1 Emmons's patentforaplaningmarfiine; which
were refeired to the Committee on .Pftteirts and the
Patent Office.
