1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
have petitioned, and I ask, at this time, that their
prayer be granted.
Mr. MARTIN. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine. I do not oppose it so much from the
amount he requires, as from the simple fact that I
am desirous to see some places left out of this bill,
for the purpose of giving: force and power to pass
one other bill, which I hope to see introduced into
this House at its next session, for about the same
amount. I consider that the friends of the im-
provements of our harbors and rivers have here-
tofore done much towards defeating all such meas-
ures by adding amendments to any reported bill
until the amounts become so large, and also em-
bracing: so many locations of a doubtful national
character, that no sane man could vote for them.
I am confident, sir, that the real friends of these
bills must come up to the point of sustaining the
bill reported by the Committee on Commerce, and
reject all amendments of much amount, or they
will see this bill increased to an amount which
will sink it to the same level with all of its piede-
cessors for the last fourteen years. I feel con-
strained to call upon all common-sense business
men to pursue a more reasonable and consistent
course upon the bill now before this committee,
and to bring it to a vote upon us merits. It is of
too much importance to the interest of this really
great commercial nation to be lost from year to
year by factious opposition of individuals, who
claim to be in favor of the principle.
We have a bill now before us which has been
reported by a standing committee of this House,
amounting to about $1,500,000, which I think suf-
ficiently large to recommence this long-neglected
system of improvements.
Those rivers and harbors which are not em-
braced in this bill, will lay a good foundation for
a bill at our next session; and allow me to appeal
to all gentlemen upon this floor, who desire to see
the system prevail, to abandon all their opposition
to this bill, and come up with an honest support
of the committee, and the bill which they have
reported.
And in proof of my own sincerity, allow me to
say that I have four ports m my Congressional
district, upon Lake Erie on one side, and the Al-
legany river upon the other, all of which have
been surveyed by the General Government, and
more or less outlay has been made upon these
improvements. And this bill o ly provides for
one of them, and I have refused to move any
amendment to this bill to bring them in, for fear
of embarrassing this bill, and being the means,
with others, of killing this bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Smart, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to strikeout the
following:
" For the bieakwater at Richmond Island harbor, and j
repairing the breakwater in Portland haibor, ^10,000." i
Mr. R. said: Mr. Chairman, if it is a good rea- ;
son why we should not amend a bill, that the pro- ;
posed amendment has not been recommended by j
the proper Department, it is a good reason why ;
the Committee on Commerce should not put in j
anything which was not recommended by the De- j
partment. I want to make the rule alike applic- j
able to all cases, and make it operate upon the :
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] who is a 1
member of the committee, as it operates upon me.
Mr. FULLER. What is the rule?
Mr. RICHARDSON. If it is a good reason
why we should not insert amendments in the bill
for the Illinois river, the Cumberland, the Tennes-
see, because they have not been recommended this
year, it is a good reason that the committee should
not put in anything that was not so recommended.
Mr. FULLER. In all cases where an appro-
priation has been made at some previous time,
there has been a recommendation, giving particu-
lars of the work. I suppose the recommendations
are not like a white bird 5s egg, which rots the first
year. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not understand
the point of the gentleman's wit. If I did I would
reply to him.
Very many of the appropriations that have been
proposed to be added to this bill by gentlemen
representing western States, have been recom-
mended heretofore by the Department; for instance,
the one recommended by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Ward,] for the Cumberland river,
has been recommended by the Department, and
placed in the bills of this House, year after year,
for half a dozen years in succession, and yet the
Committee on Commerce tells us it has not been
recommended this year, and therefore it is a good
reason why it should not be in. I want the rule
applied to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Ful-
ler] as well as myself.
I want to see whether the gentleman is willing
to stand by the principles that he says governed
him in acting upon this bill. The chairman tells
us the reason of the omission of an appropriation
for Waukegan was, that there were other ports
convenient to it. There are ports convenient to
the one m Maine, which I have indicated as pro-
vided for in the bill which I shall move to strike
out. There are more reasons why appropriations
should be made for improvements upon the lakes
and rivers of the West than for those upon the
sea-board provided for in this bill, I ask the gen-
tleman from Maine what population will be ac-
commodated by his improvement? Is there any
considerable port there?
Mr. APPLETON. That harbor of refuge at
Richmond Island will accommodate every mer-
chant, ship-owner, and manner, who has occasion
to traverse the Atlantic ocean, along the eastern
coast of Maine. It costs but $10,000.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So will any other port
on the Atlantic where ships go.
Mr. APPLETON. You cannot find another
point upon the Atlantic in that region, which will
answer the same purposes. It is a harbor of ref-
uge peculiarly.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment,
but L do not propose to debate it. I will only re-
quest the Chair to rigidly enforce the rule here-
after, when amendments are offered, arid to con-
fine gentlemen to explanations of their amend-
ments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
to do so, strictly.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and Clingman
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Richardson was disagreed to, the
tellers having reported—ayes 6, noes not counted.
Mr. MOLONY. I propose the following
amendment:
For the construction of a breakwater and the erection
of a pier at tiic harbor of Waukegan, $1:2,000.
Mr. Chairman, my object in offering this
amendment, is to correct a statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, that Wau-
kegan, as a harbor of refuge—such as it can be
made at a trilling expense—would be inferior to
others in the vicinity provided for by the bill be-
fore us.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to an explanation of his particu-
lar amendment.
Mr. MOLONY. I intend to do that.
The CHAIRMAN. It is now too late to vin-
dicate the Department.
Mr. MOLONY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce ventured an opinion here,
that the harbors in the immediate vicinity of Wau-
kegan were better for refuge than this could be
made. The chairman did not see fit to give to us
the reasons upon which that opinion was based.
But, sir, I state that it is right in thefaca of an opin-
ion entertained by the head of the Topographical
Corps, officially a;iven to the Committee on Com-
merce; which opinion is founded, not as the chair-
man's rctts, by looking at the map two thousand
miles from the port in question, but, sir, is the re-
sult of an actual survey; which survey, Colonel
Abert tells the committee is conclusive in his
mind of two things, viz: First, that a harbor of ref-
uge is much needed there; and second, that said
harbor can be constructed, and a better one for
refuge than any one on Lake Michigan, and for
about one half of the money that has been esti-
mated for any other one on said lake. Yet with
no evidence before the Committee on Commerce,
other than what was furnished by the Topograph-
ical Bureau, which was most emphatic in favor of
this appropriation, the chairman rises up here,
and gives hh opinion that this would not be as good
a harbor of refuge as others in the vicinity.
Such, Mr. Chairman, are the facts in this case.
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
has declared, again and again, that the rule which
governed his committee in making up this bill,
was the estimates of the Department. Yet, sir,
the lotigitude of Waukegan is too far west to have
the benefit of that rule. But in contempt of their
own rule, this port is left out of their bill, while
little points east of the Alleganies, for which no
estimate has been submitted by the Department,
have been included.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Molont was rejected,
Mr. CABELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the survey of the harbors at the mouth of the St.
John's river and at the mouth of the Appalachicola river,
$3,00l>—$1,500 for each.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that this application
for appropriation was not entirely understood, or
I am sure it would have been adopted when it was
last submitted to the consideration of the com-
mittee. The St. John's river is navigable for
about two hundred miles, but at its mouth there
is a bar which materially obstructs navigation.
At the town of Jacksonville, which is about twenty
miles from the mouth of the river, there are now
fourteen large steam saw-mills, and more in the
process of construction. They cut, I understand,
at least thirty millions of feet of lumber annually,
which is more than is cut at the town of Wilming-
ton, on the Cape Fear river. Besides this, there
is an annual exportation of ten millions of feet of
range timber from that place. From the knowl-
edge of these facts, the committee may estimate
the shipping that will be necessary to this busi-
ness. I stated before that I did not ask for a large
appropriation for the improvement of this harbor,
because I had not all the data essential. I simply
ask an appropriation of $1,500, for the purpose
of making a survey of the mouth of the river. I
mentioned before, that if this harbor were im-
proved it would give a steamboat of the largest
class navigation at one point within about sixty
miles of the navigable waters of the Gulf, and that
it would facilitate and shorten the transit across
the peninsula.
I may state further, that the light-house at the
mouth of the St. John's river is in great danger
of being destroyed, for the want of a survey and
an appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor. If the harbor be improved, as is recommend-
ed by those who have examined the coast of
Florida, it will tend to preserve the light-house.
The importance of the town of Appalachicola is
known to commercial gentlemen from the north-
ern and eastern States. The exportation of that
town is about $10,000,000. AH that is asked by
this amendment is an appropriation of $1,500 for
the survey of the harbor at the mouth of the Ap-
| palachicola river, on which is situated the town of
j Appalachicola. i appeal to gentlemen to give this
appropriation. There was nothing in the bill of
the last session of Congress for us. I could not
get anything in it for my State. I ask the com-
mittee to show that there is no ground for the
charge that this bill is sectional in its character.
I have not the constitutional scruples that gentle-
men have in regard to many of these works of
improvement upon the coast. But whatever be
the constitutional scruples of gentlemen, I do not
hesitate to say, that if there is anything constitu-
tional in the system, it is the kind of improve-
ment I now ask. The harbor is almost without
the jurisdiction of the State. To improve it,
would be as constitutional as to improve any point
in the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay between
Norfolk and Old Point. ] trust the committee will
allow this small appropriation. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was disagreed to, there being, upon a division—
ayes 26, noes not counted.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment:
For the purchase of the outstanding shares of stock in the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company held by private
individuals, provided the same shall not cost more than
<5'230 per share, .§250,000,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I rise to a
question of order upon this amendment. It is not
germane to the bill, as it provides for the purchase
of stock of a company.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains
doubts as to whether the amendment is in order;
hut so many propositions have been entertained
with reference to that canal, the Chair could not
well rule it out of order.
