1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Indian
Affair a, to which was referred the petition of Amos
Kendall and John E. Kendall, praying to be reim-
bursed certain moneys wrongfully paid out by the
Government of the United States to the Western
Cherokees, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Sally J.
Mathews, praying payment for services of her
husband as clerk in the Treasury Department,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Catharine Strubing, widow of James Strubing,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
James Harrington, praying to he. allowed com-
pensation for loss of time and sickness, caused
by melting lead while in the employment of the
United States, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. G-EYER,from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of F. M. Bal-
ster, widow of John Baister, who was killed at
Charleston Arsenal while m the discharge of his
public duties, praying a pension, submitted are-
port, accompanied by a bill to grant a pension to
the widow and children of John Baister; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petitions of Lucie Ann Garner
and of William Heumann, submitted adverse re-
ports thereon; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the petition of Joseph Nock, praying remuneration
for losses sustained in consequence of the violation
of a contract for supplying the Post Office Depart-
ment with locks, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND TITLE.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Private Land
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Thompson, on behalf of himself and other
heirs of Joseph Thompson, senior, deceased, pray-
ing the confirmation of their title to a tract of land
in the State of Missouri, have instructed me to
submit a report, accompanied by a bill confirming
their title to the said tract.
The bill was read a first and second time, and,
by unanimous consent, was considered by the
Senate as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. The grant mentioned in this bill
is a Spanish grant, on which the petitioners have
lived since the year 1807. They have some show
of title, but that title is not legally perfect, and
they come to Congress to ask tliat it may be con-
firmed. This bill has already passed the Senate '
three times, and this is the fifth favorable report
that has been made. It has, however, on every
occasion, failed 111 the House of Representatives.
The petitioners say that there has not been a court
held in their county for the last six years, and the ,
judge of that county says that this is the only case 1
that he has to try; so that if Congress will only ■
confirm this title, lie will never need to go into that !
county at all. [Laughter.] ;
Th« bill was reported to the Senate without i
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for I
a third reading. I
EFFICIENCY OF THE AR,MY. 1
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military 1
Affairs, to which the subject was referred, have j
instructed me to submit a report, accompanied by I
a bill to improve the efficiency of the Army of the i
United States. j
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a '
second reading. I
IVTr. SHIELDS. The report that accompanies I
the bill embraces some very important provisions I
in relation to the Army. I move, therefore, that i
it be printed, and that two thousand additional I
copies be printed for the use of the Department,
and that copies may be sent to the officers in dif-
ferent parts of the country.
The motion to print the usual and the additional
copies was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask that the same num-
ber of copies of the bill may be printed with the
report. I will state my object. This bill nearly
concerns the state of the Army; and changes, to
a considerable extent, some of the provisions for
its government, now in force. For instance, it
abolishes the brevet pay, double rations, and va-
rious other matters in detail. My wish is, that we
may have the benefit of the experience and sug-
gestions of officers m all parts of the country, 111
order that we may legislate advisedly and with a
due degree of caution. The best mode of attain-
ing that object, in my opinion, is to send these
gentlemen copies of the bill and report.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to know from the
Senator from Illinois what necessity there is for
printing the additional copies of the report? I am
aware that a vote was taken on the subject a few
minutes ago, but am not aware of the contents of
the report, and should be glad to hear from the
honorable Senator the reasons for printing the
two thousand copies.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that readily. The
report is brief, and the bill itself is brief. But the
report refers to different acts which are affected
by this biii, which could not be pointed out by this
bill itself; and it shows the effect that will be pro-
duced if this bill should become a law on previous
legislation, and the changes, modifications, and
consequences of this act so far as the committee
has been able to accomplish that object.
Mr. BADGER. It enables everybody to see
what the object of the bill is.
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly; that is the object
of my motion. It enables everybody to see at
once what is proposed, how much of previous le-
gislation it will change, and what will be the con-
sequence of these innovations to the Army gen-
erally.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to hear the bill
read. I donoteven know what the object ofitis
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh, then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
VOLUNTEERS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DAWSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of cer-
tain volunteer companies in the District of Colum-
bia, have directed me to report a joint resolution,
which I ask may be considered now.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Joint lesolution for supplying; arms to the Washington Ya-
tfers and the Washington Boone Riflemen.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Rejrrescnt<itive<;
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Seeietaiy ofWarbe and he is hereby authorized
and directed to cause to bi! furnished to the Washington
Yagers and the Washington Boone Riflemen, two volunteer
companies ran-cd and organized in the Distnct of Columbia,
the nectary arms and equipments to said companies re-
spectively, undet such iules and regulations as maybe
deemed proper for the safety of such, and for their return to
the Jlepartment.
The resolution was read a second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHIELDS. These are two volunteer com-
panies m this District to which the Department
cannot furnish arms under the present state of the
law. The Department recommends that permis-
sion may be given to furmsharms to these compa-
nies, and to have the control of them, so as to
secure their return.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Illinois whether it is the ordinary
arms which it is proposed should be furnished to
these companies, or whether new ones are to be
purchased for them.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is the ordinary kind of
arms, which the Department has in great abun-
dance.
The resolution was reported without amend-
ment, and was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
CLAIM AGENTS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. TheCommittee on Claims,
to which was referred the bill to amend and ex-
tend the provisions of an act approved July 29th,
184G, entitled " An act in relation to the payment
of claims," have instructed me to report the same
back, with an additional section, and one or two
other slight amendments, and recommend its pas-
sage, as thus proposed to be amended. The first
section of this bill makes absolutely void all agree-
ments and powers of attorney entered into for the
purpose of prosecuting claims against the United
States, if executed prior to the allowance of the
claim, and'the issue of a warrant for the payment
of the same. The second section of the bill makes
it unlawful for any officer of the Government, con-
nected with any of the Executive departments, to
be in any manner concerned in prosecuting claims
against the United States, or furnishing informa-
tion, except in the proper discharge of his duty,
to aid in the prosecution of claims. The third
section (which is the additional one proposed to
be inserted by the committee) makes it unlawful
for any member of either House of Congress to
be concerned in the prosecution of any claim
against the United States.
The provisions of this bill will, I think, com-
mend themselves to the favorable consideration of
the Senate. If it shall be adopted, as the commit-
tee propose to amend it, it will be in these words:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Ameticn in Congress assem-
bled, That all tran-iers and assignments hereafter to be
made of any claim upon the United States, or any part or
shaie theieof, or interest therein, whether absolute or con-
ditional, and whatever may bo the consideration therefor i
and all contracts or agieements hereafter to be made tor
allowing compensation to any agent tor claims, or other
person or persons, t'oi or on account of services performed
or to be pe formed m piocuring te-timonv in support of, or
othenvise aiding m obtaining the allowance of any such
claim ; and alt powers of attorney, oiders, or other authori-
ties, for receiving payment of any such claim, or any part
or share thereof,"shall be absolutely uull and void, unless
the same shall he freely made and executed m the presence
of at least two attesting witnesses, aftei the allowance of
such claim, the aseertamment of the amount due, and the
issuing of a wariant Vor the pajment thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, 'I hat any officer of
the United States, or person holding any place of trustor
profit, or diselutiging any official tunction under or m con-
nection with any-Executive Depaitmeutof the Government
of the United States, who, after the passage of this act, shall
act as an agent tor prosecuting any claim oi clanns against
the United States, or shall ni any manner or b\ any means,
otherwise than m the discharge of his proper official duties,
aid or assist in the prosecution or suppot t of any such claim
or claims, -hall be liable to indictment as tor a misde-
meanor, and on conviction m any couit having cognizance
theieof, -shall pay a fine notexceedins one thousand dollars,
or suffer imprisonment not exceeding -six calendar months.,
or both, a- the court m its discretion shall adjudge, due re-
gard being had to all the circumstances of the case.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted That any membei of
cither Houses ot Congress who, after the passage of this
aet, shall for compensation, paid or to be paid, certain or
contingent, act as agent or attorney for prosecuting any
claim or churns against the United States, or shall in any
manner, or by any means for such compensation, aid oi assist
in the prosecution or support of any such claim or claims,
shall be liable to indictment and prosecution as in the cas e
mentioned in the 3d section of tins act.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act, and of the act of July 29th, lt*46, entitled " An
act m relation to the payment of claims,1* shall apply and
extend to all claims against the United States, whether
allowed by special acts of Congress or arising under gen-
eral laws or treaties, or in any "other manner whatever.
Mr. Brodhead's motion to consider the bill at
this time was not agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOWNS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a biii, pro-
viding for the issuing of patents for a certain class
of confirmed private land claims in Louisiana;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims,
Also, a bill for the relief of Leonard Dyson, as
assignee of Edwaid McLaughlin, or his legal rep-
resentatives; which was read a first and second
time by its title,and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant the right of way through the public lands of
the United States for the construction of the fol-
lowing railroads, to wit: From Benicia, by the
way of Sacramento City, Marysville, and Shasta
City, to Shasta Balle city; fiom San Francisco
to San Jose; from Sacramento City to Nevada
City, From Sacramenio City, via Coloma, to
Placerville; from Stockton to Moukolumne Hill;
from Stockton to Sonora; from Stockton to Agua
Fria; from Monterey, via San Juan, to Agua Fria;
from San Pedro to Los Angeles; from San Diego,
via San Luis Rey, Los Angeles, San Juan, to San
Jose; and from Los Angeles to Agua Fria; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
