wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
Mr. MARSHALL. The very object of the
amendment is to facilitate river navigation there.
I have but to say that in the speech which I made
a few days ag-o, I stated the exact condition of
that property; $250,000 will free that canal and
relieve the commerce of the Ohio river from the
burden of $250,000 which it will have to pay under
existing arrangements by a tax upon "that com-
merce. I do not choose to waste the time of the
committee.
I trust that the proposition will pass, and that
gentlemen who vote for these appropriations for
various localities will remember that this proposi-
tion is one in which some thirteen or fourteen
Stales are interested.
Mr. MARSHALL demanded tellers; which
were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was rejected.
The following section was then read by the
Clerk:
" For the protection of Great Brewster IsJantl in the liar-
ibor of Boston, ;g;30,000. ^
Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out $30,000 and insert #50,000.
Mr. Chai rman, in the year 1848 an appropri-
ation of $40,000 was made for the protection of
the Great Brewster, on condition that the island
should be ceded to the United States. The city
of Boston purchased the island and ceded it to
the Government, by an act of the Legislature of
Massachusetts giving jurisdiction. The work was
commenced in i84!>, and suspended in 1850 far the
want of funds. Prom personal observation I state
that no inconsiderable portion of the work was |
destroyed by the gale in March, 1851, and by the i
action of the sea, the work being left in an unfin-
ished state, 'the object of this appropriation is
the protection of the channel to the largest, or one
of the largest naval depots in the United States i
and the harbor of Boston. The present position |
of the channel has been placed before the Com- i
mittee on Commerce by scientific engineers in the I
service of the Government. The Great Brewster
is an island situated at the entrance of the harbor
of Boston and Chnrlestown, on the north side of
the channel, and forms a natural breakwater of
about three thousand yards, covering Nantasket
Roads, containing nearly forty acres. The eastern
side of the island is exposed to the direct action of
the sea, and is rapidly washing away. lis bank
on that side is very high and nearly vertical. The
highest point of the hill is *on the west of this
bank, showing that, at least the half ol the island
lias disappeared within a few years. This island
forms one side of the channel, opposite to which
is one of the most efficient forts in the United
States, lately built at a great expense. Should a
new channel be formed by the washing of this
island, this battery might become useless. I am
assured by General Totten that I cannot too
strongly advocate an appropriation sufficient to
secure the object, which he thinks can be accom-
plished for $50,000.
The question was then taken on Mr. Apple-
ton's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MOREIIEAD moved that the committee
rise. j
The question was then put, and it was not '
agreed to. i
So the committee refused to rise. !
Mr. SCUDDER. I offer the following amend- !
ment: " !
For a breakwatei at Great Point, Nantucket, Itfas?itclm- !
•setts, f*r25,0(K). |
Mr. Chairman, the amendment proposed is for !
an appropriation for the purpose of erecting a j
breakwater at Nantucket Point nejir the northeast >
end of the island of that name. This appropria- I
lion is for one of the cases, among many others, j
which the committee have seen fit to leave out of :
their bill. I will endeavor, very briefly, as 1 must j
under the limited time, to show the public expedi- I
ency am} necessity of this appropriation. ] do j
not nsk it as some appropriations are asked for, j
where there has been no survey and estimate. !
There was a survey and estimate in this case as !
early as 1827, under the authority of the Govern- !
ment. The lowest estimate for a breakwater of ■
convenient length, that would shelter twenty-five j
or more vessels, is $250,000. It is a work of ,
magnitude and great importance, not only to Mas- !
sachusetts, but to the whole country. The pro- i
posed structure is to be at the east end of the I
"Vineyard Sound, This Sound is on the coast
of Massachusetts, extending about sixty miles
from one part of the Atlantic to another. It is
bounded on the south and east by a group of
islands, of which Nantucket is one, and on the
north and west principally by the continent. It is
from four to thirty miles in width and incumbered
j with many shoals, bars, and ledges. At the east
jt end of this Sound, and in an easterly direction,
the Nantucket shoals extend out to agreat distance.
The navigation over these shoals is exceedingly
dangerous at certain seasons of the year, depend-
ing much upon the winds and tides. There is no
harbor of refuge nearer to them, for vessels going
through what is called the south channel, than
Holmes*s Hole, which is about forty-five miles to
the west. At the inclement seasons of the year,
in order to get safely over the shoals, it is neces-
sary for vessels to avail themselves of the first of
southeily winds and favorable tides. They fre-
quently leave Holmes's Hole with a fair wind and
prospect, and by the time they arrive at the shoals
the wind ceases, or tide makes ahead, and they
arc left to point their way back again, or navigate
the dangerous passes in the night and storms. I
need not say that they are frequently driven to
sea or shipwrecked m making this attempt.
If the contemplated breakwater were erected i
so as to form a harbor at Nantucket Point, near !
these shoals, then the vessels, instead of harbor- '•
mg at Holmes's Hole, would go on to the Point, j
and from thence would lie able to take an early |
advantage of the south winds and tides, and nav- ,
igate the shoals in daylight, and with safety, it |
is said by the report of the engineei whosuiveyed |
| this place, t^at fifty vessels a day sometimes pass (
! down to the shoals from Holmes's Hole harbor. I
| I have counted, I think, one hundred vessels at 1
a time passing down the sound m the north and
, south channels. ;
| The amount of shipping which passes through i
| the sound is very great. The coasting vessels of i
; New England, the tonnage of which is about I
! 500,000, all pass throvigh it many times m the j
j year; many of the foieign-bound vessels, and >
I those to the English Provinces also pass this way.
t The scientific gentleman who made the survey
: said, as long ago as 1827, that 8,000 vessels a year
would avail themselves of thebreakwater, if erected.
1 Since then our coasting tonnage has more than
j doubled. Although the contemplated breakwater I
i is intended as a harbor of refuge principally, yet I
: the local conveniences of Nantucket should not be !
! oveilooked. j
The inhabitants of this town have about 20,000 I
; tons of shipping employed in the whaling busi-
! ness. They have been engaged in this industry
for a century or more, and have carried on their
S business under a disadvantage of having no ship |
i harbor. The harbor at which their ships enter I
! when loaded, is Edgertown, about thirty miles
! from their residence; and from and to this harbor
I they transport the cargoes and outfits by lighters,
i Even under these circumstances, the town has be-
j come wealthy, and its citizens are not excelled in
i industry, respectability, nnd intelligence, by any [
\ part of New England. If the breakwater should j
, be built, it would afford them a ship-harbor, and !
! give a new impetus to their enterprise. Probably !
, there is no place on the Atlantic coast where ahar-1
bor of refuge is more needed, than at or near the 1
! Nantucket shoals. There are but few citizens in ■
: this country who have been engaged in commerce,
| that have not met with losses by shipwrecks in
! that legion, and fewer still, I apprehend, who
have not lost near and dear friends, who would
i have been saved had this contemplated harbor
been built. "Within my own recollection, I could
' recount the loss of single ships and cargoes, on
these shoals, whose value was equal to about one I
half of the costs that would be incurred in making \
a convenient harbor* according to the estimates of j
the Department. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. WALSH. 1 wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce if this is the same
place to which he referred?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I understand that this amend-
ment relates to Nantucket. If it is, then it is the j
same breakwater to which I referred. |
The question was then taken on Mr. Scudder's :
amendment, and it was rejected. i
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I offer the foi- !
lowing amendment: i:
For a survey of the bars and obstructions at and near the
mouth ot the east branch of the Paseajoula river, in the
State of Mississippi, with a view to the removal of said
l/ars and obstructions, $2,TOD.
I have offered that PascagouJa amendment for
the last time, [Laughter,] I stand here pretty
much in the attitude of the man who visited Gen-
eral Jackson when he was President. He came
on to Washington asking for the mission to Eng-
land. It was refused him. He then asked a
Cabinet appointment. That was refused him. He
came down to a collectorship, and when that was
refused him, he said he would put up with a clerk-
ship. But that also was denied him. As a last
dying hope he inquired of the old General if he
could not give him a pair of old boots; and when
they were refused, he swore he would not be a
I Jackson man any longer. [Laughter.] 1 have
[ asked $f>0,000 to make improvements on the Pas-
j cagoula, and I have come down by little and little
\ until now I ask only $2,000 for a survey. If you
' do not give it to me I shall certainly vote against
■ this bili. [Laughter.}
I Gentlemen do not seem to understand the value
i of the Pascagoula river. Let me tell them it is a
! river of national importance, and ought to lie im-
| proved bv the nation. Three rule.? have been
j prescribed by distinguished men for governing
; cases like this. One by General Jackson, another
j by Mr. Calhoun,and the third by some one else—
I do not know who. This third party said a
work to be national ought to be in salt water.
But General Jackson thought you could improve
up to the last port of entry on a river, whether it
was on salt or fresh water; and Mr. Calhoun laid
down the rule that a river flowing through three
States could propeily claim the jurisdiction and!
protection of the National Treasury.
Now, this improvement on the Pascagoula is in
salt water; for it is in the Gulf of Mexico, and,
besides, I understand there was a salt barge sunk
there about ten years ago. [Laughter.] Then it
may be called a port of entry; for the river at this?
point enters directly into the county of Jackson,
in my State. The Pascagoula river flows through
three States. It rises in a State of prosperity—i*
flows through a State of alHuence—but it empties
into a State of embarrassment. If, however, you
will only give me this $2,000 to make the survey,
I have no doubt it will empty, ultimately, into a
State of extraordinary wealth, and that will make
four States. I will not take less than $2,000 for
this survey. That is the last and lowest propo-
sition. If you do not give me that, I shall vote
against the hill most certainly. [Laughter.] I
beiieve you think I mean to do it, any how.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brown's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. TUCK offered the following amendment
to the bill:
For the construction of a son-wall ftom Great Island to
(/oar [stand, m Portsmouth harbor, New Hampglmo, pro-
vided the samp <*?m bp dime, in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Navy, without inci oiiMna: the current of water against
said islands to any injurious extent, the sn:n of $21,313.
Mr. T. said: I offer that amendment in good
faith, and I hope it will be adopted, because 1 be-
lieve it ought to pass. I propose this amendment
for an improvement in Portsmouth harbor, and X
will state this fact-*—although I do not pretend that
it is a very strong argument in favor of the allow-
ance of the claim—that there is not a dollar appro-
priated in this bill for my State. Now, sir, it is
verified by the affidavits connected with the peti-
tion that I hold in my hand, that on the day on
which those affidavits were made, there were no
less than three vessels run aground, in conse-
quence of the violence of the current, which may
be remedied by erecting the sea-wall proposed.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. Colonel Abert, of the Topograhical
Engineers, went into an estimate of the cost of
the work, which is the sum mentioned in the pro-
posed amendment, and Colonel Abert made a re-
port on the subject. I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, that the main
reason, if not the only reason, why the committee
acted unfavorably upon the proposition was, that
in the latter part of .this report of Colonel Abert,
he suggests the possibility that by erecting this
sea-wall, the current misrht be increased to such
violence as to do damage to the land. Now, sir,
I have drawn my amendment in such a way, that
if, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, the
rapidity of the current would be dangerously in-
