1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
Mr. BRODHEAD, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Davis, widow of
Daniel W. Davis; which was read, and passed to
the second reading".
PRIVATE LA3ND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GrWIN. Pursuant to previous notice, I
ask leave to introduce a bill supplemental to the
act of Congress, approved March 3d, 1851, to as-
certain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California.
Leave was granted, and the bill was introduced
and rend a first time.
Mr, GWIN. Mr. President, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate that this bill may now
have a second reading, with a view to reference.
In making this motion, 1 propose to show its ob-
ject, and the reasons which induce me to urge that
it may be speedily matured into a law.
It is known that under the governments which
preceded the United States in sovereignty in Cali-
fornia, a number of large claims had their origin,
in virtue of which extensive bodies of lands are
claimed as private property; and that before and
since the change of government, and at the passage
of the act of 3d March, 1851, there were titles of
this class in which there was so much uncertainty
as to what was their limits or position, that it was
often impossible for settlers, in locating them-
selves, to know whether they were on the public
lands, or upon what might be claimed under a
Spanish or Mexican title. The consequence is,
that settlers, innocent of any intention to encroach
upon the claims of others, have gone to work and
reduced into possession small parcels of land, and
made valuable improvements within what it now
appears is claimed as the property of others, under
titles derived from the former governments, [n
doing this, they have imparted such additional
value to the adjacent property as, in the ordinary
transactions of life, might be regarded as a full
equivalent for the small parcels they occupy. But
I am not willing, even under this view of the case,
that the owners of bona fide foreign titles shall
lose a single acre of their lands. The object I
have in contemplation is to do justice both to the
settler and to tne claimant under Spanish or Mex-
ican titles. 1 wish to secure the bona fide settler
in the soil covered by his actual improvements,
according to the most minute legal subdivisions
of the public lands that will embrace his residence
and those improvements, and, at the same time,
indemnify the Spanish or Mexican claimant by
giving him othei lands now the property of this
Government. I think I know enough of the jus-
tice and liberality of the people of our country to
satisfy me that a measure like this could not fail
to be acceptable to them. I cannot believe that
there is an extensive landholder or claimant in the
State of California, that would be willing, had he
the power, to dispossess and drive off the actual
settler from the small piece of land on which he
has established himself, and leave him and his
family homeless, and without a remedy.
1 propose, then, to quiet this class of rights, and
to indemnify the parties claiming under written
titles; and find that I am not only fortified in this
measure by what seems to me an obvious act of
justice under the circumstances, but by the policy
of Congress in analogous cases. The wholelegis- j
lation,general and special, of the country, indicates !
the tender and constant regard which has ever j
been extended towards settlers, and the liberal pro- |
vision which Congress has felt to be their due. j
Hence, from the acquisition of Louisiana and j
Florida up to the present session of Congress, we [
find our statute books full of laws for the security |
of settlement rights. It was my anxious desire, ;
and I made an effort, to have a principle inserted s
in the act of March 3d, 1851, kindred to that con- 1
templated by the bill I now propose to introduce. !
The importance of the early passage of that act, \
and the apprehension that the enactment of it
might be endangered for want of time if I insisted !
on this amendment, then induced me to defer the j
subject for a more suitable opportunity, knowing j
that mv object could be effected in a supplemental j
hill. The time is now arrived, when it is neces- !
sary and of the highest importance to our people |
that this bill should be passed. ^ < j
It is plain and explicit in its provisions, which 1
are few find simple. The board have the power ,
finally to confirm these settlement rights, and issue .
a certificate of confirmation. This is the mode >
prescribed in the fourth section of the act of Con-
gress, approved March 3d, 1807, entitled 44 An act
respecting claims to land in the Territories of Or-
leans and Louisiana," by which the commission-
ers appointed for the purpose of ascertaining the
rights of persons claiming land m those Territories
had " full power to decide" according to the laws,
usages, &c., and for a tract not exceeding a league
square; which decision that law declares, " when
in favor of the claimant shall be final against the
United States, any act of Congress to the contrary
notwithstanding*/' and the fifth section of that act
provides for the granting to a party of 44 a certifi-
cate (confirmation certificate) stating the circum-
stances ot the case, and that he was entitled to a
patent for a tract of land therein described;" and
then, as proposed in the present bill, makes pro-
vision for the survey and the subsequent issuing
of the patent. But 1 come now to consider the
policy of Congress, and the reasons for it, in deal-
ing with titles analogous to these. In our early
legislation, laws were passed for ascertaining and
adjusting titles and claims in the former province
of Louisiana; and the sixth section of the act of
March 3d, 1811, expressly interdicted the offering
for sale of any " tract of land" to which a claim
had been duly filed according to law for the pur-
pose of investigation, until the final action of
Congress thereon. Notwithstanding this, in the
progress and rapid growth of the country, many
of these claims, which were indefinite m extent or
limits, or difficult of identification, were settled
upon by our citizens. Sales of portions of them
were made by the officers of the Government, set-
tlement claims were confirmed by Congress as
donations, and school sections allotted.
Congress, however, in forbidding the sale of
lands covered by foreign titles, reserved the right
"to do what should seem to itself agreeable to
equity and reason on a full and final .survey of the
whole subject."
A profound jurist of this country, Mr. Legare,
late Attorney General of the United States, has
placed our relation to this subject in a most stri-
king point of view. "We all know," he said,
4 how impossible it is for the Government to stay,
4 or even regulate the eager rush of our people into
4 the new lands. It accordingly did, in that case,
' what it has been over and over again constrained
'to do, as against itself by its own preemption
' laws; it sanctioned what it could not prevent,
4 and made compensation to the claimant under a
4 treaty with a foreign government, which itcould
4 no more execute literally than it could its own
4 laws with regard to the sale of its domain. I
4 say, claims under a treaty—claims against itself
4 as a Government—claims which no court has any
4 right to enforce, and which bind Congress, only
4 in conscience, and bind the other Departments
4 only so far as Congress has been pleased to
4 acknowledge. For although by referring these
4 claims to the decision of a district court, with an
4 appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
4 States, they are made, to a certain intent, judicial
4 questions; yet it is only so far as regards their
4 validity as claims, or 'jura ad rem.* The in-
4 quiry, is this a good and valid, or a false and
4 groundless claim? is, under these acts, to be
4 answered by the courts; but the subsequent
4 question, supposing it to be the former, how
4 shall it be executed ? is one which, under the acts
4 of 1824 and 1836, (read together,) Congress has,
4 in my opinion, in all cases, within the exception
' referred to above, reserved for its own decision,
'and in regard to which it has decided that the
4 execution shall be by an equivalent in land."
And what is the provision which Congress made
in this matter in the act of the 2bth May, 1824,
the first law that was ever passed for the adjudica-
tion of foreign titles by the court, being " An act
' enabling the claimants to lands within the limits
4 of the State of Missouri and Territory of Arkan-
' sas to institute proceedings to try the validity of
4 their claims Why, by the eleventh section,
it is declared that, "if in any case, it should so
4 happen that the lands, tenements, or fteredita-
4 ments, decreed to any claimant under the provis-
4 ions of this act, shall have been sold by the
4 United States, or otherwise disposed of, or if the
4 same shall not have been heretofore located; in
4 each and every such case it shall and may he
4 lawful for the party interested to enter, afu-r the
4 same shall have been offered at public sale, the
4 like quantity," on other lands.
The justice and constitutionality of this measure
necessarily came by appeal in review by the su-
preme judicial tribunal of the country, and were
fully sustained, as we find in the case of Antoine
Soulard's heirs vs. the United States. (10 Pe-
ters's Reports, page 100.) In that case there was
a grant in 1796, by the Lieutenant Governor
of Upper Louisiana, for a tract of 10,000 arpens,
French measure, many years before we acquired
the province from the French Republic, and an
actual survey of it was made in February,-1804,
being prior to the date in which possession, under
the treaty of cession, was taken of Upper Lou-
isiana in behalf of the United States.
By these proceedings the title of the sovereign
had been diverted in favor of Soulard, and the
tract absolutely detached and severed, by actual
survey, from the map of the public lands.
Notwithstanding this, the Supreme Court sus-
! tained the principle now contended for, m decree-
j ing the claim of the petitioners to the land 44 to be
j 4 a good and valid title thereto, by the law of na-
4 tions, the laws, usages, and customs of Spain,
4 (under whose Government the title originated,)
4 the treaty between France and the United States,
4 for the cession of Louisiana, and the stipulations
4 thereof, *' (with which the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo is almost identical, in terms, in regard to the
security of property,) 44 as well as the acts of Con-
gress in relation thereto." For we find that the
court, in decreeing the title valid in that case, did
so, except as to certain parts of the lands surveyed
for Soulard, which had been sold by the United
States; and the court then further ordered and de-
creed 44 that the title of the petitioners to all of said
4 land embraced in said concession and survey,
4 which has not been sold by the United States, is
4 valid by the laws and treaty aforesaid, and is
4 hereby confirmed to them, agreeably to the said
4 concession and survey." That court, at thesame
time, in ordering the surveyor general to survey
the land, directed him to 44 certify, on the plats and
4 certificates of such survey to be made, what part
4 or parts of the original survey of such land had
4 been sold by the United States, with the quantity
4 thereof;" and further declared theconfirmees en-
titled to take the area of the interfering sales in
other lands.
This act of 26th of May, 1824, for the adjust-
ment of claims by the courts, and which was lim-
ited to Missouri and the Territory of Arkansas,
was, with certain limitations, extended to Florida,
by the sixth section of the act of Congress of 23d
May, 1828, 44 supplementary to the several acts
providing for the settlement and confirmation of
private land claims in Florida," and, since the
same act of 1824 was revived and extended to
Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and so much of
the States of Mississippi and Alabama as is in-
cluded in the district or country south of the thirty-
first degree of north latitude, and between the Mis-
sissippi and Perdido rivers.
Thus we see the principle which Congress has
deemed proper to lay down in making the courts
the instruments of adjudicating foreign titles, and
that the correctness of that principle has been fully
sustained by the judiciary.
We will now see what course was pursued by
Congress in regard to a large and important class
of titles in Missouri, which remained unadjusted
after the passage of the act of 1824, and before the
enactment of the law of 17th June, 1844, and
where Congress retained to itself jhe power finally
to confirm or not. By an act,approved 9th July,
1832, 44 for the final adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri," provision was made for the
appointment of a board of commissioners for the
examination of French and Spanish titles. The
second section of that act required the board to lay
before the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice a report, under a certain classification, of the
claims so classed, 44 stating therein the date and
4 quantity of each; whether there be any,and what,
4 conflicting claims, and the evidence upon which
4 each claim depends, and the authority and pow-
4 ers under which the said claim was granted by
4 the Spanish or French Governor, commandant,
4 or sub-delegate, to be laid before Congress for
4 their final decision upon the claims contained in
4 such first class." A report was accordingly
made by the commissioners, on the 27ih Novem-
ber, 1833, and communicated to the Senate m Jan-
uary, 1834. In that report the commissioners
con template a state of things analogous to that for
