218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
Savannah, in the State of Georgia, and for the
improvement of the same; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom were referred
documents relating to the application of John
Schley for the extension of a patent, reported a
bill to extend a patent heretofore granted to John
Schley, of the State of Georgia.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Charles A. Kellett, reported it without amend-
ment. and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a memorial of
members of the Bar of the District of Columbia,
reported a bill to make the salary of the judge of
the criminal court of the District of Columbia
equal to that of an assistant judge of the circuit
court of said District; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to provide for holding the courts of tfee
United States in case of the sickness or other dis-
ability of the,judges of the district courts," ap-
proved July 29, 1850, reported it without amend-
ment.
On* motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
chaigedfrom the further consideration of the documents
relating to the claim of the State of Rhode Island for ad-
vances to volunteers in the late war with Mexico.
On motion, also, by Mr. J., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Nathan Weston, Jr.
TONNAGE OF VESSELS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be in-
etiuerod to communicate to the Senate the following in-
foimation, to wit:
First. The number and tonnage of American and foreign
vessels which have amved annually in the United States
from foreign pmls after 1814, designating the countness to
which such vessels belonged, and that from which they
Jast, before their arrival, clcared.
Second. The number and tonnage of such vessels which
have arrived, during the same period, annually, m the ports
of Poitland, Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
Mobile, anji New Oilcans, respectively.
Third The number and tonnage of rucIi vessels which
have arrived m the United States during the same period
! from foreign ports on the lakes, classifying m all cases
euch vessels in the usual manner.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. GWIN. As I believe the morning busi- .
ness is concluded, I hope the memorial introduced
sometime since by the .Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Brodjiead,] relating to flogging in the |
Navy, which lias been laid upon the tabic, may be :
now taken up. Its consideration is due, as a mat- '
ter of courtesv, to the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stocktox.]
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. Let the petition be read.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
To the honorable the
lieve, that considerable numbers of the crews of our ships,
on approaching the coast of Ameiioa in the winter season,
have retired from their duty, knowing that the command-
ers had no legal authority to compel their servicc by the
prompt and summary infliction of punishment, -and that
such vessels have been exposed in most inclement weather
to great danger from such abandonment of duty on the part
of this portion of their crew.
Your memorialists would also further state, that the de-
sertion of duty before referred to in all cases had been on the
pait of the ^oi&t portion of the crews of those ships, and
thatitthu'i imposes upon the. better portion of them so severe
a duty that their strength may, iu the hour of the utmost
need, lail them, and that whilst deserters from duty are en-
joying themselves in their hammocks, protected fiom the
fury of the storm, their exhaustion may lead to the loss of i
the ship, and the destruction of the lives of all on board of I
her. Good men, who do their duty, fear no punishment, |
and it is not inflicted upon them. The good men of the j
service, it is believed, desire the repeal of the late law. It (
imposes upon them the duty of bad men, whoshelter them- i
selves under it from the performance of their duty. It is |
not, in the opinion of your memorialists, punishment, i
whether it be of the lash, the dungeon, or the sword, that ;
disgraces a man. It is the offence which merits such pun- ;
ifhment that dis-graccs him. Lafayette was not difgiaccd
by incarceration in the dungeons of Olmutz, Algernon j
Sydney by the axe of the second Ohailes, nor the great ;
Apo&Ue to the Gentiles by the repeated infliction on his
person of the Mosaic law of " forty stripes save one."
If a sailor be so lost to a sense ot duty, feeling, and honor,
as to desert his post, or to commit dime, there is little dan-
ger to bo apprehended of his feeling disgraced by the inflic-
tion of punishment by the lash, the chain bail, or the tread-
mill.
And your memorialists would further add, that the ne-
cessary power of moderate and pioinpt punishment for j
petty offences committed on board ship has been, and still I
is, confeired on commanders of British vessels, and was |
so upon commanders of American vessels until the last i
session of the Congress of the United States; and will only '
refer, in addition to the foregoing statements, to the high '
state ot discipline and efficiency attained by these great I
maritime powers as a vindication of that practice, and an i
argument in favor of its reenactment. j
And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray. '
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, the sub- i
ject of this memorial, in my judgment, is equal in !
importance to any which is likely to occupy the j
attention of Congress. It was, therefore, sir, that
I asked the Senate, on its first presentation, to per- .
mit it to lie on the table for a few days, that I !
might have an opportunity to examine it. At the :
same time I promised the Senate, when it next I
came up, that I would express my views in rela- <
fion to it. It is my purpose now to redeem that j.
promise. ;
The memorial upon the table presents for the :
consideration of the Senate nothing less than the I
whole foundation of our naval structure—the hu- j
man material by which your ships are worked and 1
fought, your guns leveled, and their thunders !
pointed at your foes. Good ships, well built, well I
rigged, and fully equipped, are magnificent and '
perfect specimens of human science and art. But i
unless they are manned by good men they will sail ,
only to become prizes to your enemies. If you i|
do not desire to build ships for your enemies, you ;J
must give them crews worthy to defend them. '
o... .    _ i. _, •.
defatigable industry,to the guardian ministrations
of the lash. To say thai men who can make such
voyages, and endure such hardships cheerfully and
contentedly, cannot navigate their own national
ships without the infliction of the infamous lash,
is a libel. Is their nature changed the moment
they step on the deck of a national vessel? Are
they less men—less Americans—as soon as the
custody of the American flag, or the national
honor, is intrusted to their keeping? No, sir; it
is a libel. I do not mean to use the word in an
offensive sense, nor shall I to-day use any word
in that sense. It is one of those inconsiderate,
thoughtless opinions, which mankindseem to think
they have a perfect right to express in regard to
sailors. It was not long since, sir, that I had a
conversation on this subject with a gentleman who
had for several years commanded a fine ship in the
merchant service, but who is now an honorable,
active, and efficient man of business in one of our
large cities, and to whose integrity, generosity,
and humanity, I would intrust anybody but a
sailw. After he had heard my views on this sub-
ject, he instantly replied, "Why you mean to treat
them like human beings." The theory that the
i\Tavy cannot be governed, and that our national
ships cannot be navigated without the use of the
lash, seems to me to be founded in that false idea,
that sailors are not men—not American citizens—
have not the common feelings, sympathies, and
honorable impulses of our Anglo-American race.
1 do not wonder, when I look back on the past
history of the sailor, at the prevalence of this
idea. His life has been a life of habitual, I will
not say of systematic, degradation. The officers
who command him—the oldest, the bravest, and
the best—have been accustomed from their boy-
hood to see the sailor lashed about the ship's deck
like a brute. He who by the laws of the service
in which he is engaged is treated, or liable to be
treated, like a brute, soon comes to be thought of
as at least but little better than a brute. Who in
social life respects a man whose back has been
scarred at the whipping-post? Into what depth
of contempt does such a punishment sink its vic-
tim ? And here is one of the worst evils of the sys-
tem. It destroys those feelings of respect and kind-
ness which officers ought to entertain for the sailors
under their command. But this is only one of
the worst evils of the system. It destroys those
feelings of regard and respect which the sailors
should entertain' for their officers. The truth is,
there are no relations of affection and regard be-
tween them. The one is the oppressor, the other
the oppressed. Sir, a man may fear or hate; but
he neither loves nor respects his tyrant. The
worst government upon earth is that of fear; the
best, that of love and affection. These senti-
ments, by a law of our nature, must be mutual
sentiments. Bonaparte was the idol of the sol-
Scnrde of the United States of '
..■Iwericn: \
The memorial of the Mib>onhois citizens of the United
States, beg leave respectfully to represent to your honor-
able body, that at the la>t s-ssion of the Congress of the
United States an important changc was made in the regu-
lations by which the di-ejphrie of the IVavj, and of the
commercial marine of the United State was enforced, and
wlurh, m the opinion of \our memorialists it it be not
modified or repealed, win load to the most disastrous re-
sults to that great aim of the national deft nee and welfare.
i onr memorialists refer to the law by which command-
er* of vessels are not permitted, for the commission of
petty offences against the regulation of their ship and the
laws of naval discipline, to inflict a prompt and ready
punishment upon offenders for the commission of such
offences.
Your memorialists most respectfully represent that on j
the high seas, where ready access to legal civil tribunals i
cannot be obtained for the prompt punishment of offenders !
against the laws of the naval and marine service, and where
it h neither possible to dischaige such offenders from the !
semce or to obtain others to occupy their places and per- I
form their duties, it is of tsic highest importance that a I
power should bs conferred upon commanders to compel the i
service of their ciews by mean's and punishments which
under other rncumst-mces, would not be required. '
Your memorialists would state, m illustration of the fore-
going proposition, that they have been informed, and be-
Sir, the difference between sailors is as great as J dier, because the soldier was his idol. They
the difference between other classes of different na- |! loved him because they supposed he loved them
tions. Tnere is as much difference between the • There is nothing that gallant and brave men will
American sailor m our whaling and coasting ser- : not do and suffer for a commander whom they
vice and the sailors ot other nations, as there is be- i love. Difficulties and dangers and death have no
tween the raw European emigrant and the sturdy terrors for such men. In great battles, where the
son of one of oiu frontier pioneers. 1 he; erat- • ( contest has been doubtful, those soldiers have
grant will, m some cases, almost starve, while the ,1 always fought most desperately whose devotion
pioneer is building his log house, enclosing his Jj to their commander was the greatest. It has
cornfield, and making himself an independent and ji always been considered as an essential element in
usetul man. . . | the character of a successful commander, that
I am of opinion that the nation whose service is .1 he should be able to excite and encourage the
supplied with the best common sailors, will excel |j confidence and affection of the men under his
m naval warfare, as well asm all maritime pursuits. J; command. But what confidence or regard can
I am further of opinion, that m versatility, educa- ;| be expected uftder the government of the lash5
r^rT1 mdustl7'0ur in t'l^But niore than this: this punishment destroys
whalm^ and coasting service excel those of all I the sailor's own self-respect What has lion
other nations. T ,im furthermore nf nninlnn ,w !> 1--. , v, , P. , vvnal nas "°n-
I am furthermore of opinion, that
the superiority of the American sailor has decided
the battle in our favor in many a bloody conflict,
when, without that superiority, it might have been
otherwise. I desire to secure and preserve that su
k-lAwl r"P~ 4-1 4. J   Ji* 1  ' 1 * T
or what has pride—what has patriotism to do
with a man who may be, at the caprice of
another, subjected to an infamous punishment,
worse—aye, sir, in some cases worse a thousand
•„ •. t .u   j j7'~ir '■ times—than death? Can nobleness of sentiment, or
perionty. To that end, and for humanity's sake, ]; an honorable pride of character, dwell with one
I am utter, jr and iiieconcilably opposed to the use ji whose every muscle has been made to quiver under
of the lash m the ISavy, or anywhere else. The ;i the lash ? Can he long continue to love his coun-
ongest, the most arduous voyages are made in , try. whose laws degrade him to the level of a brute'
the merchant service without the use of the lash, j. The infamous « question" of torture now onlv
In the Polar seas-arnong the icebergs of the || remains as a blot on the page of AnMo-Saxon
Arctic and Antarctic oceans, the intrepid New || history. The whipping-post, where The worst
Englander pursues his gigantic game and hurls his :| vagrants used to expiate their offences has been
harpoon; and after a three years voyage, returns j | discarded from society. The worst offences'
with mhr smrti * Kio *vwiai.uuujie!5
with the oily spoils of his adventurous navigation, j
But he owes none of his success, his patient en-
durance, his exemplary discipline, and his in-
o, v ---     ill UU1
fetate prisons are no longer punished by the lash.
VVhy is all this? Why are those punishments
now condemned as the shameful relics of a bar-
