1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
For the improvement of the navigation of the Rio Grande,
$25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have, perhaps, already suffi-
ciently explained the importance of this appropri-
ation. It would result m an annual saving to
the Government, of more than double the amount j
of the appropriation in transportation for the
army. It has been errnestly recommended by
the Secretary of War and the Quartermaster's
Department.
The head of the Topographical Engineers ob-
jected to it at the last session, that the question of
jurisdiction as to the channel had not been settled
between the United States and Mexico. There
was never anything in the objection, as the treaty
gives to the United States the right of navigation
of the river, and the Secretary of War overruled
Colonel Abert, by saying it was a question for
Congress. That officer, in resisting this improve-
ment, has placed himself in direct opposition to
the Secretary of War, who in his last report,
urged it for military purposes. And as to the
question of the jurisdiction, the survey of the Rio
Grande will be completed by the Boundary Com-
mission, before this bill can become a law.
There is no doubt that it is a national stream,
as it separates this country from the Republic of
Mexico, and its navigation is made national and
common to both countries by the treaty. There
has been a large commerce on the river ever since
peace with Mexico, which would augment to ten
or fifteen millions a year if adequate protection
was given to that frontier.
The statement that there has been no survey,
or estimate for the river, is wholly unfounded.
There was a survey by Lieutenant Smith, one of
the most accomplished officers in the Topographi-
cal Corps. He goes into a minute estimate of the i
whole work and sums up as follows: j
Cost of outfit   $4,700 j
Amount of pay-roll, (for labor hands)  10,360 j
Piovisions  2,142 j
Total .,$19,'203
And concludes as follows;
" If we add one third of this amount to cover unforeseen
accidents, delays, &c., there will result for the tinal esti-
mate, ^5,600."
He goes minutely into the consideration of each
and every obstruction, and accompanies his report
by a map showing its locality. The river, there-
fore, has been carefully surveyed, and estimated for
by the oifieer who made the survey. It was in
the bill of last Congress, but there is no justice to
my district in the present bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SAVAGE offered the folLowing amend-
ment:
That the sum of #50,000 be appropriated for the purpose
of improving the navigation of the Cany Foik and Cum-
berland rivers, above the city of Nashville, in the estate of
Tenmjsfcee.
Mr. Chairman, these are the only two navigable
streams which touch the district I represent; and
I can say further, that I represent upon this floor
a district in which a single dollar has never been
expended by the General Government for inter-
nal improvements. I am opposed to this whole
system, but I am in favor of this amendment,
for the reason that if such a system is to be
put into operation, this ought to be made a part
and parcel of it. It is a system which gives
to a large portion of the people of the United
States all the benefits which are claimed to be
derived by the provisions of this bill for the re-
spective localities to which they are applied; and
though our rivers are not so large, yet I cannot
appreciate that sort of logic, which would fail to
give us the necessary means of improving those
streams, and would give to others, whose naviga-
tion is by nature much superior to ouis. The
streams for which I ask this appropriation, it is
true, are small, but their improvement is as much
a matter of importance to my constituents, as is
the improvementof the larger streams to the con-
stituents of gentlemen representing the sections of
country in which those streams are located. My
constituents have ever been ready to sustain this
Government by money and by men; and I ask
that a portion of the benefits of this bill shall go
to them; 1 ask gentlemen, who are so fortunate as
to live upon larger streams than I do, whether
they will vote these large sums of money, of
which we pay an pqtial proportion, and, at the
. same time, refuse to give us a single cent ? I say,
we must ever regard a bill of that kind as a fraud
upon our rights. Sir, a certain class, upon this
floor, have put just enough into this bill to secure
a majority of this House for the purpose of ap-
propriating large sums of the public money to
their own individual interest. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Martin] discloses the true
state of facts, when he says he wants a portion of
these appropriations reserved for the purpose of
passing bills of this kind hereafter. The truth is,
that if you were to make a bill fair and equal to
all portions of the country, such a bill could not
pass this House. One man could go home to his
constituents, afid tell them "I have brought you
$50,000 to improve your river;" but let that con-
stituency be able to tell him, " You have brought
us home an appropriation to improve our riv-
ers, but you have given an equal one to every
other district in the countryand they will not
thank him for it.
[Cries of " Question " Question !"]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN offered the following amend-
ment:
For the survey of Mouse Island and Ottowa City, on
Lake Erie, with reference to the establishment of a break-
water, $400.
Mr. GREEN called for tellers upon the adop-
tion of the amendment; but they were not ordered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON offered the followingamend-
ment:
For the improvement of the Mauinee liver, in the State of
Ohio, below the foot of the rapids, ,^0,0(10.
Mr. E. said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer a
few remarks in explanation of that amendment.
There is no amendment which has been proposed
to this bill which has more justice in it than this.
The reason is, that there is now in the National
Treasury, derived from those immediately inter-
ested in this improvement, the money which we
aslc for making it. It is known that, in 1815, the
Government laid out Government lots at the foot
of the rapids, near the side of Fort Meigs, now
the town of Perrysburg. The Government offi-
cers intimated that that point would be the head
of navigation in the Maumee river. The Govern-
ment also reserved for itself, at the same time, the
principal lots in the town of Perrysburg for a mil-
itary post. For these reasons the people pur-
chased lots at that point, at exorbitant prices,
upon the supposition that Perrysburg and Mau-
mee City, upon the opposite side of the river, were
to be the head of navigation. In 1835, the Gov-
ernment ordered a survey of the Maumee river,
upon which the estimated expense for making this
improvement was $51,000. 1 nowaskfor $20,000
to commence making this improvement. It is ab-
solutely necessary to the business of these towns
at the foot of the Maumee rapids. The town of
Perrysburg is the county seat of the county of
Wood, and Maumee City is the county seat of
Lucas county. The Government has, by its acts,
indicated this as the head of navigation for that
river, and the State of Ohio has, by means of locks
and a canal, so increased the business facilities of
these towns, that nothing is required but an im-
provement in the navigation of the river to add
much to the commerce at the foot of the rapids.
It is so for a good part of the year, and, during the
prevalence of the southwestern winds, the waters
are driven from the bay, and their navigation is
impeded. This appropriation which is asked for
is believed to be nearly sufficient to accomplish the
object.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Edgerton, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to strike out
" $8,000," and insert " §25,000" in the following
clause:
"For the improvementof the channel at the mouth of
the Cape Fear rivpr, North Carolina, i$g,000."
Mr. C. said: I know, Mr. Chairman, that this
is an unfortunate time of the day to ask the House
to listen to me for even three minutes, which is
as much as I shall occupy at this time. We are
anxious, I know, to get through the bill, and
many of us would like to get our dinners; yet I
hope the committee will hear me for a moment.
This sum of $25,000 is exactly what Professor
Bache recommended for this work, as I have been
informed by my colleague, [Mr. Ashe;] and it is
to remove an obstruction which was put in the
mouth of the Cape Fear river by the Government
itself. Ten years ago, there was about fifteen
feet of water upon that bar, and the Government,
in endeavoring to protect the fort at Smithville,
caused to be erected some piers, or jetties, which
cheeked the current, and by reason of the deposit
of sand, made the bar shallower, and also by
throwing the current to the opposite shore, has
greatly widened the river at that place, and.ren-
dered it much shallower than foimeily. The con-
sequence is, that the depth of water on the bar is
reduced to only seven feet, and is becoming less
every year, so that the harbor will possibly soon
be destroyed. I hope gentlemen will remember,
too, that there is not afiother harbor within one
hundred miles of this entrance at the mouth of the
Cape Fear, into which a vessel can go for refuge.
We ask that the Government will repair the
mischief it has caused—do what it did for Great
Britain in the harbor of Gibraltar. You will rec-
ollect that, some years since, the steamer Mis-
souri sunk in that bay by a casualty, and some-
what obstructed the passage of the shipping there;
and at the request of those interested, we appro-
priated, during the last Congiess, the sum of
§80,000 to remove that obstruction. There was
the case of a vessel which was sunk by mere ac-
cident,and yet we felt it to be our duty to remove
it. In the present instance the Government, by-
its own operations, has stopped up the harbor in
the mode I have stated, and we only ask that the
wrong done be remedied.
I would say, further, that this sum was asked
for by Professor Bache, or his subordinates, and
I understand it has been refused by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, upon the ground that they had
already given $55,000 to North Carolina.
Why, sir, it is a little extraordiary that the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce did not
see that they had given about §250,000 to the State
of New York, and North Carolina has 
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, (interrupting.)
I only wish to say, 1 did not refuse my vote to it ■
upon any such ground. I wished an appropri-
ation put into the bill adequate to the purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My colleague [Mr. Ashe]
informs me that Professor Bache recommended
$25,000. I was about to say that North Carolina
has four times as much sea-coast as the State of
New York, while they will not allow us one fourth
as much money as they give to that State, and
the navigation with us is perhaps more' danger-
ous than upon the coast of any other part of the
continent; and, sir, bear in mind, that there is not
a port within one hundred miles of Cape Fear
harbor, and the Government has thought proper,
not by design, I admit, to obstruct it, and reduce
the depth of the water from fifteen feet down to
less than seven feet. Have we not a right, then,
to demand an appropriation adequate to the re-
moval of that obstruction ? The commerce of the
place, too, is rapidly growing, thanks to the enter-
prise of its inhabitants; and as soon as the im-
provements on the upper part of the river, now
in progress, are completed, and the large coal-
fields of that region are made readily accessible
from tide-water, there must be a vast increase in
the tonnage and shipping of that port. When
the Government ought to be aiding us, it is too
much that it should be throwing obstructions in
the way. Upon the principles of common hon-
esty, I feel tiiat I have a right to demand of the
committee an adequate appropriation.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell and Flor-
ence appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cling-
jian's amendment, and the tellers reported—aves
42, noes 73.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. CALDWELL. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. SAVAGE offered the following amend-
ment:
That there he and is hereby granted to the States of
Tennessee and Kentucky, out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of"$200,000 each,
to aid them in making that part of the southwestern rail-
road lying between the village of TuiIahome,in the county
