1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
which J now propose making provision. They
reported that—
C£ There are numerous cases of lands lying within the
French and Spam?h chums, belonging to the individuals
whose right oi -claim originated uodei the Government of
the United Static; some depend upon purcha^eis, some
upon'the laws allowing preemption; some others upon ;i
"New Madrid locations; ami souk;, a.'iun, upon settlement |i
rights which have been confirmed." i
Most of those penotis have been for a long time settled 1
upon their land5:. Their claims being of a bona fide char- j
actcr, derived from the Government of the United States, !
they went on to improve their lauds, making foi themselves j
and families comfortable homes, without any belief that j
thev would ever beinteriupted in thou possessions. Should i
{he claims reported by tne Hoard h" eonfitmed bv Congress ;
in-who]e or ui part, Congress will, m their wisdom, no i
doubt, notice the suggestions heie made, and carve out
-such a course as. will quiet tho uneasiness and anxiety 1
which are felt, by doing eveiytlnng wlueh even the most i
scrupulous demands of justice could de>ire " }
Congress did notice this suggestion, and, m ex- |
ercismg the power and right of final confirmation j
in the case of the greater portion of the claims
then recommended, declared, in the second section
of the. act of Congress, approved 4th July, 1836,
"confirming claims to land in the State of Mis-
souri, and foi other purposes," that if it should [
be found "that any tract or tracts, confirmed as j
4 aforesaid, or any part thereof, had he ell previ- ,
< ously located !>y any other person or persons, j
* under any law of the United States, or had been j
4 surveyed and sold by the United States, this act I
4 shall confer no title to such lands in opposition to i
1 the rights acquired by such location or purchase; j
' but the individual or individuals, whose claims j
* are hereby confirmed, shall be permitted to locate j
s so much thereof as interferes with such location |
* or purchase" on other public unappropriated ,
lands subject to private sale. j
I think [ have shown that the principleimbodied !
in this hill i«i just, reasonable, and proper, and not at
all inconsistent with our treaty obligations; that it '
is sanctioned by enlightened reason, sound policy,
by the most deliberate legislation of Congress and
solemn adjudieafions of the Supreme Court of the ;
United States; and, \vheie\er it has operated, it
has been fully acquiesced in as equitable and neces-
sary when applied to the most important and wide- \
spread lauded interest of the country.
In behalf, then, of the hardy emigrants, of the 1
industrious settlers, I ask of you to protect, by i
Jaw, their settlements, to secure them in their ]
homes, and, in the name of equity and good con- ■
science, where such settlements are bona fide for- |
eign titles, to do justice to that class of my con- i
stituents who are the owners of such titles by
making them at the same time ample indemnity
on other lands.
The bill was read a second time, and referred to
the Committer on Public Lands.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. HUN rf*Ul. I move that all piior orders ,
be postponed in order that the deficiency bill may
be taken up.
Mr, GWIN. I hope the Senator will allow us
to take up the apportionment bill. It has been
fully discussed, and can immediately be ordered !
to be engrossed and be put upon its passage. [
Mr. HUNTER. U is for the Senate to deter-
mine which hill shall be taken up. If 1 thought ,
the bill alluded to by the Senator from California
could be disposed of without further discussion, I
would not object to its consideration, but I must
insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TlilO DEFICIENCY" B I Lh.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House ;
of Representatives, to supply deficiencies in the ,
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1852: the question pend- 1
ing being upon the first amendment of the Com- ,
mittee on Finance to insert the following clause:
For completing the floating diy dock at San Fianei^co, ;
California, authou/.ed by act of .id March, 1851, "$330,000.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a sum which was i
orignally estimated for the next fiscal year, and
was accordingly placed in thecivil and diplomatic '
bill for the next fiscal year, by the Committee of
Ways and Means. But it seems that the dock j
will be finished sooner than was anticipated. It
will be finished before the end of the present fiscal
year: and it is recommended by the Department .
that we should pay it in this bill. The Committee ,
on Finance concurred in that recommendation. j
The amendment was agreed to. 1
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- |]
nance was to strike out the proviso in the follow- i
ing clause: I
Foi compensation to temporary clerks in tho office of 1
the Third Auditor ot theTreasuty, employed in makmgout
ceititivates ot service from the mu^ter-rolli ot lb 12, and j
the several Indian wars, 11,600: Provided, That no cletk t
shall'icceive more than at the late ot jjjsl.OOO per annum J
under this act; j
And insert in lieu of this proviso, the following: j
Which sum shall be distributed among the clerks, ac- [
cording to the diiection of the Secretary of the Tieasury: :
Provided, That no salary from this fund shall exceed $1,200 .
per annum. ;
The amendment was agreed to. i
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the word "temporarily," after the word
" employed," in the following clause: |
For compensation to extia cieiks emplo}ed m the office !
of the Auditor ot the I'o-t Ofhea Dop.ntineiit. >£4,000.
The amendment was agreed to. I
The next amendment of the committee was to
strikeout ''fifteen" and insert "twelve," in the 1
following clause:
For subdividing fifty townships into sections, at a rate
not exceeding nj-lo per mile, .$36,000. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
The next amendment of the committee was to .
insert the following item: j
For compensation of the smveyor general of Arkansas, ,
per act ot August 8th, 1646, .^2,0Jo. j
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to ■
insert the following item: ,
Foi clerk*, in tlie office of the surveyor geneial ofArkan- 1
sa>, per act ot Au^ht bth, 1646, -50,300 '
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of esti- ;
mate. '
The amendment was agreed to. |
The next amendment of the committee was to i
strike out " live" and insert "six," in the follow- ;
ing clause: i
For -iuvo\> in the nnneial region of Michigan, at a rate :
not exceeding •>> pet nule, .*}2U,h00. i
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to 1
insert the following: :
For completing the improvements of New Jersey ave- 1
j nue, notlh ot the Capitol, j*9,000. ■
i Mr. HUNTER. This is for the improvement |
! of New Jersey avenue, which runs by the railroad
i depot. It is in pursuance of an estimate from the
j Department of the Interior. These improvements
i have been commenced, and the report of the Com-
! missioner of Public Buildings shows how the
! money already appropriated has been expended.
, This amount will have to be expended either du-
! ring this or the next fiscal year. It is for the Sen-
; ate to determine which.
| The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment of the committee was to
I insert:
I For planting and fiimhing the roadc and walks thtough
, that portion ot the public mallsunounding the Smithsonian
1 Institution, ^5,000.
j Mr. HUNTER. This item is estimated for by
j the Secretary of the Interior. It is proposed to
! appropriate this amount m this bill, instead of ap-
j propriattng it for the next fiscal year, as this is
! the planting season.
! The amendment was agreed to.
j The next amendment of the committee was to
! insert this clause:
! For deficiency in the .ippropi iution for defravtng the e\*-
! pen^e-. ot prepaungthe Opinions; of the Attorneys General,
, .$1,230.
! The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment of the committee was, to
' strike out, in the appropriation for extra clerks in
! the Pension Office, "one thousand," and insert
| " twelve hundred,'" in this proviso:
i Pro j WW, That no eleik shall receive more than at the
late of one thousand dollar? per annum, under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
For exp'erwc-? of establishing the supenntendency of In-
dian aflan.> m California, authorized by the act of 3d of
Maich, vi/,:
For salary of >upernitendcrit $1,318 68
For ,-alajy <">r cJej k  80-1 17
For rent of office for superintendent  1,000 00
For stationeiy, tue!, lights, &e., for office of .-u-
pentiLendent    275 00
For nies<i>n^cr, expense?. &c  400 00
For labor, mitCfdlaneous items, and contingent
expenses of the superintendency  275 00
For presents and provisions for Indians visiting
superintendent on official business $1,000 00
For traveling expenses ot the superintendent and
the necessary attendants  2.500 00
For turmture lor supenulend^nt'sofftce  1,000 00
For iron safe for superintendent's ottice  1,000 00
For erection of buildings tor the u-c of Miperm-
tendent 17,000 00
For erection of warehouse for the storage of In-
dian goods, and public propejiy  8,000 00
Prowled, That the entire cott of the buildings tor the use
of the superintendent and ot the warehouse aforesaid, shall
not exceed the sums hereby appiopiiated, including the
expense of procuring sites.
For United States tlaus, for distribution among the
tri bes  $'500 00
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken on all the items together, except on those in
relation to the erection of buildings. I am opposed
to the items in relation to the erection of buildings,
and I am in favor of the others.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued. The question will first be taken on the
items previous to the one " for the erection of
buildings for the use of superintendent."
The question being taken, those items were
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
inserting, "for erection of buildings for the use
of superintendent, $17,000."
Mr. GWIN. I think I can give good reasons
why this item ought to pass. If it does not, we
shall have to pay that amount in rent nearly every
two or three years. This is to cover the entire
expense of putting up the buildings. We know
that rents in that country are enoimous. In ad-
dition to this, the superintendent ought to be en-
tirely removed from the cities. He ought to have
his residence where the Indians will not be tempted"
by the dissipation of the cities. He must have
around him Indians all the time; because he must
become familiar with them, and they must become
familiar with him. It is absolutely necessary that
the supermtendency should be located at some
point where he can have them out of the reach of
vicious white men.
As 1 said before, if we do not pass this item,
we will have to pay a large rent. The Govern-
ment is now paying, for the custom-house, ap-
praisers' stores?, United States courts, and the post
office at San Francisco, about $120,000 a year for
rents. In this item the whole expense of buildings
is limited to the $17,000 appropriated.
It seems, also, to be absolutely necessary that
there should be a store-house erected. If the In-
dians there are to be treated as they are elsewhere,
we must have a place to put the articles that are
to be given to them. I think it would be economy
to put up these buildings at once. The Depart-
ment has estimated for them, after full examina-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. In relation to the erection of
these buildings, my impression is, that we had
better postpone it until we know where the build-
! mgs are to be located—until we can have some
i accurate information on the subject. They may
; be located at a place where the natural resources
I of the country would enable us to build them much
I cheaper than is here proposed. I believe there
was an estimate for a store-house for the Indian
agent in Oregon, which was stricken out in the
House of Representatives for some such reason
as that, I presume. The amount, however, is not
very largp.
Mr. GWIN. The site has already been indi-
cated by the superintendent. He has been in-
structed to select the site. I think the best thing
to be done would be to erect the buildings at once,
and thus get clear of the payment of rent. This
proviso fixes a limitation beyond which it cannot
go; and with that limitation the buildings can be
put up at once.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the honorable Sena-
tor from California where the location of the su-
perintendency is proposed to be?
Mr. GWIN. The superintendent has been in-
structed to make the location; and he will report
in favor of a site near the confluence of the Sac-
ramento and San Joaquin rivers with the Suisun
bay, near the head of the bay of San Francisco—
a point where he can have immediate communica-
tion with the whole of the interior, by the rivers
and the country up and down the coast by San
Fiaucisco bay. It is the best location which can
be pointed out. It removes the Indians entirely
from all the towns, while it is within two and a
half hours run by steamboat of San Francisco.
