1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
went of the United States, but the funds of the
Indians—-that were placed in his hands—under
his control—for their use, and for their benefit, as
had been the case with the former agent for that
tribe of Indians. This agent's name was Stryker.
He embezzled this money—defrauded and cheated
the Indians out of it, and never paid them a dol-
lar. An act of Congress was passed, authorizing
the President io appoint a commissioner, who
should go and examine into the matter, and ascer-
tain'whether the agent Strykerhad embezzled the
money of the Indians, and withheld it from them;
and it so, what was the amount. The name of
the agent thus appointed was Stoddard. He
went, instituted an investigation into the matter,
and made a report; and he found that the sum of
f28,000 proposed here to be appropriated, was
ue to the Indians—that they had been swindled
out of it by Stryker-. Year after year frequently,
since I have been a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, this matter has been brought be-
fore us, and I believe there was never any dissent
to the appropriation in the committee. The House
of Representatives have now made this appropria-
tion a part of the deliciency bill, and sent it to the
Senate, and the Committee on Finance propose to
strike it out, which I hope will not be done. I
have thus stated briefly the sum and substance of
this matter.
Mr. PEARCE. I recollect that two years ago,
when the Indian appropriation bill was up for the
consideration of the. Senate, an amendment, ap-
propriating this sum of money, was offered by a
then Senator from Delaware, the Committee on
Finance having refused to insert it. They then
examined into it. I was then familiar with all the
papers and facts. I will not profess to be so now.
But I have a general recollection of the ground
upon which the Senate, very deliberately and with
a full argument of the case, rejected it. This man
Stryker, it is true, was the Indian agent. lie re-
ceived and embezzled the funds of the Indians;
but it was not as Indian agent that he did it. Be-
sides being the Indian agent, he was the agent of
the Seneca tribe of Indians; and this sum of money
consisted but in small part of the moneys which
he received from the Government, and in a very
considerable degree of annuities due the Indians
from the State of New York, and from other
sources. I do not recollect the amounts, but my
general recollection is, that a very large amount of
the funds which he thus embezzled never came
from the Government of the United States in any
shape whatever.
Now, if the Government of the United States
is liable for anything, it is liable only for so much
of the embezzled funds as were derived from it
and paid into the hands of Stryker, as Indian
agent. He was constituted by the Indians their
agent, and held their moneys; if it had not been
for that, he would have been obliged to pay ovei,
and no doubt would have done .so. But thev
trusted in him. Besides the trust reposed in him
by the Government of the United States, there
was a special, private trust reposed in him by the
Indians themselves. He was their constituted
agent for all these purposes; and in the capacity
of their agent he committed the embezzlement, i
dare say the Senator from Kentucky must remem-
ber that when this subject was formerly under dis-
cussion the question was asked, if anybody could
say that the bond of this agent would be respon-
sible for any of the peculations. I do not recol-
lect that any member of the Senate had the least
idea that it would; and we thought that if his bond
would not be liable to the United States, surely
the United States were not liable to the Indians.
I was. willing to admit that, if the agent of the
United States had not paid over the moneys which
the United States had placed in his hands, there
being no other circumstance to enter into the con-
sideration of the case, then the United States ought
to make them good. But when the Indians had
made him their agent to hold their money, and he
was to account to them, he was accountable to
them, and the United States Government could
not be oiled upon, and ought not to pav the
money. And most undoubtedly, if the United
States are responsible at all, they are responsible
only for the portion of the funds which went into
Strvker's hands as Indian agent of the United
States; but 'his provision of the bill does not so
discriminate, and, therefore, 1 think it ought not
to pass.
Mr. MILLER. I was in favor in the commit-
tee, of retaining this part of the bill. There is no
doubt of the fact, that this Indian agent received
the money for the Indians; that he has never paid
it over to them; that he defaulted, and that they
have lost the money. It also appears by the re-
port which was made by the commissioner ap-
pointed, under the authority of law, to the War
Department, that the money was received by this
Indian agent in his official capacity; that it was
paid to him as Indian agent, and, as such, to be
paid over to the Indians. It may be that he was
constituted by them as their agent. But we ac-
knowledged him also as our agent m the transac-
tion of the business upon which he was sent; and
it is stated in one of the reports of the Secretary
of War that it has been the policy of this Govern-
ment, in treating with the Indians, to make all the
funds, not only which they are to receive from the
United States, but which they have been receiving
from the different States, under contracts with
them, pass through the hands of our agents, so
that no other person should have, at anytime,
dealings with the Indians. It can be shown, if
any gentlemau has the report, that the money was
paid into the hands of the agent, not at the mere
request of the Indians, but that it was under the
authority and direction of the Secretary of War;
and that although the Indians consented to it, yet
it was because that direction was given to the
money by the Government at Washington. It
may be true that Stryker was not technically the
agent of the United States in this matter, that he
may have been constituted, by the consent of the
Indians, to receive the money, yet they trusted
in him because this Governmenttrusted him—they
trusted him with the money because he was our
agent; and if our agent committed default, and
pocketed the money, surely the Government is
legally and morally bound to the Indians for that
money. That is the case here; and not only that,
but the Secretary of War, in his estimates, has
recommended the appropriation. Before the re-
port of the commissioner was made, there was a
doubt about the matter; but on that report being
made, the Secretary of War estimates this as a
part of the expenses of the Government, and rec-
ommends it to be passed. Under these circum-
stances, it appears to me that although the agent
may not have been technically the agent of the
Government in this matter, yet he was recognized
as such, the Indians understood him as such, and
therefore we are bound to pay the money.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 think when the Senate come
to examine this subject they will find that this is
the very last appropriation m the bill which ought
to be struck out. It is well known, that from the
foundation of this Government the United States
have assumed the office of guardian and piotector
of the Indian tribes. As such they, a few years
ago, extended their guardianship and care over the
Seneca Indians of New York, who were the re-
mains of the ancient and renowned Six Nations,
who had, until that period, been under the guar-
dianship of the State of New York, living inde-
pendent of the control and supervision of the Uni-
ted States. The Government appointed the agent
Stryker, to exercise the office of superintendent,
which office is that of actual guardian for the inter-
ests and affairs of the Indians, nothing more and
nothing less. They deputed to this person the
office of taking care of the affairs and interests of
this relic of the Six Nations. Having invested
him with their confidence, and with the possession
of the funds which were to be paid by the United
States to the Indians, he was in possession of the
highest confidence of the Government. The In-
dians finding such confidence reposed in him by
the United States, necessarily, as the wards of the
United States, also reposed in him their confidence,
and intrusted him with their money—money which
somebody must keep for them; and who so worthy
as he? The funds which thus came into hid pos-
session by virtue of the confidence which they
yielded to him, he abstracted, and after the most
strenuous effort?: on their part they were unable to
obtain any compensation or indemnity. They
came to the Government of the United "States and
asked relief. The Government instituted an in-
quiry into the facts, through the agency of Mr.
Stoddard, thus implying that if it should be found
that the funds which the Indians had intrusted to
Stryker, by virtue of his chaiacler as the agent of
the Government, had been embezzled by the pub-
lic agent, the Government would indemnify them.
The report was complete and satisfactory, and the
Secretary of War—to whose province the super-
intendency of Indian affairs then belonged—rec-
ommended the appropriation. It seems to me,
therefore, that this is a case in which, whether
you consider the nature of the subject, or the rela-
tions of the parties, the Government of the United
States will not plead specially so as to exempt
themselves from the legal obligation to pay these
moneys, but that they will, in the-spirit of the
relation which they hold towards the Indians, and
m the discharge of their responsibility as guar-
dians, indemnify the Indians for the money they
have lost by the act of an agent who had obtained
their confidence, at the instance of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. COOPER. It seems to me that there can
be no difficulty whatever in this question. If the
facts be as stated by the Senator from New Jer-
sey, viz: that the agent Stryker received the money
as agent of the United States, then the United
States are bound to pay the Indians. If it be re-
garded simply as a legal proposition, under that
state of the facts the United States are liable to
the tribe. It does not matter at all that Stryker
was the agent of the Indians as well as of the
United States. In a court of justice, if it were a
question between individuals, if the facts are as
stated—and if my memory serves me right the
Senator from New Jersey is correct m the state-
ment he has made of them—the Government would
be liable. It placed the money in the hands of the
agent, to be paid over to the Indians; the agent
embezzled the funds; he embezzled them, not as
the agent of the Indians, but as the agent of the
United States. It v as the duty of the Govern-
ment to see that the funds took the proper direc-
tion. and reached the proper hands, and it was its
default that they did not. Now, I repeat again,
in a contest between individuals, the facts being as
stated, the law would be with the Indians, inde-
pendent of that humane, generous policy which
this Government has always thought it its duty
to pursue towards the helpless and ignorant Indian
tiibes. I can see no reason why this money should
not be paid over. If the agent received it as the
agent of the Indians, and receipted to the Govern-
ment for it as such, then, of course, in a legal
point of view, the Indians, whose agent Stryker
was, would be the losers; but if, on the contrary,
he received it as the agent of the Government of
the United States, it remained in his hands as its
agent, and the loss must be the Government's, and
not the Indians.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I dislike to prolong this
discussion, and should not do it but for the reason
that there are some facts that were submitted to
the consideration of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, which had this subject under discussion,
which seem to have escaped the attention of the
different Senators who have spoken upon it. The
objections which this claim has heretofore encoun-
tered, proceeded on the ground that the agent of
the United States received this money, not in his
character as a United States agent, but as the agent
of the Seneca tribe of Indians, selected by them
as such, and upon other considerations. If that
proposition were true—which it does not appear
to be in point of fact—this claim would, of course,
be entirely different in its character, and it would
be the mere ordinary consequence of misplaced
confidence on the part of the Indians, a mischief
which we would be under no obligation to redress
for them. Such, however, was not the fact. The
! Seneca Indians, receiving some of these moneys
| from the United States, and some by way of an-
i nuities from the State of New York, and from a
i private land company, had, from a remote period,
no other agent for their administration than those
' successively appointed and indorsed by the United
| States, refused, in terms, to intrust them to the
J United States until he was so ordered, authorized,
I and his obligation to do so, to receive them, recog-
nized bv the United States. I call the attention of
the Senate to two letters, which were written from
the War Department to Mr. Stryker, recognizing
his obligation to receive the money from the pre-
vious agent of the United States, and to make a
certain disposition of it on the pait of the Seneca
Indians:
Dkpartmknt of War, 3fauk 11, 1819.
Sir: I am infoimerl by Mr. Paii-Mi, sub-as* ut to the Six
Nations, that tbeic are m your possession bond^ ui>d mort-
