220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
infinitely move with him by rewarding him for his
faithfulness than by flogging him for his delin-
quencies. Whatever the peculiarities of the sailor
ntay be, he is still a man, with all the impulses,
wishes, and hopes of a man. And if there is one
trait more peculiar to him than another, it is the
sentiment of gratitude. He never forgets a kind-
ness, and would take his heart out of his bosom
to save a friend. Let him only see that he is hon-
ored and respected by his country, and her honor
and interest will always be safe in his hands.
I believe that many of the officers of the Navy
have fallen into the error of supposing that sailors
are more influenced by their fears than by their
affections. They do not rightly appreciate his
character. If they would take more pains to think
for him—to keep him out of temptation—to attend
to his wants—to see that he was fairly and justly
dealt by—and properly to consider the fair allow-
ance which ought to be made for him, they would
find it much less difficult to enforce discipline, to
gain his confidence, and find him much more
tractable. It is not by the severity of discipline
as much as it is by a firm, just, and generous'
government, that he is to be controlled. It is so
among men everywhere. It is rather by humane
and judicious Jaws, than by the severity of penal
enactments, that good government is established
and maintained. Again: in the training and gov-
erning those men who are to fight your battles,
and face every danger with courage, their fear
should seldom be appealed to. You ought not to
cultivate the emotions which make men cowards,
and teach them habitually to shrink from the fear
of personal suffering. You ought rather to teach
them to despise an honorable suffering. True
heroism is an intellectual quality. It is moral in-
trepidity that makes the man of true and reliable
courage. And this can only coexist with a proper
sense of personal honor and self-respect. Degrade
a man by an infamous punishment, which de-
stroys his personal honor and self-respect, and
you do all that human ingenuity can to make him
cowardly.
But it is said that the Navy cannot be governed
without the lash. As a general proposition, I
express my utter dissent to it. I admit that
among sailors, as among other classes, there will
always be found some who are vicious and trou-
blesome. That is the casd" in the Army as well
as in the Navy; and they have abolished the lash
in the Army. It is as easy to get other and less
offensive punishments for the Navy as for the
Army; and if those punishments will not answer,
the refractory person had better be driven in dis-
grace from the Navy. He is not fit to be trusted
in the hour of peril—he is unworthy to "have the
honor of the flag confided to him. Sufficient in-
ducements should be offered to the better classes
to enter the Navy; and a part of those inducements
should always be good treatment. A free use of
the lash—nay, its probable use, its permission by
law—lias always been an objection urged by the
better classes to entering the Navy. They prefer
the merchant service, where they can at least select
their own commander, while m the Navy they
know not into whose hands they may fall. Thus
you see that the very necessity which is pleaded
creates, in a great degree, the circumstances out
of which it is supposed to spring. You flog be-
cause there are bad men in the Navy, and the
fact that you do flog excludes the better class of
sailors from entering the service; so that the mis-
chief is self-perpetuating. But again, it is said that
a large majority of the officers of the Navy are of
opinion that the lash is necessary and indispens-
able. Well, there are differences of opinion about
it. We all know, however, that old notions and
opinions are hard to be rooted out, and that men
are very apt to love arbitrary power when they are
to exercise it, and not be subject to it. All" his-
tory shows this, and the experience of all reform-
ers confirm it. Lord Denman, late Chief Justice
of England, in a letter on the subject of legal
reform, complains that everywhere he met the
objection that the judges were opposed to it. And
Lord Brougham, In a speech delivered in. Parlia-
ment on the same subject, expresses a similar
sentiment; yet it was not long before the judges
and the bar and the people concurred in opinion
as to the beneficial effects of the same reforms. It
would seem, sir, that it is a part of man's nature
to yield with great reluctance the smallest atom of
power with which he may be invested. He is
unwilling to admit that he can abuse it. Its safest
depository he considers is his own hands. For
these and similaf reasons, I think that the opinion
of the officers of the Navy on this subject ihould
be taken with many grains of allowance. I find
no fault with the independent expression of their
opinions. It is the opinion itself which I propose
to combat. Their argument is as brief as it seems
to some minds formidable. They declare the lash
to be necessary and indispensable. If they are
right in this opinion, there is an end to the mat-
ter. Necessity has no law. But I beg leave to
inquire into this alleged necessity.
And first, I ask for what offences has this lash
been so freely used ? Has it been inflicted for
serious or atrocious crimes, which involve the
honor of our flag or the safety of our national ves-
sels? Or rather, let me asic, has it not been in-
flicted for offences which, if they had been entirely
overlooked, would not have injured the proper
! discipline of the Navy? Has the lash ever been
1 used in the hour of battle, or m that of prepara-
tion for battle? Is it reasonable to suppose that a
coward or traitor would face a cannon-ball to
avoid the lash? It would seem, then, without
multiplying words, that so far from the lash being
! necessary for the maintenance of discipline in the
! most important duty of a ship-of-war, it never has
l and never will be used. How is it, then, in re-
gard to the next most important matter concerning
the discipline of a man-of-war? Has it ever been
used for the suppression of mutiny ? No, sir; the
law has provided for that offence, as well as for
cowardice, the punishment of death. Having thus
briefly stated what the lash has not been used for,
let me inquire, what are the offences for which it
is deemed so absolutely necessary? "We may
derive some information in this particular from the
published reports of the offences and punishments
which have actually occurred on board our ships-
of-war. By reference to the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy on this subject, you will perceive
that one of the offences for which it has been used
is that of suspicion of theft. One would hardly
say it was either necessary or proper in that case.
The offence for which, however, there seems to
have been more lashes inflicted than for all other
offences, is that of drunkenness. Now, sir, the
Government furnishes the liquor for the sailor,
and if he gets drunk upon his allowance, the Gov-
ernment itself is responsible, and the sailor ought
not to be flogged. If he procures it on board of a
ship by theft or bargain, it is evidence of a laxity
of discipline, for which others are responsible, and
for which the sailor ought not to be flogged. The
lash, therefore, is not necessary to prevent drunk-
enness, not only for the reasons just stated, but
because it must be universally admitted that it
never has and never can prevent the offence of
drunkenness, if he who is habituated to it is per-
mitted to have liquor.
The offence of disobedience of orders will be
found frequently in this report. But we are not
informed of the precise nature of the offence.
Whether it is actual or constructive disobedience
of orders; whether it is a serious or trifling matter;
whether it is for accidentally spitting on the deck,
or neglecting to clean the bright works of a ship,
or not mending his clothes, or leaving his bag on
deck; or whether it was a positive refusal to do
his duty. We are, therefore, left to infer its seri-
ousness by the punishment inflicted for it. I will
hazard the opinion, judging by that standard, that
stopping the offender's allowance of tobacco, or
! rum, tea, sugar, and coffee, would have been, in
I every case, a much more reasonable and a more
| efficient punishment. And now, sir, what has be-
i come of this plea of necessity?—I will not call it m
l this connection the tyrant's plea; the officers of the
! Navy do not deserve such a reproach from any
! one, and especially from myself, because I did when
in the service execute, and permit to be executed,
the law of the lash as T hope I did all other laws
| of the service, which I had sworn to obey and to
enforce. And this should be a sufficient answer
to those who expect to escape from the grasp of
argument and facts by indulging in individual re-
crimination, and will be sufficient to remind them
that there is some difference in the position ofthose
who are called upon to make the laws and those
whose duty it is to execute thum.
The officers of the Navy, in my judgment, are
entitled to high commendation. They are, as a
class, brave, noble, generous, and patriotic men;
and in allthe elem en ts of character which cons ti tu te
valuable public servants, they have no superiors.
But however much respect I may Entertain for
them as a class, it is my duty, which I shall en-
deavor to perform, to deal without reserve or
false delicacy with their arguments', and theerrors
which disgrace and paralyze the service to which
they belong. It does appear to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the argument, fi^om necessity, has re-
solved itself simply into this: that the lash is an
easy and short way to settle ft trifling difficulty
with a sailor. And so were the thumb-screw and
the rack an easy and short way to get a confes-
sion, and the inquisition settled matters of faith
easily and readily. But, sir, there has been a
great change in the opinions of mankind on this
subject, and I hope the change will go on until the
last relic of barbarism shall be banished from the
world.
But I care very little for the details of this argu-
ment, and will not detain the Senate any longer in
relation to them. There is one broad proposition
upon which I stand. It is this: That an Ameri-
can sailor is an American citizen, and that no
American citizen shall, with my consent, be sub-
jected to this infamous punishment. Placing my-
self upon this proposition, I am prepared for any
consequences. I lov< the Navy. When I speak
of the Navy, I mean the sailor as well *s the offi-
cer. They are all my fellow-citizens, and yours;
and come what may, my voice will ever be raised
against a punishment which degrades my country-
men to the level of a brute, and destroys all that
is worth living for—personal honor and self-re-
spect.
Mr. President, reference has been made by these
memorialists to the example of the British Gov-
ernment. With what propriety such an appeal is
made by the citizen of a free republican Govern-
ment to the institutions of monarchy, let others
determine. But, sir, I am not aware that the Brit-
ish Parliament has ever by statute expressly au-
thorized the use of the lash. There is no doubt
that it is used in the Navy of Great Britain, and
has been so used since the restoration of the mon-
archy under the Stuarts; but there is no evidence
that the practice of flogging prevailed in the re-
publican fleets of the English Commonwealth; and
it is doubted by the best authorities that it ever
was tolerated prior to the act of 13th Charles
II. ' We have copied it from their practice, and
not from their statute-book. But our Congress
did what no British Parliament ever did: they
sanctioned it in express terms by the laws of the
United States. And here, Mr. President, you
must permit me to call the attention of the Senate
to a most singular fact, which is this: Our law of
April, 1800, was principally copied from the stat-
ute of Charles II., and is openly and avowedly
more severe and arbitrary than the British act,
even under the Stuarts, and has remained so until
last year, although flogging, as apunishment, was
tolerated during the whole of that time, and up to
the present moment; on land in England.
The act of Charles II. alluded to, was passed
when the Duke of York, afterwards James II.,
was Lord High Admiral of England, and may be
supposed to have been done at his instance. The
English historian, the Earl of Clarendon, tells us,
that when that prince entered on his duties, he
found the Navy too republican for his taste or pur-
poses, and set about reorganizing it by getting rid
of the republican officers. In pursuance of this
policy, he procured the passage of the act of
13th Charles II. Although that act does not,
in express terms, authorize the use of the lash,
yet by virtue of a clause contained in it, the
Lord High Admiral, or the commissioners for ex-
ecuting his duties, issued instructions authorizing
the use of the lash in the British Navy; and cer-
tainly it may be cited to justify any tyranny. I
would not have noticed the reference of the memo-
rolists to the practice in the British Navy, but that
I desire, on this subject, not to leave a peg to hang
a donbt upon. But, sir, the example of the Brit-
ish Government, such as it is, is no justification
for the United States. The infliction of corporal
punishment for certain offences has always, as far
as I know, been sanctioned by British laws. The
sailor m the British Navy receives the same pun-
ishment that is inflicted upon land in England;
whereas, in the United States it has been almost
universally abolished, and certainly has never
been sanctioned by the laws of the United States,
