1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April SO,
eminent had furnished Stryker with a letter of intro-
duction to that people saying, Wcsend this man as
our agent, for the purpose of transacting any mat-
ters thai may occur between us, arid we recommend
him to you as a man in whom you may safely
place confidence—under these circumstances, I
apprehend, the failure of Stryker to discharge any
trust reposed in him by the Indians would have
involved the Government of the United States;
and I ask what stronger letter of recommendation
could have been given him than by constituting
him their as;ent in these matters? I apprehend
there is a distinct liability on that ground; but
when I look at the letter submitted by the Senator
from Arkansas, all doubts seem to vanish. The
Government had been aware that there were funds
belonging to these Indians held by the predeces-
sors of Stryker; they required his predecessor to
transfer these funds to him, and thereby consti-
tuted themselves the trustee of those Indians, and
were responsible for the misconduct of the agent
in their character as trustees.
I observe that reference is made to a section of
that letter, by which the agent is directed to obtain
the assent of the Indians, and to transmit the
written evidence of that assent to the Department.
That provision can hnvp no effect as to the liability
of the Government. It was directory on the part
of the Government to their officer, who was con-
stituted their agent for the purpose of executing
this trust. In whatever possible view the subject
is considered, it seems to me that the claim is
just.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agteed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment is
to strike out the words—
For compensation to tinoe special agents, and four in -
terpicfcii 101 tlit; hid an tub."* of Texa-. and toi the pur-
chase or' present-*, and ro negotiate with --aid Indian-- under
in-run turn-* fiom flic (,\)imm> nmi-i of Indian Alttuih loi
tlvir rciii'n'al Iiom that Slate to -onie designated unoccu-
pied tenitory oi the United rit.itc-',->-•>,OUO.
Mr. RUSK. Before the question is taken on
striking out, I wish to amend that portion, and I
hope i may be able to suggest such emendations
as will render that part of "the bill acceptable. I
propose to amend by striking the words "com-
pensation to three special agents, and four inter-
preters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for;"
and further to amend by striking out the word
" said," and insert the article u the," and also to
insert after the words " Indians" the words " in
Texas," so that when thus amended it will \ end as
follows:
For Urn purchase of presents and to negotiate with the
Indian-- lnTrvi- uudet in-fructions hom the Comtm-Monei
of Indian Ati.nn Jot thru reni"v.t! irom thru State ro >ome
designated unoccupied terutorv oi tlic United States,
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator from Texas
explain why these amendments are necessary or
proper?
Mr. RUSK. I will, sir. As that portion of
the bill now reads, it stands thus :
Kor compensation to tin ue special agents and four in-
terpreter tor the Indian tribe- of 'JYsiv*. and lor the pur-
chase of pi events and to negotiate without Indian under
msti actions from the (;o'iiini-,-iorier of Indian AH'air- for
their icmoval trom tli.it JState to some designated unoccu-
pied tcnitoiy of the United State--, ■v-O^UOU."
The special agents have been provided for in the
annual appropriation bills, which amount is not
expended. There was a bill passed by the la^t
Congress, making petmanent Indian agents, and
in the next fiscal year we made an appropriation
for their salaries: so that, so far as that matter is
concerned, tlieie is no necessity for this appropri-
ation. With regard to the other, however, I con-
sider that there is an important necessity. Sir, I
suppose the explanation of the other amendment
will more properly be made after the question has
been taken on the first one.
Mr. HUNTER I understand it is proposed to
strike out the piousion which relates to the three
special agents and the four interpreters.
Mr RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. Is that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Texas r
Mi. RUSK. It is, sir.
The question was then taken on striking out the
words " compensation to three special agents and
four interpreters for the Indian tubes of Texas,
and for:" and the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next proposition of
the Senator from Texas is to amend line 259, by
striking out the word " said " and inserting the
word " the;" and after the word " Indians," the
words " in Texas."
Mr. RUSK. As I apprehend that the Finance
Committee would not have proposed striking out
this part of the bill if they had had the necessary
information, I wjsh to give that explanation to
the Senate.
There are a great many Indians, Mr. President,
in the State of Texas who do not belong to that
State. The Sennnoles, and Creeks, and Chero-
kees, and portions of various other tribes of Indi-
ans, whose lands have been purchased and who
have been moved west to lands given to them by
the Government of the United States, have left
these lands, and become intruders m Texas for a
number of years past. The mteicourse laws in
relation to Indian tribes, which would apply to
them in the territory to which they belong, do
not apply to them in Texas; and for yeats past
we have been obliged to submit to their depreda-
tions, withoutany sortofappeal to the intercourse
laws m regaid to Indian tribes. Now, it is clear
and palpable injustice, that the United States
should take these Indians, and either force them,
or permit them, to settle down in our territory.
They do us an immense mischief; and it is for the
purpose of getting rid of them that we ask for this
very small appropriation, and to negotiate with
them to uduce them to go back to their own
tribes, and to the lands assigned to them by the
Government of the United States, and to cease
their intrusions upon us. All we ask for this is
§25,000.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator from Texas
allow me to ask him, if he strikes out these words,
how the fund is to be administered ?
Mr. RUSK. We have Indian agents there al-
ready, and, therefoie, do not need others. They
were provided for under the annual approptia-
tions.
Air. .CELL. I would like to know if these
gentlemen who are to have the management of
this fund aie the agents who have been there for
two or three years ?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir. Two of them have been
appomtc-d recently—one of them, a gentleman
named Howard, has been appointed within the
last few days. Another is a gentleman from Ma-
ryland, with whom I have not the pleasure of an
acquaintance. These three Indian agents are there
under the last annual appropriation, and they are
capable men.
Mr. BELL. I understand that these funds are
to go into their hands; but 1 do not understand
the object of the amendment which was agreed to
a moment ago.
Air. RUSK. I will read that portion of the bill
| as I propose to amend it. It runs in these words:
i For the putcha-e of pic-ents, and to negotiate with the
I Indian- m Tr\,i-Mtndei instructions liom the Commissioner
: ot Judian Allan-, tor the. removal fiom th.it St rite to s-ome
■ de.-uu.ited unoccupied tenitory of the United States,
; SU".,0J0.
[ Mr. BELL. I would like to inquire if these
I refugee Indians, of the Cieeks, Cherokee?, Semi-
! noles, or whoever they may be, have established
| places of residence, if they have villages in Texas ?
| I have understood that a large portion of them,
j especially those who are so misehievous, are In-
; d;ans who are beyond the control either of Texas
j or of any of their own tribes; that they are really
: outlaws who live a free and roving life, having
I lied from the Cherokees, Chickasaws, and Creeks,
j It tins is so, we cannot control them any more
1 than we can control the wild Camanches, who
have always plundered the borders of Texas. I
should be glad to have the honorable Senator from
j Texas, as I know he has well settled opinions on
j that subject, explain to us whether he supposes
there will be any good resulting from further ex-
■ pcnditure, with a view to that object. 1 think we
'• have appropn'ated to this object heretofore large
! sums of money, for the purpose of enabling agents
to ti eat with them. I think they have been threat-
ened in those cases where they have been settled
in villages with being driven oil.
I make these inquiries in order to learn the views
of the honoiableSciiator from Texas, who, I know,
has examined this subject with his usual good
sense and candor. I know that, by the amend-
ment he has proposed, it is implied that he thinks
there is some chance of effecting a valuable object.
For my own part, in view of our past history in
connection with this subject, and the efforts made
to restrain the Indians both by Texas and the
United States Government, it appears to me that
we cannot expect any good result from holding
conferences with them. They will receive this
$25,000, or what remains alter the agents are paid;
they will profess every sort offi lendship with their
fathers, and a disposition to forbear hostilities
upon the frontier; but they will only keep their
pledges until they feel the impulses moving them
on to make depredations, or until they become
necessitous. I take it theie must be some other
policy than this to restrain these outlaws of the
great tribes settled on our western frontier,as well
as the Camanches; some policy to restrain, if pos-
sible, their inroads upon the frontiers besides that
of an annual distribution of presents. For al-
though they may not come in regular bands to
murder and rob upon the frontiers, there are those
among the bands who perpetrate these outiages,
and who disclaim any interest with the bands. I
wish the honorable Senator from Texas to state
what are his views, whether we have any grounds
to suppose that it is worth while to hold confer-
ences and make treaties with them, and bestow
presents upon these wandering bands of outlaw
Indians, who cannot be restrained by the tribes
themselves ? If the Senator can give any reason
for hoping that they may be lenioved from Texas,
I shall be glad.
1 would be glad if he would designate some ter-
ritory of the United States upon which they may
he located, where they will not be the robbing and
murdering bands which they now are. Where
will he place them? Will he place them on the
western border of Missouri, or cany them to the
borders of New Mexico, and let them unite with
the other tribes there, the Navajoes or the Caman-
ches, or will he carry them further North? No-
where is there any place where he can send them,
where they will not cause the same annoyance to
those persons settled on the frontiers of the United
States. If lie can suggest any place or point where,
under the instructions of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, there is any probability of effecting
his object, I will cheerfully go with him.
Mr. RUSK. I begirt my explanation to the
Senator—and I am sorry that I have no more time
to make it—by stating that not one dollar has ever
been appropriated by this Government, for the
purpose of bringing back its roving Indians fiom
their encroachment on our territories. And I can
accompany that statement by another: that thou-
sands of dollars have been appropriated by the
Government of the United States, to put arms into
the hands of those very Indians, to murder the
women and children on the frontier of Texas, at
the hour of midnight. For eighteen or twenty
yeais those Indians have been encroaching on us.
I desire the attention of the Senator. There are
some questions that he asked me, which I cannot
answer. He asked where we are to remove these
Indians? That is a question I cannot answer,
except by saying that the United States had no
right to thrust them on Texas. That is aquestion
for the Government of the United States to con-
sider.
1 am necessarily compelled to be more concise
on this subject than I could wish; for it is one that
has been a source of annoyance to me for many
years. In 1833 a tieaty w as entered into between
the United States and Mexico, lequirinic the
United States, on their pledged faith, to restrain
these Indians, and prevent their encroachments
on the territories of Mexico. But they went over
in laige bands—several thousands of the Chero-
kees, several thousands of the Kickapoos, and
almost the entire Caddoe nation, besides several
other tribes—and commenced their depredations.
The matter was brought to the attention of the
Government of the United States, but nothing
was said or done to remedy the evil. In 1835, in
the face of that treaty—having the same provis-
ions as the treaty which now exists between the
United States and Mexico—the Government of
the United States made a treaty with the Caddoe
Indians, one article of which was, that they were
to leave the territories of the United States, and
never to return to them ogam. There was no
other territory to which they could go but that of
Texas. And this was in the very teeth of the
treaty, with its obligations binding on them, to
protect Texas ! It did more: another article bound
the United States to pay $10,000 per annum to this
