1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*28
same argument for abolishing all punishments.
He would take up the criminal calendars which
show how many men were punished for stealing,
how many were punished for murder, and say:
" These punishments are of no avail—they have
done no good, and therefore no punishment should
be inflicted." No man supposes for one moment,
that any institutions of society would ever prevent
the occurrence of crime. But before we come to
the conclusion of the Senator, we must ascertain
what would have been the condition of things jn
the Navy, and the condition of things in society
in the case I have taken, if all legal restraint were
removed. Now the spirit of evil would rise re-
freshed, like a giant refreshed with wine. It
would go forth for destruction and ruin upon all
the best interests of society and social order. The
Senator's argument proves this—if it proves any-
thing—that the system of punishment, severe as
it was, was not more than adequate to preserve a
tolerably sound and healthy condition in the naval
branch of the service, and, in my opinion, it
proves nothing more.
Sir, I shall be extremely glad to see a state of
things in which our officers would conduct our
ships over the wide surface of the ocean, and that
the service should he carried on always, and in all
circumstances, by free andwiiling minds; and that
under the stars and stripes there should never be
a necessity for resorting to any punishment. We
would all rejoice at it. I should be extremely glad
to believe that the particular punishment alluded
to can be dispensed with; but it does not help for-
ward the consideiation whether it ought to be dis-
pensed with or not, to say that it is treating the
sailor like a slave. That, I admit, conveys to the
mind something shocking and terrible. Why, the
honorable Senator would not at all object to con-
fining the sailor who had been guilty of misbe-
havior in irons or in double irons. I think it
would be extremely difficult to show how a man
could exhibit more the appearance of slavery than
with his hands and legs manacled with double
irons, and he himself locked up in prison onboard
ship. It would not be thought right, if I objected
to that punishment, to say, that putting a man in
irons was treating him like a slave. In one sense
of the word, whenever we seize an offender and j
restrain him in the exercise of his liberty, we are
treating him like a slave, but we are treating him
like a slave, because he has shown himself to
need such treatment. We take from him that lib-
erty which he has abused—he shows that he is
not worthy to exercise the freedom of heaven,
and we are objiged to take away some of his priv-
ileges.
Doubtless there have been men who have been
so happily constituted in the command of an armed
force as to be able to lead about their troops, as it
were, by a charm. There may have been men
under whose command punishment was unne-
cessary. The poet has told us of the gallant Gen-
eral Wolfe, that "his example had a magnet's
force, and all were swift to follow whom all
loved." Still, if the general who commands
the army be not that attracting magnet which
induces his men to follow him from love,
the interest, not of the officers but of the country,
requires that the men should be made to follow him
from fear. Why, the poets tell us that the herds
voluntarily followed Orpheus when he moved
through the fields; but the ordinary herdsmen of
that day were under the necessity of carrying
goads to drive before them their reluctant steers.
We cannot argue from these particular instan-
ces; we must adapt our law to the general condi-
tion and character of mankind; and I think it
would be as unwise to speculate upon the capacity ;
of officers of the Navy superseding stringent and '
effectual punishment by attracting the love of their
sailors towards them, as it would be if any unfor-
tunate herdsman in ancient times had said he
would take a flute or a fiddle, throw away his
thong, go out into the fields, and endeavor by
piping to induce his cows and kine to follow him
home to their pasture.
Upon the subject of this petition I will say this—
although I was myself entirely opposed to the ■
change in the law made by the last Congress— ^
made, as we all know, in a manner irregular and j
not according to what are or should be the usages }
of sound legislation, by thrusting in an amendment ;
upon a general appropriation bill—the civil and j
diplomatic bill—a proviso to abolish the punish- i
ment of flogging in the Navy; although, as you
well knew, Mr. President, a vast number of peti-
tions and applications upon this subject had been
received by the Senate, and had been referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and as 1 knew
that committee had been diligently engaged in
collecting information from every quarter whence
it could be obtained, and were exceedingly desir-
ous to present to the Senate some measure of im-
provement which, while it preserved the power of
the officer in circumstances where it was necessary
to use the lash, should, at the same time, prevent
its hasty and ill-tempered or excessive application;
and while we had the materials ready to make a
report on the subject after having paid such atten-
tion and vigilance to the subject as we had hoped
might make it worthy the consideration of the
Senate, this was put into the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill without any inquiry except a
moment's discussion in the Chamber and was
passed—although this measure was thus put, I,
for one, am not for touching it now.
I want our policy on the subject to become set-
tled. We have become dissatisfied with our past
experience. The glories of the Navy, the admira-
ble state in which it has always maintained itself
and performed its duties towards the country under
the ancient discipline, have not been sufficient to'
induce Congress to trust it as it was. They have
abolished flogging in the Navy. Now, I want no
frequent changes m the discipline of the Navy. 1
want the problem woiked out by actual experi-
ment whether this species of punishment is neces-
sary to the Navy or not. We can only ascertain
this by waiting and seeing what is the operation ,
of the present system. If it shall prove to be j
entirely inadequate—if the punishment shall be j
seen by the country to be absolutely necessary—if
it shall be restored with proper safeguards against
its abuse if those safeguards did not exist betore—
tjien it will be restored by a community satisfied
that the punishment is necessary, and then we may
hope to have some rest, and escape from further
agitation on the subjcct. That is my view; and,
.therefore, for my own part, I have no disposition j
to see the subject contained in that memorial fur- |
ther prosecuted at this session of the Senate, i
If the honorable Senator from New Jersey prefers j
it, I, for one, am perfectly willing that the petition ]
shall lie on the table without being called up again. ;
I want no hasty changes backwards and forwards
on this subject. I assure that Senator, and every
other Senator, that, if the naval service can be 1
eanied on with efficiency, and its cliaractcr main-
tained, without that punishment, I will be as re-
luctant to see it restored as any member of this
body. I was opposed to abolishing it because I
believed it necessary to retain it. If it shall be
found that it is not necessary, I shall be as strongly
opposed as the Senator from New Jersey to re-
storing it-. I am indifferent whether the petition
goes to the Committee on Naval Affairs, or re-
mains on the table without further actiun by the
Mr.'STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have
been accustomed heretofore to look to the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] for direction
and counsel in important matters. 1 have always
I had great pleasure in considering him not only
my friend, but worthy of the most entire confi-
dence and respect; but however much I may
regard him individually—however much I may
esteem his great 'learning and acquirements, I
must say to the Senate, even at the risk of being
thought quite presumptuous, that I do not think
that the Senater from North Carolina has treated
my remarks with his usual candor and fairness. He
has stated my arguments in his own way, and then
unceremoniously declares, that I have myself
refuted them. His speech seems to have been
characterized by a degree of sentimental levity
not altogether in good taste. It appears to me |
that under the circumstances, I had a right to j
expect something moi e kind and considerate from |
the honorable Senator. Certainly the attempt to j
turn my argument into ridicule was the last thing ;
I should have expected from him. I
Mr. BADGER. I beg pardon of the Senator. |
I intended no such thing. * i
Mr. STOCKTON. I thought the gentleman j
intended to do so. |
The gentleman at a# r«g| took advantage of
the opportunity to display to the Senate, at the
expense of my argument, the versatility of his
genius, and his classical erudition. As far as- it
w;as agreeable to him, I am glad that he had the
opportunity to do so. But, sir, there is nothing,
in my judgment, which the Senator said "worthy
of a reply from me, except one remark. In re-
ferring to my remark, that when the sailor was .
flogged he was scourged like a slave, the honorable
Senator intimated that I was -claiming more for .
the sailor than he was justly entitled to. Sir, all
that I ask for the American sailor is, that he shall
be treated like an American citizen. I have asked
for nothing more. Now, I would inquire of the
Senator if American citizens are generally scourged?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly they are.
Mr. STOCKTON. They may be in North
Carolina. I believe it is said that that State is a
little behind the age. >-r
Mr. BADGER. And in Virginia and Dela- y
ware. Most respectable company for North Caro- \
lina.
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall say nothing about
Delaware, and I hare no knowledge of flogging
being allowed in Virginia. But I say, that the
American citizen in the other States of the Union
is elevated high above the scourge. All I ask is,
that the American sailor should be treated like
any other American freeman, and not punished
like a slave. The slave is, perhaps, as univer-
sally punished by the lash, when he deserves it, as
the American freeman is exempt from such a pun-
ishment. Therefore it was that I said that an
American freeman as he was, the American sailor
ought not to be scourged like a slave. Now, I
would ask the honorable Senator whether he
would have the punishment of the lash inflicted
upon the freemen of the United States generally?
If the honorable Senator is prepared to say that
he is willing to have this punishment inflict'ed on
ail the citizens of the United States, there may be
some consistency in his position.
Mr. BADGES. Does the gentleman wish me
to answer that question?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly, if you see fit.
Mr. BADGER. Then I would say that I am
totally opposed to any law for whipping all of
the citizens of the United States, for we should be
brought into the difficulty of being citizens of the
United States. With regard to the subject of pun-
ishing offences, I am very well satisfied that the
system of punishment prescribed by the laws of
the United States, prevails over the citizens of the
United States; and I am very well satisfied that
the system proscribed by law, prevails over those
citizens of the United States who are sailors. I
would ask the Senator, if he intends that the sail-
ors shall have all the pi'ivileges of citizens of the
United States? Does he intend that bills shall le
found against them by grand-juries, and they le
brought to trial before judge and jury ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I should be very glad if sail-
ors could have the benefit of a tiial by jury. The
Senator says wisely, that he does not want all the
citizens of the United States scourged. He does
not wish to be scourged himself, nor does he wish
that the Executive Department of this Government,
nor the members of the two Houses of Congress,
should be scourged. Now, sir, let him tell us why
a Senator should not be flogged as well as a sailor.
Or why any other public servant, as well as the
sailor, should not be scourged. Especially let
him tell us* why the deft auders oftheGovernment—
those men who rob the public Treasury—should
not be scourged as well as the sailor.
The honorable Senator knew, when "he began
this argument, that he had no good cause, but,
lawyer-like, he has worked all round the circle,
and at last got back to the very same place from
which he started. He now says, th?t he is not
willing to restore the lash at present; therefore,
Mr. President, I move that it is inexpedient to
grant the prayer of the petitioners.
Mr. MALLORY. • Mr. President, as one of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, it is my mis-
fortune to differ with the honorable Senator from
New Jersey. The views which he has advanced
so eloquently, came upon me very unexpectedly.
I have been familiar with the Navy for some
twenty-odd years, and in interest in the Navy, I
can yield to no Senator on this floor. I have some
views, which I could wish to express on this
matter, but as it is now the usual hour of ad-
journment, if the Senate will indulge me, I would
express those views to-morrow morning. X there-
fore now move th^jf the Senate adjourn.
