1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
tribe of Caddoe Indians. They immediately com-
plied with the terms of the treaty, by removing
from the territories of the United States, and set*
thug down on those of Texas. And every day
when then- $10,000 become due, they came to the
agent of the United States—for Texas was not
then admitted into the Union—and they received
their $10,000 donation inarms and ammunition;
and scarcely traveled a hundred miles before they
commenced their depredations—not on men, but
on women and children—with the means you had
furnished them. Sir, I speak what I know, and
what I have seen.
Mr. BELL. What Indians were they?
Mr. 11U.SK. The Caddoes. These people are
there now. They have settled in "villages, and
their chiefs have inoie influence than those ol any
other tribe. You have thrown them on us; and
we now ask you to remove them, and give them
a portion of yourown territory. But nota single
dollar has been appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is no feeling on the
part of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, as
1 understand him, to oppose this appropriation. I
have a question in my mind in relation to this
matter, which I propose to ask of the honorable
Senator from Texas, and I hope he will treat it
dispassionately. I would like to know whether
the object of this is to remove, not the Indians
who have gone in upon Texas from the territory
of the United States, but the original Indians,
living along the Rio Grande—some of them m
little pueblds ? I wish to know whether it is meant
to apply to all the Indians now in Texas? for the
honoiable Senator knows very well that some of
these Indians were m Texas before the whites,
and are there still. If so, I would like to know it.
And I would ask the same question which the
honorable Senator from Tennessee propounded:
Where are we to send these Indians? If we re-
mote them out of Texas, and send them to New
Mexico, shall wenotbe compelled to remove them
out of New Mexico, and send them elsewhere?
Now, there aie along the Rio Grande tribes that
are half civilized, that have their little towns and
pueblos; and this provision will apply to them as
well as to those bands who have gone in there—
those refugees, as the Senator from Texas calls
them.
I wish to vote for this appropriation, and, there-
fore, I would like to have a satisfactory answer to
the question, where are they to be sent, and who
are to be sent? Who are to be removed, and
where are they to be removed ? And if they be-
come troublesome again, where are they then to
be removed ' Are we to continue to remove them
until we get them into the Pacific?
Mr. RUSK. This is not an amendment of my
own. It comes from the House of Representa-
tives, suggested, evidently, by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. What puipose he has in view,
it is impossible for me to tell. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have no objection to limiting it to the
taking back of those Indians that properly belong
to the United States.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is right. Confine it to
thetn, and these will be no trouble.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to that at all.
This amendment comes from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and was asked for, I presume, by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. I see that
it is put under hss control to enter into these nego-
tiations. I will not detain the Senate longer. I
shall have occasion hereafter to advert to this sub-
ject, and then I shall go into the whole matter from
the beginning to the end. All that is asked here
now, is a verv small amount to be "appropnated !
for the purpose of lemovmg, or of entering into
negotiations to remove, those Indians who are
clearly not entitled to be there. If it is the policy
of the Government of the United States—if it is
the policy of tins Semite—when they have trouble-
some liuhans, to thrust them upon us because we
have some territory, and to take no sort of steps
to remove them, or to defend the frontier against
their depredations, the Senate may strike out the
amendment. That is ail.
Mr. BELL. I do not think the renuuks of the
honorable Senator from Texas answer my sug-
gestions at all. I have often heard him allude to
the facts which he has alluded to to-day, with a
good deal of feeling then, as now; but I have no
feeling upon this subject. This is the remnant of
an old quarrel which remains here between lexas,
as an independent State, and the United States.
1 do not remember the article alluded to in the
Caddoe treaty; but I think it is very likely to be
what the honorable Senator has stated it to be.
if theie be any such article in the treaty, it is
certainly an improper and an unneighborly one
towards Texas or Mexico, whichever might then
be regarded as being on our frontier. But 1 deny
that it has ever been, within my recollection, the
policy of the Government of the United States—I
mean a policy recognized and acted upon—to send
the Indians out of our territory into that of any
of our neighbors. That treaty may have been a
departure from the policy, and may have passed
the Senate of the United States without reference
to the policy of intruding the Indian tribes upon
our neighbors.
My remarks before were based upon the hy-
pothesis that the honorable Senator sought this
appiopnation foi the purpose of removing back to
some other territory of the United States these
Creeks, and Cherokees, and Senunoles, as well as
other lawless bands nt Indians. 1 think the hon-
orable Senator, m his first remarks, alluded to
them. 1 heard then no refeience made to the
remnant of the Caddoe Indians, that had been set-
tled in villages. I had always understood that
they were a peaceable, and rather an imbecile, and
not a warlike tribe of Indians at all. If they
have become so, I think it must have been since
they founded themselves m a pait of the territory
of Texas; and that, by uniting with the Comatt-
ches and the refugee Cherokees, Creeks, and Sem-
inoles, they may have had their original habils de-
ter orated, and may have become lobbeis. i did
not understand that this appropriation was asked
for the removal of the Caddoes on the giound of
the national courtesy between the two nations at the
time the stipulations of the treaty were entered
into. But even in regard to that, if the appropria-
tion is to apply to the Caddoes, while 1 am will-
ing, if that be the object, to vote this appropua-
tion, yet I doubt very much the practicability of
removing them out of the territory of Texas. Jt
may be that some of them, in the western part of
Texas, may have found the most suitable home
for themselves—ceitainly 1 know of no other
more suitable. If you take them northwest of the
Cherokees, Clioctaws, and Chickasaws, as they
are now settled, you take them upon Indian terri-
tory, or territory applied to the outlet of those
tribes. If you take ihem still fuither north, you
bring them in contact with the western frontiers—
with the white settlements. So, then, I can per-
cen e no probable good result from this appropri-
ation.
In regard to the general policy of the Govern-
ment towards Texas, I consider that the Govern-
ment of the United States, in virtue of the guar-
dianship which it assumes over the Indian tribes,
and the powers which it claims of directing inter-
course with the Indian tribes upon the great policy
of preserving peace on the frontier, is bound to
remove all those Indians as speedily as may be,
with safety and with propriety to the people. And
whenever there is a proper demand by the giow-
mg population of the State of Texas, this Govern-
ment is bound, furthermore, in virtue of the same
power which it has assumed to control the affairs
of the Indian tribes, to preserve them in peacable
relations with the people of Texas as far as it is in
its power to do so. 1 undeistand that this is the
policy of this Government, now recognized as
being proner. We expend hundieds of thousands
of dollars annually for the purpose of pi cserving
peace upon the frontiers of Texas against these
Indians. I understand, indeed, that it is done but
very ineffectually i that murders and robberies are
still committed; and that they would be commit-
ted, if there was no Creek, nor Choctaw, nor refu-
gee Seminole, nor Caddoe, within the territory of
Texas. Will the honorable Senator deny if?
Would there have been peace and qiuer? Would
there ha\e been no plundering, no lobbems, no
murdeis of women and childien on the fiontieis
of Texas, but for these Indians^ having been
thiown into that territory by the Government of
the United States ?
Mr. RUSK. I conscientiously believe there
would not. .
Mr. BELL. I cannot deny that that is the Sen-
ator's belief. But whence the accounts we daily re-
ceive from the Rio Grande, of bands of Comanches
making inroads into that country, carrying off
horses and cattle? Some of those desperate and
warlike Seminole chiefs have thrown themselves
upon that country, and become the leaders of these
hostile Indians. Now, can we repress those bands?
Does the honorable Senator suppose we have it
in our power to hang or to shoot (<<Wild Cat,"
unless we have him in our power?
Mr. RUSK. We had him once. "
Mr. BELL. Yes; but we cannot catch him
again. Nor is it a very easy thing to catch any of
those desperate leaders who fled from the United
States. The policy of the United States, and its
duty to Texas, is to defend that frontier; and
whenever we can find territory to which to remove
these Indians, to make tieaties with them—not at
the expense of £,25.000, but at an expense of
5>500,000, or even of $1,000,000, in one bill, or
even a larger sum, to get rid of them. Although
these tribes aie not large, it would be economical
for the United States to appropriate three or four
millions at once, if you could effect the object of
removing these Indians altogether from the terri-
tory of Texas by that amount; because, in four
or five years, it will cost us that sum to keep
them in order.
My interrogatories to the Senator from Texas
were with a view to have him satisfy us—to satisfy
the Senate—or that, in regard to my own course,
he might give mesonie reasonable expectation that
the object of lemoving these Indians would he ef-
fected by voting thet-e ^25,000. Seeing, however,
that the honorable Senator manifests so much feel-
ing and solicitude about the matter, 1 am not dis-
posed to vote against it, even if he gives no other
reason for it, because I see that his heart is in it.
I presume him to be perfectly patriotic; and
though his grounds may not altogether satisfy me,
yet 1 will trust him as a Senator and representa-
tive from that part of the country, for the conclu-
sion that it may conduce to some good result, and
relieve the frontier of Texas.
Mr. SHIELDS. To accomplish the object
which the honoiable Senator from Texas has m
view, and which I think is a very proper object,
and to make the amendment clear and definite, I
move to add after the word " Indians,"the words
44 in Texas, who have been intruded into that State
from the temtories of the United States." That,
1 presume, will accomplish the object in view.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Senator
fiom Texas agrees to restrict the amendment so
as to apply it only to the Indians forced into
Texas by the Government of the United States.
That being done, 1 hope that we shall pass the
item.
The amendment of Mr. Shields was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now propose to strike
out, after the word " State," the words " to some
designated unoccupied territory of the United
States."
I wish to make this amendment for this reason :
It is obvious that those Indians whohave intruded
themselves into Texas from the territories of the
United States, should be removed from Texas.
There are two ways of getting them out of Texas.
One is by negotiation, as proposed heie; the other
is by the use of the United States troops and the
Texas rangers. We can make an effort to nego-
tiate them out, nt an expense of $25,000, or
#50,000, or $100,000, if necessary. If they can-
not be got out in that way, then tire other
means of forcing them out must be resorted to. If
the words winch I propose to strike out, are
stricken out, it will then leave it with the United
States to restore theSemmoles, who have intruded
themselves into Texas, to the territory belonging
to them; and to restoie the Cherokees to the Cher-
okee country, the Delawates to the Delaware
country, and the Kickapoos to the Kickopoo
country. It will leave the Government of the
United States to purchase them outof Texas,and
lestoiethem to their own tt ibes; or, if that cannot
be done, then, as I said before, resort must be had
to the sabre and the rifle.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
striking out that portion of the bill recommended
to he stricken out by the Committee on Finance,
as it has been amended.
Mr. HUNTER. As the clause has been
amended, there is no object in striking it out. X
believe that, as amended, it is right.
The PRESIDENT. The question must be
taken.
