1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I would like to have the
section proposed to be stricken out read as it has
been amended on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri and the Senator from Illinois.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
" For compensation to three special agents and four in-
terprets for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the pur-
chase of presents, and to negotiate with said Indians in
Texas who have been iuti uded into that State from the ter-
ritories of the United States, under instructions from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for then removal lrom that
State, $25,000.
Mr. BADGER. As the clause now reads, it
would seem to imply that these Indians had been
instructed to go there by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to transpose the words
" under instructions from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs," so as to insert them immediately
after the word " negotiate," and to strike out also
" Commissioner of Indian Affairs," and insert
(< Secretary of the Interior," so that the clause
will read:
" For compensation to three special agents and four in-
terpreters for the ludian tube?- of Texas, and for tiie pur-
chase of presents, and to negotiate, under instruction- fiom
the Secretaiy ot the Interior, with Indians in Texas who
have been intruded into that State," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 now move to amend the
clause proposed to be stricken out, so as to strike
out the words, " and for the purchase of pres-
ents." I think the power to negotiate is sufficient.
I have always thought this giving of presents was
an objectionable feature in our legislation. I have
looked upon it as paying tribute, pretty much the
same as we formerly paid tribute to the piratical
tribes on the Mediterranean.
Mr. CASS, f merely wish to inquire precisely
what is to be the object and effect of this proposi-
tion. Is it meant that, under the power to nego-
tiate, presents may be given? If that is meant,
what is gained by not saying so ? If it is proper
to give presents, it is proper to say so.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not like to make a con-
fession that we are to buy peace.
Mr. RUSK. There is no Indian treaty, to my
knowledge, that has not contained a clause for the
giving of presents.
Mr. CASS. I think it would be better to retain
the clause; because, if it is stricken out, it may
impose some difficulty on the Department.
Mr. BORLAND. In order to satisfy gentle-
men, I withdraw my amendment.
ThePRESlDEJNT. The question is now upon
agreeing to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the clause as it has been
amended.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the clouwe, " for continuing the collection
* and for publishing the statistics and other mform-
* ation authorized by the act of 3d March, 1847,
<and subsequent acts, $17,000," this proviso :
Provided, That the work Mi.ill be completed m live
volumes*, and that at lea-t one volume shall he published m
each \ear until ilic whole series uf five volumes shall be
finished.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to hear some
explanation of that proviso.
Mr. HUNTER. This proviso was put in after
consultation with the Department of the Interior.
I addressed a letter to the Secretary of the Interior;
but he had been called away. I then went to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; and, after con-
sultation with him, I found that the work would
probably be finished in five volumes, and at the
rate of one volume a year.
Mr. BORLAND. I would like to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia if he knows the
amount of money that wiif have to be paid for
these books?_ What will the five volumes cost?
Mr. HUNTER. I think they will cost about
$20,000 a volume for the publication and printing,
exclusive of the salary of Mr. Schoolcraft,and, per-
haps, one clerk. I am not aware whether one or
two clerks are employed. I can hardly give the
Senator all the information he desires now, but I
can do it by to-morrow morning.
Mr. BORLAND. I certainly have had a good
deal of gratification in examining the two volumes
of this work which have been published. It is
the most beautiful piece of work that I have ever
seen tn my life. I believe the world cannot fur-
nish such a piece of typography as we have in
this book; but I have not examined its contents
with sufficient care to be enabled to pronounce an
opinion satisfactory to myself in regard to it. I
am inclined to think, however, that we may draw
the distinction heie which was drawn in the criti-
cism of several works, between a work that is
very beautifully got up, and a work which is, in
itself, not very beautiful; or, to express the idea
more clearly, perhaps 1 had better repeat a criti-
cism that was applied to a book of poems some
years ago. In a criticism upon a certain poetical
work that was published in our country a few
years ago, a remark was made that it was a very
beautiful book of poems. Such was the announce-
ment of the critic. The question was asked
whether the term ft beautiful" applied to the book
or to the poetry ? Here is certainly a very beau-
tiful book; a magnificent book as apiece of book-
making; but can any one tell whether the book
contains anything that is really valuable or not'
Mr. BADGER. It contains some beautiful
pictures.
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir, very beautiful; and
the typography is more beautiful. I believe it is
the best specimen of typography that the world
has ever produced.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator desires it, I
can now furnish him the information. 1 have
here a statement of the cost of this work. The
amount expended in the course of the last five
years has been $39,361. That is independent of
this deficiency. Here is a letter in which there is
a statement of that deficiency. The Department
states that this work can be completed in five vol-
umes.
Mr. WHITCOMB. From whom is the letter?
Mr. HUNTER. From the Department of the
Interior, to which 1 addressed inquiries about the
matter.
Mr. BORLAND. We have here, then, a state-
ment about equivalent to what the Senator said
before as to the cost of the volumes. He said—
and this statement now proves it—that they would
cost about $20,000 a volume; so that the whole
work will cost $100,000. Can any one say, from
examination of the work, or from his knowledge
of the materials, that it is worth that, or will be
worth one half of that? Of what does it consist?
It does not consist of matters which are necessary
for our legislation. It adds nothing to the scien-
tific knowledge of the country; but it consists of
speculations upon what we may call, I suppose,
the romance of the history of the red men of this
country. It does not state anything beyond mere
speculations. It states nothing that can be relied
upjn with any great degree of confidence; but it
consists of certain philosophical speculations upon
the character, and condition, and probable fate in
the future of the various Indian tribes of our coun-
try. It may be very valuable, but I do not think
that we have such assurances of its value as will
justify us m expending $100,000 inits publication.
For one, I am not satisfied to that extent, and for
that reason I shall be unwilling to continue it. The
books are very beautiful. I have received the
different volumes, and I have examined them with
a great deal of interest; but I have not discovered
m them that character, kind, and amount of in-
formation which I think would repay us for the
money we propose to expend in the publication
of the work.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President,having arrived,
in the progress of our investigations and inquiries
into the amendments proposed by the committee
to this bill, at the stage at which we now are, it
seems to me there could be no more fitting occa-
sion for the Senate to adjourn. We cannot get
through the bill this evening.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not now ad-
journ. We may get through all the amendments
but the last—that m relation to the Collins line of
steamers, which I know will be debated. The
others, I think, can be adopted without much de-
bate.
Mr. BADGER. There is a previous amend-
ment which the Senate has not yet reached, which
I wish to debate. It is one which undertakes, by
act of Congress, to regulate what the officers of
the Senate shall do.
Mr. HUNTER. When we get to that, I shall
ask the Senate to let it lie over, for reasons which
I shall state.
Mr. BADGER. There is only one formal
amendment between the one we are now on and
that.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better get
through with them before we adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. We can accomplish nothing
by sitting here any longer. It is a dark and a dis-
mal day. The feelings of everybody are de-
pressed, and after the suggestion of the Senator
from Arkansas as to this book of "picturs,"
[laughter,] or this romance of history, as he called
it—1 should rather say history of romance—I do
not think we can get to the question. As I do
not believe we can get to a vote upon the amend-
ment to-day, and as it is a fit time to adjourn, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mv. HUNTER asked for the yeas and nays
upon the motion; and they were ordered, and
being taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 17; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Me=«rs. Atchison,Badger, Bell. Berrien,Brooke,
Cas.s, Claike, Cooper,Davis, Dawson, Felch, Fish, Geyer,
Hale, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Reward,
Shields, Smith, Spruanee, Sumner, and Upham—*25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Boiland, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Gwm, Ham-
lin, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa,, King, Noins, Under-
wood, Wade, and Wiutconib—IT.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 20, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
The SPEAKER has appointed the following
gentlemen as the elect committee to whom has
been referred the existing laws and orders on the
subject of the public printing, viz: Messrs. Mar-
shall of Kentucky, Harris of Alabama, Chan-
dler, Fuller of Maine, and Hamilton.
The SPEAKER announced as the first business
in order the consideration of the bill of the Senate
to enforce discipline and promote good conduct in
the Navy of the United States.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
privileged question; and that is, to move the usual
resolution, to close the debate on the homestead
bill, which has been the special order since the
first of March—more than seven weeks—when
there are ten general appropriation bills of this
Government to be considered; and if we give but
a week to each of those bills, it will take us until
August to get through. I would move to close
the debate to-morrow, at one o'clock; but if gen-
tlemen are anxious for a little more time, I will
allow them until Thursday, but I cannot allow
them more than that. I offer the usual resolution,
to close the debate on the homestead bill on Thurs-
day next, at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Thegentleman
from Arkansas seems to manifest some anxiety in
relation to the tennmation of this debate, and
while manifesting that anxiety, he indicates to the
House that he has this thing entirely under his
control, and that he will allow 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have not indi-
cated any such thing. I am m favor of the pas-
sage of the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
the gentleman to say that he would allow us more
time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I meant so far
as my motion was concerned.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
that but very little of the time of the House has
actually been consumed in the discussion of this
subject.
l\lr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Fifteen days,
sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I say, sir, that
fifteen days have already been devoted to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that gen-
tlemen will recollect that this is not a debatable
question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not pro-
pose to debate it.
The SPEAKER. If the House will indulge
the gentlemen, the Chair will be very happy to
hear them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to inquire of the Clerk
how many days have been devoted to this bill.
Mr. STANLY. I want to get on with the
