2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29.
Mr. WELCH, r desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to u question of order.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour]
had the floor, and moved that the committee rise.
!t is not ill order to take the floor from him to of-
fer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. So longas gentlemen offer
amendments, the Chair is obliged to entertain
them.
Mr. SKELTON. I make the point of order,
that, after a motion is made that the committee
rise and report the bill, it is out of order-t£ receive^
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SKELTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] how
the revenvie can be raised ' [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. V^ELCH offered the following amend-
ment:
For surveys and estimates, will) a view to the construc-
tion ofartifieial d<una and le^eivotrs on the head waters of
tlu  Ohio river, for tlx* improvement ot'it^ navigation, upon
the plan proposed by Mr. Kllieott, §-50,000.
Mr WELCH. I do not intend to discuss the
Amendment, but I want a vote upon it.
[Cries of "That's right!" " That's right!"]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I renew my motion, that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House.
Mr. STANLY. I have an amendment to offer.
The amendment was as follows:
For the improvement of the Illinois river, $50,000 ; for
the improvement hi the Tennessee river, $50,000 ; and for
the improvement of the Cumberland river, $30,000.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and yielded
it to
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who moved that
the committee do now rise; which motion was dis-
agreed to.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Mason and Vkvable were appointed.
Mr. CARTTER, (in his seat.) We Whigs
want to defeat the river and harbor bill. [Laugh-
ter.]
Ihe question was then put, and the committee
refused to rise; the tellers having reported-—ayes
38, noes 80.
Mr. STANLY. If oar western men upon both
sides of the committee stand up to the amendment
I have submitted, we can adopt it. I have offered
it because I thought the West should have justice
done it, after the legislation of tins Congress has
done so much for the North and East. I have
hitherto voted against the various? amendments
which have been presented, because f had reason
to hope that the substitute I offered, which does
more justice to the West, would be adapted by
the committee. That has not been done. The
Illinois js an important river, and so also are the
Tennessee and Cumberland rivers important-
There is no provision in this bill for them; and
if our friends from the West will stand up and
vote for appropriations for these three important
rivers, they can be attended to. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. SAOKETT. I offer the following sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
* North Carolina;
At the end of the bill add:
For the improvement of the Ohio river above the falls at
JjouisYiUt:   $80,001)
For the improvement of the Ohio below the fall*.. ,'40,0J0
For the improvemment of the Mississippi below the
mouth of the Missouri  65,000
For the improvement of the Mississippi above the
month of the Missouri  65,000
For the unprovementof the Cumberland river 40j)()0
For the impiovement of the Tennosr><*e river 40,000
For the miptovement of the Illinois river 40.000
For the improvement of the Arkansas river  40 000
For the improvement of the Missouri river 40;000
For the improvement of the piers and harbor of Big
Sodus Bay on Lake Ontario  15,000
For the improvement of the harbor at Pultneyville,
Lake Ontario  10,000
For the construction or pmchase of snag boats for
the Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, and Arkansas
riveis 100,000
§535,00!)
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Sackett was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanly.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Hayen and Richardson
were appointed.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was disagreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
56, noes 68.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following amend-
ment, that T may be enabled to make an expla-
nation:
And provided further, That in the event of a reduction
of the revenue below the sum necessary tor the ordinary
expenses ot Government, the, dutiesupou iton be increased
to toity percent, ad va/ornm; that amount coming within
the revenue point, anil appi oved by a late distinguished Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
[Cries all over the Hall of" Question !" " Gtues-
tion!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire, before
that motion is put, to submit the following
amendment:
For the improvement of the Ohio river above the Falls at
Louisville, $25,000.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will yield
I will move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I then move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not participated in
the discussions upon the various amendments
which have been offered to this bill, from the fact
that 1 took occasion at an early period of the ses-
sion, to express my views at large upon the sub-
ject of internal improvements. 1 desire the adop-
tion of this amendment for the purpose of carry-
ing out, to some extent, the principles which
control me in relation to these improvements. I
am now, as I always have been, m favor of a
system of internal improvements by the General
Government, but I desire, whenever it is to be
adopted, to embtace equality to all the vaiious
sections and interests of this great Confederacy.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 rise to a question of order.
My colleague is making metaphysical discrimina-
tions. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is wonderful that my
colleague is able to discover it! I say, sir, that 1
injustice has been done to the western rivers.
There appear to be in this House a combination
on the part of the sea-board, and'  ;
[From the loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"
and the general confusion pervading the Hall, the
remainder of the sentence could not be heard by
the Reporter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. You cannot get clear of
me in that way. [Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Yell on, gentlemen, I have been in just such rows
as this before; here and elsewhere. I say there
is a combination on the part of the sea-board 
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Go on!"
"Go on!"] and I denounce it! A combination
has been formed by those representing the inter-
ests of the northern lakes and eastern sen-board,
against the great rivers of the interior. They are
the only passengers m this omnibus, and the mighty
valley of the Mississippi is again cast off with a
mere pittance.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask that the
rule be enforced upon the gentleman, as well as it
has been upon others.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair finds it diffi-
cult to enforce rules of order upon a great many.
The gentleman's remarks are out of order. He
must confine himself to an explanation of his
amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am showing that the
inequality of the provisions of the bill is a reason
why the amendment should be adopted. That is
certainly in order, though it is difficult to get a
great many to so understand it just now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offered a proviso here
for the purpose of informing the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Polk] how revenue may be raised,
if the calamity occurs which he so much fears, in
the event of the passage of the land bills to which
he refers; but it is not in order, alas! for the Old
Keystone and her resources, which, but for that,
might be benefitted. It is the means, however, of
forcibly illustrating the expressive lines of Hudi-
bras—
" Ah, me ! what troubles do environ
The wight who meddles with cold iron !
[Cries of (( Order'" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
; order, and he will please take his seat,
j Mr. CAMPBELL. This is not the first evi-
| dence of combinations of this sort that I have
i seen made in this House. 1 remember during the
' last Congress, of our effort on the part of protec-
tion [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] I am
j merely showing the means resorted to for the pur 
; pose of carrying measures partial in their chaiacter.
I And I only desire to add that western Democrats,
; after all their Buncombe speeches in favor of
j western rivers, have aided to carry out this un-
; equal system by voting as they have done, with
j scarce an exception, against the substitute of the
' gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
which offered liberal appropriations to western
States.
Mr. POLK. This rule has been enfoiced upon
all others, and I do not see why it should be tol-
etated upon the gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. FLORENCE. Most assuredly, for if
was enforced upon me. I insist upon its enforce-
ment. [Laughter.j
The CHAIRMAN.^ The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order. His time, however, has now ex-
pired .
Mr. EVANS. J must confess that 1 feel sur-
■ prised at the course of remark indulged in by the
! gentleman from Ohio, when he proclaims to the
House of Representatives, that east of the Alle-
ganics there is unfriendliness towards the great
improvements of the West.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will feel itself
constrained to call the gentleman to order.
^ Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] offered an amendmentcon-
taming appropriations for the improvement of
western rivers and harbors, and he voted for it,
| and I did the same thing. Opposition, sir, came
i to it from quite other quarters. I do not know
. whether the gentleman voted for it or not.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled to
; call the gentleman to order.
Mr. EVANS. I want the country to know
| that the Democrats from his own portion of the
i country are at heart opposed to these measures—
[Cries of "Order!" '« Order!"] The sincere
; friends of these river and harbor improvements
; are the Whigs of the East and the Whigs of the
West—[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] Ah ! you
are endeavoring now to cry down and suppress
| lhe utterance of the truth; but I, like the gentle-
i man from Ohio, [Mr. Campblll,] have been in
just such crowds before, and mean to sav my sav.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair had the
power to command the Sergeant-at-Arms, becer-
, tainly would preserve order in this committee.
[ The gentleman is out of order, and he will please
I take his seat.
1 Mr. EVANS. I want to see these appropria-
1 tions passed.
A Member. Let the riot act be read. [Laugh-
ter.] L D
The CHAIRMAN. This is a branch of the
American Congress, a body which is respected
throughout the world, and the Chair hopes that
the committee will throw itself upon its dignity
for a few moments, and the bill will be reported
and passed.
Mr. EVANS. I have not heard what the Chair
has been saying, there is so much noise in the
Hall. I am m order. Let others be kept quiet.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
