THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32j) Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 31, 1852.
New Series....No. 126.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Campbell was rejected.
Mr. EVANS. I offer the following amendment
to come in at the end of the bill:
For the improvement of the Missouri river, $51,100 ;
and for the impiovementof the Illinois, Cumberland, and
Tennessee rivers, each, $-33,000.
I do not intend to occupy a moment in discus-
sion. I only make the assertion, that if the pre-
tended particular friends of western harbors and
rivers will come up and join with eastern and west-
ern Whigs, we can pass this amendment. I de-
mand tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Hart were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to; the tellers having reported
—ayes 55, noes 70.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House;
which motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly House bill No.
282, making appropriations for certain harbors and
rivers, and have dnected him to report back the
same, with sundry amendments.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, bills
with the following titles:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James C. Watson, of Georgia;
An act to grant the right of way to all rail and
plank roads and macadamized turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the United
States; and
An act to establish additional land districts in
the State of Wisconsin; which several bills re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask that the question
may be taken upon the adjournment.
Mr. DEAN. T rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. No question is in order, ex-
cept the question for adjournment.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 56, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Alien, AMie, Thomas ii. Bajly,
Bocock, Busbv, E. Carrmsjton Cabell. Caldwell, Lewis i).
Campbell. Ca^kie, Chastam, Chmchwell, Clark, Chnjjman,
Cobb, Dawson, Dimmick, Dunham, Edinundson, Evvin?,
Fickhn, Gihnore, Hamilton, IflmmC. Harris, Henduckt*,
Hillyer, Hoiladav, Houston, Howard, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Letcher, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason, McMulhn, McQ.ueen, Millson, Moreliead, Murphy,
Old*, Orr, Phelps. Savage, Ornien S. Seymour, Smart,
Benjamin Stanton, Stone, Venabie, Wallace, Ward, Wat-
kins, Addison White, Wiidnck, Williams, and STates—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, William
Appleton, Babeoek, Barrere, Bell, Bowie, John H. Boyd,
Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, Burrows,
Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Conger, Curtis,
George T. Davis, Dean, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
Eastman, Evans, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, T. J. D. Fuller,
Gamble,Giddiness, Goodenow, Green, Harper, Hait, Haws,
Haven, Herin, Horsfoid, John W. Ho\ve,Thos. M. Howe,
Thomas Y. I-!ow, Hunter, Inc.ersoll, Jackson, John John-
son, George G King, Pieston King, Kuhns,Landry, Lock-
hart, Martin, McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry D.Moore,
Muriay, Newton, Outlaw, Pe'nmman, Perkins, Polk, Por-
ter, Richardson, Riddle, Robbing, Rolnc, Sackett, Seher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Sehoonmakei, Scudder, Scurry, D.
L. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Abraham P. Stephen*, St.
Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Smhoiland, Thurston, Town«-
hend, Tuck, Walbridge, WoKh, and Welch—90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, and upon that question I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order;
and that is, whether the gentlemen who reported
this bill [Mr. Seymour] is not entitled to the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] was entitled to the floor
126
until he demanded the previous question; but he
is not entitled to it now. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] moves to lay the bill i
upon the table.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] certainly had a right to
withdraw his motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not know i
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sey-
mour] was seeking the floor, and therefore he
recognized the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. j
Houston;] and, in the opinion of the Chair, this
is a question about which there can be no doubt.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish merely to say, that
I sought the floor, and X believe I addressed the
Chair before the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only say that
he never saw the gentleman from New York strug-
gling to get the floor, as his eyes would have been
turned in that direction.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Is it in order ;
to move a call of the House ? This is an import- [
ant bill, and I therefore move that there be a call 1
of the House. i
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] desires to withdraw the
previous question, I am perfectly willing to with-
draw the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon my motion that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It has been the universal
practice of the House to give the floor, m prefer-
ence to any one else, to the gentleman who intro-
duces a bill. That was done in this case at the
start. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sey-
mour] called the previous question. The Chair <
did not expect that he wished to withdraw it, and
did not see him. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. j
Stanton] moves that the House adjourn. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that |
the gentleman from New "York [Mr. Seymour] \
should have the floor to withdraw his motion. 1 I
withdraw the motion to lay the bill upon the table, j
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just stated j
that there was a motion pending, that the House j
adjourn. Is that motion withdrawn ? i
Mr. STANTON. It is not withdrawn. ;
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order, j
No business has intervened between the two mo- I
tions to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Another motion was made ;
for a call of the House. The Chair has no doubt -
that there has been business. i
Mr. POLK demanded tellers on the motion; but j
they were not ordered. :
The question was then taken, and it was decided j
in the negative. '
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] that there be a call of
the House.
The question was taken; and a call of the House j
was refused. \\
Mr. SEYMOUR. I now ask a vote upon sec- j
onding the demand for the previous question. ;
The SPEAKER. That is the question now be- !'
fore the House.
Mr. ORR. I move that the bill be laid upon ■
the table.
Mr. CARTTER. Upon that motion I demand ;
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. i
Mr. STANLY. I wish to suggest to the gen- I
tleman from South Carolina, to allow the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Seymour] to make a ,
motion to recommit the bill, with a view, if the 1
House adjourn, that it come up to-morrow morn- j
ing.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn. .
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 59, noes 88. j
Mr. VENABLE. I move that there be a call i.
i of the House, and upon that motion I demand the
!l yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER. The question is on laying
the bill upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CIXASTAIN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. VENABLE called for the yeas and nays.
The yea5? and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
make a statement to the House. I am willing to
make a motion to recommit the bill, if gentlemen
will allow me to do so.
[Cries of " No !" " No!" and " Order!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I insist on
the regular order.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to ask a question of the
Speaker, for information. If the House adjourns
now, where will the bill go?
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the Chairwill respond to the interrogatory
of the gentleman.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No!" and " Order!"]
Mr. CARTTER. The bill will go upon the
Speaker's table; there is where it will go.
[Renewed cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Ciias-
tasn's motion, and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 50, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS.—Mossis. Willis Allen, A«he, Thomas H Bayly,
Bocock, Busby. E. Cairington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Ca.-kie, Chastam, Chniehwell, Clnicman, Cobb,
Dimmick, Disney. Dunham, Edmundson, FicUlm, Oil -
more, Hamilton, I>ham G. Ilarns Hendricks, Hillycr,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, George W. Jones, Letcher, Mason, MtMulhn,
MeQ.uoen, Million, Moreh< ad, Murphy, Phelps, Sav-
age, Sinait, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stone, Stratfon,
Venable, Wallace j 'Watkins, Add-on White, Wildrick,
and Williams—r 0.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, John Appleton, Wm. Appleton,
Babcock, Bairere, Bowie, John II. fto\d, Btenlon, Brig^s,
Brooks, George If. Biown, Burrows, Caitter, Chandler,
Chapman, Cleveland, Conger, Curtis, Geoige T. Davis,
Daw.-on, Dean, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, East-
man, Edgeiton, Evans, Fitch, Florence, Flovd, Fowler,
Thus. J. D. Fuliei, Giddmg?, Green, Harper, Hart, Haws,
Haven, JIotMbrd, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Tngersoll, Jackson, John John-
son, George G. King, Preston King, Landry, Loekliart,
Mann, Martin, MeNair, Miller, Molony, llernj- D. Moore,
Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Penmman, Perkins, Polk, Por-
ter, Richardson, Riddle, Robbing Kobie, Sackott, Scher-
meihorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonniakei, Scudder, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Ori«en S. Seymour, Skelton, St. Mar-
tin, Smart, Sutherland, Thui, ton, Townshend, Walbridge,
Walsh, Welch, and Yates—87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ORR.. If the House will indulge me for
half a minute, I think that we can relieve all par-
ties from the difficulty in which we are placed, and
adjourn.
(Loud cries of "Go on!" "Agreed!" and
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion thaf there be a call of the House.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Venable,] who made that motion, is
willing to withdraw it. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table; the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Seymour] will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, then move
to recommit the bill, renew the demand for the
previous question, and move sn adjournment,
without requiring the previous question to be sus-
tained.
[Cries of " Agreed!" and " Good!" " Good !"]
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of order.
The yeas and nays have been ordered on all those
motions, and thegentlemen cannot withdraw them
withoutunanimous consent. I object to the with-
drawal.
The SPEAKER. The Chnir overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. The gentleman is aware that an amend-
ment can be withdrawn any time before action
upon it.
Mr. SAVAGE. Not after the yeas and nayi
have been ordered upon it.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the House to indulge
