1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 20,
sanguinary battles are to be fought upon the ocean
before the great truth is acknowledged by the Pow-
ers of Europe, that man is capable of^seli-gov-
ernment. The necessity of keeping our Navy well
prepared to meet such a crisis, which is inevitable,
is most apparent. Her career must be the most
conspicuous; and in any contest, the Navy, if she
is appreciated and sustained properly by Confess,
I can foretell, will reflect the brightest victory
which the historian has yet recorded, and continue
to promote and extend Democratic republican
principles and government, I hope, sir, I may
impart some of my feelings and views and enthu-
siasm to this House.
I regret, in discussing this bill, that I shall take
views directly opposed to so devoted and zealous
friends of the Navy as the honorable chairman of
the Naval Committee, and the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, also a member of the Naval
Committee, [Mr. Bocock,] who have advocated
the amended bill as presented by the honoutble
ehnhman; but, sir, I find some gratification in ad-
vocating the principle contained in the bill offered
by the honorable gentleman from Virginia repre-
senting* the Norfolk district, [Mr. Millsox ,j winch
is essentially a naval district, and he ought to be
well posted up on naval matters. 1 believe, how-
ever, that he and myself do understand and lep-
reseut the voice of the Navy and the country, m
advocating the principle of summary couris-mar-
tial, instead of giving supreme, absolute, and undi-
vided authority to the captain to punish, which is
the difference between the bill of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Allan s and
the substitute offered by the gentleman horn Vir-
ginia, [Mr. A'!n.i,son.] Difference of opinion in re-
gard to tins principle is not confined to the member
of the House, for the officers of all grades of the
Navy are \ery much divided in opinion upon this
subject, indeed,! believe if it were referred to .hick,
he would set tie it by preferring the old system of
flogging. There is no doubt that the Nt«vy has
lost some of its best men by the law -JxdiUnng
flogging; for 1 am told that it is not an unuMinl
occurrcnce for the old Navy seamen to enter the
recruiting rendezvous, and ask the officers if flog-
ging is restoied; and upon receiving a negative
reply, they refuse to ship or enlist. I am well sat-
isfied that the discipline of our Navy has dimin-
ished since the passage of that law, and that there
is a want of alacrity, quickness, respect, and
prompt obedience of orders that was before known
and observed in our Na\y,and which constituted
the pi id e of a man-of-war's company, and sus-
tained and compensated the officer for the labor of
exercising the crew m working ship, and drdhng
his division nt the bnttery; for without the ob-
servance of military etiquette, and ail the internal
regulations of a ship, inefficiency arid discord pre-
vails; whereas, on the other hand, efficiency and
ha miony <ro together.
On a well-ordeied, well-disciplined ship, you
"Will find great contentment and pride of ship, eveiy
person on board feels that he contributes to it, and
"whilst the men are proud and satisfied with the
officers, the oillcei in return feels a corresponding
feeling for the men, which creates a confidence
and belief in their ability to cope successfully with
an enemy. Such boasting is the surest evidence
of a high state of discipline. Hut, sir, I am not
sure that the old discipline ai.d tone of the service
would not, in time, lie as high as it eierwas.
Under the present law, all the power to punish
now exists that ever did exist, with the exception
of flogging-, and I am not sure but that, m a short
time, some mode of maintaining discipline may be
found more humane, more civilized than flogging,
which was, I must admit, a most wholesome and
salutary restraint, and did preserve most exact
Find precise discipline, whilst it was inflicted with
discretion and humanity; but when abused by a
tyrannical, passionate, or intemperate officer, it
destroyed discipline and harmony. Many expedi-
ents are now resorted to, and with great success,
I am informed: but still the punishments ai e cruel.
But the low moral state of the crews demand it;
nor can they be ameliorated or lessened, until the
moral character of the men of the Navy is im-
proved; and to do this, we want the entire naval ■
system revised, and an entire new naval code. In
this view, every srentlemtm who has spoken upon '
this subject agrees; and I have no doubt it is the
prevailing sentiment of this House. The honor- ,
able chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs i
informs this House, that he contends for an entire
revision of the code by which the Navy is gov-
erned; that he presented a report and bill to the
last Congress, for that object, upon which no
action could be had; and that he is now agaia in-
structed by the committee to report a bill, with the
same object; and the honorable gentleman admits
that the measure now before the House is only a
partial one, designed to meet a piesent exigency;
but he fears, from the little interest manifested by
the mass of the members, that it will again be
allowed to sleep.
But, sir, I think if the honorable chairman had
an enure new code and system to present, it would
command prompt and immediate action. 1 am
opposed to partial legislation. I want, also, to see
the enure naval system revised; there is a crying
necessity for u. I think it would be better to
wait until such a system is devised, than to pass
this bill in any shape. I do not believe there is
such a pressing exigency for this law. 1 do not
see what new power or principle it confers of pun-
ishment, that makes its passage so necessary; for,
as I said before, all the power to punish ever con-
ferred upon the commander, he now has, with the
exception of flogging—and they are a long list of
punishment, known under the usages and prac-
tices of the sea service. Indeed, I do not «ee that
the bill, as reported by the honorable chairman,
confers any new authouty upon the commander
of a ship, unless it is the single punishment of the
loss of three months'pay, provided by the bill
before us. Still, in cases of theft or waste of pub-
lic property, I have known the captain to order
the amount charged against the offender, and cied-
ited accordingly, that restitution might be made.
So that, in truth, there is no new authouty to be
conferred by tins bill, and the records of the De-
partment do not show that the discipline of the
Navy ht\s been so seriously interfered with. Cer-
tain it is, they do not show any serious acts of
insubordination, mutiny, or revolts. No men
have been shot down or hung; and, I believe,
there have been fewer offenses, and fewer courts-
martial. And as to the effect of the discontinu-
ance of flogging in the mercantile marine, the rec-
ords of our United States district and admiralty
courts will show fev/er cases of levolt and mu-
tinous conduct tried before those courts since the
passage of that law, than for the same period of
time before. 1 can state this as a fact, as regards
the southern district of New York, which has ju-
risdiction over the large commerce of the great
commercial emporium, as I am assured by an
officer of that court, who gave me as a reason
for this, that most of the complaints formerly grew
out of cruel flogging by the captain, and the gener-
ous impulses of the ciew, who would attempt to
resist the authouty of the captain, by pie\enung
llog^mg. Entertaining these views, 1 should much
prefer that this bill should not be acted upon, but
that wre should await the presentation of an entire
revision of our naval system. And I will lieie
remark, that I should feel the greater confidence in
huch a code if it emanated from the Xoval Com-
mittee, in preference to the manner proposed
last Congress, and to be renewed at this, as we
are informed by the honorable chairman of the
Naval Committee, viz: " Thatit shall be the duty
'of the President to cause to be prepared a suit-
' able code of laws for the Navy, and submit the
'same to Congress, as soon as practicable, for
4 such further action as may be required." And
the honorable gentleman made the following re-
marks a few days since:
" The Nova! Committee did not feel itself authorized—
and. I think J may -n\. did not teel itself capable—of doing
justice to a ■-nhjpct oi tins kind. 11 is a great subject—one
ofiiie.it luteit^t—one lequnmg extensive knowh'dye, as
wet! as experience,on the pait of those who should under-
take to pie>enbe aeode of law-? lor the government of the
Navy. How could am of us. who have nevei cro:-st>d the
ocean, and who know muJmjg of the practical 'votk mis* of
the-e laws on boaul a slop, undertake to piepaie a code of
Jawsfoi the government ot the Navv ? Mow, it projier,
and I conceive it ]•* the only nroper mode, to call upon the
President to present the views of the Navy Department,
ami of Mteh officer* a* may he teqiured, to prcp.nv a eo<;.\
m order to aiter and ani^rul, it it may be nece^'tiy, and
jx;rfeet mto the shape of a law. a code which -dial! "be ei-
hictual lor the government of the Navy.'5
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from New Jersey will allow me to suggest
that this is a very imperfect report of my speech, i
My idea was. that these officers of the Navv might '
be called upon to suggest the punciple upon which j
the code should be prepared, and upon being pre- i
{ sented to Congress, it should then be perfected by
I committees, and by the action of Congress itself.
| Mr. PAUCE, 1 object to that course,
1 Now, 1 beg leave to entirely dissent from this
mode of obtaining a code of laws for the govern-
ment of the Navy, Pass such a bill, and what is
. the effect? The President, under the requirement
of the lav/, refers it to the Secretary of the Navy,
( The Secretary of the Navy, who knows no more
j about the practical workings of these laws on
, board a ship than the gentlemen composing the
Naval Committees of Congress, naturally refers
the subject to the officers immediately around
him, who are the old captains of the Navy,
and they digest a code which in time will be pre-
sented to Congress. This mode of obtaining a
! naval code I object to; for it is partial, and will
only represent one grade m the naval service, who
, are men accustomed to the old usages, and the
youngs ambitious, and progressive officer has no
' voice in framing a code governing a service under
which he is ambitious, and hopes some day to
gain renown. The talent of the sea officers of the
Navy to-day is in the jumov grades; and when I
say this, I do not mean to disparage the old naval
veterans; I only mean to say, they are not the
; men to prepare a code for navaf government.
Again  sir, under such a law the staff officers of
your Navy would not be consulted—officers of the
, highest intelligence and cultivation would not be
represented, and the result would be great dis-
satisfaction on the part of the whole Navy,
i causing great delay m the legislation, and in the
1 end a postponement or rejection. No, sir, the
I JNavy and the country expect Congress, through
! their committees, to frame the laws "winch are to
govern the Navy.
I beg leave to differ, most respectfully, from the
' committee as to any want of authority or capabil-
ity, on their part, to do justice to so great and in-
; terestmg a subject. They have the power, or if
. they consider they have not, this House will grant
i it to them, as a matter of special reference, of ob-
taining all the required knowledge and information
' requisite to prepare such a code. And no laws
emanating from any other source will be satisfac-
tory or acceptable. Let the different grades be
heaid; the old and the young. It is a great labor,
but one I trust the Naval Committee will not shrink
: from. It is the only way of reconciling all the con-
, iUctingopinions existing among the different grades
i of officeis, who are extremely tenacious as'to the
'action of officers or influence of any grade over
1 another m the framing of laws or regulations—
' particularly should the attention of the Naval Com-
mittee be diawnto the present mode of promoting
the officers, and the present system of enlisting
, the men; and also to assimilated rank and naval
umfoi m, now regulated by the Navy Department.,
winch arc sources of great annoyance and bad
' feeling between the sea officer arid the staff officer
of the Navy, and ought, in my opinion, to be reg-
■ ulntod by law. A late order of the Department,
entirely changing the naval uniform, is now a
source of great complaint and dissatisfaction.
1 The uniform is subject to constant change, as it is
changed almost as often as the head of the Navy
Department, which works a very great evil, and
gives great discontent, and great expense to the
officers, and should be fixed permanently by law.
■ 1 am informed that a board of sea officers drew
up the regulations for this change, and the staff
■ officers complain that they were not repr'sented,
and that they are depreciated, in a military consid-
. eration, by the new regulations.
But now, sir, I will proceed to examine this bill
now under consideration, in the view that it will
pass m some shape; and first, as neither bill nor
amendments meet my entire approbation, I will
give notice of the amendments I propose to offer
■ to the bill of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, as I infinitely piefer it to the bill that came
- from the Senate, or the amendment offered by the
honorable chairman of the Naval Committee, who
has so far changed his views, since the bill was
first introduced by him, of giving to the com-
' mander of a ship the discretion to punish without
control, as to reduce the punishments so conferred,
from thirty days'confinement to ten days'confine-
ment. This is a great falling otF; and if it is done
in the spirit of compromise, I regret I cannot meet
the gentleman and support his amended bill. But
I believe authority to punish more severely than
is contemplated by that amendment should exist
