2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 30,
me in a single remark. I moved a rail of the
House with no other object than to teach gentle-
men that it is impossible to force this House to do
business while fifty persons are determined they
«hall not do it. I made the motion for no other
purpose than to teach gentlemen that lesson, which
it seems hard for them to learn. If the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Seymour] had moved to
recommit the bill, there would hare been no ob-
jection to an adjournment. I now withdraw the
motion for a call of the House.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I now with-
draw the demand for the previous question,and
move that the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the Mouse do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at 11 o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 30, 1803.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the rule requiring
to-day to be devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate bills, be suspended until on.e o'clock, as I
wish to present a memorial.
Mr. HUNTER. J have no objection to devote
until one o'clock to the morning business, but I
shall then make a motion to suspend the order, for
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. CASS. If there is any particular reason
why private bills should be postponed, I will not
say a word about it; but unless there is some par-
ticular reason, it seems to me that we ought not to
postpone the consideration of private bills. It is
very late in the session, and a great many cases
demand our action immediately, which, if not
acted upon immediately, must be postponed till
the next session. But I repeat, if there is any
particular reason for suspending private bills for a
short time, I shall not object.
Mr. TOUCEY. My object merely is to present
a memorial, and ask its reference at this time.
Mr. PRATT. I hope there will be no post-
ponement of private bills; 1 hope we shall proceed
to the consideration of private bills at once, with-
out even devoting the morning hour to any other
business. We have notice already that at one
o'clock the Senator from Virginia will make a mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill; so that to-day will again be '
taken away from the object to which it should be I
devoted. 1 hope, therefore, the Senate will con-
cur with me in proceeding at once to the consider-
ation of private bills. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows: j
V KAS—Messrs. Un.vmd. Hrooke, Hurler, Cliaiiton, Coop- |
er, Davis Do Sau^-mrc, l>odi{o of Wisconsin, Dodge of i
Iowa, Dou<jla«, I'YIch. Foot, Ifimtor, Km«, MaiiKiitiuMa- 1
son, I'eaiee, Seward, Sonto, gprunncc, Toucoy, Upliam,
and Welier—-03.
MA Vri—Mevsrn. Atchison, Borlnnd, Hright, Cass, Olaike,
Clemens, Down*, Hamlin. Mallorv, Meriwether, Milloi.
Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Seba^uan, Sumner, Wade, and
Walker—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by i\lr. M. P. Fillmore, his Sec-
retary, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the S7th instant, a copy of
the notes of Mr. Luis de la Rosa and J. M. Gon-
zales de la Vega; which was read, and,
On motion by Mr. WELLER, referred to the
select committee appointed on the subject of the
United States Mexican Boundary Commission.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. TOIJCEY presented a memorial of .Tames
Hamilton, for himself, and in behalf of Sarah A.
Hunt, Ann Barnacastle, William S. Wetmore,
assignee of (he trustees of the Bank of the United
States, and others, praying Congress so to modify
the proviso of the boundary act passed 9th Sep-
tember, 1850, that the creditors of Texas may file
their releases separately, and receive the amounts
respectively due them hy the State of Texas.
On motion by Mr. Toucey, it was
Ordered, That the memorial be referred to a select com-
mittee, consisting of five members, to be appointed by the
President pro tempore.
Mr. Toucey, Mr. Soule, Mr. Foot, Mr. Ma-
son, and Mr. Sewaru, were appointed the com-
mittee.
Mr. BRIGHT subsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the memorial was referred
to a select committee; which motion was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of P. Wide-
man and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the " homestead bill" may become a law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a remonstrance of the citizens of Allegany
county, Pennsylvania, against the further exten-
sion of Wood worth's patent for a planing ma-
chine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of Truman
Gilbert and others, citizens of Connecticut, pray-
ing that the " homestead bill"may become a law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public I
Lands. !
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Connecticut, praying the passage of the "home- I
stead bill," which was referred to the Committee r
on Public Lands. i
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of the
laborers employed in the State Department, pray-
ing an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHARLTON presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Savannah,
Georgia, praying that an appropriation may be
made for surveying the Chinese seas and the whal-
ing region of the North Pacific; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of Henry
Johnson, executor of PhiloB. Johnson, deceased,
praying indemnity for spoliations committed by
the Mexican authorities on the schooner Consti-
tution, of which the deceased was master; which
was referred to the select committee appointed on
the subject.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of J. J. B.
Walbach, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying re-
payment of his expenses in returning home, sick,
from the United States ship St. Mary's, on the
Pacific station; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND. I present the petition of a
large number of merchants and other respectable
citizens and professional men, residing at Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and that region of country, pray-
ing the establishment of lines of mail steamers
between Louisville and New Orleans, connecting
the shallow and deep navigation at Memphis. The
object sought by the petitioners in this case was
presented to the Senate by myself, a month or
two ago, and the subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. That
committee has reported a bill accomplishing the
object in view. I will not, therefore, ask a refer-
ence of the memorial, butmove that it be received
and laid on the table. I wish merely to say to
the Senate, that at a very early day I shall move
to call up that bill which has been reported by the
committee, and ask the action of the Senate upon
it.
The petition was laid upon the table.
"REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Mrs. Mary A. Davis, widow of Daniel W.
Davis, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to repeal an
act entitled "An act concerning tonnage duty on
Spanish vessels," reported it back without amend-
ment; and on his motion the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, of the 1st of April, relating
to the subject, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON". The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to which were referred the President's
message of the 28th instant, and the documents
accompanying it, concerning the right of way
across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, with a view
to examine into the propriety of printing them,
have examined them as far as practicable, and in-
structed me to say that, in their judgment, it
would be desirable to print all the documents;
they are not voluminous. I move, accordingly,
that the President's message and the documents
accompanying it, relating to the Tehuantepec
treaty, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE BO0SS-
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. P. B. Haye-s, its Chief
Clerk, announcing that it had passed a bill for the
relief of Cornelius Covert, of Michigan.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LAWS AND DEBATES
OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PEARCE. 3 am instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Library, to which was referred
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives " providing for the distribution of the laws
of Congress, and the debates thereon," to ask
that they be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 1 will
state for the information of the Senate, that though
the title of the resolution seems to bringit within the
cognizance of the Joint Committee on the Library,
the subject-matter does not. It is a resolution which
provides that the Congressional Globe, in which
the laws and debates of Congress are reported,
shall pass through the mails free of postage. The
subject-matter of if properly belongs to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. There-
fore I am directed to move that the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better put the
joint resolution upon its passage. The Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, supposing-
the matter would have been referred to them,has
given it a consideration and it meets their appro-
bation. I apprehend there can be no objection to
it. I move that it be put upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be put upon its
passage in this stage of the resolution. The ques-
tion is on discharging the Joint Committee on the
Library from its further consideration, and refer-
ing it to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I-ask a division of the
question; first that it be taken on discharging the
Joint Committee on the Library,
The PRESIDENT. The question will be di-
vided. Will the Senate discharge the Committee
on the Library from the further consideration of
the resolution ?
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be now put upon its passage; and for that
purpose I move to postpone all prior orders that
the Senate may proceed to the consideration of
the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. " it is as follows:
With a view to thecheap circulation of the laws of Con-
gress and the debates contributing to the true interpretation
thereof, and to make free the communication between ihe
representative and constituent bodies :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That from and after the present session of Congress the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, which contain the laws
and the debates thereon, shall pass free through the mails so
Jong as the same «hall be published by order of Congiess:
Provided, That nothing heiem shall be construed to author-
ize the circulation of the Daily Globe free of postage.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me that the reso-
lution is of doubtful propriety. It is true that the
Globe, which it proposes to send free of post-
age, is not a political newspaper. It is true that
it publishes nothing but the debates of Congress,
and the laws which we pass. But, then, it is also
true that it is a private enterprise. Each House
of Congress subscribes for a certain number of
copies of the Congressional Globe, for the use of
their members. Those copies each member, as he
receives them, may frank, as he pleases; and we
do frank them. But it is proposed, now, that this
paper shall pass through the mails free to all sub-
scribers in every part of the country. Although
this work does not come into competition with
