1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
any other paper, it is very doubtful to me whether,
if we give this privilege to the Globe, we shall
not be importuned—and with some show of rea-
son, perhaps—to grant the same privilege to other
paper.""-. We shall be told that they are papers of
eminent public utility; that they are not connected
with politics at all. If it be not a public docu-
ment, I do not see how we can make the discrim-
ination without extending the same privilege to
other papers. £ think, perhaps, the Senate are
going a little too precipitately about it. My only
object in saying a word now, is to call the atten-
tion of Senators to it, that they may understand
what they are voting upon, and consider whether
it is altogether proper, I doubt it myself.
Mr. BORLAND, Mr. President, I am sorry
to have to differ in opinion from the Senator from
Maryland on this subject, but I think he has put
this resolution upon aground upon which it really
does not and should not stand. It is not a prop-
osition to give to the proprietor of the Congres-
sional Globe the privilege of circulating his paper
free of postage; but it is a proposition to dissem-
inate the laws which we enact here, and the dis-
cussions upon them, winch make up their true
interpretation, freely among the people, who are
interested in these laws, and in those discussions.
We am every day ordering the publication of pub-
lic documents, and we are circulating them by
thousands and hundreds of thousands, in the form
of books, all over the country. Now, sir, if it be
proper to circulate matter of that sort, which, by
the order of either House of Congress, is published
and deemed of interest to the people of the coun-
try, it must certainly be of equal, and I deem it of
far greater importance, to circulate freely among
the people the laws themselves, and all the discus-
sions which go to enable, or in any way help them
to interpret the laws—to understand them prop-
erly, in all their bearings, and the objects in view
in their passage. We are paying annually many
thousands of dollars for the publication of the laws
alone in the different States in the Union, in vari-
ous newspapers. I do not know how many thou-
sands we expend in this way, but it is a great
many. That is a very proper object upon which
to expend the public money. I would, if I could,
have the laws of the United States published in
every newspaper in the Union, so thatall the people
might see them, and fairly understand them. This,
then, is aproposition to carry out that good object.
St is not only to present freely and fully before the
people the laws, but all we say in regard to them;
not only to enable the people to acquire a thorough
knowledgeof the laws themselves, but to look to the
conduct of their representatives in the two Houses
of Congress, to enable them to see the considera-
tions which govern them,and be able to hold them
to a just accountability, so that it will not be in
the power either of the representatives themselves
to impose upon their constituents, or of those who
may choose to undertake to misrepresent the rep-
resentatives, to succeed in so base an object. It
will give a fair exposition before the people of the
country of the proceedings of their representa-
tives.
Mr. BUTLER. So far as regards the laws of
the United States, if they could be separated from
the debates in this resolution, I concur entirely in
the views expressed by the Senator from Arkansas.
But, I object to allowing a private newspaper go
free of postage, because it publishes the debates.
My friend says that they are the key to the in-
terpretation of the laws. That ig not so, sir. If
I wanted to understand one of the laws of Con-
gress, I believe the last way in which I would
approach it, would be through the debates that
have nothing to do with it. Is it not notorious,
that one question is up, and another debated in the
other House, particularly, and sometimes in this?
I think the title of this joint resolution, had better
be one for the encouragement of public speaking,
and for the propagation of a great deal of bad
speeches. "I am satisfied, that the best thing which
is done in Congresses the speaking. If we were
to speak altogether, as I have heard a distinguished
man say, and pass no laws, I do not know but
what it would be the best employment of Con-
gress. But, it would be the very worst use of the
public money, to appropriate it for the purpose of
spreading and communicating this species of liter-
ature—a kind of literature very little instructive,
and, in my opinion, not much listened to in Con-
gress, and which, I think, ought not to be read
much out of it, except in a few instances. If we
had a censor, to circulate the few goo£ speeches,
I would be very willing to make this publication
of them. But, we cannot do that, I wish there
were no reporters. It wow id be better if there
were none. And, then let the newspapers, like
the bee, extract what is good, and exclude what
is badv Let the best editors come here and take
what they choose; but let not reports go out by
the wholesale, and be the vehicle for all sorts of
communications. If a man wants to publish a
treatise on any subject,—on the fisheries, or
whales, or whalebone, or anything else, all he
has got to do, is, to select his subject, deliver his
speech here, and it makes quite a little book, and
he may have it bound and published at the public
expense. Anyone who wants a theme, can select
it in this Chamber or m the other House,—take
any subject—chemistry, philosophy, &c., and
make his speech and publish it in the Globe, and
there is his book. I have only to say, that I
agree with my friend from Maryland, that I think
we ought to postpone this. 1 cannot agree to
extend, because I think it an abuse of our power,
the privilege of circulating that kind of matter free
through the mails.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate have seen fit to
adopt a system to provide for reporting the de-
bates. The House have adopted a similar sys-
tem. They have made contracts with the individ-
ual who publishes the Congressional Globe, and,
under those contracts, he is compelled to report
the proceedings of both branches of Congress. By
the existing postage law, those reports are exclud-
ed from the mail. They are absolutely exclud-
ed, unless the postage is paid m advance, at such
enormous rates as actually to exclude them. It is
not a newspaper. There is no description of that
paper m the existing postage law, which allows it
to go through the post office,exceptas printed mat-
ter paid m advance. If, then, there is importance
enough attached to the subject to induce Congress
to provide for the reporting of their proceedings,
I apprehend those reports should be circulated
through the country.
I attach somewhat more importance to them
than the Senator fiom South Carolina. I think,
however, much of evil may be attached to the ex-
cess of debate; but we should be very much worse
oft* if we were to circumscribe it, or stop it, which
would be virtually stopping, in that respect, the
freedom of speech. I hope the joint resolution
will commend itself to the favorable consideration
of the Senate, as it has to that of the House.
Having taken such steps as we have taken to pro-
cure reports, I think we do no more than justice
to the community by providing for the free dis-
semination of the debates through the mails. We
all of us need watching. I think, if we bring the
eyes of the people upon us, they will at least do
no harm. I think that very much good will arise
from the free and extensive dissemination of the
doings of both branches of Congress. I hope the
resolution wdl receive the favorable action of the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the proposition,
as I understand it, is to circulate, free of charge,
through the mails, the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, which contain the proceedings of Con-
gress. It strikes me that there are two decided
objections to the resolution. The first is, that you
should not only report and print, at the public
expense, the debates of Congress, but extend it
still further and circulate them free; because to cir-
culate them free of charge is to circulate them at
the public expense. I think we went very far m
calling upon the Treasury to pay for the reporting
and printing of the debates of the Senate, and
now, to circulate them at the expense of the Treas-
ury, seems to me to be transcending our proper
duty to the people we represent.
But there is another and even stronger objec-
tion. It is, that this resolution gives an undue
preference to the owners of that paper over the
owners of other papers. It must follow, if this
paper is circulated without charge, that it will in-
vite a subscription with which other papers can-
not compete. It will be lending the bounty of the
Government to benefit and enrich that paper. If
the objection exists, as the honorable Senator
says, that it cannot now be carried through the
mails like other papers, because it is not within
the class of newspapers provided for in the post-
age law, let the law be changed in that respect,
and malce it a newspaper. Further than that I
cannot go.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, there is one
view of this subject which induces me to vote for
the resolution. Thedebatesof the Semite are now
published in one party paper, the Union; and
they are published also in the Congressional
Globe. As far as one of the two great parties
of the country is concerned, its members are sub-
scribers to this party paper, and get the debates of
Congress; but the party to which lam attached
do not generally subscribe for it; and they are ex-
cluded entirely from perusing the debates of this
and the other branch of Congress,
Mr. BUTLKR. It is their own fault. The
Intelligencer had the same privilege and renounced
it.
Mr. PRATT. The gentleman says it is the
fault of the Whigs. I am sure there is no one
attached to the party to which I belong, who
would not have desired the Intelligencer to con-
tinue the publication of the debates. But its pro-
prietors have refused to publish them; and, there-
fore, there is now no Whig paper in the country
publishing in full the debates of this and the other
branch of Congress. That great portion, there-
fore, of the American people who are Whigs are
excluded, by the present law, from participating
in the advantages which the other party have in
seeing the debates.
There is another answer, I think, to the argu-
ment of my friend from Virginia. He says, that
it is giving an advantage to this paper over all
others. 1 do not look upon it in that light. This
paper is not like any other. It is not a party pa-
per, It contains nothing on earth but the debates
of Congress. It excludes everything else. It,
therefore, does not stand upon a footing with any
other paper. It is said, by the Senator from
Maine, who made the motion to take up the reso-
lution, and who is a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, that by the exist-
ing postage law, it cannot be sent through the
country, because the postage is so high; therefore,
none, or very few, subscribe to it; consequently,
we are paying the enormous expense of having the
debates published, and by the existing post-
age law, we exclude the people of the country
from subscribing to the paper. Now, I think it
will not be a very great incumbrance to the Post
Office Department to have this paper sent free of
charge; and therefore I shall vote for the joint
resolution with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator from Mary-
land is mistaken in regard to the Whig party not
getting the benefit of a report of the proceedings
of Congress. I think the most efficient reports
of the proceedings of Congress that are published
in this city are in the National intelligencer.
They contain the most information. They are not
so extensive, but they are drawn up with great care
and accuracy. They give an account of the pro-
ceedings, which the people will read. The reports
in the official papers are so long and go into such
details that the people will not read them, as they
will read those m the Intelligencer. I think the
reports of the Intelligencer are admirable. They
embody the proceedings of Congress, leaving out
a great many details which are not necessary. If
the honorable Senator from Maryland will bring
forward a proposition to compensate the editors
of that paper for the reports they publish, I will
sustain it. Those reports are much more con-
densed, and therefore are read more extensively
in the country. I think therefore that the objec-
tion the Senator from Maryland brings forward
is not sustained by the facts of the case.
Mr. PRATT. Will the honorable Senator
bring me a National Intelligencer, and show me a
debate? Except, perhaps, upon the question of
a war, which was alluded to the other day, I have
not seen a single speech of a member of this body
published in that paper. It may be that, accord-
ing to the view of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, the editors of that paper have been
making a selection, and that in their judgment
there has not been any speech made this session
by any Senator or member of the other House
worthy of dissemination among the people. But
it is certainly true that there has been no speech
of a member of this body published in that paper,
except upon the isolated question of the fisheries,
and of non-intervention; and I will state, as a fact
which cannot be overcome, that we pay about
