1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
some'.',-];:-!'!.1., on bo&rd skips cruising alone and ab-
sent a long time from the squadron, to preserve
proper discipline. This authority £ would give to
the summary court, as provided by the bill of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia. The amended
hill, therefore, is more objectionable than theSenate
bill, as it would fail entirely of its object. First,
then, I propose to repeal all the articles of the act
of 1800, entitled "An act for the better govern-
ment of the Navy," which empowers a captain of
a ship to inflict, of his own authority, punishment.
I do this, as some doubt exists as to the discretion
and authority which the commander of a ship has
of inflicting those cruel tortures alluded to by the
honorable gentleman of the Naval Committee from
Virginia. Under this act both bills are alike objec-
tionable, as neither repeal those barbarous punish-
ments that have been practiced under that law—
and there can be no objection to repealing a law
which might by possibility be construed to confer j
the authority "to inflict such monstrous punish- :
ments. That law repealed, I will propose a further ,
amendment, defining the authority of the captain, i
which shall be restricted to confining in irons,
or otherwise, for the space often days, the impo-
sition of extra duty; and also, if the offense is of
a very serious character, and deserving a greater
punishment than the summary court-martial is
authorized to inflict, to detain the man in confine-
ment until lie is tried by a general court-martial.
For offenses meriting punishment beyond the au-
thority of the captain, summary courts-martial may
be ordered. Against this system of courts-martial
on board ship, the honorable chairman of the Na-
val Committee, and his colleague on that commit-
tee, have raised several objections, which I will now
proceed to answer. They have ai s;ued that bring-
ing up a sailor on board ship before a court, and
confronting him with his judges, and permitting
him to argue with them and dispute with them,
would have a bad tendency. Now, I ask, sir,
has such been the consequence of geneial courts-
martial, which have been so long known and ac-
quiesced in? And would not such reasoning ap-
ply as well to a general court as to a summary
court?
The honorable chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee says this court-martial, on board of a ship,
will be but a mockery. This is a broad declara-
tion, and one that I meet by just as broad a dis-
sent and denial. 1 believe that those courts would
have a most beneficial and conservative influence
on board ship. The honorable gentleman wants
to leave the responsibility undivided with the cap-
lain, and says that the members of the court are
not responsible for its decision, except by im-
peachment. The bill provides that the court shall
consist of three commissioned officers; a record
of their proceedings is to be kept, and the pro-
ceedings to be conducted under such forms and
rules as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy. Now, I ask, is not each member of a
court quite as responsible, and as likely to admin-
ister justice, as a captain ? They are officers hold-
ing tiie same commission as a. captain, and in every
degree as responsible: iiifluenced by the same high
honor and consideration, and equally desirous of \
sustaining good discipline, and their decision is
also subject to the approval of the captain. I am
opposed, sir, and make the most positive and j
direct issue with the gentleman, upon the policy
of giving the sole power into the hands of the cap-
tain, to punish on board ship. I prefer to divide
the authority. I am willing to give the captain
power to a certain extent. It is right that he
should have power to meet, promptly, any insub-
ordination or breach of discipline; but when you
come to severe punishments, it is better that that j
authority should be divided. It is only in con-
sonance with the spirit of our institutions. As
to the impracticability of organizing courts upon
some of the small vessels, urged by the honorable
gentleman, on the ground that the officers are not
on board, required to form it, such a case could
scairely arise; and if it should, the captain can
carry tiie offender to the squadron, as is now the
custom. This is no difficulty m the working of
the system.
Again, the gentleman has assumed that sum-
mary courts-maitial are unmilitarv, and therefore
inapplicable to the Navy, as a military establish-
ment. 1 contend, on tne contrary, that couits-
martiil are essentially military. The Army, tor
listance, have a garrison court, which assimilates
with the summary couit proposed by this bill;
and during the Mexican war, in the city of Mex-
ico, General Scott established military commis-
sions, which was a court composed of three offi-
cers, for the trial of military offenses, which was
found to work well; and there never was stricter
military discipline maintained in the Army or the
Navy than was maintained in the city of Mexico
during its occupation by our troops. Now, I ask
the honorable chairman whether he thinks the
three officers, as a board, were as capable of doing
justice as one of the generals of division? He
may prefer to yield to General Scott, the hero of
so many battles, to myself. Military and naval
discipline is necessary. No one feels this more
sensibly than 1 do. No one is more tenacious of
the honor and glory of our military and naval
character. The powers of commanders must be
limited to a ceitain degree of authority, and be-
yond that let it be shared by officers equally capa-
ble and responsible. Power often makes men
tyrants; there is always danger of abuse when
unlimited, and it is tins that we want remedied.
Summaiy couits were pioposed by the naval offi-
cers, and they presented a bill with that provision;
but the honorable gentleman says it was not from
choice. This is strange, that a board of oilicers
should propose a system that has been character-
ized by the honorable chairman of the committee
as a mockery, and impracticable; for he contends,
in another part of Jus speech, that they are the
source from which the Navy ought to draw a code
of laws for its government; he ought not to inval-
idate his own witnesses.
In regard to the last section of the bill fiom the
Senate, which provides for an asylum and half-
pay for life, this section so greatly extends any
pension law now existing, that I shall oppose it.
To furnish an asylum and half-pay at the same
time, is so far beyond what has ever been done,
that whilst I have as lively an interest in the wel-
fare of the sailor, and am as anxious to see him
well and comfortably provided for as any person
can be, still 1 think it best not to change the present
regulations of the asylum. The rewards provided
for good conduct is a most admirable feature, and
are the same m both bills, and cannot fail to meet
the sense of the House, the Navy, and the coun-
try. It will prove a valuable stimulus to good
conduct, and a strong inducement for men to re-
enlist. A man that has been one cruise, in the
Navv, is worth much more than one that has not.
It is "very important to retain men in the naval
service, and the country can well afford to give a
bounty as an inducement for men to return and
remain in the Navy. In the numerous objections
which I have urged against the bill reported by
the honorable Chairman of the Naval Committee,
I hope nothing I have said can be tortured into a
reflection upon the action of that committee; for I
mean to accord to the honorable chairman, and
every member of that committee, full credit for the
industry and labor that they have bestowed upon
naval subjects, and for the zeal and anxiety they
have manifested to have them acted on. In con-
clusion, I hope that whatever judgment the House
may come to on this subject, that they will give
the further instructions for an entire new naval
code, to be prepared and presented to this House,
a system that will elevate the moral standard of
American seamen, and teach them to know that
degradation is not ill the punishment, but ill the
offense or crime which renders it necessary.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, this is a matter
that lias occupied the attention of the House during
the morning hour for a long tune, and being de-
sirous of reaching reports from committees, I call
for the previous question.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is a motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special older now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr CABLE. i then submit that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 ask mv friend from Indiana
to withdraw his call, in older that I may submit a
few remarks upon this bill, made necessary by
what fell from my colleague [Mr. Bococic] a few-
days ago. In some respects what I wish to say
may almost be called personal explanation. _
Mr. FITCH. I would withdraw my motion to
permit the explanation bythe gentleman from "V ir-
gmia, [Mr. Millsok,] as I understand it is some-
what of a personal character, but I am appealed to
by others to withdraw it for them; and if 1 yield
to one, I must to all. I must, therefore, decline
altogether to withdraw it.
Mr. MILLSON. If my colleague were here
there would be less necessity for my speaking, for
1 am sure he would himself admit that some of
his statements were too broad, and did me injus-
tice, though, of course, without any intention to
do so-, but he is not here, and I desire to make an
explanation myself. I do not wish to appear upon
the records of the proceedings of this House as
entertaining, without explanation and without de-
nial, the views-attributed to me. My statement
will not occupy more than a few minutes. If the
gentleman will withdraw his call for the previous
question, I will renew it.
Mr. FITCH. If the gentleman will promise
to renew the call, I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. In the mean time I must say
to the gentleman that lie cannot deprive the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cahi.k] of the right to the
floor to move, as he has done, that the House go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
t^e Union.
Mr. CABLE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I am perfectly willing to let
the matter go over until to-morrow, I still retain-
ing possession of the floor.
Mr. CABLE renewed the motion to go into
committee; which was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbaud in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
before the committee was upon the special order,
being House bill No. 7, for thepromotion of agri-
culture, commerce, manufactures, &c., and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Newto.v] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. NEWTON. I will for a few moments.
Mr. HALL. By the courtesy of the gentleman
from Ohio, 1 desire only to say, that I have com-
mitted to paper some remarks I had intended to
deliver to the House had I been successful in ob-
taining the floor for the purpose. I ask, instead
of occupying the time of the committee, to have
the puvilege of publishing my remarks.
[Cries of" Agreed !" "Agreed !"]
| Mr. Hall's speech will be found m the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. NEWTON then addressed to Committee
for an hour. He said that fiom 179G to the present
time the subject of an agricultural bureau has been
recommended to Congress by the Executive branch
of the Government. Nothing, however, has ef-
fectually been done. While other interests have
been sedulously guarded and liberally patronized,
agriculture, the foundation on which they rest and
grow, has been struggling alone, without being
acknowledged in the great relationship. We have
increased in population—from less than four mil-
lions of people we have grown to nearly twenty-
five millions. Our territory now stretches from
ocean to ocean and from a tropical sun to near the
polar regions, embracing various climates, soil,
and people from all nations, with intelligence gen-
erally disseminated. More than eighteen millions
of our citizens are engaged m the cultivation of the
soil. It is this which gives us national promi-
nence over every other people. In the course of
forty years our country will contain more absolute
fieeholders than all the rest of the world beside.
Improvement in agriculture is the strongest bond
of union; but its neglect is too palpable. The great
object of such a bureau as that which is proposed,
is to elevate the social condition of agriculturists.
At present the business appertaining to this class
is confined to a small apartment of the Patent Of-
fice; but it has no more connection with the Patent
(Iffice than it has with the War or the Navy Depart-
ment. The bill reported from the Commitee on
Agriculture, organizing an agricultural bureau, pro-
poses an outlay of 410,350; an inconsiderable sum
compared with the great and beneficent objects -
sought to be accomplished. He earnestly con-
tended that such a bureau is demanded by justice
as well as the vast interests involved. [Mr. N. s
Speech will be found in the Appendix.]
* Mr. RIDDLE,aftera few preliminary remarks,
said that the sooner we dispose of the unsettled and
uncultivated territory, the better it will be for the
