1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
public treasury and the people of the United States.
The sooner we donate the public lands to tiie States
for purposes of education, internal improvement,
or whatever else the constituted authorities may
direct, the better it will be f'-r the people ol the esuirs
country. He then referred to the question of party
politics; spoke in the highest terms of the Demo-
cratic Presidential candidates—Cass, Douglas,
Buchanan, and Butler, emd others—and condemned
the arraying of them the one against another by
their respective friends on this floor. Each and all
of them are worthy of the support of the Democ-
racy, and entitled to the confidence of freemen.
The Democracy, as represented in the Baltimore
Convention, will settle all the differences which now
exist. He paid his respects to theWhigs, who^e
policy he condemned; and he Maimed the passage
of the Compromise measures as the triumph of the
Democracy. [Mr. It.'s speech is published ri the
Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, who m-wed
that the committee rise.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 would Mate,
on behalf of the friends of this proposition, that
it is their desire to bring this debate to a close. I
know there are many gentlemen who desire to
speak, but we are anxious that this debate shall
be brought to a close at an early day. 1 suggest
that we continue the debate one hour longer
Mr. ALLISON. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Howard] to yield the floor to
me. I desire to leave this place to-morrow, and I
have been anxious for the last month to obtain the
floor, and speak upon this question, if the gen-
tleman from Texas would grant, and the House
would concur in it, I should like very much to
have about three quaiters of an hour to say what
1 wish upon this subject.
[Cries of " Agreed !'' "Agreed !"]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I would sug-
gest that the gentleman over the way [Mr. Alli-
son] may be allowed to speak tins evening, and
that, by common consent, the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Ho ward] be allowed to retain his
place in the morning.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, i withdraw
my motion that the committee rise.
Mr. OUTLAW. I should like it to be gener-
ally understood, that no business was to be taken
up in the House, after the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Amisom] shall conclude
his remarks.
[Cries of " Certainly not!" "Certainly not!"]
Mr. SUTHERLAND. 1 wish to underhand,
if these gentlemen who make this compromise be-
tween themselves, cut off other gentlemen who
have been waiting to speak here for some three or
four weeks'
Mr. ALLTSON. ft facilitates them.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. 1 want to umJeituutd
upon what principle u is made.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 rise to a question of or-
der. I do not wish to exiend to one gentlem-m a
privilege which is not extended to all; and i there-
fore object to the gentleman from Texas yielding
the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked if there
was objection, and hearing nom ,as.<]oncd tin5 floor
to the gentlemen from Pennsylvania, who n>nv
has the floor. The objection comes too late.
Mr. ALLISON nin:i addressed the Commm>e.
Hecontended that the lands belong to ail the Stales,
andconstitutea common fund, out which all should
receive an equitable portion. Eighty-four millions
of acres have been iriven to the new States, iff4
did not say that he compi.nned of thi«, but he
only asked that equal justice be rendered to the
old States. Pie thought that he might at last ask
for an approximation to justice f. r the old states.
He preferred the scheme of the greatest lnin^
statesman, (Mr. Clay,) with regard to thedisoo"
sition of the public lands. As to the lull under
consideration, iike the cme-ails and patent medi-
cines placarded, he feared it churned too much.
If the benefits which its title prommes could he se-
cured, the House should not hesitate to give this
bill their favorable consideration, and speedily
pass it. [Mr. A.'s speech is published in the* Ap
pendix.J
Mr. GROW moved that the committee rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed' to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Sneaker
ha\ing resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr. IXib-
B'VRd] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No. 7, being a
bill to eucourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by grant-
ing every man who is at the head of a family, and
a citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and cultiva-
tion of the same, for the period herein specified,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has been given, jtisabill to provide
against thecolhsion of steamers and sailing vessels
in the night.
Mr. FOWLER. I object. There was an un-
derstanding that there should be no business trans-
ited after the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Alli&ox] had concluded. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition^, memorials, &c , were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committee?.
My Mr. BOYVNE : The memorial ofE. Carrington Bow-
ers. in behall ut his mother, sole heir ol Efoenezer Sage,
deceased.
13 y Mr. EASTMAN" : The petition of 460 citizens of
VWcoiwn, tor jrrant of land:- to aid in the construction of
a. railroad from Chicago, in Illinois, to Janesville, in Wis-
consin ; ami branching at Janet-wile, to construct one bianeh
by \va> of Lake Winnebago to Lake Superior, and another
branch by way of Madison to Falls St. Cioix: ami that
Allen's Giove, m Walworth county, ma\ be named as a
point on said linn between Chicago and lane-will'1.
P y Mi. CHASTAIiV : Additional testimony on the claim
of kobei t Kirkham, of Cass county, Georgia.
Jly Mi.McXAIlt: The petition of nursdty citizens of
Monti'iuiieiy county, in the State of.Perinsjlvu.ma,in favor
of a modification ot the bounty html act.
lly Mr. ROBiUN.S: A memorial signed by Michael TV.
AMi and 16 other citizens of Philadelphia, county. Penn^yl-
\ ania. praying Congiess to modify the act of .September is,
lt%30} no as to place those soldiers who served in the war or'
lol2, the Indian wars, and oilier wars, of the Republic, on
a tooting with thr> recruits enlisted to go to Mexico ; and
thereby give to each soldier, for his- services, one hundred
and sixty acres of land. They say that Congiess should be
ju-t, betoie undertaking to be geneious,and not give away
the land to new settlers m the country, before providing for
tho^e, oi their representatives, that periled their live* to
give value to the public lands.
By Mi. 1 VPS : The petition ot Ehsha Camp, for aid in
completing a uulroad fiom SaekmN Harbor to Elh.sburg. m
Jeller.-on eountj .New York.
Bj Mi. KlN'C, of Rhode Island. The petition of Asa
Oiay and others, of Tixerton, Ithode f-innd, lor a buoy to
be placed on a sunken roc k in Xanaguacket channel.
By Mr. BARKER, ot Indiana: The petition of IJeiijamm
.MlC.ii ty, a^si-stant mar' hal of Lake county, Indiana, pray-
in<r additional compensation for taking the census
By Mr. FLOltl-hVCl' : Tlie memorial ofHugh S- Steele,
Wm. C. K>hj, James A. Sawvei, Francis J. MeCatltej,
James Montgomery, and other practical prmteis of the city
ot Philadelphia, petitioning Congie^ to es.tabli.sh, by law,
a national printing odice.
Also, rise memonal of Chath's \Y. flawkiris and otheis,
citi/.en- of New Yoik, playing ioi tl.e extension of I'n
i'.jimrm- patent toi a planing machine.
By Mr. ii ART • The memorial oiChailes L. Banett and
othv > i itizen • or New Voi k, prayi!i2 for the e.uen-iion of
tlu- p-tieet of ("n Emmons ior a planing machine
IN SENATE.
Wkdxl^ay, Jlpril '21, 18;V3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. ivl. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Second Auditor <-f the
Treasury, nan^mitting, m compliance with the act
of 30th June, 1834, copies of such accounts as
}ujvp been rendered by persons intrusted with the
disbursement or application of moneys, goods, 0I"
effects, for the benefit of the Indians, for the two
fiscal years ending 30th June, 1S50, and the 30th
June, Idol; which was read and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affair*.
A^o, a report of the {Secretary of the Treasury,
relative to the disbursement of the appropriations
made for locating life-boats, &c., on the coast of
the United States; which was ordeied to be laid
on the table and printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate for inform-
ation relative to the use of the marine hospitals
of the United States for other purposes than the
relief of sick and disabled seamen; which was
read and ordered to be laid on the table and print-
ed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
! Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of the as-
j sistant marshals for taking; the Seventh Cnmus .ii
! the northern district of Mississippi, praying ad-
| ditional compensation; which was ordered to be
: laid on the table.
| Mr. MORTON presented a petition of mechan-
: ics, planters, merchants, and others, ciczens of
; Florida, praying that a ship-of-war may be built
r at the Pensacola navy-yard, and that measures be
1 taken to prepare that navy-yard for the construe-
1 tion, equipment, and repair of all classes of ves-
; sels-of-war; which was referred to the Committee
i on Naval Affairs.
; Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of members
| of the Legislature of Massachusetts, remonstra-
I' ting against an extension of Wood worth's patent
!j for a planing machine; which was referred to the
ij Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
!: Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Ottawa county, Michigan, praying the establish-
;; ment of a mail route from Grandviile to Holland;
i which was referred to the Committee on the Post
I, Office and Post Roads.
i: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
■' of citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, praying; that
i further aid may be extended to Collins's line of
steamers; which was ordered to be laid on the
i table.
j Mr. UNDERWOOD presented additional evi-
j: dence m favor of the claim of William Meredith;
!' which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
(| tionary Claims.
' collins's line of steamers.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have a resolution of the
■ Board of Commissioners of the incorporated dis-
■ trlct of Northern Liberties, of the county of Phila-
1 delphia, on a very important subject. Jt reads as
follows:
''Jlebolced, (a  the «en^e of this Boaid,; That tiie appro
pnation, by ('<ni<>f ess, ot the sums of money pi a1, ed tor to
endow the Collin^ steamers <y New Yoik. and «imiiar pio-
ject-!, to pamper the ovei growth of that citj, witn hcrdtctv
|j tion to tiie ro.-it ot ths country, could he better ppent in aid-
|i mg to build the Sunbtiry and Kne railroad, eonneciing- the
|j Lakes with the Atlantic—a route which will secure an
!i early spring: and late tall transportation; and that our Rep-
, j rerfentatives be requested to urge such aid being o.vtended.1'
I The PRESIDENT. Is the resolution addressed
j| to the Senate :
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is addressed to their
Representatives, and I am requested to present it
[ | to the Senate. It raises the question whether it is
: proper for Congress to be making such large ap-
|. propriations for the benefit of the external foreign
! commerce, to the prejudice of the internal com-
merce of the country. I move that the resolution
he upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive it,
although it is not a paper which properly comes
before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I think there was a doctrine !a;d
down upon that subject, at the last session, that
tiie proceedings of meetings which were not ad-
dressed to Congress, nor to the Sena!", shou'd n,->t
he received.
■ The PRESIDENT. The- Chair stated to tU
honorable Senator that it wa^ not a paper propei
to be presented to the Senate, inasmuch an it w"^
not addressed to the Senate, but simply a reoiK--t
. to Representatives in Congress to p.-escnt u.
However, if there is no objection, it will simply
be received and laid on the table-.
: Mr. BRODHEAD. The matter to whh.h it re-
lates is before the Semite.
The resolution was laid on the table.
: REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTERS.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the
memorial" of the children and heirs-at-law of Na-
thaniel Leavitt, asked to he discharged from tne
further consideration of the same, and thot leave
be granted to withdraw the petition; which was
agreed to.
"Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
! vote Land Claims, to which was referred resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan m relation to
claims to lands of Joseph Sansfacon and others,
■ reported a hill authorizing a certain class of pri-
i vate land claimants to file their claims with the
] register and receiver at Detroit, Michigan, for
