228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
the country during the revolutionary wan
she is now eighty-three years old; and that in
view of the facts before the committee, they have
deemed it proper to report a bill for her relief. _
Mr. FELCH. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions, what princi-
ple is involved in the bill; whether by passing it
we shall not be extending pensions to a class of
cases which have never been recognized by us
. % heretofore; and whether there are any special cir-
cumstances which require a departure from the
rule? .
Mr. CLARKE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions will allow me to state the pe-
culiar circumstances of this case, I will do so. On
the 22d of December, 1775, more than six months
before the Declaration of Independence by Con-
gress, it is known that a naval force was fitted out
in this country, which went upon a cruise and
finally took possession of the Island of New Pro-
vidence, and brought to the country a large
amount of the munitions of war. That naval
force was fitted out in the waters of Rhode Island;
and I may be allowed to say that in my own
veins runs the blood of one of its commanders.
A selection was made of the' most able, expe-
rienced, and gallant men that could be found to
officer the vessels of the force. Small as those
vessels were, imperfectly fitted as they were, the
most gallant men that could be selected were got
to command them. Among the appointments
made—and it is upon the very earliest record of
your Government—was that of Jonathan Pitcher,
a man whom I myself knew, and who had the
universal reputation of being one of the most gal-
lant, patriotic, and daring men that had entered
into the service of the country, either on sea or on
land. He was one of those men who did not look
for his pecuniary reward from the Government.
He went into the service from a warm and
earnest zeal to sustain the Declaration which had
been made by his country. He continued in the
service as long as the naval force was sustained
by the United States; and in that, as well asm the
privateering service, did his whole duty to annoy
and destroy the commerce of the enemy. While
he was in France, and lieutenant on board the
ship Providence, which was commanded by John
Paul Jones, Dr. Franklin, I believe, after John
Paul Jones had concluded, on account of some
other engagement, to leave the vessel, put it under
his command to bring it back to the United States.
Perhaps in the Navy there might have been found
a more accomplished man—he was rough, but
honest; perhaps there might have been a more
accomplished gentleman, but there was not one
who entered into it more zealously, and did more
effective seivice. lie made no claims against his
Government. He lived and died in an humble
situation. He always said that his services were
offered to his country, because of love to it and to
liberty. He asked no pension for himself, nor
any, during his life, for any one connected with
him. During the last year, this aged daughter of his,
who is his only surviving child, at the advanced age
of eighty-three, came to me, and stated to me her
totally destitute situation. She had nothingwhat-
ever but the recollection of the debt that was due
from her country to her father, who so gallantly
exposed himself m defence of its liberties, and she
did hope that the Congress of the United States
would give her this little pittance, which would
make her comfortable for the remaining days allot-
ted to her here. That is the situation of this lady;
B aged and infirm as she is, she cannot long be a
l| tax to this Government, or to any one else in this
world. She is now perfectly destitute; and if the
services of her father, during the revolutionary
war, tlo not entitle her to this small recompense
from this Government and country, which has
now grown so strong and rich, I know not
what appeal can be made either to our justice or
sensibilities. There is the whole case, sir. If
any objection can possibly be made to this allow-
ance, I shall be glad to hear it.
Mr. FELCH. I have no doubt of the state-
ment made by the Senator from Rhode Island upon
this subject, both as to the meritorious services of
the father of this applicant and her poverty. I
asked the question of the chairman of the commit-
tee which has been answered by the Senator from
Rhode Island, What is the principle involved in
this bill? Now, I have no objection to going as
far as any one in providing liberally for those
officers and soldiers who have served in the various
■wars,in which this country has been engaged; but
it seems to me that this bill is adopting an entirely
new principle, which has never been applied either
in the naval pensions or in the army. Naval pen-
sions commenced about the year 1800, when a
special fund was set apart for the purpose of pay-
ing them. Various laws, very liberal—so liberal
as to have absorbed that fund, as I understand—
havebeen passed at various times, naming the differ-
ent classes of individuals who were to receive them;
but there was never a law passed which embraces
a case of this kind. All the provisions which
havebeen passed embracing widows and children,
only apply to those cases in which the father or
husband died in the service,, or of wounds or dis-
ease incurred in it. That is not this case. This
would be a departure from the established rule.
None of the laws which embrace widows and
children have gone so far as this. They embrace,
in most instances, the widows, or where they em-
brace children, it is only those who are minors; and
then they are, most of them, for five years and for
children less than sixteen years of age. The ques-
tion now is, are we prepared to depart from the
established rule? If we are prepared to depart
from it in this instance, I am prepared to act upon
a general bill to depart from it in all cases. This
is, no doubt, a meritorious case. There can
scarcely be any cases arising from the revolution-
ary war that can be characterized in any other
manner than as highly meritorious. If we are to
adopt this principle, I am prepared to act upon a
proposition of that kind; I am prepared to go for
it if it is advisable and right to do so; but I am not
prepared to single out this individual case and
apply it to it.
We had this same principle proposed here in
regard to army pensions at the last session of
Congress—a principle to extend it to children, and
carry it beyond the provisions of the laws. It was
first presented in the way of a general provision,
or law, adopting that principle as a general pro-
vision. I had the curiosity—and I did it in the
performance of what I considered my duty—to
inquire at the Pension Office to see how far that
principle led. I ascertained that, if it was carried
out, we should adopt a provision which would re-
quire us to pay something like half a million of
dollars from the Treasury. I take it that almost
every man who looked at that bill without making
inquiry, would have felt astonished, as I did, if he
had traced it put in the same manner, and found it
to involve a principle of so much importance. And
now, before we adopt the principle here m regard
to navy pensions, I am disposed to look into the
matter, at least so far as to call attention to the
principle which we are adopting, and ask that, if
we adopt it, we may do it by a general provision
of law, and not by a special provision in an indi-
vidual case.
Mr. CLARKE. I certainly have no disposition
to follow the honorable Senator through his re-
marks about a principle of winch we have heard a
great deal lately. Eut he asks, upon what princi-
ple is this bill to be passed ? 1 simply answer,
upon the principle of humanity.
Mr. MANGUM. And justice.
Mr. CLARKE. Yes, sir, and justice, too; I
thank my friend for his suggestion.
Mr. BORLAND. And national gratitude.
Mr. CLARKE. Justice to an old and faithful
revolutionary servant, who has left this daughter,
his only posterity, in a destitute situation. That
is the principle, and you never need fear that the
Congress of the United States will be swayed
from its propriety by such a principle too often or
to too great an extent. The Senator, in speaking
of the bills which have heretofore been passed,
says that they were confined either to the indi-
vidual who performed the service, to lus widow,
or to his children who were notabove sixteen years
of age. I simply answer the gentleman, that this
j poor old lady has arrived at her second childhood.
I can conceive of no stronger appeal to present
to the Senate of the United States than to ask this
pittance for this poor old decrepit lady, who is
suffering from paralysis and has nothing to sup-
port her—a lady who is the only surviving child
of one of the bravest men who ever trod the
quarter deck of a ship of the United States,
whether in the l evolutionary or any other war.
She, herself, destitute as she is, reluctantly asks
this small pittance from her country as evidence
of its appreciation of the services of her father.
I trust the Senate of the United States will not
refuse the request.
Mr. BRADBURY. After the appeal which
has been made by the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island to the sympathies of the Senate, I
feel, certainly, very great reluctance to the in-
terposing of any objection to the bill now under
consideration. But I do regard it as a bill involv-
ing a principle of very great importance. If we
pass it, we not only open' the door, but we take it
from its hinges; we declare that we will grant pen-
sions to the children of all those who served in
our revolutionary struggle—for almost every in- *
dividual who engaged m that struggle, whether
he acted in the capacity of an officer or private,
performed services of the most meritorous char-
acter. It is now proposed to take an insulated
case and pension a surviving child. I know no
reason why, if we do this, we should not do it in
every other case; and if we proceed in this manner
we shall soon have one half of the country pen-
sioned upon the Government. I regret, as I said
at the commencement, to interpose any objection
to the bill after the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island; but I am not prepared to
vote for a bill upon the principles of humanity
alone, for I think that we'cannot as legislators
justify ourselves in acting upon that principle.
We must have some principle beyond that of gen-
eral benevolence, because we are not sent here to
dispense alms. I hope that a bill of so much im-
portance will receive the attentive consideration
of the Senate, and with a view of having an op-
portunity of further considering it, I will move
that it lie upon the table, in order that it maf be
called up again afterwehaveconsidered it further.
I do not make this motion for the purpose of hav-
ing a test vote, but simply to give further time for
an examination of the bill.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the honorable Senator
do me the favor to withdraw that motion?
Mr. BRADBURY. Certainly, if the Senator
will renew it.
Mr. CLARKE. I would merely say that this
is one of those cases in which any delay is denial.
We all know how long it would take to get
through the other House. Once more I will say,
that if her father, who served his country so faith-
fully and so well, had been living, he would have
been entitled to a pension. That father has died
and left this his only child, whose only inheritance
is her father'sgood name, his blood, and the claim
he had upon his country; and upon this she asks
for a slight pittance to ease her lot, which will not
be long upon earth. I have no more to say, but
renew, according to my piomise, the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to—there being on
a division, 17 yeas and 17 nays.
Mr. PRATT. I would like to have the yeas
and nays on that bill. The effect of the bill, as I
understand it, will be to extend the pension laws
to the children of deceased soldiers or officers.
Now, sir, I can readily comprehend the results if
the Senate are disposed to act upon the principle
avowed by my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Clarke.] They did act upon it the other day
with reference to the widow of Genera] Worth.
If I had voted affirmatively on that occasion, I
should vote now with my friend from Rhode
Island. But having voted against that proposi-
tion, and looking upon it as a matter of principle
involving a large amount of money, I ask the
yeas and nays, that we may see who are disposed
to extend the pension laws as far as the principle
of this bill does.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the yeas and nays were ordered
upon the question of ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say one word in favor of the bill. I have
often heard it said upon this floor, that the pas-
sage of a bill of this sort established a principle
which would require us to extend the pension
laws. I d« not think that that follows as a conse-
quence at all. It is not true, in fact, that we, by
a bill of this sort, determine to extend the benefits
of the pension laws to all the children of persons
who have served the country in the Army or
Navy in the revolutionary war, or any of the
wars in which we have been engaged. It simply
provides for the application of the benefits of this
