1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
investigation; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of James
G. Bell, praying to be permitted to enter certain
school lands" in Louisiana; the petition of Charles
P. Colston, praying the location of certain bounty
land warrants; the proceedings of a meeting of
citizens of Marion county, Illinois, in favor of the
enactment of a law granting the right of preemp-
tion to actual settlers along the line of the Illinois
Central Railroad; and the petition of John L. Sul-
livan, piaying that one half of the gold produced
by working the mines on the public lands in Cal-
ifornia be set aside for certain purposes, submitted
adverse repoits on the first three: which were or-
dered to be printed, and that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the last-
meutioned petition; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred two memorials of
citizen-? of Philadelphia, praying the construction
of a ship-canal around the falls of the River St.
Mary, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Cairns, to which was referred resolutions of
the Legislature of Louisiana in favor of a donation
of land°for the use and benefit of the Pine Grove
Academy, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of the Pine Grove Academy;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition
of George Morris, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. DAVIS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution authorizing the closing of the accounts of
certain officers of the Army; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GEYER. agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to pro-
vide for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river and the navigable waters leading
into the nme: which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRADBURY, by unanimous consent,
risked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to in-
corporate the proprietors of the Washington Cem-
etery; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
civil orncERS is new mexico.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Raoived. Th.itthe tfcrietary of War hi- diiectfdto report
to the Senate the number of chit officers employed in the
TeriUOiy of .Ww Mexico, while tile same was under mili-
l.irv L'ovWnment; by what authority tiu-j were appointed;
the'ir names, and the amount of salary allowed to each; .
now ion'.r they lemained irtotnee; what amount was paid j
t.i, and what is stilt due to each of them ; and why the same ,
is not paid to thent out of the balance in the Treasury, he- |
longing to the Mevican military contribution fund.
bills passed. !
The following joint resolution and bill were j
severally read a third time, and passed: !
Joint" resolution for supplying arms to the'
"Washington Yagers," and the "Washington;
Boone Rnlemen," in theDistrict of Columbia; nnd ;
An act confirming the claim of the heirs of Jo- j
f-eph Thompson, deceased, to a tract of land m j
Missouri. j
non-intervention'. [
and will postpone my remarks upon the resolu-
tions until such time as the Senate may suggest.
I am ready to go on to-day; but I know that the
chairman of the Committee 011 Finance is anxious
that the deficiency bill should be disposed of, and
I therefore waive any claim which 1 have to the
floor.
The motion to take up the joint resolutions was
agreed to; and then, on motion of Mr. Hunter,
the further consideration of them was postponed
until Wednesday, the 28th instant.
THE CUMBERLAND DAM. ;
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As fifteen minutes re- !
main of the morning hour, I hope the Senate will .
oblige me by devoting that time to the considera- j'
tion of the Cumberland dam bill; and I promise i
that I will waste 110 time by debating it. It has
been under consideration here for years, and I feel J
pretty sure that we can dispose of it 111 fifteen j|
minutes. ||
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ken- I
tucky will not oppose the motion which I now tj
make to take up the deficiency bill. j|
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It will come up at the ;
regular hour. There are yet fifteen minutes re- '
! mainingof the morning hour, and 1 hope they will i
not be occupied with the consideration of the de-
ficiency bill. :
Mr.'HTJNTER. If I thought the bill proposed
to be taken up by the Senator from Kentucky 1
could be disposed of in fifteen minutes, I would
make no objection, and would not persist in my j
motion. But I fear it will lead to lengthened de- j
bate, and interfere with the deficiency bill. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senator from Vir- j
gima will not persist m his motion, I will agree
that if this bill is not passed in that time, I will j
move its postponement. 1
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; then I withdraw i
I my motion. |
j The question was then taken on the motion to :
! take up for consideration the " bill to provide for ;
j ' the repair and improvement of the dam at the
1 ' head of Cumberland Island in the Ohio river," |
; and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the Sen- ,
I ate as in Committee of the Whole, and will be
The bill provides that the sum of $50,000 be
: appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, under the di- j
rection of the Secretary of War, for the repair and J
improvement of the Cumberland dam in the Ohio '
1 river.
I Mr. HAMLIN. I believe that bill has been .
: refeired to 110 committee. I know that the Sena-
tor from Kentucky will inform us that the Senate t
and the country are so well apprised of the char- ,
acter of the bill, from their long acquaintance with
it, that it requires 110 reference to a committee;
' but if we are now to depart from the rule, I would
! like to know why, when appropriations for specific
objects, with respect to which the Senateisas well
7 • 1 . ... it.:.. ♦l.rt-.r c.l./Milrl ii/ t 11P
te me nunioer U1     , - . advised as in this case, they should not also be
IWw Mexico, wliile the same under mill- j nut on their passage without leieience to a com
annnmtcii: i:mittecr It is a depart uie from the rule to take this
measure from among those which are presented
to Congress for its action; and is such a departure
from the course that the Senate has pursued in
other cases, that would, justify the Senate iti lefus-
ins; to act upon it at this time.
Air. UNDERWOOD. I will answer simply
that the bill is word for word the same as a bill
which passed through the last Congress,and .hen
went through all the regular forms of leference to
a committee. I think any further reference useless
and unnecessary; but if the bill is liable to objec-
tion on that ground, I hope that the Senator will
himself move the reference to the proper committee.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 hope me bill will not
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, or any
~\T- HUNTER I move to take up the joint : other committee, but that it may be passe now .
resolu'iions'ofoied' by the Senator from Rhode j The bill lis* oncepassedtheSenate ^^
i a c, .Bvp 1 i>-i relation to non-interven- \\ and nays, by a majority of three 01 four \ ,
.aUr.o , L • - '  / • t0 postpone them - and on that occasion the Senator irom Mississipp ,
ton, tor the purpose of s^cfed ?or i: one of the most strenuous opponents of the system
of internal improvements, said t.iat tins wa.i an
isolated case, that the Government put the ob-
struction m the river, and ought to remove u, as
the whole of the commerce of that country was
suffering from the obstruction. I hope the Senate
till next Wednesday. To-day was selected^ tor
ralnns; thorn up, by the Senator from Pennsyiva- |
nia, who hat the floor upon that subject; but he j
has told me that he will give way, to allow us to i;
no on with the deficiency bill. h
" Mr COOPER. At the request of the Senator
frorn Virginia, who is very anxious that the de-
ficioiwy bill should be passed, I yield the floor, >i
will act upon it now.
Mr. ATCHISON.
right. Some few years since, an appropriation to
a large amount was made for the purpose of con-
structing this dam. The avowed object was to
deepen the channel of the Ohio river, so that boats
could ascend and descend with facility. But there
was a covert object, as I have heard. The deep-
ening of the channel was not the real object; it
was to throw the channel of the Ohio upon the
Kentucky side of the river, where the town of
Smithland is situated, at the mouth of the Cum-
berland river, for the purpose of building up that
town, more than for the purpose of facilitating tlie
navigation of the Ohio river. But it is a matter
of indifference, whether that was the real objector
' not. The obstruction was placed in the river by
this Government at a great expense.
' 1 desire, however, to have the bill corrected, so
i that the truth may appear upon its face. I desire
j that it may not be styled a bill to repair the dam,
] but a bill to remove it—to remove the obstruction
in the Ohio river—for this is the only improvement
i that can be made. I move to strike out the word
"repair."
I Mr. HALE, The title of the bill is not under
1 consideration.
Mr. ATCHISON. That word occurs in the
body of the bill, as well as in the title. It provides
, that the sum of $50,000 shall be placed in the
I hands of the Secretary of War, for the purpose of
| "repairing" the dam. That is the substance of
it now; but 1 wish the money to be appropriated
! for the purpose of removing the dam, and there-
i! fore I move to strike out the word "repair" and
insert the word "remove."
Ij The PRESIDENT. If the Senator will look
1 at the bill, he will perceive that it will be necessary
i to strike out other words. The appropriation is
; for the " repair and improvement" of the dam.
'i Mr. ATCHISON. Then I move to strike out
■ the words " repair and improvement," and insert
i the word "removal."
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that this bill
! will lead to much debate, and hence I ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to withdraw the bill,
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well, I consent,
; sir.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 hope not, sir. I
trust we will get, a vote on the bill.
1 Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot assent to the
amendment offered by my ftiend from Missouri,
ar.d I shall be able to show reasons why the
amendment should not prevail.
: Mr. HUNTER. Then, I hope the bill will be
! laid aside.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 will make a statement
i jn one minute, and then leave the matter. The
; object was as the gentleman supposed—to improve
the mouth of the Cumberland river, below the
island. There is a bar below the island, and by
concentrating the waters of the Ohio river at the
mouth of the Cumberland river above the head of
the island, you throw a volume of water over the
: bar at the head of the island, which makes the
1 navigation good up to the head of the island. If,
however, you do not concentrate the water at the
bar, and allow the Cumberland river to spread,
; it, will operate in such a way as to destroy the
navigation up to Nashville. That is one objec-
'"The other objection is, that the best channel for
i navigation has always been on the Kentucky
chute, and it is so now. I have myself been over
! it in low water in a steamboat, and this filling up
I the dam will make it altogether better. These are
the reasons why the gap in the dam ought to be
' filled up. instead of taking out the whole dam.
• Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Ken-
■ tucky have the kindness to inform me whether
any estimate has been made by the topographical
department in relation to the improvement, for
which he now asks an appropriation?
Mr UNDERWOOD. I do not know that any
, estimate has been made of the expense of taking
away the whole dam; I can, however, inform the
Senator, from personal observation, that it is more
than a mile in length; and if you take away the
■ whole of the rocks that you placed there, the ex-
pense will amount to hundreds of thousands of
; dollars. Nor has there been any estimate made,
that 1 know of, as to how much it wil <:ost to fill
the breach in the dam; but I think fif y
dollars will be sufficient for the purP«®-
Mr HUNTER. I move that the bill be now
mi. for jt jp
The Senator from Iowa is referred to the Committee on Commerce.
