1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
is nothing, so far as I have been able to discover
when 1 looked over the papers, which divested the
tide of the State, it is, as I understand it, the
property of the State as school land, and there-
fore it is not in the power of Congress to make a
different disposition of it and deprive the State. I
know there is a proviso in this bill which declares
that it shall not diminish the quantity of land taken
for school purposes. Of course we cannot divest
the State authorities without their consent, and
even if we should undertake to do so, the bill
makes rio provision as to the manner in which the
same quantity of land shall be taken elsewhere.
The difficulty arises from the want of power on
the part of Congress to make this disposition. I
regret that the question should have been brought
up to-day, because i have some memoranda on
the subject which I wished to present, and am
compelled now to state only my general recollec-
tion of the matter.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President,I am sorry that
the gentleman has not got his memorandum here.
He had it here when the subject was up before,
and 1 regret to say that it was totally erroneous,
and gave an incorrect representation of the whole
matter. I have looked into the papers since the
question was up before, and I see no reason to
doubt the propriety of the bill. The gentleman
does not understand this case as well as he would
have the Senate believe he does.
I must say once for all, that I consider it a little
extraordinary that, not only in this case, but in
many other cases reported on by the Committee
on Private Land Claims, the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands should take upon
himself to supervise their proceedings, and con-
sider that nothing should bedone on a case, unless
it came from his committee, if that course is to
be pursued, I suppose the gentleman had better
move to dispense altogether with the services of
the Committee on Private Land Claims. And now
to show with how much caution gentlemen of an-
other committee ought to interfere with the pro-
ceedings of a committee of which he has no knowl-
edge, 1 wish to point out to the gentleman, and to
the Senate, how egregiously he has mistaken the
whole case, when he comes in to correct the sol-
emn and formal action of another committee.
The f' Urn* has stated that this is an ordinary
case of { u nation—that here is a lot of land set
apart in the township as a school lot, and that
therefore it must be sacredly preserved as such,
and that Congress lias no power to dispense with
that rule, or to give it to the claimant in this case.
This is an imperfect statement of the case. The
true statement is this: That, under a special act of
Congress, passed m 182G, I believe there have been
selected in this particular township instead of one,
three school lots. By that act, in certain frac-
tional and other townships, the Secretary of the
Tr easury was authorized to make certain selec-
tions, so as to give the proper school authorities
in Louisiana certain lands. They made those
selections. In several townships various lands
were selected. In this particular township three
lots were selected. Sometimes through inadvert-
ence, or want of information, more lands were
selected than the township was entitled to. In
this particular case it was ascei tain ed, long after-
wards, that more than the quantity to which the
fractional township was entitled had been selected.
The petitioner here, who has settled on one of
those lot?, petitioned the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Walker, and after a formal investigation
of the matter, the Secretary took up the question
and decided that more than the legitimate portion
of this township had been selected, and that,
therefore, he would release, not lot sixteen, but
lot twenty-seven, which Bowmav claims, fiom
that reservation, and aliow him to perfect his pre-
emption. Now, is there anything illegal in that ?
Is there anything improper ill that? Was it not
competent for the Secretary of the Treasury to
undo an error which had been made before?
Most assuredly it was. It has been done in
other cases. After full examination he did re-
lease this land from the school reservation, and
allow Bowmar to go on and perfect his preemp-
tion.
But the gentleman is equally mistaken in the
law us he is in the fact. He says Congress has
i" ■ ; r,v;er to make such a release as that; whereas,
the papers here show that the very act of Con-
gress passed in favor of Carson did release the
township—the act of Congress d id release a portion
of the land, and gave a preemption rightto Carson.
That act of Congress released one of the three
lots from the same reservation which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, by authority, had previ-
ously released. Perhaps Congress has now grown
wiser than it has been heretofore, or, if we follow
the advice of the gentlgman, we shall grow wiser;
but this has been the practice pursued for many
years. There are many cases in which these
exemptions from reservation have been granted,
and especially in cases of this kind, where three
lots were selected instead of one. It is perfectly
competent to do it. Precisely the same thing was
: done by Congress for Carson, and was done by
j I the Secretary of the Treasury m relation to Bow-
mar. The only reason why Bowmar did not
perfect his entry in accordance with the decision
of tiie Secretary of the Treasury, made before the
passage of the act passed for the relief of Carson,
was that he did not apply to the Land Office be-
fore that act was passed.
A serious mistake which the gentleman made
when the subject was up before—as I understood
him, and his memorandum showed it—was that
the act of Congress for the lehef of Carson was
passed before the release by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The papers show that such is not the
fact; that this release was made befoie the pas-
sage of the act, and that if Bowmar had hap-
pened to apply to the Land Oilice earlier, he would
have been allowed to perfect his entry. He was
obliged to go to the Land Office, and before he did
go there, to perfect it according to the decision
winch was made, as the report states, the act was
passed. The decision of the Secietnry of the
Treasury was made in January, and the act was
passed m March, I believe. When he came to
the Land OiFice, lie found that the act had been
passed. The question again came before the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and he decided that, as
Congress had interposed, there was no power for
him to interfere.
Tins, then, is the state of the rase. The only
objection that existed in this case was removed
by the Secretary of the Treasury before Congress
passed the act ior Carson's relief. That act was
passed by Congress without any knowledge that
an application had been made to the Department
by Bowmar. It is evident that if Congress had
known the condition of things, it would not have
passed that act. The act of Congress in favor of
Carson, mentions this reservation, and the selec-
tion previously made. That would not have been
done if it had been known that the selection had
been set aside pieviously by the Secretary of the
Treasury, as the papers show that was done.
The whole case, then, is this: There were three
lots reserved for schools in this particular town-
ship. Bowmar, I believe, was the oldest settler,_
and certainly the one who obtained the consent ot
the people of the township, for the other party did
not obtain their consent. He applied m the regu-
lar manner to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Secretary released the reservation of one of
the school lots, and allowed him to perfect his
entry; but before the entry was actually perfected
Congress, without knowing anything on the sub-
ject, passed an act in favor of Carson. Now, I
suppose that the regular act of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in the discharge of his duty, is as
binding under the circumstances as the act of Con-
gress was. 1 do not dispute the authority of either ;
to release the land from this reservation, and I do
not think that either ought to be considered a nul-
lity. The object of this bill, therefore, is to place
these parties on the same footing—to continue the
release of this reservation which was made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and let Carson, it you
please, have the benefit of his act—place the par-
ties on an equal footing, and let the merits of the
case be contested before the courts.
There is no contest between the people of the
township about this matter. The contest is be-
tween Carson and Bowmar; and the object of the
bill is to place them on an equal footing, and then
they may go before the courts of justice, and have
their rights adjudicated. There can be no objec-
tion raised that the township will not consent, for
the papers show that the township has consented.
At any rate, there is a proviso m the bill that it
shall not be done contrary to their wishes. The
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] some
time ago, when the subject was up, made objec-
tion to the bill, but after investigation he has with-
drawn his objection, and thinks the bill ought to
pass.
Mr. CASS. I have very great respect for my
honorable friend from Louisiana, but it seems to
me that his remarks on this case are not charac-
terized by that comity towards my colleague \
which he usually displays towards his fellow-
members, and which we all ought to display.
He seems to censure my colleague for investiga-
ting a case upon which the Committee on Private
Land Claims have reported, and he talks about
revising their proceedings, as though any of us
were precluded by the report of a committee, and
had no right to investigate facts, and circumstan-
l ces, and principles connected with it. When any
j member of a committee investigates a case—and I
: feel as though I could do it in very few cases—
| and a member comes forward and takes upon him-
I self to look into it, and ascertain the law and the
j facts in regard to it, in order to guide our decis-
| ion, I am much obliged to him for it.
Let it lie remembered, in this particular case,
that my colleague is at the head of the Committee
on Public Lands; and between the subjects which
go before that committee and the Committee on
Private Land Claims there is very great connec-
tion; and when he deems it to be his duty, as
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, to
present his views with respect to the cases thus
brought before us, we ought all to be under obli-
gation to him. I am sure that my honorable
friend from Louisiana, on reflection, will take that
view of the case. The character of my colleague
is known to us all. There is not a member on
this floor who is not perfectly convinced in the
probity of his intentions. Although the Senator
from Louisiana is, no doubt, certain as to the
justice of his case, we who are dispassionate—we
who have had no peculiar cause to investigate it,
and no local feelings to act upon us—look upon it
as a question which is open to examination, and
I am sure the members of the Senate will be thank-
ful to my colleague if he has investigated it. I
have considered it my duty, under the circumstan-
ces, to advert to the remarks of my honorable
friend from Louisiana, in the hope that they will
not be repeated, under the circumstances, by any
Senator.
Mr, DOWNS. I am very sure my honorable
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who has just
addressed the Senate, if he knew the circumstan-
ces of the case as well as I do, would not have
said what he has said. It was not in regard to an
ordinary case that I made these remarks. This
is not the first, but the twentieth time, in which
this interference which I oppose has taken place.
I have heretofore let it pass by in silence. It was
not simply the interference in this case which
prompted me to make the remarks which I have
made; but because here, in a case examined by
me and by my committee, an important fact was
stated, that this lelease was made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury before the bill for the relief
of Carson was passed. It was so stated in the
report. It was so stated by me in the debate.
Yet the Senator got up here in (he Senate, and
rend from a memorandum—and by the way, I
would like to know who furnished him with it—
that such was not the fact. I was taken so much
by surprise at it, that I consented at once that the
matter might be investigated, and had the bill laid
over.
Now, sir, is that an ordinary occurrence? Is
it such an ordinary case that it is to be passed
over without any notice> A fact was stated in a
formal manner in the report of the committee; it
was stated by me here in my place; arid yet the
gentleman got up and contradicted it. (s tt right?
Is it proper? Is it just to myself or to the com-
mittee that such a matter should be passed over in
silence? I was as much astonished as any man
could be at the course pursued by the honorable
Senator fiom Michigan, [Mr. Felcii.] However
inconsistent with his usual course, still the facts
are as I have stated; and it was my duty, as a
member of the committee—as a member of the
Senate—-to meet it,. 1 intended, on the very next
day, when private bills were considered, to have
called up the bill, and made some remarks. T did
not do f>o, because the gentleman was then absent,
on account of sickness; and circumstances have
prevented me calling it up before this time.
The Senator from Michigan who last addressed
