2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
us [Mr. CAbs} is entirely mistaken in supposing
that I object to the interference of another mem-
ber of the Senate with my report. What I do
object to is to a Senator contradicting, unless he
has sufficient and competent authority to do so,
a fact stated by me in my place, ami also in the
report. Now, it turns out, on investigation, that
the fact was as I stated it. That is what I object
to, and not to the interference. I think the Sen-
ate well knows, as the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] has observed, that I am not captious
in matters of this kind, and I am not disposed to
object to interference with my reports. It is done
every day. I do not object to agentleman oppos-
ing my bills, but I shall object to any interference
under similar circumstances.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I scarcely ex-
pected that this debate, which has relation to a
matter pending before the Senate—the decision of
a question in which no Senator has any particular
interest—should have resulted in any thing like a
personal allusion*, and especially a personal allu-
sion to myself. With the Senator who has just
taken his seat, I have always been upon the'most
friendly terms. But I am surprised at the course
which he has taken upon this occasion. His re-
marks are without foundation in anything which
has been said or done by myself, and certainly
without foundation m anything which I have ever
felt either of interest in this case, or of personal
feeling toward the gentleman himself. Sir, i re-
gret it.
I have no harsh words to reply. The Senator
must enjoy his remarks to satisfy himself and his
feelings, if he has any in regard to the matter;
but I repeat, that I regret that he has found it ne-
cessary either to entertain a feeling of that kind,
or to express it here upon this floor.
Sir, as chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, I know as well aa any man what are the
boundaries of the duties of that committee. I be-
lieve that few men here will accuse me of attempt-
ing to step beyond the bounds of that duty. But
it does so happen, that in relation to administer-
ing the public domain, it is very often the case,
that what are called private land claims, which go
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, are so
connected with the class of claims which go to the
Committee on Public Lands, as scarcely to be
distinguished, the one from the other. Many of
them relate to precisely the same subject; and of
this very class of cases, some go to the Committee
on Public Lands and some to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, if I have considered it
my duty on any occasion to interfere—to use the
expression of the Senator from Louisiana—in
matters of this kind, it has been because my at-
tention has been more particularly directed to the
subjcct of the disposition of the public lands,and
not from any personal feelingor personal desire to
interfere with the reports or the actions of other
members of the Senate. I beg Senators to recol-
lect that, placed,as! have been,on theCommittee
on Public Lands ever since 1 have been m the Sen-
ate—directing my attention to that subject—1 have
withdrawn my mind from almost all other sub-
jects discussed in this body. I should like some-
times to participate in debates of a more general
and interesting character; but I have been com-
pelled to devote my whole energies, and very
much of my time, to the duties of that commit-
tee; and no man has legretted it more than I have.
I know that it has been made the subject of le-
mark in regard to myself, that 1 have not partici-
pated in debates on subjects of more general in-
terest. Having directed my attention to that
particular subject—being placed there, not by
choice, but against my wishes—I have consid-
ered it my duty to look into the disposition of the
public domain as well as I could; and to express
my views upon those subjects which relate to it
whenever they have been presented—not as chair-
man of that committee, but as a member of the
Senate. As one of the members of this body,
whenever questions of this kind have come up,
and my attention has been directed to them, and I
thought! had information which could with profit
be presented to the Senate, I have gone beyond
any petty personal feeling to perform that which
I regard as my duty, and the duty of every mem-
ber of the Senate.
Have f ever presented a bill here from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to which I have not in-
vited scrutiny and investigation? Have I ever
complained of any man for scrutinizing my re-
ports? Have i ever complained of any one for
aiding me in doing justice to those parties who
come here for justice, or for protecting the public
interests, when those interests (as they always
are) are brought in question by the bills we are
about to pass ? No, sir, 1 regard it as the duty of
every man who stands here, as the chairman of a
committee upon any subject, to look around the
Senate, upon every side, invite investigation, and
seek for information. Whenever 1 have presented
a matter of this kind, I have been ready to thank
every man who, with more knowledge than my-
self, has come up to enable me either to advance jj
the measure I have introduced, or prevent its be- !!
ing advanced when the public interest required that !;
it shouid not be passed. That is what 1 regaidas i;
my position.
I come here with no complaints of any man, ;;
and regret that any one should have found occa- jj
sion to make a complaining allusion to myself, ;j
such as has been made on this occasion. There ;<
is one person of whom I would wish never to ji
speak here or elsewhere; and that is myself. Self j<
is the last subject upon which a man ought ever to |i
speak. But I have done with that. |:
Mr. DOWNS. 1 merely wish to explain that
it was not personal feeling that influenced me. So
far from entertaining any personal feeling against
the honorable Senator, i spoke because 1 felt it to
be my duty, under the circumstanccs, to make the
remarks which 1 have made. And, to show that
there is no personal feeling on the subject, and has
not been from the beginning, but that I have
merely done what I considered to be my impera-
tive duty, 1 take occasion now to say, with all
sincerity, that the Senator from Michigan is one
of the very last members of the Senate in relation
to whom, if I could have had my choice, I should
have made the remarks which i have made. There
has existed between us a friendship which has
never been interrupted. I have great confidence
m his judgment. Yet, the circumstances were
such that, even against all this, I have felt it to
be my duty to make *he remarks which 1 have
made.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I come now to
the fact which the honorable Senator stated—
which was true—that, in the memorandum which
1 had here before, there was a mistake as to the
date of one of the laws passed by Congress.
There was a mistake in the date. The honorable
Senator took the memorandum from my hands,
and returned it to me again, stating that fact.
Subsequently I looked upon the memorandum,
and found that there was a mistake. But that the
Senator supposed it was anything more than a
mistake in making out the memorandum never,
until this moment, entered my mind. I did not
understand him to impute anything wrong in that
matter, or anything more than a mere error in I
copying.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish the gentleman to under-
stand me. I do not even now suppose that the
mistake was made by the Senator. I suppose it
was made by the memorandum. My objection
was, that the Senator used the memorandum after
it was stated to him that it was a mistake. I never
supposed, nor did I intend to charge, that he had
intentionally used the mistaken memorandum; but
he did use it after it was stated to be a mistaken
one.
Mr. FELCH. I made no use of the memoran-
dum after the Senator pointed out to me the error,
and I had an opportunity to look at the papers.
After that I made no use of it, either here or else-
where.
Now, what is the amount of the matter ? That
the memorandum misled me as to a date; the Sen-
ator pointed it out to me; I looked at it, and found
that there was a mistake. Have I ever alluded to
it since? Have I made use of a memorandum
which was not correct, when it was shown to me
that it was not correct ? I did find that there was
a mistake as to the date on the memorandum, and
I have never used the memorandum since I found
that to be the case. But, on looking at the papers,
I was satisfied that it was a mistake, which did
not change the principle involved in the case; but,
on the contrary, that this section—number twen-
ty-seven—was a section which had been selected
by the school authorities, and which had been
confirmed by the Secretary of the Treasury, when
that Department had charge of the public lands, i
before the Department of the Interior was organ-
ized.
Mr. DOWNS. I would suggest to the Senator
that he is entirely mistaken. The selection was
made by the register and receiver, under the in-
structions of the Secretary. The people of the
township had nothing to do with the selection.
Mr. FELCH. The selection was made in the
manner pointed out by law. At any rate, this
twenty-seventh section was selected by the proper
authorities, instead of the sixteenth section, which
was taken for another purpose. My principle is
this: that whenever that section was selected ac-
cording to law, and was approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, it became, that moment, the
property of the State authorities, for school pur-
poses; and from that moment it was out of the
power of Congress to give it to a third person,
and m that manner divest the title of the local au-
thonties of the State. That is the point in con-
troversy. That is all the point there is in this
case.
Suppose the Senator should say I was mistaken
in all this. I have noangry feeling on this subject;
I am willing to go to the record and see whether
I am right. I want to ascertain the facts. I know
none of these parties. All I want is that we shall
investigate this matter, and do whatever may be
right about it. I am willing to give a preemption
right in this case, if we hove the power to give it.
I have but a few words more to say, and they
are in regard to the proposition of the Senator as
to the power of Congress over the school lands.
I will explain myself in a very few woids on that
subject. The sixteenth section is originally, in all
the townships, reserved for school purposes, by
general law. Previous to the time of the State or-
orgamzation, it is reserved in the same manner'
pointed out in the laws providing for the survey of
thecountry, reserving the sixteenth section. The
sixteenth section is not, however,appropiiated for
school purposes; that is to say, the title to it does
not vest until, by act of Congress, it is made to
pass directly in the State within which it lies.
The school authorities, and sometimes the town-
ships, have charge of it, and sometimes the State
authorities themselves. But whoever may be the
competent authority, that authority has the charge
of the school lands. Whenever the State is ad-
mitted into the (Jnion,thesixteenth section is then
provided for. It is provided for, and lately it has
been made a condition that they shall have the
sixteenth section to manage for themselves, for
school purposes, upon assenting to certain other
propositions which Congress always makes to
them upon their admission. That is the usual
way. Whenever they assent, what then is the
case? Why, the sixteenth section is no longer a
mere reservation for school purposes, to lie dis-
posed of afterwards by Congress, but it is the
property of the State, for that particular purpose,
and comes under the charge of the regular school
authorities. That is the true state of the case.
Now, the principle has been this; After the
reservation, and before the cession of the land
to the State, Congress has power 0"\er it, and
may grant preemption rights, and it may dispose
of it in other methods, providing, as it always
does, to make up the quantity elsewhere, if the
sixteenth section should be taken for some other
purpose. XJp to that time, they have full power
over it, as the Senator says. So they have, and
they have that power up to the time the school
land is ceded to the State; but when it is ceded to
the State, the power of Congress ceases—utterly
and forever ceases; and Congress then has no
authority to grant preemption rights; no power
to give it to individuals—to this man or to that
man, for this purpose or for that purpose, with-
out the assent of the State. That doctrine is cer-
tainly very clear. It is manifest by this bill, be-
cause the bill provides that the inhabitants of the
township shall give their assent: but the inhab-
itants of the township are not the power which
have the authority to control and manage this
land. By their petitions to Congress, or by their
assent, they cannot divest the title which is now in
the State or the town authorities, as such, having
upon them the obligations and the conditions of
that trust, which is merely a trust to use it for
school purposes. We cannot divest the title in
that manner.
There is my difficulty in this case, and it is the
only difficulty I have; it is the abstract question.
