1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
and nothing else, which weighs upon my mind.
It is the question whether, the proper authorities
having selected this twenty-seventh "section for
school purposes, it is competent for the Govern-
ment to divest them. That is the only question.
As 1 now understand the facts, and as I under-
stood the facts all the while, that principle applies
to this case. If it does not apply, however, if
Senators are satisfied that in point of fact we have
power to divest the title of the State authorities
to this land, and to give a preemption right to this
individual, certainly I am willing; to go with my
friend from Louisiana. My difficulty is upon
that point. I do riot see that we have the power
to do what the bill proposes to do,
Mr. DOWNS. 1 am inclined to think it is a mere
question of law. I think the Senator assumes that
Congress has notlegal power to release this reserva-
tion, No doubt the distinction which has been made
is a good one, where land was originally reserved
as land vested in a State; but in both cases, both be-
fore and after its investment in a State, it has been
the practice of Congress to release such reserva-
tions with the consent of the parties interested.
Why, sir, in the very act for the relief of Carson,
there was a reservation of another seciion in the
same township in the same reservation, and the
land was in the same situation as this land was
when the reservation was asked at the Treasury
Department. I cannot see how the question of
legality can arise. Does the gentleman contend
against the right of Carson also? There was no
difficulty in the case of Carson. It was in conse-
quence of the fact that the Carson claim was
allowed, that the Secretary of the Treasury with-
drew the permission of this claimant to perfect
his title, and therefore he must have considered
the claim of Carson valid. But, according to the
doctrine of the Senator, the act in favor of Carson
was illegal and inoperative. If this were an ori-
ginal question I would say, never in a single case
remove the reservation; but when I looked into
the statute-book, and found that the thing was
done every day, and also after the consent of the
people of the township was given, and saw that
it was done by the competitor in this case, since
Congress has given this man Carson the prefer-
ence here, I do not see why there should not be
fair play between them, and why they should not
both be put upon the same footing.
According to the idea of the Senator from Mich-
igan, the act in favor of Carson was illegal; and
because it is doubtful, he will allow the illegal act
to stand, and reject this claim. Why give Carson
his claim, and deny it to the other? Even sup-
posing that Congress have not the power to release
from reservation, it seems unjust to do it in one
case and not in the other. You thus give one of
them a title; and the moment you have done it,
you take from the other the privilege of perfecting
his title also. I know the gentleman would not
deny justice in this case, by granting to one what
he would refuse to another. We do not ask that
Congress shall take the land from one and give it
to the other. All we ask is that Congress will
place the two parties on the same ground.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to inquire whether
this land was selected by authority of the State
first for school purposes, and whether that selec-
tion was approved oy the proper authority here?
Mr. DOWNS. These selections are made by
the registers and receivers of public money, and
the school authorities have nothing to do with it.
Mr. SHIELDS. That may be the case in Lou-
isiana. I wish to know whether the land was
selected for school purposes, and whether the se-
lection was approved by the agent of the Govern-
ment? and if so, whether we could pass a law
relating to it after that?
Mr. DOWNS. Such laws have been passed
repeatedly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was not aware of the fact.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not intend to enter into
this discussion, although the subject is one in
which I feel much interest, involving, as it does,
the question as to the power of the Government to
undertake to divest the school authorities of their
title to lands granted for school purposes. The
law has been so plainly stated by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] and by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] as to the principle
of law involved, that it is unnecessary for me to
say anything on that subject. As to the practice
of Government, I have had especial occasion to
look into that subject, not in regard to this case,
but in regard to others, very carefully; and I am
not aware of a single case in which Congress has
passed an act undertaking to divest a State, or the
school authorities in a State, of school lands after
the selection and confirmation of such lands have
been made.
Mr. DOWNS. I will point out a case to the
Senator. The very case under discussion, in which
this man Carson is concerned, is one of that kind.
Mr. BORLAND. I am not acquainted with
the circumstances of that case; it has escaped my
observation; but 1 will undertake to say that, as a
question of law, although I do not pretend to be a
lawyer, if Congress have passed such an act, it is
of no force, and that the State authorities, or the
school authorities, can, at any time, enforce their
title, and claim the land, no matter into whose
hands it may have passed, or what laws Congress
may have enacted. Why, if Congress have made
a grant of land, and that land has been selected,
and the title confirmed to the grantee, whether an
individual, a State, or a school, they have no more
authority to pass an act to take back that property
without fiee consent of the owner, than they have
to go into any State of the Union and pass an act
to divest an individual of a piece of landed prop-
erty of which he may have been possessed for fifty
years.
I rose, principally, for the purpose of making
an inquiry of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs,] as to the law of his State on this subject.
As I understand the question, the bill provides
that the grant shall be made to this individual, on
condition that the school authorities of the town-
ship shall give their consent to it.
Mr. DOWNS. If the Secretary will read the
proviso to the bill, it will answer the inquiry of
the Senator.
The proviso was read, as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed,
as to reduce the quantity of laud to wiueli said township is
entitled Oy law.
Mr. BORLAND. That does not meet the
question I intended to ask the Senator from Loui-
siana, [Mr. Downs.] The bill renders it neces-
sary that the authorities shall give their assent.
I understand that the authorities of Louisiana
have nothing to do with the school lands; that, by
legislative provision, the school lands are consol-
idated, and that one common fund is formed for
the whole State; so that an act of the Legislature,
and nothing but an act of the Legislature, together
with an act of Congress, could make such a grant
valid.
Mr. DOWNS. I think that this proviso clearly
shows the argument of both the Senators to be
wrong. Their argument is, that it is not compe-
tent for Congress to take away this particular
quantity of land. The bill is furnished with that
express provision, font says, thatthe effect of the
bill shall not be to dimmish the quantity ofland. If
this is so, and if it be possible to give this individ-
ual his right of preemption, and not deprive the
people of the township of any right to which they
are entitled, does not the argument of both gentle-
men, in such case, fall to the ground r That pro-
vision is a part of the bill. It limits the bill, which
has no proper authority to deprive the school au-
thorities of a single acre of land. Does not such
a proviso answer all objects, and silence all objec-
tions?
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Louisi-
ana is mistaken if he supposes that I am arguing
merely in regard to the quantity of the land. He
knows well enough, that in many cases the value of
land does not depend so much upon its quantity as
upon its locality and quality; and, to show what I
mean, I will remark, that in my own State, by act
of Congress, there were two changes of school
lands for other lands which very seriously injured
the school interest. These two instances, how-
ever, were before the grants had been perfected, and
while they were merely reservations. In one case,
the sixteenth section-was deemed a proper one, on
account of its locality, to locate a town upon in the
county of Washington, in the western part of the
State of Arkansas. The county authorities de-
sired it as a location for the seat of justice for that
county; and application was made to Congress,
and the sixteenth section was granted by Congress
to that county, to be laid off into two lots and used
for the building of a court-house and jail, and other
buildings, ana commissioners were appointed to
make a selection somewhere else. The proceeds
of the sale of that section on which that town was
built, was sufficient.to endow a college, and the
other section which the school authorities got, m
lieu of it, has not been sufficient to establish even
a common school.
So also in another case, Congress passed an act
taking the sixteenth section in another county—
the county of Crawford—for the establishment of
a military fort and depot, and directing that the
school section should be taken somewhere else.
Now, the value of the land where this fortification
now stands, as in the other case, is sufficient to
endow a college, and yet they have not, to this
day, got land enough in that county to endow a
school. It is to prevent things of this sort, that I
am opposed to the passage of such laws—to say
nothing of the want of power on the part of Con-
gress.
I know nothing of this particular case, f know
nothing of the parties claiming here; but I appre-
hend it is a fact that this piece of land for which
this individual is here claiming the right of pre-
emption, is worth five times as much as any pub-
lic land in any part of that county; and if you
grant the right of preemption to this individual—
that is supposing you have the power—you will
give him land at the rate of $1 25 per acre which
in all probability may be worth $10 or $20 or $25
per acre, or even more than that, and you force
the commissioners to go and select a piece of land
in lieu of it which is perhaps not worth more than
$1 or $1 25 per acre. That is certain, because in
that region all the lands which are salable have
been taken up, and in that way you defeat the
beneficent object of Congress in granting lands for
school purposes. You permit, for the benefit of
an individual, the use of most valuable land, and
you turn the schools off with lands which for all
the years they have been in market have not yet
sold for $1 25 per acre; and you thus give them
that which produces a sum altogether insufficient
for the attainment of the object for which the
grant was originally made.
1 am quite aware, Mr. President, that there may
be individual cases of hardship. Individuals, as
we know has frequently been the case, may have
settled by mistake upon school lands and improved
them. In all these cases I would go as far as I
have lawful authority to relieve them; but when I
am met by such an obstacle as meets us in this
case, namely, the want of power, I hold that in
the first place, if we pass such an act, it would be
worth nothing if the school authorities thought
proper to contest it; and in the second place, that
we would do great wrong to the school interest
for the benefit of an individual. I cannot, there-
fore, give my sanction to it.
Mr. RUSK. I see no difficulty which can re-
sult from the passage of this bill. I have not in-
vestigated the case much, but from the discussion
it seems to me clear that the school authorities can
lose nothing by the passage of the bill, while, if
we refuse to pass it, much injury may result to
the settlers. If it be not absolutely school lands,
he is entitled to his preemption, certainly; and if
it be school lands, and has been vested by an act of
Congress in an individual, we cannot by a second
act of Congress give a title. The bill is on a foot-
ing which is guarded. There is an express pro-
viso that limits the bill, and prevents him from
claiming the land at all, if it came into the quan-
tity set aside for schools. Under these circum-
stances, I can see no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
HEIRS OF JOSHUA KENNEDY.
Mr. CLEMENS. I now move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 257, being " A bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Joshua Ken-
nedy, deceased." It is a bill which has been re-
ported favorably several times by committees of
the Senate; it has passed this body three times,
and has passed the House once, at a different ses-
sion. I think there can be no objection to it. It
was taken up a few days ago, and laid over in
consequence of objection being made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole;
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal representatives of
