1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
State of New York, and twice and a half us large
as tiie island of Great Britain.
Ft defines the limits of the geological forma-
tions, and their mineral character, (from the great
lead region, on the south, to the extreme northern
limits of the United States, embracingthe country
bordering on Red river of the north; tk« whoU? of
that part of the Lake Superior country situated
both in Wisconsin and Minnesota; the country
lying to the sources of the Mississippi, the St.
Louis river, Rainy Lake, the Lake of the Woods,
and Red Lake. It defines the boundaries of a
new coal field, lying on the west side of the Mis-
sissippi, in Iowa, as well as the underlying and
overlying formations that encircle and abut against
it.
It describes, "with the aid of minute local de-
tailed sections, the elements of stratification of all
the beds of rock which present themselves, along
the course of the priucipal streams in Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota; especially on the upper
Mississippi, north of the Wisconsin river; the
Wisconsin river, from its mouth to the gravities
and traps that commence near " Whitney's Rap-
ids;" of the Des Moines river, from its mouth to
the " Great Plaster Bed,"nearits u Lizard Fork;"
of the Missouri river, from Council Bluffs to its
confluence with the Mississippi. It exhibits, by a
map—the original of which is nearly ten feet by
four—the superficial area of those great geological
formations, not only as they extend through Wis-
consin, Iowa, and Minnesota, but also their con-
nection with the formations of Illinois and Mis-
souri. By means of these sections, sources of in-
formation are laid open tn the miner, which will
enable him to estimate the depth, hardness, con-
sistence, and mineral contents of the various beds
which he must penetrate in his search after min-
eral treasures, and the data thus furnished to him
by which he can calculate the labor and expense
of any proposed work, whether it be mining or
internal improvement. They, moreox er, lay bare
to the inspection of the quarryman the various
materials best suited for constructions along the
lines of public works, or for private enterprise.
They designate the position, succession, and in-
clination of (he workable beds of coal throughout
the valleys of the Des Moines, Iowa, Missouri,
and Mississippi rivers.
Mr. HALE. As the honorable Senator has
made a personal appeal to me, that he and I should
disgorge our books. I want to tell him that I have
anticipated lum m that respect. I should not
have mentioned the fact—and I do not wish to
boast of it—but for his personal appeal to me. I
have given away every single one of the books I
have received, by the order of f lie Senate, to a pub-
lic library m the town in which I live, on the ex-
press condition that they shall always be kept for
the inspection of the whole people; and that, when
the institution to which they are thus transferred
shall fail thus to keep them, they shall become the
property of the State library. Thus, so far as I
am concerned, I have anticipated the Senator's
proposition; and lam obliged to him for the speech,
because it gives me instruction. I want instruc-
tion; and I would as lief take it from a Senator
here as from my own Legislature.
The Senator has defined his position. He is
opposed to the sins that have been committed, but
in favor of those that are to be committed pro-
spectively. He is opposed to the books that we
have distributed, and in favor of those that have
not yet been distributed. I think that is his posi-
tion. I do not expect to be successful in my op-
position to this, but I confess that I cannot see the
difference.
The Senator says that these books are not for
the Senate—that tliey are for distribution. Is not
every single document of which you order the
printing of extra copies, printed upon the suppo-
sition that they are for distribution? This docu-
ment stands upon the same footing with every
other document of which you order extra copies.
I have uniformly voted against the whole of them.
I remember, when 1 made a motion, in the early
part of the session, for printing an extra number
of some documents th*t related'to a great national
affair—the government of the Navy—an honor-
able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison-,]
whom [ always hear with pleasure and with profit,
said, that he did not know what possible benefit
the printing of an extra number of that document
could be to the people of Missouri; and, as he
was there to look out for the people of Missouri,
and they had not any salt-water sailors upon
whom the discipline of the Navy was to work,
he was against going into this national expendi-
ture for such a local object. He thought it was a
local object, because he was not aware of any
possible interest that it would be to the people of
Missouri. If 1 had not heard that from a Senator
standing so high in the Senate and in the public
estimation as the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, 1 should not have thought it was exactly
proper. But I do think so now. [Laughter.]
But to apply the same principle here, let me ask,
if a publication relating to a public interest of the
Government is not as interesting to the citizens of
all the States as the local geology of one or moie
of the States of the Union ?
I am not so vain as to believe that I shall be
successful m my opposition to this item; but, as I
understand the Senator from Virginia, there is
also provision to be made for printing these docu-
ments for the House of Representatives, at an ad-
ditional expense of §130,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Only $17,000 for the House.
Mr. HALE. That makes the whole, then,
about $,50,000. If you are going to print at the
public expense the geology of the Stales, the ex-
plorations of which have been made at the ex-
pense of the General Government, I do not see
why other States which have made geological ex-
plorations at their own expense, should not come
in and ask to have their geological reports pub-
lished at the expense of the General Government.
Now, 1 know that several of the New England
States, and, I think, New York and Pennsylva-
nia, and some other States, have, at great expense,
prepared geological reports of their own States,
and I do not see any reason why they should not
be published as well as these. But I leave the
subject.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
New Hampshire makes his ohjectien to tins a little
too late. Me ought to recollect that this is simply
a proposition to pay for the work that has already
been ordered by the Senate, and which is now in
the course of prepaiation. Last spring, at the
called Executive session, the Senate ordered this
work to be done. And, in order to have it prop-
erly done, it was ordered that it r-hould be done
under the supeivisiou of the Gencud Land Office.
Since the meeting of Congiess at this session,
additional numbers have been ordeied of this
work, and Dr. Owen, under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, is now
m Phila lelphia, passing the work through the
press. So it lus been done under the supervision
of the General Land Office, rather than under the
supervision of the Committee on Printing, or the
Secretary of the Senate, as has been usual. There
seems to be some question whether it should be
paid for out of the contingent fund of the Senate,
or by a separate appropriation. To meet that
difficulty—as the money has to be paid either one
way or the other—the proposition has been made
to pay it in this appropriation bill. I think it is
a very proper place for it, and, m fact, the only
place proper for it.
Mr. IiAMLfN. The propriety of paying for
this work which has already been oidered, cannot,
I think, be well questioned by the Senate. But
there is one point in relation to it, which I feel it
to be my duty to state, and which may induce the
chaiiman of the Committee on finance to suggest
a smaller amount of appropriation than the amend-
ment now provides for. This work was originally
ordered to be printed by the Senate at us called
Executive session last spring. I have not been
able to put my hand upon the proceediegs of the
Senate for tlmt session, and I have not, therefore,
the language m which the order was made. _ But
1 think the order was, that there he the ordinaly
number of the woik printed and executed under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
At some day during this sess.on there was an
order passed by this bodyfor 5,500 additional
copies of the work, to be printed under the direc-
tion of the General Land Office. Under these two
orders, it is said that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office includes both printing and
binding. It is also said that the binding is to cost
S*2 50 a volume. These facts were communicated
to the Committee on Printing. Before these extra
numbers were ordered by the Senate, the Print-
ing Committee had made a contract with Mr. De
Camp to do all the binding of the Senate at twelve
and a half cents per volume. The binder made an
application directly to the Committee on Printing,
stating that he was entitled to the binding of these
5,500 additional copies, because they had been or-
dered subsequent to the making of his contract
with the Senate. Under that view of the case,
the Joint Committee on Printing unanimously
passed a resolution that in their opinion the binder
to the Senate was entitled to this work under his
contract, at the rate oftwelveandahalf centsa vol-
ume, and they passed a resolution directing the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to hand
over this work to the binder of the Senate for the
puipose of having it bound by him under his con-
tract.
If the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice shall regard the order of the Printing Commit-
tee, this work will be bound for twelve and a half
cents a volume; while if it shall be bound under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, I am told that it will cost $2 50 a
volume. If the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, therefore, shall carry out what is
fairly a vote of the Senate, and what he has been
directed to do by the unanimous vote of the Joint
Committee on l3rinting, then there will be a dim-
imuion which may be made in (his appropriation
of some $10,000 or $15,000. I make these sug-
gestions to the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, that he may take such course as
he shall see proper.
1 desire, further, to say that I believe the binder
to the Senate, at this session, has complied with
his contract, and the works that he has already
boatid aie bound in a very neat and proper man-
ner, and in a manner which is fully adequate to the
wants of the country. I hold in my hand a volume
of the report on commerce and navigation, which
has been bound by him, and it is bound in a very
respectable manner—in a way, I think, which will
do ample justice to this work. It seems to me
that tins is a point to which the Senate may well
direct its attention, and that we may thus save
nearly $2 50 on each volume of this work in its
binding.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor fiom Maine, who is cognizant of all the cir-
cumstances of the transaction, that he should
propose a proviso, requiring the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to have the books bound
by the binder to the Senate. I believe that would
accomplish his object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to that.
I have already stated that the Committee on
Printing have unanimously directed the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to have them
bound there; and I think that a proviso, such as
suggested by the Senator from Virginia, might be
unnecessary. I was about, however, to suggest
a proviso, that not more than twelve and a half
cents a volume should be paid for the binding.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I have no doubt in
the world that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office will receive and act upon the sugges-
tions of the Committee on Printing.
A single word in regard to these reports. They
are not reports for Iowa, or Wisconsin, or Min-
nesota. They are gpologicai reports of the lands
of the United States, ordered by ourselves. We
have nothing to do with if. If New Hampshire
and other old States have madegeologica! surveys,
they are surveys of their own lands. We do not
own these lands. They are not our properly.
Mr. BORLAND. I would say to the Senator
from Maine that I think he must be somewhat
mistaken 051 some point, as to the cost of binding
these hooks. 1 cannot suppose it possible that
the binding will cost $.2 50 a volume. I do not
understand how it could possibly cost that for
binding these books. I should suppose fifty or
seventy-fhe cents a volume would be as much as
would be required. With regard to the binder of
the Senate, I apprehend that, if the proposition
were made to him, though it were at his own sug-
gestion, that he should bind these books under liis
contract, he would refuse to do so. His contract
relates altogether to books in the octavo form. If
we require him to bind a book of a double size, in
the quarto form, I think he would hardJydo it for
twelve and a half cents. If the binder will do it
for twelve and a half cents, of course it ought to
be done; for the lowest sum ought to be paid. But
