1852.
TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
concerning the delay. I should prefer myself to
take time to look into these matters. If the friends
of the bill do not choose to fix upon a time when
this claim can be ascertained to have been made
upon the Government subsequently to the ascer-
tainment of its correctness, that will impose upon
me the obligation to vote in favor of the motion to
strike out.
The question being taken on the amendment,
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 28, nays 11; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Berrien, Borland,
& Butler, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Felch, Fish, Geyer, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, King,
Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Sewardj-Smith, Spruance,
Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and Wlnteomb—'28.
NAYS—Messrs Bradbury, Brodhead. Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Downs, Gvvin, Hamlm, Houston,' Mcltae, Mallory,
Morton, and Rusk—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendment made in committee was
concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
EXTENSION OF A PATENT.
The bill to extend the patent heretofore granted
to John Schley, of the State of Georgia, was read
a second time, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider it as m Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the patent granted to John Schley,
on the 27th of October, 1836, for a new and use-
ful improvement on the cotton-gin, and the appli-
cation of his machine to a new and useful pur-
pose—the packing and breaking of wool and grain,
and seedless cotton,and dislodging and cleansing
them from those substances which prevent them
being properly dyed; also, for mixing cotton and
wool together for carding purposes—be extended
for the term of fourteen years after the expiration
of the term for which such patent was originally
issued, and be granted to the executors or admin-
istrators of John Schley, now deceased.
Mr. BADGER. I would like to inquire from
some member of the Committee on Patents, wheth-
er that bill was reported unanimously by the
committee ?
Mr. DAWSON. It was.
Mr. NORRIS. The bill was agreed upon by
the committee. No one dissented. The case, in
short, is this; The original patentee died, and the
heirs could not make an application seasonably at
the Patent Office.
Mr. BADGER. I am satisfied.
Mr. DAVIS. I notice that this bill proposes
to extend this patent for fourteen years. The law
provides for the extension of patents only for
seven years, and it has been the policy of Con-
gress heretofore, I believe, not to create an in-
ducement for people to come to Congress to get
extensions by doubling the time, but to limit the
time to the period fixed by law. I therefore move
to strike out "fourteen," and insert "seven."
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended.
The Senate concurred in the amendment made
in the Committee of the "Whole, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 9, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. **
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. PEASLEE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of which previous
notice had been given.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall object
to the introduction of this bill, and for this reason:
I think I am right—and I ask the Chair if I am
n„(—in saying, that if we proceed in regular order,
under the 25th rule, to call for reports of commit-
tees, it will then be m order to call for resolutions,
and, as I understand it, by the 114th rule, these
bills can all be introduced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct;
but by unanimous consent, it is competent for the
House to pass over the call of committees for
reports.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move, then, that the Chair
proceed to call the States for resolutions, when it
will be in order for gentlemen to introduce their
bills.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will take that course.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make one sug-
gestion in connection with this subject. I am as
anxious as any one that these bills should be in-
troduced and receive their proper reference; but if
this course is taken, some of them will give rise to
debate, and we shall consume our whole time with
them.
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all. There can be
no debate.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule there can be
no debate.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well; I desire that the
House shall go into Committee of the Whole, and
take up the bill which we had under consideration
when we were last in session, providing for the
payment of the last installment of the Mexican
indemnity.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. In the absence of
the chairman of the Committee on Private Claims,
[Mr. Daniel,] I move that the House do now re-
solve itself into Committee of the Wholeupon the
private calendar.
Mr. MASON demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Mason and VenAble ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 58.
So the motion prevailed.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Vknable in the
chair.)
THE VIRGINIA WOOLEN COMPANY.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was House bill No. 30, for the relief oi
the Virginia Woolen Company.
Tlie bill having been read through, and there
being no objection, was laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass. . ^
EDWARD EVERETT. w
House bill No. 50, reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, for the relief of Edward
Everett, late a sergeant of the United States Army,
came up next in order.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to say a word or two
in explanation of this bill. It was reported to the
House by the Committee on Military Affairs, by
whom all the facts connected with the subject were
fully investigated. A precisely similar bill passed
the Senate at its last session, was reported favora-
bly upon by a committee of this House, and failed
here only for want of time. The bill provides for
the payment of the claim of Edward Everett, for
services as clerk in the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment difi'ing the Mexican war. Everett was a
sergeant in the first regiment Illinois volunteers,
in General Wool's column of the Army, and
while in,the discharge of his duty at San Antonio,
Texas, received a pistol-shot wound in the knee,
which permanently disabled him. But before pro-
ceeding further, I would inquire of the Chair
whether the report of the committee in this case
has been printed? If so, its reading will aid me
in the explanation of the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The report has not been
printed.
Mr. BISSELL. The main column of the
Army moved forward into Mexico, but Everett's
wound compelled him to remain at San Antonio.
On the surgeon's certificate of permanent inability,
Everett forwarded an application to the Com-
manding General, now far in Mexico, for a dis-
charge, to which he was clearly entitled; but in
consequence of some mi'sapprehension on the part
of his friends who took charge of the application,
there was returned to him, not a discharge, but a
furlough for the balance of his term of service.
This furlough gave him the right, of course, to
the use of his own time during the remaining por-
tion of the term for which he had enlisted. He
had a perfect right, then, to return home or go
whithersoever he pleased—a perfect right to the
avails of such labor as his ci lppled condition might
enable him to perform. This is clear.
It so happened thatCaptam Ralston, theUnited
States quartermaster at San Antonio, was at that
time in pressing need of the services of an addi-
tional clerk in his department, arid he engaged
Everett, under an agreement to pay him the same
compensation as was allowed to other clerks for
simitar services. Everett served in that'capacity,
most efficiently and satisfactorily, from October to
June, when he returned home. The Quartermas-
ter paid him, according to the stipulation, some
six hundred dollars. This was all right; but,
ugon adjustment of the quartermaster's accounts
with the Department here, the sum which hfe had
thus paid to Everett was disallowed, on the tech-
nical ground that inasmuch as Everett was not
actually discharged from service, he could, under
no circumstances, receive for services rendered
the Government more than a sergeant's pay.
j This decision of the Department being made
known to Everett, he promptly, and from the
most elevated motives, refunded to the quarter-
master, Captain Ralston, the entire sum he had
received from him, and he now applies to Con-
gress, who alone have the power, under the cir-
cumstances, to do him justice.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire—for I
know nothing about this bill—if this gentleman
was receiving pay also for his services in the
Army while upon his furlough ?
Mr. BISSELL. Assuredly so. It is always
the case. I hope there will be no further opposi-
tion to the bill. "I know it to be a meritorious
one. I know it of my own personal knowledge;
besides, the proofs before the committee were
ample and satisfactory. Any man who will pay
any attention to the subject, will be satisfied that
he is entitled to what he asks, as much so as any
man was ever entitled to a cen t for services ren-
dered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I well know it is an ungra-
cious task to oppose any private claim in this
body. Very early in the history of this Govern-
ment, we adopted certain rules, and more recently
we are disposed to trample those rules under foot.
A s early as 180t4, this identical question, now urged
upon us, was particularly before this body, and be-
fore the other branch of the Legislature. It was
then decided, that in no instance should we allow
a man double-pay; that when a man enters the
service of the Government, it is a contract by
which he is bound to bring with him his ability
to perform the duties that shall be assigned him,
within the scope of his engagement. Here is a
sergeant, as I understand the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Bissell,] entering the service and pay
of theUnited States, being wounded, and while
receiving the compensation for which he engaged
to serve, and by which he bound himself to bring
with him all the energies and powers which he
possessed 
Mr. BISSELL, (interposing.) I still have the
floor. I wish to say to the gentleman from Ohio,
as well as for others, that in this case he is not
paid twice. The bill by its operation deducts
from his pay as a clerk, what he received as a
sergeant. I hope that it is understood, and that
it will obviate the objection of the gentleman from
Ohio. , ...
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissexx,]
whether the individual named in this bill is draw-
ing a pension ? It was stated by a gentleman, that
he was receiving a monthly pension, if 1 under-
stood him. I wish to know whether he is receiv-
ing a pension, or whether he is an applicant for
, one. , „
| Mr. BISSELL. I do not know personally
I whether he is, or is not. I know he ought to be,
! because he is disabled for life, having a stiff knee,
I from a wound received while in discharge of his
I duties. But that certainly constitutes no reason
why he should not receive a fair compensation for
services performed under the circumstances al-
ready explained. I repeat, that this bill does not
propose to pay him twice. It deducts from what
he was fairly entitled to as a clerk, that which he
received as a sergeant. Is the gentleman's diffi-
culty obviated ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is the gentleman through?
Mr. BISSELL. I prefer, while I am upon the
floor, to answer any objections that may arise.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no objection to state
what I was about to remark. I have no intention
to occupy the time of the House long. I ain m
a minority upon this floor, and the responsibility
is with the majority. I shall give my vote accord-
ing to the known and established rules which
