1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
first part of the provision commits the charge of
the matter to the Attorney General. He is to
superintend the matter, as the law officer of the
Government. It is a highly responsible duty-
one requiring a great deal of care and attention in
obtaining all the documents which are necessary,
and in rejecting: those which are voluminous and
not necessary, and which cannot be properly em-
braced in this proposal. But the duty which is to
be imposed on the person, whoever he may be, is
merely the duty of an agent to assist the Attorney
General in gathering together the materials to be
used. That agent is to be sent to Mexico for the
purpose of getting up the materials which the At-
torney General makes use of, to be arranged and
presented in a proper form for the action of the
Senate of the United States, so that we may have
them before us, worthy of being printed, and fur-
nishing all necessary information on this great and
important subject.
Mr. BADGrER. I dislike to trouble the Senate
again upon what appears to me to be a very small
matter. I was not aware, until I heard the remark
made by my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] that
there was any connection between this appoint-
ment and the issues of the next presidential cam-
paign. If I had been aware of that, I would have
considered the matter of more intrinsic importance,
and would have taken more time to inform myself
before I decided in my own mind in relation to
this important question, as to whether this person
should oe appointed by the President of the United
States, or whether this high, important, over-
ruling, awful trust, should be allowed to rest in
the handsof so insignificant a person as the Attor-
ney General of the United States. But having
thus far committed myself, I am disposed to main-
tain my consistency.
Now, my friend from Georgia says, that as the
President of the United States is the head of the
Executive, he has the appointing of all officers. In
answer to that I will say that, with the exception
of a few officers specified by the Constitution of
the United States, the Pi esident holds thf'appoint-
ment of every officer, subject to the will of the
Senate. The Constitution declares that judges of
the Supreme Court and others—enumerating cer-
tain officers—shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
But Congress may vest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they please, either m the Pres-
ident alone, or in the heads of Departments, or in
the courts of law. Therefore, if this were an of-
fice, in the strictest sense of the term, implying
continuous employment, or the successive appoint-
ment of new persons to hold an office, it would
be nothing to the argument of the Senator from
Georgia. None at all. Our power over the sub-
ject is absolute. But, in the proper senve of the
term, thie is no office. It is a mere temporary
trust or agency. A person is not appointed to fill
an office with permanent duties, embracing in the
nature of the case a succession of new individuals
to keep it up, and carry it on; but here is a man
appointed to go and collect some papers, under
the direction of somebody; but this amendment
proposes to place $10,000 in the hands of the At-
torney General, for the purpose of accomplishing
this object. Now, the Senator from Georgia says
it will not be treating the President exactly well,
to give the Attorney General the power of appoint-
ing this agent. That is ail. Suppose this matter
carried out: the Postmaster General appoints to
office a number of post office agents—men who go
round and investigate accounts; who superintend
a great portion of our great postal system. It
never entered the head of any man that it was
either proper, or necessary, or useful, or expe-
dient, or advisable, that the appointment of these
persons should be placed in the hands of the Pres-
ident of the United States. Is it not the uniform
course end custom of the Government, whenever
an agent is to be appointed to discharge certain
duties, the general supervision of which is under
a particular head, that that particular head is al-
lowed to select the a^ent to carry them out? Cer-
tainly it is. Look at the Department of the Inte-
rior—the head of that Department appoints all the
subordinates; and it appears to me that if this
money is to he placed in the hands of the Attorney-
General, and if he is to collect certain papers, it
would be proper to leave to him the appointment
of the agent who is to collect them. I must confess
t(hat I think it would be a very small business to
call on the President of the United States to make
the appointment.
Mr, BAYARD. I agree with the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, that with regard to
the constitutionality of the question, there can be
no doubt. I believe that Congress can appoint
this officer, or agent, or whatever name you pleas-
to give him, without any reference to the appointe
ing power on the part of the President of the
United States. I think it is a question of expedi-
ency. And I disagree with the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and also with the Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] when he speaks
of the duties of this agent as being merely to col-
lect papers and arrange them for the use of the
Attorney General. When we look at the scope and
the power given to him, I will answer for it, that
the agent is to perform the whole business, and
that the Attorney General will merely appoint the
agent. It requires for the superintendence of such
a work as the collecting of legal documents in
Mexico, intelligence of a very high order, and a
legal acumen and capacity which few possess. It
is not to go there to pick up a document here and
a paper there for the Attorney General to arrange
afterwards, for the benefit of the country. I sub-
mit that this appointment is more important than
has been supposed, and that the real and import-
ant duties will be performed by this agent.
The question is one of expediency, as to who
shall exercise the expediency of appointing this
agent. The President may appoint him, and I
think he should do it. You place in the hands of
the Attorney General the sum of $30,000 for a
variety of purposes, among which is the payment
of the agent himself. I ask if if is not wiser that
the discretion to appoint the agent should be differ-
ent from the discretion exercised in superintend-
ing the work afterwards, and in expending the
money? Oil that ground I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator from Georgia
insists on his amendment, he ought to propose to
amend still fuither, and provide that the Pi evident
should send the name of the person he appoints to
be confirmed by the Senate. If this is a matter
of so much importance that the Attorney General
cannot he intrusted with it, I think it must be of
sufficient importance to require the further amend-
ment I have suggested.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken, and
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YK.YS—MehMS. Atchwm, Bayard, Bull, Brodhcad,
Biooke, Clemens, Dawson, .Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
low,i, (ieyei, II inner, Jont"> of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Mangum, ltu-k,Spruance, Wade, and Walker—18.
N VY>*—Messrs. Adam*, Badger, Boi land, Oa s, Clarke,
Cooper, I)avi*,Dou<rki«7 Downs, Felch, G win, James, Kmsj,
Miller, Morton, IVaiee, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Sum-
ner, and Whiteomb—*21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the committee, and
it was decided in the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment is
ns follows:
For additional compensation for increasing the tians-
pon.ilton ol tin- Tinted States mail between New Yoik and
Liveipool.nl the Collin5! lino of steamers, to twenty-sax
tii|)s per annum, at such tunes as -diall be directed by the
Postmaster Ceneial, and ui confonml> to Int. last annual
iepoit to t'ongiee*. and bi> letter of the lofli of November
ia-^t to the Seeietaryof the Navy, commencing said in-
eira^ed service on the first of January, 18;V2, at the rate of
$.33,000 per mp, m hcu of the present allowance, the sum
of ,>^36,o00.
Mr. BORLAND. As that amendment is likely
to give rise to considerable discussion, I "would
suggest to the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Huxtrr,] the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, that he should withhold it for the
present, and let other amendments be acted upon
which will give rise to no discussion, reserving
this to the last, as upon it I presume the main dis-
cussion will take place.
Mr. BADGER. This is the last amendment of
the committee.
Air. BORLAND. I have an amendment to
propose to another portion of the bill, which, I
think, will give rise to no discussion, and I would
like to have it aeted upon first.
Mr. HUNTER. There are other amendments
from the Committee on Finance, which we can go
on with by letting this be passed over for the pres-
ent, which I am quite willing to do.
The PRESIDENT. It can only be done by
unanimous consent. The Chair must call for
amendments from the committee, before any other
can be received.
Objection was made to taking up any other
amendments.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment proposes to
increase the number of trips per annum of the
Collins'line of steamers to twenty-six, and give
additional compensation for the whole service.
The memorial of Mr. Collins and his associates,
askingfor this increased compensation, was, at an
early period of the session, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. After a thorough exam-
ination of the subject, the committee came to the
conclusion that it was proper to increase the ser-
vice to twenty-six trips, and the compensation per
trip to the amount stated in the amendment. Be-
ing a member of the Committee on Finance, as
well as chairman of the Naval Committee, I was
instructed to present to the Finance Committee the
amendment under consideration, to be offered as
an additional section to this bill.
The successful and masterly policy of Great
Britain, in uniting the elements of a commercial
marine with those of a naval force, attracted, at an
early period, the attention of our National Legis-
lature. Some years elapsed, however, before any
active measures were taken by Congress to meet
this policy by competition. Meanwhile Great
Britain had intersected the waters of the world
with the tracks of her swift and powerful mail
steamers, and was extracting immense sums an-
nually from American citizens in the shape of
freights, postages, and passage money. The
twenty thousand American vessels afloat on all
the seas, with their countless millions of property,
were dependent on the enterprise and courtesy of
a foreign nation for the transmission of every let-
ter that passed between them and their owners.
Thus Great Britain was enabled to sustain a nu-
merous fleet of mail steamers, (convertible into
efficient war steamers,) by contributions levied to
a large extent on American commerce; because,
unaided American enterprise could not enter into
a successful rivalry with the self-sustaining policy
and inexpensive liberality of the British Govern-
ment. For several years this subject was pressed
with unavailing assiduity upon the attention of
Congress. At length contracts were made which
established the present lines of the United States
mail steamers, running between New York, Liv-
erpool, and other important commercial points.
The interest with which this experiment was
watched by the American people is well recol-
lected. The establishment of the line between
New York and Liverpool was regarded as the be-
ginning of a national contest, the issue of which
was to decide for many years the question of mar-
itime superiority. If the United States mail
steamers had failed in any important particular—
in accommodation,security,orspeed, as compared
with the British lines—the failure would have been
a source of national mortification and regret. Im-
pressed with this view of their undertaking, the
contractors determined to spare no expense that
might be necessary to enable them in ail respects
to surpass their rivals. Without regard to the calls
of their contract, they have built larger vessels
than those of the Cunard line, with improved
machinery; and it is officially before the country,
m the last annual report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, that these vessels exhibit li unrivaled quali-
ties," and establish the " superiority" of American
skill and enterprise in the construction of ocean
steamers. Indeed, it is admitted on all sides, that
they are the finest models afloat—the swiftest,
strongest, and most beautiful steamers in the
world. They are thus, in fact, a school for the
steam marine of the country. This school neces-
sarily educates good machinists, engineers, fire-
men, mechanics, and officers of every grade, alike
useful to the commercial and naval marine of the
country.
The enterpiise and public spirit which induced
the contractors to make this effort, and incur these
large expenses, have stripped their contract of its
commercial value, and rendered it financially dis-
astrous to all who are interested in it. From sat-
isfactory evidence, laid before the Committee on
Naval Affairs, it appears that the entire cost of the
four steamers of this line, viz: the Atlantic, Pa-
