2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
but in a few moments the doors were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY,
Mr. ATCHISON moved that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to Monday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the proposition
to adjourn over to-morrow. I think there is no
necessity for it in any respect, or on any ground
whatever. I am opposed to adjourning1 over for
a single day, or a single hour, when the time can
be profitably employed in the transaction of the
business of this nation. For that reason I shall
object to the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
There can be no discussion upon a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. ATCHISON. But this is not a proposi-
tion to adjourn in such sense as precludes debate.
The rule says that a motion to adjourn shall be
decided without debate. This, however, is to de-
cide the time at which the Senate will again meet
when it adjourns to-day. It is a different ques-
tion from a mere question of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet again on Monday next.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think that question is open
to debate; but I do not intend to discuss this mat-
ter at all. The Senator from Texas [Mr. Hous-
ton] has stated that I have not the same apprecia-
tionofthe valueoftimethathehas. Thatassertion
may well be true. But, sir, I am quite willing to
compare work with that gentleman during the
present session. Work, sir, I say work! lama
member of a committee, and I examine evidence,
and documents, and make reports, andvdo all othei
work which a member of a Senate committee may
do, and should do, and which I think it is my
duty to do. I take my share of the labor—the
work. It is true that I do not occupy much of
the time of the Senate in making speeches. No,
air; and I must confess further that 1 am some-
times very restless under speeches.
Mr. President, to cut this matter short, allow
me to say that I do not wish to make any issue of
this kind with the Senator from Texas, although
he has tendered it. If I am not much mistaken,
that Senator, if not during the present session,
then during a former one, has gone home and
attended to his own private business.
A Senator. It was during the present session.
Mr. ATCHISON. My friend near me says it
was during-the present session. Well, in regard
to that I have nothing to say, except that the ser-
vices of the Senator are valuable here on all occa-
sions. He is a gentleman of experience, and his
opinions have great weight. I am willing to award
all this to him; I am willing to admit that his
labors are far more valuable than mine, and, per-
haps, far more valuable than those of many other
members of the Senate; I am willing to admit all
this; but I do not think that by an adjournment
over till Monday any time will be lost that could
be devoted in the Senate to the business of the
country. On Saturdays, and in the mornings be-
fore the meetings of the Senate, is all the time that
Senators have to transact office business, or to
attend to any private business that may demand
their attention. I know that many gentlemen of
this Senate have a large correspondence, which
they usually bring up on Saturdays, and even on
Sundays.
Mr, MASON. Oh, no; not on Sundays!
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir, on Sundays. I
have seen some of my friends at work on Sun-
days; and 1 do not know but that, if I called upon
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mason*] to give ev-
idence of the fact, I might prove it by himself.
[Laughter.]
But, sir, I see no necessity for the Senate sit-
ting to-morrow. I am satisfied that there would
not be a quorum present. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia might go on and make his speech, but I am
quite willing to give him a chance to make it on
Monday, and I am willing to listen to him, too, on
that day or any other day. I know that it is deli-
cacy on his part to ask for a meeting of the Senate
to-morrow, while I feel that it is courtesy on my
part to press this motion. I am willing to give him
one day next week—say Monday. To make a
speech to empty benches and an empty gallery—
why, sir, the thing is preposterous; not to be
thought of. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very sorry that my
friend from Missouri should have misapprehended
my position. I did not say, nor did I intend to
say, that the Senator from Missouri did not place
the same value on the time of the Senate that 1
did.
Mr. ATCHISON. I so understood the Sen-
ator.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said the gentleman might
not do so, but for certain reasons 1 did appreciate
the time of the Senate. At the same time, I in-
tended no reflection upon any one. But it cer-
tainty has been the uniform custom during this
session, to make this motion every Friday. One
gentleman, not now here, has been the habitual
mover of that question—I mean no disrespect—
that when we adjourn, we adjourn to meet on the
following Monday. That has been the case
throughout the whole session.
Now, Mr. President, I did go home, and the
very identical reason why I did so, was because
I had been so long in the Senate, that I had
learned to calculate, with considerable precision,
as to the time when the Senate might be expected
to engage in business in earnest, and how long
my services might be dispensed with. And if I
had started on my journey home before the
Christmas holidays, I might have had it in my
power to add another month to the leave I took.
Now, we have but little time left, and much busi-
ness to be done. A portion of the business must
be transacted, and if you set any reasonable time
for the final adjournment, it will take all the time,
being constantly employed, to transact all the
husiness which it is indispensableto have done. I
will accord to my friend from Missouri 
Mr. ATCHISON. The apology of theSenator
from Texas is quite sufficient. I am perfectly
satisfied with it.
Mr. GW1N. I have but a word to say. There
is a question of much importance to me and my
constituents which should be discussed to-mor-
row, and I intended to call it up to-morrow. I
know perfectly well that it will not be considered
of any great importance to the Senate generally.
It will be chiefly a law argument. But it is of
much importance to me to clear myself from mis-
representations on the subject. I cannot think of
occupying a day of next week with a question of
this kind, when we shall necessarily be engaged
in the transaction of important business. If I
cannot get to-morrow, I will not ask for any day
next week, but take my chance of being heard at
another time.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
from California may be gratified in his wishes,
and that the Senator from Missouri will withdraw
his proposition. I am sure he is very anxious to
have an opportunity to speak to-morrow, as, if he
does not, it is quite uncertain when he may have
an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will give him a chance
on Monday.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn over; and, on a division, there were—ayes
21, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL. *
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by the hand of Mr. P. B. Hayes,
its Chief Clerk, informing the Senate that the House
had passed a bill entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers," and asking the concurrence of the
Senate therein.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate take up
the river and harbor bill, which has been sent to
us from the House of Representatives, in order
that it may be referred to a committee.
Mr. MASON. 1 object.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg pardon. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Can we go into Executive session
when there is a matter before us without dispos-
ing of it? That is the question of order which I
raise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moved to take up the bill
named by him; the Senator from Virginia ob-
jected; I then put the question whether the Senate
would take up the bill, and as 1 understood by the
sound, the majority were opposed to it, and 1 an-
nounced the vote to be in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Chair to an-
nounce that the motion to take up the bill was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia objected to taking up the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair will pardon me. I
do not think this matter depends upon an objec-
tion. It is open to be taken up by a majority of
the Senate. If that question was not put, I wish
it put.
Mr. MASON. The question to take up the
bill which was called for by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, was decided in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; that is a mistake.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated that the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was to take up the bill. To this the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] objected. The Chair
then put the question to the Senate, on the motion
to take up the bill, and the Chair understood the
Senate to decide in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a mistake about this.
I wish the Senate to understand my object. I
sinpply asked that the bill might be taken up, in
order that it might be committed. That is the
motion which I made; and if the decision of the
Senate was in opposition to that motion, I cer-,
tainly did not comprehend that decision. The
whole thing was done in a very hasty manner. I
thought the Chair announced that the bill was
taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. And so did I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take the question again if such is the wish of the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment; I wish
to state a proposition. This is private bill day;
and under that rule which is absolute, no business
can be taken up unless a vote of the Senate be first
taken on a motion to lay aside the rule by which
private bills are to be exclusively considered on
Fridays. Such a motion has not been made, and
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts is
therefore not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will submit the question
in a shape that will perhaps be unobjectionable. I
move to suspend the rule in regard to private bills
in order to take up this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
Mr, MASON. I submit that the Chair an-
nounced the decision of the Senate in regard to
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
which was that the Senate refused to take up the
bill. That was the judgment of the Senate, and
I then made the motion to go into Executive ses-
sion.
Mr. RUSK. And that motion was carried.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope I may be al-
lowed to say, that we did not hear in this part of
the Chamber, either the motion, or the announce-
ment by the Chair, and I hope the question may
be stated again. I will take occasion to say, that
though the river and harbor bill was lost at the
last session by a course of tactics sometimes prac-
ticed here, and then employed by my friend near
me, that it will not be so lost again. The friends
of the bill will be ready for the contest in the ex-
penditure of time and the trial of nerve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to go into Executive session, unless there is a
motion to reconsider the vote refusing to take up
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg to state, that if there was
an announcement by the Chair, such as the Sen-
ator from Virginia understood, I only have to say,
that it was not so understood by the gentlemen
around me. They understood that the decision
was to take up the bill. Now, in consideration
of the state of things in the Senate at the time the
question was put, I submit to the Chair whether,
in fairness, the question should not be put again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Chair will
put it again with pleasure if such is the wish of
the Senate. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to say, that I
understood the announcement to be, that the vote
was in favor of taking up the bill. I remarked at
