1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
the time but two voices in the negative, while I
am sure there were as many as a dozen in favor
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairan-
nounced that there wasa majority in the negative;
and that the Senate refused to take up the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would ask if, after that,
there was not a motion to go into Executive ses-
sion, which passed, and which was announced by
the Chair as having passed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts objected before the decision
was announced.
Mr. WELLER. What had become of the pre-
vious motion, to proceed to the consideration of
Executive business, which had been carried 1 The
Presiding Officer had ordered the galleries to he
cleared and had abandoned the chair, and the
doors were closed; and then again the Presiding
Officer took the chair, and, without any motion,
the doors were opened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion was
made to reopen the doors, aud the doois were re-
opened.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Am 1 entitled to the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I appeal to honorable gen-
tlemen, and I submit to the decision of the Chair;
and I take this question as decided that the Senate
voted not to take up the bill; but when theSenate
considers the circumstances under which the vote
was taken I must say that we did not so under-
stand it here, or we should have asked for a divis-
ion. I ask whether it is not right that some gen-
tleman should ask for a reconsideration of the
vote. I cannot claim that right myself.
Mr. RUSK. I will attend to the request of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis;] but
before I move for a reconsideration of the vote, I
will make one or two remarks concerning this mat-
ter of internal improvements, and this river and
harbor bill. I may observe that it is one on
which it is well known that great diversity of
opinion exists in various parts of the country. It
is well known that it is regarded by many gentle-
men of high character for intelligence and un-
doubted patriotism, as unconstitutional. I must
say, further, thatsince 1 have had the honor of a
seat on this floor, that, with the exceptjon of one
time, it has always been forced upon us at the close
of a session, when there was no time for the con-
sideration due to a subject of so much importance.
There is a sort of system about this to which I ob-
ject, and against which I solemnly protest. There
are many national improvements for which I am
willing to vote, and to which I have no constitu-
tional objection; but there is another class to which
I have very serious objections, and that is to ap-
propriations of money out of the Treasury to in-
fluence the popular opinion in particular Congres-
sional districts.
Mr. President, this is a matter in which the
whole country is concerned—East, West, North,
and South—and one which furnishes strong temp-
tations for combinations and partial legislation. It
is a question in \Vhich every part of the country is
concerned from one extreme to the other. But,
sir, here we are at the end of a session of nine
months, when not a word can be said, or a reason
assigned, in favor of vast improvements which
are national in their character; and we are called
upon merely to register the estimates of some head
of a bureau who chooses to furnish thein.
Some of these improvements I am in favor of;
and under the circumstances under which the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts was dis-
posed of, I will move to reconsider the vote, in
order that the bill may go to the Committee on
Commerce; and I hope they will investigate the
whole subject. I know that that portion of the
country from which I come needs large improve-
ments, and the country will save by them. These
necessary improvements have been passed over
without receiving any attention, while hundreds
of thousands of dollars have been appropriated for
improvements of a purely local character, and of
very doubtful general benefit to the country.
Mr. GWIN. While the Senator from Texas
is making his suggestion to the Committee on
Commerce, I hope they will take into considera-
tion that there is a part of the territory of the Uni-
ted States on the Pacific coast which has never
been found out in any river and harbor bill yet.
We have about two thousand miles of ooast there
within the territory of the United States, and it
has never been ascertained by any committee in
preparing a river and harbor bill. I hope, while
taking into consideration the wants of the State of
Texas, the committee will look to that coast also
when examining the bill.
The motion to reconsider the vote refusing to
take the bill up was agreed to.
The question recurred on taking up the bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not know what is in
that bill. I am anxioua to vote for a reasonable
bill for the improvement of rivers and harbors. I
do not know what is in that bill, and I want to
know. I do not intend that it shall progress fur-
ther and faster than the Constitution allows. I
shall object to its being read more than once to-
day. 1 believe it cannot be read twice on the same
day, if it is objected to. I shall ask that the bill
be read through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on suspending the order of business for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
have its first reading.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let the bill be read through.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 move to dispense with
the reading of the bill, except by us title, if it is
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Any Senator
has a right to demand that the biil be read through.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know what the rule is,
but 1 know what the practice is. The practice,
when a bill is taken up for commitment, is to lead
it by the title. I have no earthly objection to its
being read throughout. If it is to be read through,
it may as well be read now as at any time. But
I submit to the Chair whether it is not according
to the rule to read a bill which is taken up for the
purpose of commitment, by us tule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The usual course
is to read a bill by its title a first and second time,
with a view to reference.
Mr. ATCHISON. Is it not competent to call
for the reading of the bill through ? Or cannot the
Senate, by unanimous consent, direct that it be
read by its title? This bill is about to be read a
first time. It has to be read a second time under
our rules, before it can be referred. Is not that
the case ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. ATCHISON. And one objection prevents
its second reading to-day. Therefore, I see no
object to be gamed in having the bill read through
now. It will be read a first time to-day, and, if
objected to, it must go over until Monday, before
it can be read a second time; and, after it is reada
second time, the motion will he made to refer, or
otherwise dispose of it. 1 ask the Senator from
Alabama, then, to withdraw his request to have
the bill read through, and let it be read a first time
by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re-
quires that the three readings of a bill shall be on
three separate days. Any one Senator objecting,
will postpone the second reading of the bill, as a
matter of course, to another day.
Mr. CLEMENS. I shall object to its being
read more than once to-day. Let it be read by
its title.
The bill was then read a first time by its title—
"An act making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers."
Mr. DAVIS. I now move that it be read a sec-
ond time, with a view to reference.
Mr. MASON. 1 object to that. I understand
that it cannot be read a second time on the same
day, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the point. The bill
may be ordered to a second reading. When it
has been so ordered, the Senator can object to its
second reading to-day, if he sees fit.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am not satisfied that this
is parliamentary. I know it is the usage of the
Senate. But the bill has been read a first time,
and to-morrow the second reading comes up, as a
matter of course, unless the Senate make a fur-
ther order. Why insist, then, on taking a vote as
to whether it shall be ordered to a second reading?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the Senate to order the bill to a second
reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. The question is, whether the
bill shall be read a second time. If that is agreed
to, the question will come up, whether it shall be
read a second time now, that is, if it is asked for;
but, then, an objection will prevent its being read
to-day.
The bill was ordered to be read a second time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that it may be read a sec-
ond time now, with a view to its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER and Mr. CLEMENS objected;
consequently, the bill was not read a second time.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SHCELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of" Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 30, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
following bill was ordered to be laid on the table,
viz: " A bill granting the right of wayand making
i a grant of land to the State of Michigan, to aid
* in the construction of the Oakland and Ottawa
' Railroad, commencing at the village of Pontiac,
' in the county of Oakland,and terminating on the
' navigable waters of Lake Michigan,in the county
' of Ottawa."
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of privilege.
It will be remembered by the House that a few
days ago—I believe upon the 20th instant—I had
the honor to address the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on the presidential
question. In the course of my speech.after read-
ing a letter from the National Intelligencer signed
" Americus," I used this language:
" The authorship of this communication was charged
upon Getieial Scott. by prominent Wings, who desired to
defeat hn  nomination in 184S. Neither Geneial Scott nor
any friend for hnn has had the hardihood to deny but that
its' paternity belonged to hnn. The charge has now been
made m the Union, under the very eyes of General Scott.
He dare not deny it. 1 repeat tlio charge here m the Amer-
ican Congress. Will any gentleman on the Whig side of
the House rise in his place and deny the charge? I pause
for an answei. None, none daie make the denial. Let
this, then, be set down as one of ' the known incidents in
General Scott's public life,' and let our Irish and German
friends take good heed how they cast their votes for any
man holding and avowing <«uch sentiments. Xjetthem read
the views of General Scott, and be warned m tnne. ' Being
foiewarned let thein be toreauned.' "
Mr. STANLY. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to know what is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rose, as he stated, to a question of privilege.
Mr. STANLY. What is that question of priv-
ilege ?
Mr. OLDS. I am now stating it as fast as I
can.
Mr. STANLY. Thegentleman is reading from
a newspaper. Is that a question of privilege?
Mr. OLDS. It is a question of veracity be-
tween myself and my colleague, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman can reply to
his colleague in some other way. That is not a
question of privilege. I object to it; I always
have objected to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been unable
to perceive that there is any question of privilege
involved in what the gentleman from Ohio has
thus far stated.
Mr. OLDS. I state that the question of privi-
lege is a question of veracity between my colleague
[Mr. Bell] and myself.
Mr. STANLY. That is no question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
there is any question of privilege involved in that.
Mr. OLDS. I hope gentlemen upon the other
side of the House will not object to my proceeding.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
BEL.LEVIEW LAND BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I repeat the request which I
made to the House yesterday morning, to take up
Senate bill No. 316, ceding certain land to the
