1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
DAVID C. CASH AND GILES V. ELLIS."
House bill No. 51, for the relief of David C.
Cash and Giles U. Ellis, reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, next came up in order
for consideration.
The bill having been read,
Mr. WILCOX. I desire to submit a few re-
marks upon the questions involved in the passage
of this bill. It seems that during the Seminole
war, Mr. Ellis and Mr. Cash, the one as a private
^tnd the other as a lieutenant, received for distribu-
tion certain public property from R. R. Crum, a
legally authorized quartermaster of the Govern-
ment. They distributed that public property
under proper regulations and orders of their com-
manding officer. In the reception of this property
they would sign their vouchers as acting assistant
quartermasters, and regularly appointed quarter-
masters of the Government. At the conclusion of
the war, they made an application to the Govern-
ment for whatever pay might be due to them, the
one as a private and the other as a lieutenant upon
the musterr-roll. They were denied what they
considered their just dues by the Government,
from the simple fact, that from an inspection of
the papers which were returned from the quarter-
master's department, they found a deficit ill the
public property; and the Government now seeks
to hold them responsible for the distribution ©f the
same. There seems to be a failure, so far as the
quartermaster is concerned, to make his return to
the Government, thereby throwing a seeming lia-
bility upon Cash and Ellis, who were his agents.
The Government refused to pay them what was
their due, from the simple fact that they signed
their vouchers, as acting assistant quartermasters.
It is a well-settled legal principle in the interpre-
tation. of instruments of writing, that the intent
and meaning of the parties by such writing is to
govern, and nothing can be more consonant with
sound reason; and while it is equally well settled
that a party by parol contemporaneous evidence
cannot "contradict or vary" the terms of a
written instrument, yet parol evidence is admis-
sible " to explain written instruments'' in order to
an ascertainment of their just meaning, namely,
"by showing the situation of the party in all his
' relations to persons and things around him, or, as
'• elsewhere expressed, by proof of the surround-
< ing circumstances," or if "the terms be vague
' and general, or have divers meanings. _ ' * *
' In all these and Ike like cases, parol evidence is
' adrnissable of any extrinsic circumstances, tending
< to show what person or persons or what things
' were intended by the party, or to ascertain his
* meaning in any other respect; and this without
' any infringement of the rule, which, as we have
' seen, only excludes parol evidence of other lan-
' guage declaring his meaning than that which is
' contained in the instiument itself." The above
quotations are from Greenleaf's Evidence, vol. 1,
p. 412, where will be found numerous authorities
in support of the same doctrine.
Now, the only question is, What was the
meaning of Giles TJ. Ellis and David C. Cash in
signing themselves, the former as "Assistant
Quartermaster at Fort Gilleland" and "Acting
Quartermaster at Fort Gilleland," and the latter
as "Acting Assistant Commissary" and "Acting
Commissary of Subsistence.'" and thisineaning
we are to deduce according to the rule lai&ljlown,
not by the addition of other language t|pi that
expressed, but by explanation _ of the language
actually used, by its consideration in connection
with tlie circumstances with which the transaction
is connected. Neither Ellis nor Cash were agents
of the United States in the Quartermaster's or
Commissary's Departments. This position is in-
controvertible, for the United States did not ap-
point them as such, nor were they so recognized
by act of Congress; and Crum, the quarter-
master, had, of course, no power to appoint them
agents of the United States in either of those De-
partments.
What, then, without any reference to contem-
poraneous parol evidence, were those officers *
They were not acting or assistant quarteimasters
or commissaries by appointment of the Q.uartei-
master's or Commissary's Departments. Nor
were they such by recognition of law. K. K.
Crum was the legally-recognized officer and agent
of the United States for the Quartermaster s De-
partment. Again, it will not^be pretended that
R. R. Crum, the quartermaster recognized by
law, or- any other officer of the staff, had any
power either to appoint an agent or an assistant
to act for the United States in the Gtuartermaster's
or Commissary's Department, or had power to
delegate his own authority to another, for " the
true doctrine," as stated by Story on Agency,
p. 17, " to be deduced from the decisions is, (and
' it is entirely coincident with the dictates of na-
' tural justice,) that the authority is exclusively
' personal, unless, from the express language used,
' or from the fair presumptions growing out of the
' particular transactions, or of the usage of trade,
' a broader power was intended to be conferred on
'the agent."
It is not contended that any such broad power
was given to Mr. Crum, either directly or indi-
rectly. Of course, therefore, he could substitute
no one to perform his official duties and to be
accountable in his stead to his principal, the
United States. He might employ sub-agents, and
this was all he could do. With this, however, the
! Government (the principal) has nothing to do.
j It neither enjoins, nor forbids, their employment,
i It is a matter purely between the officer and his
! agent. If he deems it necessary for the perform-
1 ance of his duty, he has the right to employ all
necessary means for the performance of that duty,
and whoever he may employ is responsible to
him, unless there is privity between the Govern-
ment (his principal) and himself, concerning the
employment of the sub-agent.
The law on the subject is stated in Story on
Agency, p. 486, to be, " that if an agent employs
' a sub-agent to do the whole, or any part of the
' business of his agency, without the knowledge
' or consent of the principal, express or implied,
' there, inasmuch as no privity exists in such a
' case between the principal and the sub-agent,
' the sole remedy of the latter is against his imme-
* diate employer, and his sole responsibility is also
' to him."
The principal in these cases (the Government)
had no knowledge of the appointment of sub-agents,
and gave no consent thereto; nor, as heretofore
stated, was there any appointment to them, or
any legal recognition of them in any form ffs the
direct agents of the Government. Whatever their
authority was, therefore, it was wholly and exclu-
sively derived from Crum, the quartermaster, and
j could be, as has been shown, derived from no
' other source, and their accountability is likewise
wholly and exclusively to said Crum as his sub-
| agents.
! This conclusion is irresistible from the nature
! of the case itself, and without resorting, to sustain
| it, to the rule respecting evidence, which is laid
i down in the books, and referred torn the first part
I of this paper, to wit: That it is competent for a
j party to adduce parol evidence to explain his writ-
| ten instrument, in order to arrive at its just mean-
' ing and true intent, which is always to govern.
I But if recourse is had to the legal rule referred
i to, it will surely serve to confirm this conclusion,
and to remove every doubt as to the sub-agency,
: and as to the accountability of the sub-agents,
j Each of these parties signs himself as "assistant,"
I " acting assistant," or " acting" quartermaster or
' commissary. The words " assistant," " acting
i assistant," and " acting," clearly imply an agen-
j cy—that the parties thus signing are not acting
i for themselves, or in their own right, but for
! another. But it is nowhere stated who they are
agents for, and certainly there is nothing in the
! writing to furnish that information. Still less is
| there an implication even, that they are agents of
!i the United States.
; Now the rule of evidence comes in to explain
I' whose assistants or agents the parties are. (See
'[! authority before adverted to for admitting explan-
j: atory parol evidence, Greenleaf, vol. 1, p. 412.)
Without this explanation the writing is incorn-
i! plete and unintelligible in respect of the important
I ■ item as to whose agents the parties are. For the rule
I is, that the meaning of the writing must be ascer-
ii tained from " the meaning of the words" parties
I. << have used" in the writing itself, and the duty of
h the court is " merely a duty of interpretation;
1 " that is, to find out the true sense of the terms as
the parties used them. (Greenleaf, vol. 1, p. 399. )
Now the writing is incomplete, for wherein is It
made to appear therefrom for whom, tills & Cash
acted > and this being unquestionably its state of
incompleteness and consequent uncertainty, as
Greenleaf has it in another place (vol. 1, p. 4Uo)
equally in point with the reference on pagfe 412 of.
same volume: " -
" When the agreement in writing is expressed
' in short and incomplete terms, parol evidence is
' admissible, to explain that which is per se unin- -
' telligible, such explanation not being-inconsistent-
' with the written terms;" and on same page he
adds: " To ascertain the meaning of these words,
' (the words used in the written instrument,) it is
' obvious that parol evidence of extraneous facts
| ' and circumstances, may in some cases be admit-
| ' ted to a very great extent, without in any wise
j ' infringing the spirit of the" general rule exelu-
I ding parol evidence of the language of parties.
| The admissibility of parol evidence being estab-
I lished in these particular cases, as well as the pro-
priety and necessity of its application thereto, it
! only remains to refer to that adduced in support
! of the application of the memorialists,consisting,
! independently of the testimony of the parties in-
! terested, (Ellis & Cash.) and also of that of Crum,
i the officer for whom they acted, of the affidavits
' m Ellis's case, of six credible and competent wit-
! nesses, and in Cash's of that of the commanding
officer of th' detachment in which Cash also was -
an officer—all explaining the true meaning of the
1 writing by supplying what was absolutely neces-
sary to make the instrument intelligible and per-
spicious, or, indeed, to give it any practical use
or effect.
This testimony, it is conceived, is sufficient evi-
dence that the present applicants were sub-agents,
accountable alone to their immediate principal, m
R. R. Crum, and of course (and what we wish to
establish by this argument) that they etinnot be
i held liable or accountable by the United States for
| the public property received by them as the agents
of Crum, which it is proved they were.
| In conclusion, sir, permit me to say, that R.
\ R. Crum, in his affidavit, says that these, his
l agents, acted in good faith, and accounted to him
! faithfully for all the supplies which they received
I from him as duartermaster or Commissary of
l Subsistence—that they turned over to him all their
! receipts, papers, and vouchers. It is plain, then,
| sir, that lie is the only party responsible to the
I Government, and that Ellis & Cash should be re-
i lieved from liability, and paid whatever may he
j due them on the muster-rolls for their services—
I the one as private and the other as lieutenant in
] the Seminole war.
i 1 thought it proper upon this occasion, in sheer
'Justice to the gentlemen concerned, to submit
j these remarks.
! The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
\ the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
< JOHN W. ROBINSON.
j House bill No. 52, for the relief of John W.
j Robinson, reported from the Committee on Inva-
j lid Pensions, coming up in order, was considered,
j and laid aside, to be reported to the House, with
; the recommendation that it do pass,
i GARDNER HERRING.
' House bill No. 53, for the relief of Gardner
Herring, reported from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, coming up m order for consideration,
was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. FOWLER. I would like to have the re-
port accompanying this bill read.
; The CHAIRMAN. The reports are not
] printed in any of these cases. They were sent to
I the printer.
| j\lr. FOWLER. I would like to hear the rea-
sons for it.
i Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The report m
1 this case shows the petitioner was disabled in the
military service during the war of 1812. It is a
| case that has been before this House for a number
: of years. It is my belief that at every session of
I Congress since it has been here reports have been
j made favorable to the claim. Bills have repeatedly
: passed, but failed between the two Houses, aspn-
; vate bills too frequently do. There has never
S been a report made against it. The proof in the
. case clearly shows his disability and his service.
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Have bills
passed this House?
! Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. They have.
! Mr. FOWLER. Why has not this case been
i presented to the Pension Department?
i Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Inconsequence
i of the fact that the party is unable to make the
i proof in compliance with the strict rule required
