206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
by the Pension Department; yet no one can doubt
the truth of every material fact.
Mr. FICKLIN. Do I understand the Chair to
state that reports intended to accompany these
bills have not been printed ?
The CHAIRMAN. So I understand from the
Clerk.
Mr. FICKLIN. That being the fact, and as it
is unsafe to pass these bills without a knowledge
of the facts, X move the committee rise.
I Cries of'' Agreed !" " Agreed!"]
Mr. FOWLER. We ought not to pass them
without the reports.
Mr. FICKLIN demanded tellers on his motion,
which were not ordered; and the question being
then taken the committee refused to rise.
There being no further objection, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
SILAS CHAMPION.
House bill No. 54, "for the relief of Silas
Champion," reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions by Mr. Harris, of Tennessee,
was next taken up for consideration, which bill
was then read through.
Mr. FOWLER. I would like to hear the re-
port upon this case.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not printed.
Mr. FOWLER. I then would like to hear
from the chairman a statement of the facts.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I regret the fact
, that these reports are not yet printed. The facts
of this case as they appeared before the commit-
tee, as far as I recollect them, are: that Silas
Champion volunteered in 1814 upon an emergency.
He was at the battle of Plattsburg. The proof
shows that the night after the battle, whilst acting
as sentinel, he was exposed to a cold and inces-
sant rain. Up to that service the proof further
shows that he was a very sound, healthy, and in-
dustrious man. Upon the very next morning
after this exposure, he was attacked with a fevet
and an inflammatory rheumatic, affection. This
disease continued for a number of weeks,perhaps
months, from the effect of which he has never
recovered. The testimony of the physicians
shows that he is totally disabled in consequence
of it. These are, I believe, the main facts. I re-
gret that the report is not before the House.
Mr. FOWLER. I also regret that the report
in each of these cases is not before the House, and
I concur with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ficklin,] that we are acting blindfold, and ought
not to proceed. Pevhaps when I can see the facts
in this case, I shall be ready to vote far this bill.
I think it highly probable; but 1 wish to act with
my eyes open, and witli the liejlit that may be laid
before us. I move, as the bills are not printed,
and we cannot go forward understandingly, that
the committee rise.
Mr. MASON. There is but two or three more
of these small bills for the committee to pass upon,
and I hope the committee will not rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The bill was then laid aside, with a recommenda-
tion to the House that it do pass.
PHILIP MILLER.
House bill No. 55, for the relief of Philip Mil-
ler, reported from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, next came up for consideration. It was
read throug-h by the Clerk.
Mr. FOWLER. I again call for the report. I
want light before I act.
The CHAIRMAN. The report is not printed.
Mr. MARTIN. I made that report upon a
full investigation of the facts of the case. This
bill has been before the House, I think, every ses-
sion since 1848. Favorable reports have uniformly
been made in this case. At almost every session
of this House a bill has been passed, but failed m
the Senate for want of time. The applicant is an
old man; and at the time of application was seventy-
three years of age. His wounds were received in
the spy sen ice upon the frontier of Virginia. The
fact of the existence of the man, and his decrepi-
tude, are well sustained by proofs—by a member
upon this flot>r, in whose district in the State of
Kentucky he now resides. I think the claim is a
meritorious one—one that ought to pass. The
report is full and ample. The committee adopted
the report previously made, with a statement of
some additional facts.
A Member. Why havewe not a report?
Mr. MARTIN. I do not know. It was sent
up with the bill to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ALLISON. When we are seeking for
objects upon which to bestow favor, I think we
should have confidence in the committee that have
investigated claims of this kind to adopt them,
where they are recommended by the committee.
I have no doubt that a large majority of this
House would at once adopt a report^ made by a
committee constituted as that committee is; but
when it is to relieve the wants and distresses of
those who have suffered in our wars, I think we
should not question the propriety of the report of
the committee. It is very well, sir, the gentleman
who makes a report, accompanied with a bill,
should explain in a few words the ground upon
which it is made. While it is not in print upon
our desks, members should know what they are
doing. Yet this class of claims should be pre-
ferred to all others. It is the claim of the old sol-
dier, who comes here and asks that you will give
him some relief in his declining years. I hope
the committee will not rise until all these claims
shall be heard, and favorably passed upon. While
we are ready to spend thousands of dollars for
purposes of doubtful propriety, I hope we shall
not chaffer about a few dollars to those who have
come forward when their country needed their
service, and may be their lives. I repeat, I hope
we will not rise until these claims have all been
heard, and favorably passed upon.
The bill was then ordered to be laid aside, to
be reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
AI.BRA TRIPP.
House bill No. 56, reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions for the relief of Albra Tripp,
was next considered, and ordered tobe laid aside,
and reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
JOSEPH JOHNSTON.
1-fouse bill No. 57, reported from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions for the relief of Joseph
Johnston, came up next in order for consideration.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. FOWLER. I feel extremely reluctant
to object in this case. Perhaps all these cases are
meritorious. I am bound to believe so; but my
faith must rest upon no basis whatever, when
there is nothing before this House to sustain these
cases—no repoit having been printed and laid
upon our tables. Therefore, that I may act un-
derstandingly, I ask for the facts in this case.
Mr. KUHNS. It was several days since that
I reported the bill to the House, ana the facts in
some measure have escaped my recollection.
They are in general evidences of a series of very
important services rendered by Joseph Johnston
along the frontier of Canada, through a very in-
clement season of the year. The company of
which he was a member were engaged in several
severe skirmishes with the enemy. They con-
quered in every instance, and brought off tri-
umphantly upon several occasions numerous pris-
oners from the British army. This case is sup-
ported by the most ample testimony not only in
regard to his courage as a soldier, but also in re-
gard to the important services he rendered to his
country. The evidence is clear and conclusive
that in that service he contracted a disease which,
from that hour to this, has rendered him totally
disabled and incapable of discharging the duties
to himself and family. The case appeals more
strongly than any 1 have yet witnessed to the
justice of the country. I may say, that the testi-
mony is voluminous and irrefragable in his be-
half, and so conclusive that in every instance—
which I believe amount to four in all—where this
case has been brought to the consideration of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, the committee
have reported in his favor. Nothing has de-
layed this meritorious claim but a want of time
for the action of both branches of the Legislature
upon it.
And here I may say, for the information of this
gentleman, and other gentlemen who feel an inter-
est in protecting the funds of the Government, and
who feel, perhaps, a like interest that justice shall
be awarded to those to whom justice is due, that
in every case that has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, the case has m the first
instance undergone a careful scrutiny of a member
of that committee to whom it had been specially
referred. Upon his report, the case has again
undergone the investigation and closest scrutiny of
every member of the committee before it receives
their approbation, and before instructions are given
to the member to report it to the House. I have
seen scrutiny in courts of justice—I have seen the
scrutiny of different tribunals, and I am free to say
here, in the face of this House and country, that
no case has passed our committee and been di-
rected to be reported to this House which has not
undergone the closest scrutiny, both as to the law
and facts of the case. No case has come from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to this House but
has merit and justice in it, entitling it to claims
upon the country and upon Congress, which is to
administer justice according to the laws and equity
of the country.
Now, this petitioner has been knocking at the
door of Congress—I do not know how many
years. I sent to the Clerk's table to obtain the re-
port of the committee, so as to lay the facts before
the House, but it seems that report is not printed.
I regret it, because I would like to bring before the
House all of the facts in the case, speaking out, as
they do, their own merits in language that cannot
be misunderstood. I hope, therefore, the gentle-
man is satisfied, and I hope Congress will award
to this meritorious case the justice it demands. I
would be glad to give to the House the particular
dates; but, under the circumstances, I cannot fur-
nish them at this period, because it is some two
weeks since I examined the case and made a re-
port of the facts. I dismissed them from my recol-
lection, relying upon that report forthe exhibition
of them to the House. I khow that it is a claim
based not upon any fictitious foundation, but one
having in it the highest merit; one which has re-
ceived the sanction of three or four committees in
its favor. I take that as prima facie evidence, at
least, that there is something meritorious in the
claim.
The bill was then laid aside, and ordered to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
ROBERT MILLIGAN.
The House bill No. 58, reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, forthe relief of Robert
Milhgan, coming up next in order, was read
through by the Clerk.
Mr. EASTMAN. I had the honor to report
that bill, and will state to those interested the facts
of this case, as I recollect them. A jiension of
four dollars per month was granted this man for
several years, as stated in the bill. Testimony
was produced before the committee, which was of
such a character that it was believed, showing
i that, since that bill passed, he has become totally
: disabled by the wounds he had received, so much
1 so that it was impossible for him to perform any
kind of manual labor; hence he has to rely solely
upon his pension for his support. The commit-
tee, upon that state of facts, which were suffi-
| ciently established, have reported a bill granting
i him an additional four dollars per month.
j The question was then taken, and the bill was
| ordered to be reported to the House, with a rec-
i ommendfttion that it do pass.
i |f SYLVANUS BLOBGET.
! The CHAIRMAN stated that the next bill in
' order, No. 59, was a bill from the Committee on
j Invalid Pensions, for the relief of Sylvanus
! Blodget.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. EASTMAN said: The reason why this
man has not been entitled to a pension before is,
that he was not regularly mustered into the ser-
viee of the United States at the time of the war
between Great Rritain and the United States, in
1812. He was at the battle of Plattsburg, called
from theState of Vermont, and served there as one
of the militia. From exposure there hecontracted
a disease, which has totally disabled him from per-
forming manual labor. Thisappears from numer-
ous depositions and evidence furnished to the com-
mittee, who, after scrutinizing the whole mass of
the testimony in the most careful manner, came
to the unanimous conclusion, that, if there ever
was a meritorious case before them, this was one.
Mr. FOWLER. Is this the first time the ap-
plication has been brought here ?
