1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Now, how can it be said that the English have
given a better support, and a larger support, to
the Cunard line, than we have given to the Col-
lins line ? That is one of the grounds upon which
this appropriation is invoked. Why, it is found
that the English have given, for fifty-two trips, a
sum, as stated by the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, I think, of
$660,000.
Mr. RUSK. Six hundred and ninety-six thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, that is less than
$14,000 a trip. The English give the Cunard line
less than §14,000, and we give the Collins line
about $19,000 a trip; yet the Collins line conies in
here for more assistance. It is proposed to give
Mr. Collins §33,000 a trip, to enable him to sus-
tain this great contest.
Mr. RUSK. I presume the honorable Senator
does not wish to be mistaken. He has referred
to me for one of ins statements, and I hope he
will allow me to correct him on that point. The
annual pay, according to the last accounts I have
seen, (and 1 understand it is from an estimate of
the Admiralty)) of the Cunard line, is $696,000.
To arrive, however, at the conclusion to which
the honorable Senator does, that we make a larger
payment to the Collins line than the English Gov-
ernment does to the Cunard line, he includes the
advance, as he chooses to term it, by this Govern-
ment, of $385,000 to the Collins line.
Mr. HUNTER. We pay them that amount
annually.
Mr. RUSK. But I understand the Senator to
include the $385,000 given as an advance, as he
called it.
Mr. HUNTER.. I stated that fact.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; and I wish to put the
Senator right about it. The advance was made
by act of Congress, to enable them to complete
then* ships. The $385,000 were to be paid back
to the Government, in annual instalments of ten
per cent., with six per cent, interest on the amount,
and there has been paid back under that arrange-
ment, out of that amount of $385,000, the sum of
s77,5i)0.
Mr. HUNTER. That does not alter the main
statement upon which I relied in the comparison.
We give them ^385,000 a year for twenty trips.
That is a compensation of something like $19,000
a trip. This statement has no reference to any
sums heretofore advanced to them, and I say that
is a larger compensation per trip than the English
give to the Cunard steam-ships; and yet, notwith-
standing that, it is now proposed to give them
^33,000 a trip—a great deal more than twice what
is appropriated by the British Government to the
Cunarders per trip.
But, sir, the statement has been madeclsewhere,
if not here, (for 1 have had appeals made to me
upon that ground,) that the Collins steamers were
bringing enough, or very nearly enough, m the
shape of postages to compensate the Government
for what had been expended upon them. Let us
see how that is. Here isa statement,given to me
by the Post Oflice Depaitment, of the amount of
postages brought in by the Collins line, from the
57th of April,'1850, to the 3Jst of March, 1852,
which is a period of very nearly two years. The
amount thus brought in has been $3*73,337; and
it is to be observed, thi.t of this smn, ($373,337,)
the Collins line itself only brought in two thirds.
Upon every sea letter twenty-four cents are
charged, of which the British Government receives
three cents for inland postage; the United States
receives five cents for inland postage, and sixteen
cents are left to to the account of the steamers,
or only two thirds of twenty-four cents. There-
fore, all that can be justly or properly credited to
the Collins line is two thirds of the amount of
$373,337, with certain exceptions to which I now
come. One is, the newspaper postage, which
amounts to $46,858. That is, as far as I can as-
certain, the entire amount of the newspaper post-
age brought in not only by the Collins, but, by the
Havre, and Bienien,and the Cunard line;and that
is the entire amount which we receive not only
for the sea postage, but for the inland postage, on
newspapers. Therefore, the whole amount of this
newspaper postage is not, and cannot be, properly
a credit to the Collins line. How much should
be credited to them I suppose no man is prepared
to say—certainly not half the amount. I have
endeavored to ascertain at the Department how
much of it was fairly to be credited to the Collins
line, but I have not been able to do so.
The next item for which perhaps credit may be
claimed is, the balance of the closed mails, $90,150.
A portion of this is a credit to the Collins line;
but 1 believe that far the larger portion of it should
be no credit to them. These closed mails are for
this purpose: The British are allowed to send a
closed mail through to their provinces, from New
York and Boston, at so many cents per ounce.
They are also allowed to send a closed mail by
our steamers from New York to the West Indies.
This amount of $90,150 is the aggregate that was
received for sending all the closed mails. Observe,
also, these closed mails are not brought by the
Collins line only, but are also brought by the
Cunard line. Some come by the Bremen and
Havre lines, so that it is impossible to tell what
proportion of this property belongs to the credit
of the Collins line—piobably not one half of it.
But if you will take the whole of thes* items
for closed mails, and for newspapers, and add them
to two thirds of $373,337 received from postages
by the Collins line, within a period of nearly two
years, you would still have a sum vastly under
what we have given them, by way of compensa-
tion during that period, at the rate of $385,000 a
year. The whole, sir, would not equal the amount
of one year's bounty. So, then, it is not true
that they receive less compensation than the Brit-
ish give to the Cunarders per trip. Nor is it true,
that they have brought in to us, by the receipts of
postage which are fairly to be credited to them,
anything like the'sum which they ha\ e already
cost us.
Well, then, what does this amendment mean,
when fairly considered? It is a proposition to
enable Mr. Collins and his company to pail these
; steam-ships as they may choose, from the proceeds
of the Treasury of the United States. They are to
sail the ships as they choose. And how, I submit,
is national credit, or national reputation concerned
m such a contest as this 11 Why, we all know that,
if we open the doors and enable the owners of
steam-ships and steam lines to come in to be sup-
plied with money ad libitum, out of the Treasury,
we can maintain that sort of competition with
Great Britain. But. what do we gain by such an
achievement, after we have accomplished it5 It
would be an achievement, I admit, if we were to
develop a self-sustaining business. It would
be an achievement if we were to develop a
new resource, which hereafter would sustain it-
self and redound to the profit and credit of the
country. But is ii any crcdit to us to siaceed in
this barren contest, not for power, for it would
give us no power, but merely to gratify this desire
to sail a ship across the Atlantic as fast as the
English ships, if we do so at the expense of our
National Treasury? When we come to examine
it a little further, we shall find that we do it by
ingrafting a dangerous principle upon our system
of legislation; that we do it hv iniiictrnv; yivm in-
justice upon other and meritorious classes of the
community; that we do it to the injury of branch
of the navigating business which is sdf-'«wxtaininu,
and which can sustain itself, if tin- G~nernment
does not interfere to favor others at us expenses.
Sir, is there anything, in such a triumph as this,
to be effected by legislation so unjust, whuh can
gratify national" pride- Would it not evite a far
difiVrent emotion in the minds of those who look
to wise and just legislation as the chief glory of
the country ?
Upon what principle is it, then, that we thus
justify the grant of this bounty, this mere gratuity,
to enable steam lines to carry freight a>id passen-
gers at the expense of the Government5 1 know
that, at one time, it was said that we could thus
maintain a navy upon cheaper terms than we could
without this system. It was said tii.U it was a
substitute for a navy. Under that pbiusible and
seductive cry, many, I know, were earned off; but
1 believe that there are very few who now main-
tain that it is m this way that we i an build up a
steam navy. Why, the very officers who reponed
upon these ships when they were Lxam.u^el, have
said, in relation to them, that the term in the con-
tract that they should be adapted to war pin poses
was indefinite; that a vessel might be used for
many purposes in war, and yet not be fitted for
war steamers. Commodore M. C. Perry and
Commander R. B. Cunningham, in their repoit,
aoy:
(l In the conversion of these vessels to war purposes,
considerable alteration would be required ; and though they
can never be made equal to those steameis originally de
signed and constructed expressly for the Navy, su'j, thej
can be rendered available in cased of emejgericy, and with
out any very great disbursement of inonpy.1'
Commander Cunningham, in his report, says:
" The term 4 adapted to war purpose^,' u&ed. I believe, m
all contract-, heretofore made by the Government, with i.i
dividual* or companies, is, m my opinion, too vague and
general to admit of strict or ricid construction. A sea
Mtedmer mo> m truth be taid to be adapted to war purposes,
in a certain degiee, when she is capable of transporting a
laree body of men, with their neces&ary baggace and mu-
nitions of war from anj one point to any other point on our
Atlantic cofu-t—be fully e<juai to the severe duty of town's
the largest ela s of line-of battleships m or out ot action,
as the cane may be—and yet be incapable, from thy slight
eoiistruction of her uppei woi't*, of eanymg three hcavv
pivot guns or a «mafi battery of carriage gun?."
In the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
which is to be found in the same document, it will
be seen that he distinctly repudiates the idea that
these steamers are fit for the purposes of war
steamers. Who would take any war steamer,
built for the purposes of war, either in the British
or American service, and attempt to maintain a
competition with steam-ships for passengers and
freight? Why not? Eecause, in fitting steamers
for war, they are necessarily so heavy m their
construction that they cannot have the requisite
speed to accomplish such purposes as the Collins
liners and the Cunarders accomplish.
Again: Iha\e heard it doubted by officers of
the Navy, in whose opinions I have great reliance,
whether side-wheel steamers can be com erted into
j efficient war steameis. I have heard it doubted
I whether the side-wheel itself does not incapacitate
j a steamer; whether it does not prevent the train-
! mg of the guns properly; whether the machinery
! of such steamers is not so much exposed as to
| cause them to be disabled at the commencement
| of an action; whether, in short, any but a ship
that has its wheel m the stern can be fitted up for
' war purposes. Cut these are questions with which
I do not meddle. They belong to "experts:''
and I do not claim to belong to that class. I
, only speak of such information as I have derived
i from conversation with some of the most intelh-
i gent officers in our service. But suppose, for the
1 purpose of testing this thing, that the British were
■ to undertake to convert their navy—the vessels
1 which move by sails—to the carrying of freight
| and passengers, should we emulate them, by en-
! gaging m the same business 5 Suppose that a
: company were to come here from New York or
Boston, and say that, if the Government would
1 help them, they would build such packets to move
by sails as could lie converted into war ships here-
, after; mid that, in the mean time, if we would give
, them so much per annum, they would carry pas-
sengers and freight, would any one think of agree-
ing to any such proposition 5 No, sir. And yet
such vessels of commerce could be as easily con-
verted into ships-of-war as these commercial
, steamers could be used for the puiposes of wai.
The real uurpnse was to build up a steam marine
by bounties and the aid of Government; and the
| naval service was rather the pretext than the ob-
ject.
Then it conies to tnis, that we must maintain
this line, cost what it may, in this struggle of
national rivalry; because, if we do not (and that
is the real ground on which the appeal is made)
the British will sust.-an their steamers, and then
they will get the business of transporting by steam,
1 freight, passengers,and mails—that they will thus
acquire a monopoly of the business, and that we
shall notha\ e ourshare. Clearly, then, theobjecth
to estabhfdi acorn nercia' steam marine by Govern -
ment bounties. Now, I c.sk if that is not precise-
ly the ai .rument \\ uh which the iron men come
to us and ask fnr more protection 5 What dothev
say? They say just as it is said for the Collins
line, that the British have raised up their works
by a long system of protection. They say, " (Jive
us protection, that ours may become sufficiently
strong and secure to withstand the effects of com-
petition.'' The Collins hue men say, " Give us
this assistance for a while, and we will become a
self-sustaining enterprise: we will find that wc-
shall be able to sustain ourselves—that the busi-
ness will support Kseli." The iron men say,
<{ Give us a little more protection for awh/ie,and,
after some time, these duties will no longer be
necessary, for we shall be able to sustain our-
seht* ill "the face of all competition."
