1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
was no neglect of duty upon the part of the post-
master at Hawesville.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When was this ?
Mr. GREY. It was the 10th or 11th of Feb-
ruary, 1850. He applied to the Auditor to allow
him credit for this $110, but he said that he had
no authority to do so. He proves by the post-
master at Louisville that the mail which arrived
at that time at Louisville was broken open, and
letters extracted, fiom Hawesville. There were
six or eight letters sent in that mail from Hawes-
ville, but one or two of which were-received* The
postmaster at Louisville said the mail had evident-
ly been robbed, but the boat had gone to Cincin-
nati, and he would wait till it came back, and see
whether the letters could not be recovered; but
nothing was heard from them. He then applied
to the General Post Office, to have the money
allowed him; but the Auditordecided that the laws
regulating the Post Office Department prohibited
him from doing so, and lecommeuded him to pe-
tition to Congress for relief, with the expression
of opinion that there would be no difficulty if he
could show that there was no neglect on his part.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. Has the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER.. It has expired.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. GREY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion, and allow me to get through
with this small bill. 1 will say that this postmas-
ter at Hawesville is an old man, and that his
whole support was derived from his compensation
as postmaster of this town. The office paid him
about $105 per annum. That was the whole
amount paid him by the office, and he was unable
to pay the debt. His sureties were obliged to
pay it, and did pay it, and now come, upon the
recommendation of the Post OfRce Department,
to Congress for relief. jNow, sir, this man acted
in good faith. The laws of the Post Office De-
partment were complied with strictly, and the
money was puid over. He acted honestly from
beginning to end; and he sustains as honest a
character as any man in the country. I ask that
the bill mav be put upon its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to know if the morn-
ing hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to this bill alto-
gether. 1 move to proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB. I hope not, unless the motion is
first made to recommit this bill.
Mr. GREY. I move to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Grey] was upon the door when the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] ar res led
him, and moved to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table. The gentleman from Kentucky
then asked to make the morion that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. Now, by a strict adherence to
the rules, the gentleman fiom Kentucky could not
make the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope this bill
will be disposed of now by laying it upon the
table. I believe it is a bill that ought not to pass.
Mr. GREY. I thought the motion was made
to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roadu.
The SPSA RE LI. That motion cannot be made
under the rules of the House, nnlees by the
consent of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.]
Mr. GREY. 1 hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow me to make that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 should be very happy to vc-
commodate my friend from Kentucky; but I be-
lieve the principle contained in the bill now under
consideration is wrong. I believe the Government
of theUnited States should not be held responsible
for valuables which are transmitted through the
mail. I must therefore decline to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move to
take up the river and harbor bill, which was re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on yesterday.
Mr. GREY. I again appeal to the gentleman i
from Missouri to extend to me the courtesy to
allow me to enter a motion that this bill be com-
mitted, so that it may come up again on another
day.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, I will extend to the
gentleman that courtesy. I withdraw the motion
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GREY. I now move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. KING, of New York. I think the bill
ought to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion has been made
and entered upon the Journal to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is it not in
order now to call up the unfinished business o
yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
that motion is not in order until the motion made
by the gentleman from Missouri to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table is disposed
of.
The question was then taken; and the Ho'use
refused to go J.0 the business on the Speaker's
table—ayes 32, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not the bill
of the gentleman from Kentucky, just before the
| House, now come up again?
The SPEAKER. It does, in the opinion of the
Chair, and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Grey] is entitled to thfe floor.
Mr. STUART. I submit that it is in order to
call up and proceed with the unfinished business
of yesterday.
1 he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor. It is, however, m
oider to arrest debate and move to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, and call up the un-
finished business of jresterdny.
Mr. STUART. I make that motion.
report ON printing.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask if the
report oi the Committee on Printing does not now
come up first in order?
The SPEAKER, it does, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask that it may be
taken up.
Mr. JONES. How does thegentleman get the
floor from the gentleman from Kentucky? [Mr.
Grby.] The bill has not been recommitted, but
is still before the House. The gentleman, [Mr.
Grey,] while occupying the floor, was arrested in
his remarks, under the rule of the House which
authorizes any gentleman to fake the floor fiom
him, after one hoar spent in the morning business,
to move to proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table. As I understand it, that is the
only motion that can be made, which will take
the floor from him, and that being voted down, he
is still upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. .Tonls] will remember, that the rule
provides expressly that the floor may be taken to
move to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table, or to the ottiers of the day. That is the
language of the rale. If itn in order to go to the
business upon the Sneaker's table, it is m order
to go to the orders of the day. The Chair there-
fore rule*? the* the motion of the^pntleman fiom
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. This being Friday, and the
morning hour having expired, is not the motion
ofthegentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Seymour,]
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
thf* Private Calendar, in order?
The SPEAKER. That is also true, this being
private bill day.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. The honor
and good faith of the nation require that we should
go to the private business.
Mr. MILLSON. Is not this objection day?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is the fifth
Friday of the month, and objection days are the
first and fourth Friday?.
The SPEAKER. It is not objection day.
The question was then taken on the motion
submitted by Mr. Seymour, and it was not agreed
to.
So the House refused to go into committee upon
the Private Calendar.
The question recurring upon the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of thereport of the Com-
mittee on Printing—
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said: Permit
me to remark, before the question is taken, that
there is a general anxiety to take up and dispose
of this river and harbor bill. My object in call-
ing up the report of the Committee on Printing
was simply that it might be postponed until the
disposition of that bill. I have no desire to press
it now.
Mr. STUART. It is unnecessary for the gen-
tleman to make such a motion to postpone, as the
business remains before the House.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the considera-
tion of that report be postponed until the vote be
taken upon the river and harbor bill.
| Mr. STUART. Say until to-morrow,
j Mr. STANTON. Well, I will say until to-
, morrow.
| The question was then taken on the motion of
| Mr. Stanton; and it was agreed to.
! Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I now move
| that the House proceed with the consideration of
I the river and harbor bill.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubts
j whether the gentleman has the richt to take the
j floor from the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
j Grey,] to make that motion. He is, however,
j inclined to think he has the right.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
j Seymour; and it was agreed to.
river and harbor bill.
j The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
| ending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to move that
I there be a call of the House ?
! The SPEAKER. It is.
j Mr. STANLY. I make that motion, then.
! The question was taken on the motion; and it
I was not agreed to,
\ The previous question then received a second.
The question then being, "Shall the main
; question he ordered to be put?"
| Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, called for the yeas
I and nays; which were ordered.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
! ask the Chair a question.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman can by the
j consent of the House.
! [Cries of " I object!" " I object!"]
The question was then taken, and there were—
1 yeas 98, nays 78; as follows:
' YE AS— Moff r^. Abcrcrombie, Alh-'on, John Appleton,
! William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Baitlett, Beale, Ben-
nett, John H. Boyd, Bras<r, Brigs*?, Albert G. Brown, Geo.
I II. Brov\ n. Hunows, Thompson Campbell, Caitter. Chand-
, ler, Chaplain, Claik, Cleveland, Conner, Curti?, Dawson,
De&n, Dummek, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edger-
| ton, Filch, Florence,"Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gam-
• Me, Gnjlord, Guiding. Gieen, Uart, Unseal!, Haven, fleb-
' ard, Ilenn, Hillyer, Horror*!, John W. Howe, Thomas Y.
! How, Inger-oll, Jackson. James Johnson, Preston King,
; Kmtz, Landrj, Leichn, Loekhait, Mace, Mann, Martin,
! McLanahan, McMnllm, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Mi-
i ner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Murray, Nsbers, New-
! ton, Oir. Penn, Perkins, Price, Riddle, Rohic, Seherroer-
, horn, Schoolcraft, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
Oiigen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Richard H. Sianton,
| Alnaham P. Stephens, St. Maitin, Wtiattnn, Stuart, Suth-
I erland, Thtn^fon. Town?hend, Venable., Walbiidee, Wal-
1 lace. Wnl-h, Alexander White, and Wildrick—98.
; NAYS—Me«sr&. WillU Allen, Bnrrere, Bell, Bissell,
Boeoek, Bowie, Bieckwritfge, Brenion, Busby, E. Oar-
nngton Cabell, Jor-eph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis I). Camp-
bell, CaMvie, Chapman. Churehwoll, Clmgman, CoM<,
I Cullom. l)?nsel,Geo.T. Davis, Disney,DocUerv, Dunham,
CdmunrK<n!, Evans, Evvmg, Ficklin, Floj^d, Fowlei, Gen-
try, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grey, Hamilton, Haiper. Isham
, G. Ham-, Hendricks, Hibbaid, Holladay, Houston, How-
' ard, Thomas AT. Howe, Andrew Johrwn, John Johnson,
George W. Jone«, Geoige G. King, ICuhns, Humphrey
Marshall, Mason, Millei, Million, Molony, Morohead,
Murphy. Old?, Outlaw, Samuel W.Parkei, Pea^lee, Pen-
niman," Fl.elp?, Poiter, llantoul, Richardson, Robinson,
Ro=^, Smait, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stone, Strothcr,
Ward, Warkin«, Welch, Addison White, Wilcox, Wil
hams, Woodward, and Vates—78.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon recommitting
the bill to the Committee on Commerce; and being
put, it was not agreed to.
