1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23?
Mr. EASTMAN. It is the first time.
Mr. FOWLER. Why has he not brought it
before ?
Mr. EASTMAN. He may not have wanted
it before.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I will inquire of the
committee, whether they adopt the rule that, if a
man thirty years afterwards becomes infirm, he
is to be an applicant before this House?
Mr. EASTMAN. The rule we have adopted
in relation to this question is, if the applicant can
trace disease back to a cause, which commenced
in the service of his country, then we" report in
favor of the applicant, unless there is a contradic-
tion by competent testimony.
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eastman,] if he is
not mistaken in saying that this is the first time
the claim has been presented ?
Mr. EASTMAN. I think I am not mistaken,
although it has been some time since I prepared
the report.
Mr. HEBARD. I think I reported a bill for
relief in this case at the last session, which failed
for want of time.
Mr. EASTMAN. If 1 am mistaken, I have
confounded this with another case.
Mr. HEBARD. I am sure I am correct in
this, that the bill was favorably reported upon,
and only failed to receive the action of this House
for want of time.
Mr. EASTMAN. It may be that I am mis-
taken. I know this, that it is a meritorious case.
Mr. DUNHAM. If this is a new bill, as the
gentleman who reports it to the House states it to
be, it is in violation of a principle of action here,
to which J wish now to call the attention of the
House. It is very important, if we grant a pen-
sion to this man, to know whether it shall go back
to 1846. I so understand the bill. I ask that it
may be read.
The bill being again read—
Mr. DUNHAM resumed. It is as I have
stated. It does seem" to me if is a strange thing
to have this pension given by Government for
current support to men for seven or eight years,
and thus giving the applicant a little fortune to
begin with. I call the attention of the House to
that fact. If we pursue this course, and vote to
him that pension, the consequences will be that
we shall have brought before us all the invalid
pension cases heretofore granted for arrears of
pension. If they go to the Pension Office, they
can get the pension from the time their application
is completed. If they neglect that for a few years,
instead of going to the Pension Office to have their
pensions granted, they will come here for back
pensions, when they could not get it there. It
^eems to me, if the object of Government is to
give a support to those who have served their
country, it is quite enough that we give a pension
from the time that their cases first commenced in
this House. I shall move to strike out 1846 and
insert 1850. This is the time that I understand
the case was favorably reported upon in the
House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. When the gen-
tleman makes that motion I shall resist it. I un-
derstand the object of giving an invalid pension to
be to give the means of support and maintenance
to a man who has lost the ability to support him-
self by manual labor, by reason of disease con-
tracted in the military service of the country. The
rules adopted by the Departments, and, indeed, by
the law thai governs those Departments, require that
the pension shall not go further back—or in other
words, the pension shall commence at the time the
applicant completed his testimony and made a de-
mand upon the Government. Whenever he has
made out such a case as this Government can act
upon and allow, why then his pension commences.
Take the case before the committee at present.
Here is a mail who presents a case meritorious in
its character—a case where the applicant has lost
the ability to make a support for himself, by reason
of wounds received in the service of his country.
He has demanded of this Government a pension,
that you admit he is entitled to. He does all that
is necessary for him to do to make out his case.
According to the argument of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] he is willing to allow
him a pension from January, 1850, for and during
his natural life. Then you make him a loser by
your own laches and neglect to perform the duty
that devolves upon you. He demanded this pen-
sion in 1846, and made out such a case as you are
willing to allow to-day. He did everything that
was necessary for- him to do towards completing
his case. He proved every material fact that was
necessary for him to prove. And because ydu
have neglected to perform your duty to him—be-
cause you failed to take up the case he made out
and^ive him what you are willing to admit was
then his due, you will decide, I suppose, that he
shall starve from 1846 up to this hour, and shall
not receive what would have been due him—what
he would have received every year since that time
if this Government had performed the duties it
owed him at that time. Then the Committee on
Invalid Pensions have adopted this as an inflexible
rule, controlling its action upon this question, that
whenever the party has made out just such a case
as we can allow at all, we will allow the pension
from the day that he completed and perfected the
proof in his case. If it be but yesterday, it shall
commence then. If it be five or ten years ago, his
pension shall commence when he perfected and
made out such a case as we shall feel bound to
allow at all, in order that our neglect to perform
the duties we owe him—in order that our laches
shall not run against him. That is the principle
we have adopted; and the bill before the com-
mittee is founded upon that principle. I shall,
therefore, when that amendment is offered resist
it, for the reason that it is unjust to the petitioner
to adopt any amendments upon that principle. If
the principle be true, it will be the policy of this
Government not to decide for or against a case of
merit, but to delay, delay, until you have literally
starved out the wounded soldier who has lost the
ability to support himself. And, indeed, that
principle has been already too nearly adopted by
this Government. We are to delay in meeting the
demands that have been made upon us by those
cases which have merit in them. I trust the Gov-
ernment will abandon a policy so unreasonable
and unjust.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of my colleague. There was a report
made in this case, which has gone to the printer,
and we have not the facts of the case before us.
The bill proposes to give a full disability pension
for life. The inquiry I wish to make is, what are
the facts upon which this pension is to be granted,
and why it is that it cannot be granted at the Pen-
sion Office'' Now, if he first leceived this dis-
ability while in service, and in the line of his duty,
which prevents him from obtaining a livelihood
by manual labor, then he can get his pension at
the Pension Office. What is the defect in the
proof of this case ? Why is it ? He would get it
granted there.
Mr. HAR.RIS. I will answer it with pleasure.
As a general answer to his question, I will state,
that whenever a case has been presented to the
committee, and upon investigation they determine
that it is such a case as can be allowed under the
rules of the Department, we turn the petitioner
over to the. Department, because it is not a case
which requires any special legislation. But in this
particular case, the pension could not be allowed
by the Department, for the reason that he had
never been technically and formally mustered into
the service of the United States. He was called
out, as I stated in another case of the same charac-
ter a few moments since, upon an emergency,
when the army of the enemy was making a descent
upon our forces stationed at Plattsburg. When
a flag was sent through the country, and the in-
formation reached the State of Vermont that the
little force we had at Plattsburg was likely to be
overrun by the enemy rapidly descending upon
them, volunteers from that State rushed to the
scene of action; there was a large detachment that
marched from all parts of that State, under the
emergency of the moment. They were in that
battle, and greatly exposed for a few weeks—for
they performed efficient service to the country.
Many of them lost their lives; others their limbs;
others their health. While they were never tech-
nically and formally a part of the American army,
they performed important and efficient service in
the American army as soldiers. Their cases
cannot be allowed by the Department, because
they were not mustered into the service of the
United States; yet they were in that service.
They performed important duties, and made heavy
sacrifices. For those services they present cases
for the consideration of this House, as meritorious
as if they had served years in the regular army.
For that reason these cases cannot be allowed by
the Department—for that andvother reasons!" they
ought to be allowed by this House.
Mr. OLDS. It will be recollected by the mem-
bers of the last Congress, that this question in -re-
gard to the time at which these pensions should
take effect, was discussed nearly a whole day in
this House when we were in Committee of the
Whole upon the private calendar. This very ca3'e
was one of the cases acted upon. It being objec-
tion day, if any objection was made, the bill was
compelled to go over, but the friends of this bill, as
well as the friends of other bills, under similar cir-
cumstances, permitted a gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conger] to make an amendment similar to
the one proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunham,] that these pensions should take
effect from the 1st of January, 1850. But when
the bills were reported back to the House, then a
contest was waged upon that very question. After
a few days discussion the House determined that
these pensions should commence at the time the
papers of the applicant were^perfected-before Con-
gress. The case now under consideration, was
one of the cases then acted upon, and the am'end-
mend then made on the motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conger,] striking out 1846
and inserting 1850, was rejected; and the original
features of the bill were reinstated. The argument
then urged is the same that is now urged. Why
is it, if these men were entitled to a pension, and
have perfected their papers, that the action of Con-
gress is delayed year after year? In this very
case a bill has twice passed this House, the 30th
and 31st Congress granting to this very man a
pension, and yet he has no pension; and why?
Because there was no time for action upon this
bill in the other branch of your National Legisla-
ture. Now is it his fault, the bill having passed
this House, that he is not receiving his pension?
Why, then, would you cut him off the four or
five years he is entitled to a pension, merely be-
cause there has not been time for his bill to pass
both branches of the National Legislature. I am
sure my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,]
acting upon the principles of justice, will see the
propriety of dating this case back to the time the
papers were perfected, and will withdraw any ob-
jection of that kind, and let the bill pass.
Mr. MARTIN. There is one fact I wish to
bring to the notice of the committee—that the rule
adopted by the Committee on Invalid Pensions in
regard to perfecting testimony, is the same rule
that is practised upon in the Pension Office.
Whenever the testimony is perfected, and pre-
sented in the Pension Office, from that time the
pension dates. That is vthe same rule adopted by
this committee, and is considered a very equi-
table one, although there are instances where the
rule is apparently very hard. But upon a full
hearing of the subject before the committee, we
have come to .the unanimous conclusion to adopt
that mode, being determined to keep within the
same lines. This is one of these cases. How
came this man not to fall within the lines? He
went to Plattsburg upon a proclamation issued by
General Macomb, who was military commander
there. Your humble servant was among the
number who were there, under the call of that
proclamation. We were never mustered into the
service of the United States, and the men who re-
mained there were severely exposed. This man
produces irrefragable testimony that his health
was destroyed in consequence of such exposure
during that short campaign. These are the, facts
why he cannot apply to the Pension Office for a
pension. I know the facts personally, for I was
among the number who answered the proclama-
tion. Our very excellent Governor of the State of
Vermont at that time refused to order the military
over, but we went in there by any mode of con-
veyance we could get upon that side of the lake.
I hope and trust that this bill will not lie over, and
that the poor old man, whose bosom must soon
be covered by the clods of the valley, shall be re-
munerated eight dollars a month, from the time his
testimony is perfected.
Mr. EASTMAN. I desire that the report of
the committee made in this case on the 19th of
July, 1848, shall be read.
The report was then read, as follows;
