1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
There is not an argument which can be used for
the support of these steamers out of the Treasury
nf the United States, which, to my mind, does not
aj.'piy with equal force to the imposition of duties
far the protection and support of the iron interest.
There is not an argument against protection to
iron which does not apply,in my opinion, against
protection to steam. Why, what is the complaint ?
That you protect one class at the expense of an-
other. Have we not before us a memorial from
merchants and ship-owners of New Yoik, who
protest that they are injured by these steamers
which we support out of the Treasury; that the
steamers compete with them for the (arriage of
passengers and freight? Have we not a memorial
signed by most respectable merchants and ship-
owners in that city attesting; this fact? Is it not
true? Does it not interfere? and is it proper that we
should thus give from the Treasury bounties to an
enterpiise which is calculated to interfere with the
legitimate profits of a self-sustaining business, and
one so meritorious, one so worthy of the pride of
every American heart 5ts that of our great navi-
satins; interest, which heretofore has sustained
itself? Look at the contrast. We have, in relation
to that interest, thrown the gauntlet to the world.
We have said to the rest of the world, Repeal
your discriminating duties upon tonnage, and we
will repeal ours. All that we ask is fair play and
an open sea; and if you can beat us we will take
the consequences. What has been the result?
What has it been but triumphant and glorious to
us, m trying the generous self-reliance of those
who dared to risk the experiment? Now, we
have commenced this system; and it is proposed
that we shall plunge still deeper into a system
which is calculated to encourage the steam marine
at the expense of the other interests of the com-
munity, not only injuring them, hut producing
complaints, jealousies, and dissatisfactions, which,
m my opinion, are weil founded.
Let us see how nearly these arguments are anal-
ogous. How does it operate as between sections?
It is complained of the protective system, when we
come to apply it to iron, and woolens, and cot-
tons, that it benefits one section at the expense of
another. How is this* Why, you start these
hues from New York. She has lines supported
At the expen.se of the Government, and running
everywhere. If you are to afford Government aid
and patronage, would not justice require that you
should givpitto poorer cities—to those that are
less able tohelp themselves5 Would not justice
require that you should afford it to some other
towns, in order to develop tlfe resources of the
places from which oth^r linesms^ht start and open
a new trade in the country? If we pursue this
system, shall we not be buund in justice to attend
to other sectionsJ If \vc give this aid to the Col-
lins hue, and New York, how can we refuse it to
Philadelphia, and Chca-leston, and Norfolk, and
Baltimore, and Mobile, and New Orleans? With
whatjustice can we thus afford it to thenchest city
m the Union, and deny it to all the others? I
desire to see New York grow. I desire to see her
commerce have every facility and aid which legit-
imately belong to it; hut I am unwilling that in-
justice shall be done as between classes in this
country, or as between different sections. Nor is
there anything in this argument (for it is the old
protective argument over again) that, if we do not
Misftiin oui lines in the competition, the British
will acquire a monopoly, and that they will sweep
our steamers from the sojs. Now, the business
of carrying freight and passengers is a business
winch either paya by itself, or it does not pay. If
it does oay, there is* no need of a bounty to aid it
I'.om Government. If it does not pay, then the
more the British lines carry at the expense of that
Government, die worse it will be for her, and the
oetter it will lie for usi because it will be a transfer
which she will bv annually making from the pock-
ets of her people to ourselves. ^
But it is said that a period will come at_ which
the business will be seli-sustainmg—at winch the
business will havegrow.i to be so largo, that those
oarKOus will no longer want this protection. 1
prisy to know, if, when that period comes
when the business is self-sustaining:, will not our
rUeamers, our merchants, and our enterprising
men go into it? When it does sustain itselt, ^nl
they not go into it with as many chances <>t suc-
cess hs the English ship-OH'iiers ? With greater
chances, indeed; for in the interim we shall have
gained, and the British will have lost by carrying
our freights and passengers at less than the real
cost. And in so large a business would not the
less grow so much from year to year as to prove
intolerable to those who suffered it? Look at it
m whatever light you may, I think you will
find that you cannot conduct this system with-
out manifest injustice and impropriety. This
thing of national steam-yachting over the ocean—
a contest between the two nations to see who can
run the fastest steamship, out of their respective
treasuries—is a very expensive amusement, and
one which will hardly pay. It is an amusement
which will cost the people of both countries dearly,
if they enter fully into it. For one, 1 am not dis-
posed to carry it further. 1 am for carrying out
the contract with Collins. I am for giving him
what we promised to give him, and if he should
come to bring anymore to the Government by
the sea postages than we give him, I am willing
that he should have all of that. I am willing to
give it, because that would be putting the enter-
prise on a self-susiaining footing. I am willing to
hold out that sort of encouragement to encourage
enterprise and develop trade; but I am not willing
to enable him, or any other person, or company,
to run steamships at the expense of theTreasury
of the United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With the consent of
the Senator from "Virginia, I wish to make a few
inquiries of him. I hardly know how to vote,
and I ha\e come to no determination as to the
manner m which I shall cast my vote; but I want
information. I wish the gentleman to state, be-
cause his attention has been directed, no doubt,
to the point, if he knows, or whether he does or
does not know, that this line is not self-sustaining.
1 wish to know, from those who may address the
Senate upon the subject, whether they have turned
their attention to the amount of the capital they in-
vested in building the ships, and the capital em-
ployed in hands and labor, and then the profits
from freight and passengers ? It seems to me, that
in this investigation before us, these would be very
proper inquiries, and t should like to hear some
information in regard to them.
Mr. GWl.V. If the Senator from Virginia will
permit nie, for a moment, I will state that there
was a sworn statement laid before the committee.
These vessels cost within a fraction ot $3,000,-
000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How many vessels are
there ?
Air. GW1N. There are four: the Atlantic, the
Pacific, the Arctic, and the Baltic. The average
running expense of twenty-eight trips was $65,(_)()()
and odd, and the actual receipts $.48,000; showing
a loss on each trip of nearly §17,000, or on twen-
ty trips of §338,000. This statement was sworn
to before the Naval Committee.
Mr. BORLAND. Does that include the amount
received from the Government;
Mr. GWtN. Everything.
Mr. HUNTER. They state the loss to be
$11,000 a trip, after the $19,000 paid by the Gov-
ernment is taken out. If this statement of the
proprietors of the Collins line be true, then the
amendment is futile. 1 wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the amendment in connection with
this statement. The proprietors of this line say,
that after tins receipt of >19,000 per trip from the
Government, they still lose <,17,000 each trip. It
is proposed m this amendment to raise the price
rmid to them from 5,19.000 to $33,000 per trip.
That is an increase of about <114,000 a trip; so that
if we add thai sum, they v ill still be losing §3,000
or ^4,000 per trip. There will be thai loss oil the
mere running of the ships, allowing nothing for a
fund to be laid up for repairs—nothing for inter-
est on the investment. What good will it afford
them, then, to extend the relief asked for by this
amendment ? When these vessels want repairs,
and when they are worn out, there will be no fuud
to supply them, and they will go down, lhen,
in point of fact, this amendment would afford no
re'ih'. GWIN. There was an estimate made of
tile amount necessary for annual repairs. The
overplus was the interest account, which the com-
mittee were not determined to allow. The loss is
interest upon the capital invested. There is an
estimate made for annual repairs. There is an esti-
mate made for each of the twenty-six trips. We
know how much it has cost to keep the vessels m
repair, and how much has been received, and what
has been expended.
Mr. HUNTER. That would still leave a loss
of some three or four thousand dollars a trip, and
of all the interest—say $180,000—annually. I
submit, then, that they could have no motive to
go on with a business which was inflicting on
them an annual or a monthly loss of even that
amount. But why should we go to an expense of
I more than §600,000,orperhapsmore than §800,000
j a year—(and I do not know which alternative of
this amendment will be adopted. I do not know
j whether they will be rated at $33,000 for twenty-
six trips, or that the $230,000 additional is to be
i added to the $385,000 now allowed,)—I ask, why
[ should we go into this expenditure for the purpose
I of enabling these men, who have embarked in the
; enterprise, to regain the money which they have
.lost ?
| We agreed to their own proposition. They
came here and made proposals. They petitioned
i for a law, which we granted them. He not only
gave the sum of $385,000 per annum, but we ad-
1 vanced to them $385,000, to enable them to com-
• plete their ships. In trying the experiment, they
have lost; and they make such a showing as ren-
ders it improbable that they ever can make out of
it a business which will sustain itself. What
motive, then,have we to prosecute it any further ?
What good will it do to us to run these ships some
three, or four, or five years longer, and, at the end
of that time, come to the same conclusion to which
we are brought now, that the business will not
support itself, and that it must be abandoned, un-
less we choose to preserve it by way of a national
amusement?
Why, it would be better to abandon it now; and
if we thought, from the circumstance of their hav-
ing entered into the enterprise, that they had
claims upon the nation, it would be better to com-
pensate them for whatever they have lost, and put
| an end to the system, rather than to ingraft it upon
I our legislation. If we commence with this, we
j must favor other lines. We cannot, with justice,
shut our eyes to the claims of other parts. Shall
we feed only the rich, and deny everything to the
poor> If you are to act upon the principle of
! treating the different portions of the country with
a parental care, you ought to turn to the weak,
for the purpose of sustaining them, and not feed
to repletion the strong, for the purpose of sustain-
ing them, and in such a manner as throws the ex-
! pense upon the weak.
Mr. MILLER next obtained the floor; but
yielded to the suggestions of Senators; and,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 21, 1852.
' The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
i by the Rev.C.M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I The SPEAKER stated as the first business m
I order, the consideration of the bill from the Senate,
'• to enforce discipline and promote good conduct
1 in the Navy of the United States."
[ VIRGINIA MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. M EADE,by unanimous consent, presented
the joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Virginia, upon the subject of the Virginia raili-
I tary land warrants; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
| ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ORR. I desire to renew the request made
I yesterday, that an hour may be appropriated this
' morning to the call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Mii.lsox] is entitled to the iloor. If that
gentleman and the House assent to it, the course
suggested by the gentleman from South Carolina
will be pursued.
Mr. PITCH. I rise to a question of order.
My object yesterday in moving the previous
question on this bill was to devote the morning
hour, which has been occupied for some time by
1 this bill, to the call of committees for reports. It
\ strikes me that this bill is improperly occupying
' the morning hour. If it can be placed elsewheie,
! I have no desire to move the previous question.
ii The SPEAKER. If the Chair recollects aright,
! this bill was introduced by unanimous consent.
