1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. PITCH. It is a Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands,
but it was reported from the Committee on Navtil
Affairs, by the unanimous consent of the House,
and therefore is not confined exclusively to the
morning hour.
Mr. FITCH. If the bill can be set aside until
the morning hour has passed, I shall not insist
upon the call for the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I object to the bill being set aside.
Mr. MILLSON. Suppose the House should
devote the morning hour to the call of committees
for reports, when will the House resume the con-
sideration of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. This bill is the first thing in
order in the House during the morning hour, and
throughout the day; and its consideration can only
be interrupted by the introduction of a privileged
motion, such as to go nito the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
Mr. ORR. The bill would come up then at the ■
expiration of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It would. The bill can now
be passed over informally, if the House desires it.
Mr. SMART. I object.
Mr. FITCH. I must then insist that the gen-
tleman from Virginia shall renew the call for the
previous question, when he has made his personal
explanation.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope, then,
that the gentleman from Virginia will allow me
five minutes for personal explanation.
Mr. MILLSON. I will do so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want to see
if I understand what point of (he compass the
House is at. I understand that this matter comes
up regularly in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that this
bill, having been reported from the Committee on
Naval Aft'airs by the unanimous consent of the
House, is the first business 111 the House during
the morning hour, and throughout the day, on
each day until it is disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand, then, that it
comes up regularly during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It conies up in the House
regularly from day to day until disposed of, as the
unfinished business of the preceding day.
Mr. ORR. Does the time consumed in the con-
sideration of this bill come out of the morning
hour}
The SPEAKER. It does not.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. MILLSON. I should not have thought it
necessary to trouble the House with any further
observations upon this bill, but for some remaiks
made by my colleague [Mr. IJocock] a few days
ago. I do not believe that he intended to do me
any injustice, hut he was not so discriminating as
he usually is iu the selection of Ins phraseology,
and he has thus attributed to me designs and sen-
timents which are just the reverse of those I leally
entertain. I am very much surprised that there
should have been any issue between my colleague
and myself. The House will recollect, that al-
though he sustained the bill reported from the
Naval Committee, yet, he has since said that he
means to support the amendment offered by the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. St\n--
tov,] to the substitute introduced by me. And,
sir, when the House recollects that my colleague
distinctly stated that the amendment of the hon-
orable chairman hud been prepared almost fur the
express purpose of obviating the objections winch
I had urged against the bill, it will be a matter of
surprise that, while thus giving this practical evi-
dence of his concurrence in the views which I
submitted, he should have thought it at all neces-
sary to place himself m an attitude of antagonism
towards me. In the recent debate, he, himself,
said that the bill gave a larger discretionary power
to the commanding officer than was at all neces-
sary or desirable. My objection to the bill was
based upon that ground; and yet, concurring with
me. as he did in those views, there was scarcely
a single position that I assumed which he did not
eagerly, and even virulently, assail. He declared
that he could not support my substitute because
it was too severe. Sir, I wish he was now here;
I would ask him—and m his absence I call upon
the honorable chairman of the committee to tell
me—one single instance in which the substitute
that I introduced is more severe than the original
bill. I will tell him many in which it is less so.
AU the punishments provided for in the substitute
are of the same kind as those contained in the bill,
and whenever there is any difference at all, it is
because I have modified and softened them.
But, sir, my honorable colleague, doubtless by
the injudicious selection of language—and I am
sure, without the least intention to do me any in-
justice—has placed me in a position in reference to
this question which 1 am very unwilling to assume.
The reports made of his remarks in the National
Intelligencer and Republic—reports entirely justi-
fied by the tenor of his speech—represent me as
having come forward to recommend a system of
punishments most inhuman and revolting in their
nature. Thus, lie says:
'• My colleague lias come forwaid to rcadopt that old act,
(tlte act ot IS'jU,) with all its laults, and with all its anti-
quated punishments."
Again he says:
" 1 maintain that the bill of the committee is better than
the gentleman's bill which reenacts the law 01 1£U0.*'
Alain he says:
'• These are the piovisions of the law of 1800, reenactcd
by my colleague1* substitute."
Again:
u Lot these sympathetic gentlemen listen to a description
of the punishment? which aie *tili authorized in the Navy,
and winch they leconimendstilt to retain.5'
Again:
" My colleague puts in a special provision in his bill to
reonact and authouzethose modes oi puui^hmeut.''
And again lie says:
4k It there he suiekcn irom my colleague's* bub&utute the
provision lev'juaeting the law oi Is00,'; ice.
Now, here are six distinct instances in which
my colleague attributes to my substitute aprovis- i
ion reenacting the law of 1800. Sir, there is not j
a solitary clause or featuie in the substitute which ;
" lecnacts," as my colleague phrases it, "the law !
of 1800." Why, sir, the law of 1800 has never |
been lepealed. It is now the law of the land, ex- I
cept as to the punishment by stripes. Tiieie is ;
no occasion to recnact the provisions of that law.
The substitute which 1 offered does not repeal ,
the Law of 1800; and because it does not do so, I
my colleague refers to it as leenactmg the law of |
1800. Why, sir, I might say exactly the same j
; thing of the bill reported by the Committee on j
i Naval Affairs, and of the substitute now offered ^
] by the gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. St\n-
j ion,] for neither repeals the law of 1800.
j Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
' The gentleman's colleague is not present to an-
' swer for himself, but 1 think I understand the
: position which he intended to maintain, and I
think his position is correct. The provision in the
law of 1800, allowing the commander of a vessel
to confine a sailor ad libitum, in irons, or otherwise,
. m my judgment would unquestionably be repealed
by the bill proposed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. That was the idea of Mr. Bocock, and
that was my belief. The bill expressly piovsdes
that no confinement shall exceed a certain length
: of time. Besides that, m providing specific pun-
ishments, and designating the punishments which
the commander of a vessel can inflict upon a sailor,
all others previously employed are necessarily
excluded by a well-known principle of law. But
with the gentleman's bill, it is precisely the con- !
traiv, and it is, as Mr. Bocock asserts, a virtual '
reenactment of that provision of the law of 1800; ,
because nothing is given to, or taken from the
commander of a vessel; but all the power is put ,
in the hands of a court-martial,
j Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman's explanation
; does not remove the difficulty in the least degree; :
1 and he would have found, if he had listened a mo- !
ment longer, that I intended to do justice to my :
colleague's opinions upon this subject, by show-
ing how he had fallen into error, or rather into
i the loose phraseology which he adopted in refer-
ring to my biii. I say, sir, that conferring partic-
ular powers upon a commanding officer of the
Navy does not necessarily take from him the
powers which the law confers upon him at the
present time, if there be no express provision in
■ the bill repealing the act of 1800, and depriving
him of the authority conferred upon him by that
law.
| But, sir, however that may be, it does not touch
. the point I am now considering. My object is to
call the attention of the House to the statement of
i my colleague, that certain punishments, which, I
say, never were lawful, and others which are no
longer so, were recommended and reenacted by my
substitute. He quotes from the articles of war sev-
eral clauses providing for the infliction of punish-
ments by the captain, and among them one which
declares that, for some offences, " a private shall
be put in irons, or flogged, at the discretion of the
captain," &c. And then, he says, these are pro-
visions of the law of 1800, reenacted by my sub-
stitute. Now, my colleague does me great in-
justice when he makes that statement. He cer-
tainly did not mean to say that my substitute
reenacts punishment by flogging. Yet his state-
ment amounts to that. I know that he is the last
man in this House intentionally to do me in justice.
The kind feelings and cordial regard existing be-
tween us would forbid such a thing, even it he
were capable of such a course towards any one.
I am now complaining of his want of care in pre-
senting his argument; but this renders it not the
less necessary to set my own position right before
the House.
Now, what is the provision in the substitute of-
fered by me, upon which my colleague bases his
argument? It is this:
Ck Sec. 10.  /2ncf be it further enacted. That any punish-
ment authorized bv tins act to be inthcted by a summary
court-maitial, may likewise be inflicted by any gcneial
eouit-marnal: Provided, That nothing heiem contained
shall be deemed to abudgethe pnwois ot <ueh geneial rniut-
martial in respect to punishments! now authorized to be ad-
judged, nor to take fiom any commanding officei the light
tu uuiei >ueh punishments a>, by law, he may now inflict
of his own authority."
Now, the sole object of that section was to pre-
vent the inference from being diawn, that by con-
ferring these powers upon the summary court-
martial, you thereby took them from the general
court-martial; and that, bygivingthem to the gen-
eral court-martial, you meant to deny all of them
to the commanding officer, who, by the existing
law, is vested with some of them—such as the
power of confinement. It is only the exclusion of
a conclusion. It was putin for greater precaution.
My leading object in offering this substitute was
to provide for the establishment of a summary
court-martial. But I did not wish, in any degree,
to mterfeie with the existing powers of the general
court-martial, or of the commanding officer. And,
as far as the effect of that proviso is concerned,
neither the court nor the commander could inflict
any punishment not now authorized by law.
But my colleague read, from a literary maga-
zine, accounts of certain cruel punishments which,
he says, have been, and may be, inflicted in the
j Navy, such as crucifying, bucking, and keeihaul-
, ing; and he states that I put in a special provision
j in my bill to reenact and authorize these modes of
punishment. He doubtless alludes to the provis-
| ion I have just read. The bare reading of it is a
! sufficient answer to this chargc. Can my col-
league really suppose that these punishments are
authorized by the existing law ? He seems, in-
i deed, to think so; and I do not know but he suc-
j ceeded in making an impression upon the Housp,
1 the other day, by the recital of these cruel punish-
; ments. Now, here I take issue with my colleague.
I I say that no such punishments can be, or ever
! could be, inflicted by law, in the American Navy.
I go further. I say that no such punishments
i ever have been inflicted in the Amencan Navy.
| As to this punishment of keelhauling, which my
1 colleague says is authorized and sanctioned by
law in the American Navy, 1 beg to inform him
■ that it has never been inflicted in any navy within
the last hundred and fifty years, and I believe it
has never been resorted to in any naval service
except, perhaps, in the Dutch Navy, in the time
of Van Tromp.
As to the punishment of bucking, of which my
■ colleague gave so graphic an account the other
day, 1 will inform him that within the past few
days I have held conversation with three officers
of the highest rank in the American Navy. Two
of them informed me that about a yenr ago they
1 were members of a court-martial held in the cify
of New York, and composed of twelve captains.
One of the witnesses having in the course of the
testimony used the expression " bucking," the
judge advocate, after the court was cleared, in-
quired of some member what was meant by that
term; and out of these twelve naval commanders
there was not one who even knew the meaning of
the phrase; and yet my colleague speaks of this
j punishment of bucking as one authorized by the
