2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 80,
The question next recurred upon agreeing to
the amendments made by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it now
in order to move to commit this bill to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question having been called, it cuts off all motions
to amend or postpone.
The first amendment made by the committee
was then reported to the House, as follows:
"Insert after the word < Albany' the words 'and not
above Troy," in the following clause :
" ' For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson river, above and below Albany, $50,000.' "
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
"For the improvement of the James and Appomafov
rivers, below the cities of Richmond and Petersburg,
$45,000."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Upon agreeing to
that amendment, I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 105; nays CO—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Ashe, Bab-
cock, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge, Brenton,
Br:gss, Geoige H. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell,
Caldwell, Caskie, Chandler, Ohastam, Clingman, Curtis,
Geoige T. Davis, Dean, Dockery, Durkee, Edmundson,
Evans, Ewing, Floience, Fowler, Freeman, Gentry, Good-
fnoWj Goodrich, Green, Harper, Lham G. Harris, Haws',
Haven, Holiaday, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M. llowe,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, fngeisoll, Ives, Jackson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George G. King, Preston
King, Kuhns. Landiy, Letcher, Lockhart, Mann, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Martin, McMulhn, McNair, Meade,Mille.i,
Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Mooie, Morehead,
On, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, IVasIee, Pcnn, IVikins,
Porter, Puce, Rantoul, Riddle, Robie, Scbermeihoin,
Schoolcraft, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen
S. Seymour, Smart, Stnnly, Richard II. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, St Martin, Siratton, Strother,Thurston, Ven-
able, Walbudge, Wal*h, Watkms, Welch, Addison White,
Wildrick, Williams, and Yato*—]n5.
NAYS—Me:>sis. Abeicrornbie, Willis Allen, Barren-,
Braug, Bushy, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Cartter, Churehwell, Cleveland, Cobb, Cullom, Daniel,
Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Ed-
geiton, Ficklin, Fitch, Floyd, Thomas J. D JFuller, Gamble,
Giddm<rs, Gilmoie, Grev, Hamilton, Hart, Hebaid, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Ilillyei, Houston, John W. Howe,
Jmnes Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kurt/, Mace, Mason,
McLanahan, Millson, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Penniman,
Phelps, Rtchaidson, Robinson, Ro- s, Sackett, Schoonnm-
ker, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Stuart, TowiMiond, Tuck,
Wallace, Alexander White, and Wilcox—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
clause—
" Foi the purvev of the harbor at the mouth of Trinity
river,Texas, $3,000,"
and insert the following:
(l For the survey of Trinity river, Texas, including the bar
at the mouth, $3,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the hill, section two, as follows:
u Jlnd he. it furthei enactaU That the Commissioners of
the town of Wilmington, North Carolina, bo authou/.ed to
levy and collect a tonnage dutv, not exceeding four cents
pel ton, upon all vessels of not le^ than sixty tons, for the
purpose of cleaning out the obstructions at the mouth of
the Cape Feai nver, and thai to «fiecf that purpose the
said Commissioners be authorized to pledge the receipts
from the ^aid tonnage duty, to pay the interest or piincipal
of any Joan they may effect for that puipo<Jc: Provided,
That the Legislature of Noith Carolina, at the next session,
order and authorize such tonnage duty."
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was decided m the affirmative—yeas
90, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abereionibie, Ashe, Thomas H. Bavly,
Beale, Boeock, Bowie, Bragg, Bieekinndge, Bnggs, Albert
G. Brown, George II. Blown, Bu«;foy, TO. C.irnngton Cabell,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Cha«tain, Cleve-
land, Ciingman, Daniel, Dunmick, Dwiev, Doekerv, Dotv,
Dunham, Edmundson, Fiekhn, Floyd, Gamble, Gavlord,
Gentry, Green, Hamilton, J sham G. Hartis. Hart, Henri,
Hihbaid, Hillver, Holiaday, Houston, Howard, Thomas-Y.
IIow, Ives, Jackson, Andicw Johnson, James Johnson,
John Johnson, Robt. W. Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Kubns,
Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Millson, H. D.Moore, Morehead, Murphy,
Nahers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Polk,
Porter, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Ross, Scurry. Origen S.
Seymour. Smith, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephen^. Stone, Strother, Tuck, Venable, Wallace. Wat-
kin*!. Alex. White, Wilcox, Wildriek, and William*—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Wilhain
Appleton, Babcock, Barrcre, Bell, Bennett, John H. Boyd,
Brenton, Buirows, Jjewis D. Campbell, Canter, Chandler,
Chapman, Cobb, Cullom, Geoige T. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Fowler, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller. Giddings,
Gilmoie, Goodenow, Goodrich. Grey, Harpci, Haws, Has-
eall, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Horsford, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Jngersoll, George G. King,
Preston King, Kurtz, Landry, Mann, Humphrey Marshall,
Maitin, Miller, Miner,Molony, John Moore,Murray, New-
ton, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Sackett, Sehermerhorn,
Sehoonmakei, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Smart, Benja-
min Stanton, St. Martin, titration, Thurston, Townshend,
Walbridge, Welch, and Addison White—76.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move to lay the
bill and the amendments upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, until i can move to recon-
sider the last vote, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make that motion, then.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now renew my motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
ded in the negative—yeas 72, nays 104; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Thomas 11. Bayly, Boal«, Boeock, Biecknmdge, Albert
G. Brown, Busby, E. Cariington Cabell, Caldwell, Ca&kie,
Cha-tain, Churehwell, Ciingman, Cobb, Cullom, Daniel,
Dimmick. Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Ficklm,
Fieeman, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmore, Grey, Hamilton,
Isham G. Hairis, Hart, Henducks, Hibbard, Hillver, Hol-
iaday, Houston, Ilowaid, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, George V^. Jones, Kurtz, Letcher,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McLanahari, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, MiIKoii, Murphy, Olds, Oir, Peaslee,
Phelps, Robbing Robinson, Ross, Ongen S. Sejmour,
Smart, Smith, Richnid II. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Stone, Venable, Wallace. Ward, Watkins, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Wilduck, and Williams—72.
' NAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Babcock,
Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bowie, John II Boyd,
Bragg, Brenton, Briggs, George II. Brown, Buuows,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Clark, Conger, Curtis, George T. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee. East-
man, Edgetton, Evans, Fitch, Flotenee, Flojd, Fowler.
Thomas J. 1). Fullei,Gcivlord, Giddings, Goodenow. Good-
rich, Green, Ilatper, Ilaws, Hascall, llaven, Ilebard,
Henn, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ingorsoll, Ives, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Geoige G. King, Preston King,
Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart, Mann,Martin, Miller, Molony,
Henry D. Mooie, John Moore, Morehead, Mui ray, Newton,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Paiker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins,
Porter, Price, Rantoul, Richardbon, Riddle, Robie, Sack-
ett, Scheimerhom, Schoolcialt, Schoonmaker, Scudder,
Scmrv, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, St. Martin, Stiatton, Stiothei, Stuart, Sutheiland,
Thuiston, Townshend, Tuck, Walhrulge, Walsh, Welsh,
and Yates—104.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays—
Mr. HENDRICKS said: I desire to state that
; my colleague [Mr. Davis] is anxious to vote upon
] this bill, but he is sick and unable to be in the
j Hall.
j Mr. BISSELL. To accommodate a gentleman
i from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Robbins,] I have paired
] off with him, otherwise I should vote, aye.
j Mr. POLK. I have paired off with Mr. Stan-
! ton, of Tennessee, who is in favor of the bill. If
I were at liberty to vote, I should vote to lay upon
the table.
Mr. NABERS. I have paired off with General
Taylor, of Ohio, who was in favor of the bill. I
am opposed to it in its present form.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. VENABLE. Is the bill engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STUART moved to reconsider the vote by
- which the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
1 to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
, which latter motion was agreed to.
[ The bill was read the third time.
The question now being, Shail the bill pass?
■ Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, called for the
i previous question; which received a second, and
| the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SMART demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
ded in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 75; as
follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Babcock,
Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bowie, John H. Boyd,
Brenton, Briggs, George H. Blown. Burrows, Lewis D.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chap-
man, Claik. Curtis, G.T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgeiton, Evans, Fitch,
Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D Fullpr, Giddings,
Goodenow, Goodnch, Green, Harper, Haws, Hascall, Ha-
ven, Hebard, Henn, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M.
Howe, Thomas Y. IIow, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, John
Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, George G. King, Preston
King, Kuhns, Landrv, Lockhart, Mann, Martin, Miller,
Miner, Molony, Henry D.Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Muiray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Price, Rantoul,
Richardson, Riddle, Robie, Sackett, Sehermerhorn, School-
craft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scuiry, David L. Seymour,
Skelton, Staolv, Benjamin Stanton, Abiaham P. Stephens,
St. Martin, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Thuiston, Towns-
hend, Tuck, Walbudge, Walsh, Welch, Addison White,
and Yates—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Thoma« H. Bayly, Bcalc, Bocock, Biagg, Breckinridge,
Albert G. Brown, Busby, E. C. Cabell, Caldwell, Caskie,
Cha-stam, Churehwell, Cleveland, Ohngman. Cobb, Cul-
lom, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson,
Ewing, Ficklin, Freeman, Gamble, Gentry, Grey, Hamil-
ton, Ihbam G. Harris, Hart, Hendricks. Hibbard, llillyer,
Holladav, Houston. Howard, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason. McLanahan, MeMulhu, McNair,
Mcdueen, Meade, Millson, Murphy, Olds, Orr, Peaslee,
Phelps, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Origen S. Seymour,
Smait, Smith, Richaid H. Stanton, Stone, Sutherland,
Venable, Wallace, Waul, Watkins, Alexander White,
Wilcox, Wilduck, and Williams—75.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. BISSELL said: I have paired off with Mr.
Robbins, otherwise I should vote against the bill.
Mr. POLK. I have paired off with Mr. Stan-
ton, of Tennessee, who is in favor of the bill. If
I were at liberty to vote, I should vote against the
bill.
Mr. BRAGG. While there are many provi-
sions of this bill which I could very readily sup-
port, there are some others for which I cannot
vote. Being now called upon to take the bill in
the lump, I feel constrained to vote in the nega-
tive. I vote, no.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to—there being,uponadivision,
ayes 89, noes 48.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut in the
chair.)
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
The CHAIRM AN. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 149, entitled
"A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds." When the committee rose, the
pending question was a motion that the bill be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do not, pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That case, it will
be recollected by the committee, was up sometime
ago. I made the inquiry of the Third Auditor,
whether there was any evidence upon the records
of that Department, that Bartlett Hinds ever was
entitled to commutation, or that he had ever served
in a capacity that would entitle him to it. There
was no such evidence there, and the presumption
is, he is not entitled to it at all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice that my colleague
[Mr. Fuller] who reported the bill, is absent, and •
if there be nobody else here to defend it, I will
ask that it be passed by.
Whereupon, by unanimous consent, the bill
was informally passed over.
PAYMENT OF FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS.
The next bill that came up for consideration
was House bill No. 161, entitled "A bill to pro-
vide for the payment of the companies of Captains
Bush, Price, and Suarey, for military services in
Florida."
By unanimous consent—Mr. Wilcox, who re-
ported the hill, being absent—the bill was inform-
ally passed over.
