1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
DAVID MYERLE.
The bili for the relief of David Myerle next
came up in order for consideration.
The bill provides for the payment to David My-
erle of §30,000 for losses incurred whilst experi-
menting in American water-rotted hemp, under
the direction of the War Department.
The reading; of the report was called for.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would suggest to
the committee, as that report is very long, and
perhaps would take nearly an hour to read it,
that some member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs would make a. summary statement of the
contents of the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the report be
read. This is an important claim, and one which
ought never to be paid.
Mr. FLORENCE. Justice requires that the
claim should be paid.
Mr. DANIEL. Justice requires that the claim
should be rejected.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the report.
Mr. SACKETT. T move that the reading of
the report lie dispensed with.
Mr. JONES. To test whether there is aquorum
present competent to transact business, t move
that the committee rise, and upon that motion, de-
mand a division of the committee.
The question was then put upon a division,and
there were—ayes 16, noes 44; no quorum.
[Cries of   Call the roll ! " " Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called,in compliance with the
rules of the House, the absentees were noted and
reported to the House. It being ascertained that
a quorum was present, the committee again re-
sumed its session.
Mr. DANIEL. Has the sense of the commit-
tee been taken on the proposition to dispense with
the further reading of the report?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on a mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion that the
committee rise, as there is a quorum present.
Mr. DANIEL. I had occasion, some Con-
gresses ago, to examine into this case, and I think
I have not forgotten its main features. I think I
remember all the material facts involved.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has the question been yet
taken upon the motion to dispense with the fur-
ther reading of the report ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
Mr. DANIEL. I think I have the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. If that is the pending motion,
you have not.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to dispense
with the further reading of the report was sub-
mitted.
The question was then taken, and the further
reading of the report was dispensed with.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I offer the following
amendment to the bill:
Provided, That the funds hereby appropriated shall not
be paid over until John Cornwall and F. Montmolhn, of
Kentucky, hnve an opportunity to contest their right to re-
imbursement of funds advanced by them to said Myeile:
Provided further, That they slmll institute suit for that
purpose within ninety days i'roni the passage of this aci.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose that the gentleman
who reported this bill from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs is prepared to make an argument to
prove that the appropriation ought to be passed.
I have nothing to say upon that subject at the
present time. I have read the report carefully,
and am satisfied that the Government of the Uni-
ted States induced Mr. Myerle to engage m ex-
periments for the" purpose of ascertaining whether
American water-rotted hemp could not be obtained
of proper quality and in sufficient quantities for
the use of the Navy. When Mr. Myerle was
about to make those experiments, under the en-
couragement and by the authority of the Govern-
ment, he went out to the State of Kentucky, and
being a man without means of himself, he ob-
tained the funds to purchase the hemp, to hire the
hands, and to go through all of his operations,
from two gentlemen, who at that time lived in the
district I now represent. One of them still lives
there, and the other resides in the district repre-
sented by my colleague, [Mr. Marshall.] They
furnished the money—they were the capitalists.
It was by their aid that the experiments were
made, whatever they may have been. Mr. Myerle
gave them a lien upon the hemp to reimburse
them for those advancements. I am giving the
facts as I understand them, and there will proba-
bly be no dispute about them. He gave a hen
upon the hemp. Afterwards some difficulty oc-
curred between Mr. Myerle and the Government,
and the hemp thus mortgaged, or a greater portion
of it, by Myerle to them was taken off and sold,
and they were left minus almost the whole amount
of the money advanced to him. A very small
portion they recovered.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. How much did they
advance?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I cannot state from
memory the exact sum; but they advanced him a
sum sufficient to absorb almost the whole amount
of the appropriation recommended by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DANIEL. Was this indebtedness
curred in the purchase of the hemp, or simply"
making the experiment?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. In both.
Mr. DANIEL. Just as I supposed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This is my inform-
ation, at least. I have now in my desk a letter
from Mr. Myerle to one of these gentlemen, rec-
ognizing his obligations to him. Therefore the
report is incorrect when it says Mr. Myerle in-
curred all the expenditures. The gentlemen named
in my amendment are the proper beneficiaries un-
der this bill. Mr. Myerle is now insolvent. I
understand that he was worth little or nothing at
the time he commenced these experiments under
the authority of the Government, and the only
persons who have really suffered any great loss
are the constituents of my colleague and myself.
The amendment I have offered does not propose
that this committee or the House shall decide the
question between Mr. Myerle and them, but that
the money shall be retained for ninety days in the
Treasury of the United States, to enable them to
commence suit in the appropriate court, to contest
the question between themselves and Mr. Myerle,
as to the proper direction of the whole or a part
of the sum. That is equitable and right. If tliey
cannot establish their rights they must go out of
court. If they can, they ought to have the money.
Mr. CONGER. As I understand the amend-
ment, it provides that the money shall remain in
the Treasury for ninety days after the passage of
the act for the purpose of having the rights of the
parties determined. I suggestthattheamendment
does not reach far enough, because as the process
of law could not reach the money in the Treasury
of the United States, it would be necessary that
the amendment should provide that the money be
retained in the Treasury until the question could
be decided by the courts, and that it be paid over
in accordance with that decision.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The money is to be
retained in the Treasury, provided suit shall be
commenced within ninety days. The object of
the proviso is to prevent delays injurious to Myerle.
It provides that the money shall be retained
in the Treasury and paid over according to the
decision of the court; but there is a second pro-
viso that these gentlemen shall bring suit within
ninety days, the object of which is to protect
Myerle.
Mr. BOCOCK obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether the parties to whom he has re-
ferred as having a claim upon this fund, should it
be given to Myerle, did not have the hemp he
rotted m their possession, and whether they did
not take it to New Orleans and put it away for
three years, to the detriment of Myerle and them-
selves ? I will ask, further, whether they did not
come before the House, and ask that they should
have a claim upon that fund ? I would request an
answer to these questions.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I answer, generally,
no. The gentleman is mistaken in part. It would
be perfectly idle for the gentleman and myself to
enter into an argument before the committee, in-
volving all the facts and details of the case. My
amendment provides that these facts and details
shall be settled by a court of justice. The com-
mittee will see in a moment that that is the proper
tribunal to adjudicate the matter.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to understand the case
at the outset, and will, therefore, make one in-
quiry of the gentleman from Kentucky. Do I
understand that the person whose name is men-
tioned here, Myerle, was the agentof theGovern-
ment in making that contract with the other gen-
tlemen ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Not at all.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that it was a private transac-
tion, as between Mr. Myerle and the gentlemen
named in the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. As a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, it became my duty to report this
bill to the House, and I feel able atany time, when
it shall he proper, to state at length to thecommit-
tee the facts and arguments upon which my report
rests. I feel, without arrogating anything to my-
self, that when the time arrives, I can prove to
every fair-minded member of this committee—to
every man whose mind is open to the consideration
of reason, facts and arguments, notwithstanding
the objections of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina and the gentleman from Tennessee—that it is
right. It might seem to be proper for me, in this
stage of the proceedings, to state some of the facts
upon which this claim rests: but I rise at the pres-
ent time more for the purpose of noticing the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky than
for any other. I shall raise the question of order
upon it. With some little doubt upon my own
mind whether this amendment is in order or not,
I incline to believe it is not, and I shall ask the
decision of the Chair on that point before I take
my seat. I view that matter in this light: Mr.
Myerle comes before Congress and represents he
has a claim against the Government of the United
States. The matter goes to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The committee considers if, and
reports to the House that he has a just and well-
founded claim; but here comes in a gentleman rep-
resenting third parties, and says to this committee,
" You ought not to pay this money to Myerle at
this time, because, forsooth, there aie private
claims between him and these other persons, who
are my constituents." The Government ought not
to withhold justice, already long delayed, until they
have an opportunity to test the validity of their
claims against him. What has this Government
to do with Myerle*s transactions with other per-
sons ? Those other persons are not known in the
contract with the Government. There is no priv-
ity between the Governmentand them. And if it
were otherwise, is this amendment in order in an-
other point of view? It provides that this money,
though found to he due, shall not be paid to My-
erle until these gentlemen shall have time to test
their claims against him. How long is that?
They say that they will begin their action in
ninety days.
But who knows with what diligence they will
prosecute that suit? Suppose they employ a dil-
atory lawyer, who will delay it term after term,
and year after year, who knows then when the
matter will be determined? The time,then, during
which the payment of this money is to be sus-
pended, is, in fart, if the amendment prevail, in-
definite. Is it in order to introduce an amendment
to that effect?
Mr. HUNTER. I submit that the gentleman
should allow the Chair to decide thepointof order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have but a word more to say.
This claim has been pending before Congress for
the last five or six years, or more. It has passed
this House, and only failed to become a law be-
cause the Senate did not have time to act on it.
Why did not these gentlemen test their rights with
Myerle during that time? Why did they lie still*
do nothing, and say nothing;, until Myerle was
almost worn out, having lost his health and
strength,and almosthis life in this matter? They
wait all this time, doing nothing, and now come
and ask that the Government will withhold its
ardy justice yet a little longer, until they have
time to do what they might have done long ag-o.
I wish to add a word more upon a point from
which I was diverted by some interruption. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge]
says that his constituents are connected immedi-
ately with this contract, because they obtained a
mortgage upon Myerle's hemp. When becomes
to the proof, he will scarcely be able to show the
existence of any such mortgage. It is unreason-
able to suppose that it was made.
This is a contract on the part of David Myerle
to furnish hemp to the United States Government,
and these men knew that he had agreed to deliver
it to the Government. Would they have agreed,
