2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30.
under such circumstances, to take a mortgage upon
it to secure a debt to them ? I think the suppo-
sition altogether unreasonable. The proof will
test the fact. It is needless, however, to go into
theseconsiderations now. I ask fust the judg-
ment of the Chair upon the question of order
laised by me. I hold, as already stated, that the
amendment is out of order, because it introduces
here third parties, not known to the Government,
who allege that they have claims of a private na-
ture against Mr. Myerle, which this Government
ought not to undertake to settle, but let these men
stand on the same footing with other creditors ol
Myerle, and test their rights in a court of jus-
tice. It further proposes the postponement of this
claim to some indefinite period, though it may be
found to be just. Let the Chair decide.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It seems to me that this
question of order is of some importance. I wish
to say, that so far from the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] be-
ing improper, in my judgment, it is clearly right
and proper. We are sitting here as a court of
equity. This is an application to our sense oi
justice and right. Thesegentfernen come forward
and ask that we shall give a large sum of money,
for losses sustained in making this experiment for
the benefit of the Government. If there is an ap-
propriation to be made, another gentleman comes
forward and says that I am the man who really
has furnished the means for making this experi-
ment, and I am the man who is in interest here;
and therefore, if- the Government is to pay at all,
it should pay the man who has lost his money.
Is not that perfectly proper and right? Would
not a court of equity allow such an application
under any circumstances ? This application is
founded upon the ground that this man was in-
duced to invest his money in the purchase of hemp
for the purpose of trying an experiment which it
was supposed would prove beneficial to the Gov-
ernment. He says that he invested his money in
this experiment at the suggestion of the Govern-
ment. In consequence of the invitation and en-
couragement on the part of the Secretary of the
Navy to make this experiment, he lo^t a large
amount of money.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckin-
ridge] says, that in point of fact the m.tn who
furnished the money and lost it, was another per-
son, a third party; and, therefore, lie aslcs this
House, sitting as a court of equity, if they grant
the money asked for by the petitioner, to place it
m a condition where the question can be settled,
whether it was his money which was lost, or that
of this speculator. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock] gets up and says that he e n sat-
isfy the House that Myerle is entitled to the relief
he asks for; and he intimates if we do not take
his opinion, that we are not fair-minded men.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not expcct to get the gen-
tlemen's vote.
Mr, CLEVELAND. The gentlemnn cannot
get that of a majority of the House. The gentle-
man's assurance certainly will not help his case,
for I believe this House will act upon theevidence
adduced, «nd not upon the opinion of any man.
Mr. HCJNTER. Is tins question debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a question of
order pending ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I did raisea question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan- thinks that
this amendmentisgermane. Whetheri* is proper
or not is a question for the committee to deride.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to say in resrard
to this matter, that when 1 rose { had intended to
speak to the question of order merely, and I had
the unanimous consent of the committee to dis-
cuss this matter, and show why this money should
not be taken by some claim agent who mi^ht
come in here, for the petitioner, and claim that he
had lost this money, when, m point of fact, it
was another's loss. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Air. Brf.cki.v-
ridge] is in accordance with my views. I only
wish to say a word to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,} who has reported this bill.
Mr. SMART, i will ask the gentleman to
give way for a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. CLEVELAND, lam nearly through. I
shall listen with attention to what the gentleman
who has reported this bill will say; and until he
says more than he has said, or anybody else has
said, in favor of this claim, I think that the com-
mittee will hesitate, as I shall, long before they
will advise the House to grant it.
Mr. JOHN "\V. HOWE. If lam wrong in the
statements which I am about to make, I trust that
gentlemen will correct me who have taken part in
this discussion. I understand that this man My-
erle, who was a hemp-grower himself, entered into
a contract with theUnited States to furnish hemp;
that he received assistance from two gentlemen
in Kentucky, and how many more I do not know;
that the credit of these two gentlemen was given
to Myerle, and that they looked to his solvency
entirely for their pay. If this be the state of facts,
then I suppose that they have no claims at all
upon this Government. Myerle has prosecuted
his claim for compensation.
toMr. BRECKINRIDGE. May I interrupt the
(pitleman for a moment? I will make an addi-
tional suggestion. Gentlemen argue this matter
as if there had been a distinct contract with My-
erle by the Government under the authority of the
law to do a particular thing, and then treat my
constituents as third parties who come in here to
interfere between Myerle ami the Government.
That has been thecurrent of the argument. But,
as was forcibly stated by thegentleman irom Con
necticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] this is a case of
equity, to be administered by the Government be-
tween Myerle and the gentlemen named in the
amendment. The general principle, that in cases
of contract with an individual, the Government
will settle with him alone, and not admit third
parties, does not apply. The case lies in a nut-
shell. He desired to test the qualities of American
water-rotted hemp. Experiments had to be
made, and the agieement with Myerle was not
meicly a contract for the delivery of so much
hemp. It required capital to make the experi-
ments, and the Government, promised, through
the Secretary of the Navy, to deal liberally and
justly in the matter of these experiments. In
this stateofthecase, Montmollin and Cornwall ad-
vanced money to buy the hemp, to water-rot it,
and to prepare it for the use of the Navy. A sub-
sequent Secretary refuses to receive the hemp, and
Myerle applies to Congress for relief ivpun prin-
ciples of equity. Congress will not decide this case
upon any contract, but upon its idea of justice to
all parties concerned. Now, where does >he
equity lie ? If this appropriation is to be made to
cover outlays made in experimenting for thebenefit
of the Government, ought it not go to those who
expended the money ? At least, ought they not
to be allowed to have their rights settled m a court
of justice? That is all 1 ask.
Will the gentleman allow me to make an addi-
tional observation to thegentleman from Viiginia?
[Mr. Bocock.] 1 stated that Air. .Myerle had
given these gentlemen a lien upon the hemp to in-
demnify them; but the gentleman inquires, with
an air of great surprise, how he could give them a
lien upon hemp winch was to go to the Govern-
ment. What difference did it make if the hemp
was to go to the Government ? Myerle agreed to
furnish theGovernment with hemp of a particular
qualify—water-rotted hemp. He goes out and
bujrs hemp in the s'ack, in the country, with the
money of these gentlemen, aad gives them a lien
upon it. H wjs to be prepared in a certain mode,
and was afterwards to be submitted to the Gov-
ernment. It is perfectly clear that there was noth-
ing in the agieement to submit to the Govern-
ment which would prevent him from giving them
a guarantee. The information that 1 have received
by letter is, that the Governmehtnevcr foreclosed
any mortgage.
Mr. SACKETT. They objected to the hemp.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Government
refused to take the hemp. Mr. Myerle got a large
portion of it, and Alontmollmand Cornwall apor-
tion; but they are still greatly losers.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky one question. It appears
by the report, if I rightly understand it, that the
Government advanced a considerable sum to My-
erle, when they entered into this arrangement of
preparing this hemp. I ask whether there was
not such an advance upon the hemp by the Gov-
ernment, and whether "that advance has ever been
restored to the Government?
Mr. BOCOCK." The report states that there
was a promise to make an advance; that the Sec-
retary found himself unable to do it without the
authority of Congress; that a proposition was in-
troduced into Congress and passed one House,
but failed in the other, and the advance was in
fact never made.
Mr. HOWE. I have no other motive in rising
but to get at the facts of the case.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to interfere
with the gentleman's speech, but he seems to be
seeking information. I have put into the hands
of the Clerk a letter from Mr. Paulding, the Sec-
retary of the Navy at the time this contract was
made, and who, perhaps, understood it as well as
anybody else, I ask that the Clerk may read
that letter.
Mr. HOWE. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
The Clerk then read the letter, as follows:
Hyde Park, Dutchess county, *ftj>rW20,1852.
Pear Sir: I wrote to acknowledge the receipt of your
two letters from Columbia and Richmond, la^t winter, and
one more recently from Washington, accompanied by an
abstract of the late census, from the Congressional Globe,
fiom winch, among other things, I learn that twelve thou-
sand tons of water-rotted hemp are now annually produced
in the United States.
For this I do not hesitate to say, of my own personal
knowledge, the country is indebted to your exertions, ex-
pcrjenee, enterprise, and perseverance, amid every species
of obstacles and discouragement, and to the luinofyour
affairs. It is by these exertions and sacrifices that the
| United States aie now, in a great measure, if not entirely,
i independent of foreign nations for an article so indispensa-
ble to their naval and commercial marine.
J perceive that a motion to take up the bill for your relief
; was objected to in the House, by a member from North
j Cai olina, whose inoti v^s, I have no doubt, were equaily hon-
est and patriotic. I know very well, from past experience,
1 that a gieat portion of theelaims presented to Congress are
frivolous, fraudulent, and deceptive, or at least founded in
i weak, selfish principles by which men are so often led into
1 erroneous ideas of what is due to themselves and others.
But the recompense you ask of Congress is no adequate
equivalent for your own labors and sacrifices, much
less (or the benefit you have conferred on your country;
and it seems strange that while that body is displajing s>uch
unbounded libfialitv in applying the puhlic property to the
[ construction of railroads through deserts, and in behalf of
future as well as unceitain benefits, it should thus long
have delaj ed to discharge a debt of honest gratitude for one
of such magnitude already leceived. 1 am as great a dev-
otee of public economy as the member from North Caro-
I Una, whose known vigilance m watching over the people's
! money I cordially approve, at the same time that 1 con-
. ccive the obligations of justicc supeiiorto those of mere
| penny-saving.
j Recollecting, as I do, that I was myself instrumental in
I persuading yon to enter on an undertaking which had been
, declined by every other man to whom it was proposed, I
j cannot but feel an interest in the succcss of your apphca-
! tion; f.till less can I withhold my respect from your firm
i chance on the justice of Providence, if not that of Con-
gress. It is the great sheet-anchor, and though it may
I sometimes drag a little in the s>toim, never fails to bring up
! the ship at last. So that I commend you with my best
1 wif-hes for your final success. Your friend and servant,
| J. K. PAULDING.
; To David Myerle, Esq., Washington, D. C.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
: sion of the gentleman from Pen nsylvania, I wish
j to inquire the date of that letter?
j The Clerk. It is dated the 10th of April, 1852.
] Mr. JONES, is it numbered ?
i The Clerk. No, sir.
j Mr. JONES. 1 think Mr. Paulding has writ-
; ten one or two letters upon this subject every ses-
sion of Congress for the last ten years,
i Mr. HOWE. This makes evidence for My-
i erle's claim, and not for the creditors. So far,
very well. 1 was not particularly inquiring as to
| the merits of Myerle's claim, but to see how the
: creditors stood connected with him. That was
! my purpose. You recollect that the law knows
I no mcrcy, no favor whatever. It is the equity of
' which the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] speaks that will administer justice
! to these two creditors of Myerle, (if the evi-
j denoe makes out a case in equity.) I would be
, disposed myself, if there was 'no other evidence
[ than the statement of thegentleman, to turn them
: round to Myerle, because the presumption with
me is, that if Myerle entered into a large contract
I with the Government to procure water-rotted
i hemp, or anything of that kind, and had no means
I or money of his own, and is now totally insol-
! vent, as he says, that he must have many cred-
1 itors.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. He was insolvent
then.
Mr. HOWE. Well, if he is not insolvent now
1 there is no necessity of connecting his creditors
with this bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. He in certainly in-
solvent now.
Mr. HOWE. I was going to make another
