THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WAS'rilNGTOW, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
39o Cohgp.ess, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1852.
New Series No. 327.
suggestion, and it is simply this: I have my own
mind made up in regard to the amendment. Upon
the supposition that he was insolvent then, and is
now, he must have a multitude of meritorious
creditors m Kentucky and elsewhere, if he was
doing business there; and if it is right that these
two persons should be preferred, it is equally right
that ail the creditors should be preferred. There-
fore, this amendment ought to be enlarged, so that
all the creditors of Myerie should have an oppor-
tunity of preferring their claims against him by
suit at law, and substantiating their claims there,
before Myerie should be allowed lo take this
money from the Government.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the gentleman
©How me to call his attention to the difference be-
tween the general creditors and those particular
creditors springing out of the fact that the debt lie
owes to the creditors now before the committee is
a debt intimately connected with the experiments
out of which this appropriation is to spring ?
That, in fact, the appropriation is intended to cover
losses sustained by them?
Mr. HOWE. But I would suggest that all the
creditors who are connected with the hemp, and
who furnished him with the means, are equally
meiitorious with these two, and that they, as a
class of creditors, should all have an equal prefer-
ence, and that there should be no preference to one
over the other, but that they should take at least
pro rata, if this Government does not give enough
to pay them all. If the gentleman will enlarge his
amendment in that way, I shall have no objection
to adopt it.
I believe there are creditors in my own State
who furnished this man Myerie with money or
credit to go on with his undertaking, for which
they never received a farthing. They stand pre-
cisely in the same position and relation to Myerie
and this Government that these two creditor.* do
who have been spoken of by my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge.] I do not believe
that this Government ought to know anything
about the creditors of Myerie at all. That is my
private opinion. If the creditors have given credit
to Myerie, they should look to him; and if he is
not responsible, they should rely upon his honor,
if lie should get the money from the Government
to pay them. It is like most other business trans-
actions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to make a remark,
if my colleague will allow me to do so.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield the floor to my col-
league.
Mr. FLORENCE. My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Breckinridge] intimated to this committee
that Mr. Myerie, at the time of entering into tins
contract, was insolvent.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That is my infagj-
ation.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, sir, if I am correct-
ly informed, as I believe I am, I think I cap sub-
stantiate it to the satisfaction of this committee
and to the House, that Mr. Myerie was at that
time engaged in a very lucrative business in the
gentleman's own State, yielding him, by an ex-
amination of his books, an average amount of
$68 a day, or $15,000 a year. He was enthusi-
astic in this enterprise. He entered into it, because
he believed that he could accomplish a great pur-
pose, and m doing so, he was guarantied by the
then Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Paulding, against
loss; and further than that, the understanding was
that the hemp that he submitted to the Commis-
sioner of Naval Affairs, or some other commission
which I Jhave forgotten, that existed at that time,
was not to be condemned.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. A single word upon
the question of insolvency, that I may be properly
understood. I stated that I believe Myerie was
insolvent, both now and at the time he commenced
these experiments.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no doubt he is at
this time.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I never heard of Mr.
Myerie until about a year ago, nor do I know
127
what his business was; but I have been informed,
from various sources, that he was insolvent.
Mr. FLORENCE. He was a pioneer in the
great improvements of the West. This hemp, if
I understand it, was taken to Boston, and was
taken possession of by the gentlemen who now lay
claim to this money, or a portion of it, and sent
to New Orleans. It was kept there a considerable
time, made into rope ond bagging, and sold, and
the proceeds of the sale went into the possession
or the pockets of the gentlemen represented by
my friend from Kentucky, or whose interests are
represented by him.
Mr. HOWE moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The co mmittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole House had had
the Private Calendar under consideration, and es-
pecially House bill No. 108, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the Military Acad-
emy appropriation bill, with the Senate amend-
ments thereto.
Mr. OUR. What do you propose to do with
it?
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. If there be no objection, I
think the bill had better be put upon its passage.
U is now near the end of the session.
Mr. ORH. i shall object to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to put the bill
upon its passage.
Mr. ORR. I do not know what the amend-
ments are, and therefore 1 object to its being put
upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was received,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask my fnend from South
Carolina to withdraw his motion for a moment,
unit} I can have the concurrence of the House in
a little amendment made by the Senate to the bill
of the House, affecting settlers upon tiie Central
Railroad in Illinois, which will take but a moment.
Mr. ORR. You had better do it to-morrow. I
cannot withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a. ni.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 31, 1S52.
The JTousemetateleveno'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER Htated the question to be upon
recommitting House bill No. 309 to the Com-
mittee on the Post OfK.ce and Post Roads.
LAND DISTRICTS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 478, being " An act to create three
additional land ofiices in the State of Iowa." I
will merely say to the House, that by this morn-
ing's papers, it appears that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office has issued a proclamation
for the sale of the public lands m the State of Iowa.
The people residing on the Missouri river, where
the greater portion of the lands are to be sold, are
two hundred and forty miles from the present land
office. Now, if we pass this bill to-day, a postscript
can be put to the proclamation, whereby it wiil
not be necessary to issue anew proclamation, and
these people will be relieved from the necessity of
traveling that great distance to the land office. I
hope there will be no objection to taking up the
bill.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to hear the bill
read through.
Mr. HENN. I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts wilt not insist on the reading of the bill.
1 will say to him that it is drawn up m the form
of all these bills, an din accordance with the views
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well. I waive the re-
quest.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read the third time
and passed.
WASHINGTON CITY GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
House to take up from the Speaker's table, a biU
from the Senate to increase the capital stock of the
gaslight company of this city, and to allow them
to extend their pipes to Georgetown v I w ill merely
state to the House, that the original capital stock
of the company was $30,000, and thdt the com-
pany very recently expended $180,000 in improve-
ments here in the District, and they wish now to
extend their pipes to Georgetown. They cannot
doit unless we pass this Senate bill. I hope there
will be no objection to taking up (he bill.
There being no objection, the following bill was?
taken up from the Speaker's table and read a first
and second time by its title:
"Senate hill No. 1.33, to amend an act ent'tlejl < An act
to incorporate ilio \Va>imigtonGa*ligia Cornell) v,'unproved
July 8tii, 1^18.
Mr. ST. MARTIN moved that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the hill to
a third reading.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I will merely
say further, in reference to that bill, that, as the
law now stands, the capilai stock of the company
shall be $50,000. The Senate has inserted pre-
vious to the words " fifty thousand" the words
" three hundred and," so that the stock shall be
$350,000; and they have also inserted after the
word "Washington" wherever it occuis, the
words "and Georgetown," so as to enable the
company to lay their pipes in Washington and
Georgetown. This bill does not alter the features
of the ouginal act at all. The act is very strin-
gent, making each stockholder liable for every
cent of the whole indebtedness of the company.
The bill does not alter the features of the charter
at fill. It merely increases the capital stock, and
allows the company to extend their pipes to
Georgetown.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Does the act pro-
hibit the company from exercising banking pow-
ers ?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir; it does.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently road the third time and
passed.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS OP THE WAR
OF 1812.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A month or two since
the Committee on Public Lands reported a bill,
No. 120, "authorizing certain soldiers of the
late war with Great Britain to surrender the
bounty lands drawn by them, and to locate oth-
ers in lieu thereof." Upon the motion of ihe
chairman of the committee, (Mr. H\i,l,] th;it bill
was referred to the Committee of ihe Whole on
the state of the Union. Subsequently the chair-
man moved to reconsider that'vote.'and I now
call up that motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is up^n the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREY. I rise to a question of order.
The morning hour is set apart for reports from
committees.
The SPEAKER. This is also business belong-
