2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
ing to the morning* hour, and being a motion to
reconsider is a privileged question.
Mr. OLDS. Was not the bill to which the mo-
tion refers reported before the House adopted the
special order setting aside one hour of the morn-
ing for the reception of reports from committees?
The SPEAKER. Still the Chair thinks that it
would be classed with the description of business
belonging to themorning hour,and as a privileged
question, it may be called up at any time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say, Mr. Speaker,
that when this bill is understood, 1 think it cannot
be objected to by any gentleman.
In the latter part of 1811, and the first part of
1812, it was found necessary, for the proper defense
of the country, to complete the existing military
establishments, and to add thereto ten regiments
of infantry, two regiments of artillery, and one
regiment of light dragoons, to be enlisted for the
term of five years.
The acts of 24th December, 1811,and 31th Jan-
uary, ISIS, under the provisions of which these
additional forces were organized, provided that the
soldiers thus called out should, upon receiving an
honorable discharge, be entitled to receive a bounty
of three months' pay, and one hundred and sixty
acres of land. But," by these laws no provision
was made for issuing to the discharged soldier a
land warrant,orauthorizinghim to select his land.
That was left to subsequent legislation.
Afterwards, and when the old regiments had
been filled, and the new ones organized, laws were
passed providing for the issuing of land warrants
to such soldiers as were entitled to the land bounty.
But these warrants were not assignable, nor could
the soldier select his land and locate his warrant
upon it, but large tracts of country were surveyed
and set apart as military land districts, and from
the whole the soldier was required to draw his
piece of land by lot. In some instances the lots
fell upon good land, but very many, if not the
greater portion of these soldiers, thus received land
that was not fit for cultivation, that was valueless.
In all these cases the Government has not given
them that compensation which was promised them
when they enlisted. They expected to receive
land that would be of value to them, land that
would furnish them homes, but in this they have
been disappointed.
At an early day Congress recognized the obli-
gation of the Government towards these soldiers.
In 182(> a law was passed extending to the mili-
tary lands in Arkansas only, allowing those who
had received lands that were not fit for cultivation,
to surrender them and locate their warrants upon
other lands in theirstead. That law continued in
force but for five years. But it was renewed again
in 1830, 1840, and in 1848. Now, Mr. Speaker,
the bill before the House, winch I felt it my duty
to introduce at an early day of the session, extends
the provisions of these laws to the military districts
in Missouri and Illinois, and allows the soldiers
to whom valueless lands were allotted in ihesedis-
tricts, to surrender them, and to get other lands in
their stead. This is but right, sir. It is no bounty
granted to these men. It is the discharge of an
obligation resting upon the Government towards
them.
Mr. DUNCAN. I desire to know whether this
bill is limited to the soldiers themselves, or whether
it applies to the assignees of the warrant also ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It ^limited to the soldiers
themselves. I ask that the bill may be read.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. ORR. I doubt very much whether this hill
ought to pass. If I understand it, it relates to
bounty lands, which were granted to the soldiers
of the war of 1812, the warrants for which issued
to those soldiers immediately after the termination
of that war, forty years ago. it strikes me that
that is a very long time to have possession of
lands, and now ask to surrender the original war-
rants, and go upon other public lands for the pur-
pose of locating. I imagine it would resuU in
benefit to the assignees and to speculators, rather
than to the soldiers themselves It strikes me that
there has been unusual delay on the part of the
soldiers in postponing the application for forty
years. I believe I shall move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, but I will withhold
the motion to see if any light can be thrown upon
the subject.
Mr. BRGNTON. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, that
the warrants issued for the benefit of the soldiers
in the war of 1812 were not assignable. They
were to be located for the exclusive benefit of the
soldiers themselves. This bill applies to that
class of warrants only, and, therefore, there can
be no danger of their passing into the hands of
speculators.
Mr. ORR. That may be very true, and it re-
moves one of the difficulties that suggested them-
selves to my mind. 1 do not profess to have
any familiarity with this subject. But some of
these warrants, belonging to soldiers who served
in the war of 1812, have come under my ob-
servation—lands located in some of the west-
ern States—m the States of Arkansas, Missouri,
and other States. The lands, in many instances,
where I have had occasion to examine into them,
have been sold more than twenty years ago by the
authorities of those States for the taxes.
Now, sir, I desire to know whether this bill is
to provide for such cases as this. If this bill is
to provide that lands which have been sold for
taxes twenty years ago, and if the bill is to be
pressed here, I hope it will be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and thoroughly discussed, before it is adopted.
As at present advised, however, I cannot vote
for it.
Mr. BRENTON. The cases of which the gen-
tleman speaks, where lands have been sold for
taxes, or where they are otherwise incumbered,
cannot happen under this bill. The lands cannot
be transferred except in cases where they are en-
tirely unincumbered, and where they are entirely
worthless, and of no benefit to the soldier what-
ever. The law provides that the soldier must, at
the time of his application for a transfer, state that
fact, and prove it to the satisfaction of the officer.
Lands which have been transferred cannot, as a
matter of course, come within the provision of
this bill. Those who have heretofore transferred
them can have no benefit from this bill. There
can, therefore, be no difficulty in relation to the
matter of which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] speaks.
Mr. DUNCAN. It seems to me very ques-
tionable whether we ought to reconsider this vote
and pass this bill. A long time has elapsed since
these warrants have been issued; probably a
large portion of the persons in whose favor they
were issued, have long since deceased. This
Government has fulfilled all its obligations. It
has done what it promised to do. It promised
bounty land and it has given it. it is an objection
in my mind, that by the passage of this bill, you
will increase the labor and expense of the Land
Office, which is already very great. I do not
think these individuals have any just claim upon
the Government to be permitted, after a lapse of
thirty or forty years, to change the location of
their warrants, and I theiefore think the bill
ought not to be reconsidered, and that it ought not
to pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T did not expect to say
anything further upon this bill, hut I desire very
brtetly to reply to the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr Orr,] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Duxcvn.J The locations were
principally, if not all, made in three military dis-
tricts—one in the State of Illinois, one in Missouri,
and one in Arkansas. 1 have before remarked,
that relief of the character asked for in this bill,
has from time to time, since 1826, been given to
those claimants whose lands were allotted in the
Arkansas district. The bill now before the House
| proposes to extend the same provisions to the other
! two military districts. It makes a local law gen-
; eral. I think if any bill ought to pass, the one now
| before the House should. I know of none having
more justice and right in it. The Government
agreed to give these soldiers, in addition to their
other compensation, one hundred and sixty acres
of bounty land—land that was fit for cultivation.
Afterwards the law was passed giving them the
land by lot, so that under it some of them got
good lands and others lands which were worthless.
The object of this bill is, that in such cases those
soldiers who hold worthless lands may exchange
them for good lands.
But the gentleman says these warrants have
been held by these soldiers thirty or forty years.
Why, sir, some of the patents have not been re-
ceived by the patentees over three years. I know
of one case in my own district in which the sol-
dier did not receive his patent till 1849. His land
was drawn for him by lot in the Missouri district,
but when he came to examine it, he found that
most of it was covered with water. There were
not two acres fit for cultivation out of the whole
one hundred and sixty. The patent was issued
to him for land drawn by lot. He did not know
when his patent was issued. It was deposited
here in the Land Office, or in the district land office,
in 1819, and lay there till 1849 without his know-
ing Jt. There are many such cases I have no
doubt. Their lands are drawn by lot, and the
patent deposited here in the Land Office, or in the
district land office, without the soldiers, in whose
favor they are issued, knowing that they have been
issued.
I will only add, sir, upon this point, that the
ime for issuing and locating these warrants has
been extended from time to time, since 1816, until
1842, at which time I find the last act for that
purpose, extending the time again five years. I
am not prepared to say that any warrants have
issued under the extension of 1842, but I suppose
there was a necessity for the law or it would not
have been enacted, and that warrants have been
issued since that time, perhaps at so late a period
as 1847.
Now, sir, I cannot see what wrong can possi-
bly be done by the passage of this bill. If the
soldier has sold his land, or if he has suffered any
lien or incumbrance upon it, or if for any reason,
the title does not remain in him or his heirs, as
perfect, and free from defect, as when it was first
vested in him, then he cannot avail himself of the
provisions of this bill. But if he still holds the
lands by the same title that he received from the
Government, without lien or incumbrance, then,
if the land be valueless, he may surrender it again
to the Government, and in its stead receive one
hundred and sixty acres of good land.
I think we ought to pass this bill. We ought
to pass it now, while it may be of service to the
soldiers, whom it is designed to benefit. They
are becoming old, and if Congress long delays
this act of justice, it cannot benefit them.
Mr. ORR. How would the gentleman ascer-
tain the fact, and how could the Land Office as-
certain the fact that the title to a tract of land in a
remote county in Arkansas, was free from lien,
and was worthless?
Mr. HENDRICKS. T hold in my hand the
printed instructions from the Land Office, under
the law of 1848, relating to the Arkansas district,
which is in the language of the bill before the
House. 1 will answer the gentleman by reading
from these regulations of the Department:
"The proof of the lands being unfit for cultivation,
should be the affidavit of •some disinterested and responsi-
ble person or penons who shall have actually examined
the whole of the land. The proof that the party has not
divested himself of his interest in the land by deed or in
anywise incumbered the same, and that the land has not
been sold lor taxes, must he the certificate of the proper
officer, that there i* no deed or other instrument of recoid
jxoiny to show the fact, and the certificate of the Auditor of
the State or other proper officer, that the land has not been
sold for ia\e«, and that none are due; and the affidavit of
ity to the same effect on both these points.
r. Speaker, this is no donation or bounty
which is asked in this bill. I lis a well-ascertained
right which is claimed, and in passing the bill we
but discharge an obligation which the Government
owes to the men who fought for the country. I
hope the bill wiil pass.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely want to state to the
House that I have some knowledge of these lands
myself. I wish the House to take into considera-
tion the fact, that all subsequent laws granting
bounty lands to soldiers have permitted them to
locate their own lands. They have been permit-
ted to select such lands as they thought fit. But
by the first law granting bounty lands to sol-
diers of the war of 1812, the lands are located by
the officers of the Government in particular por-
tions of the country, as the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks] has stated, and in those
grants about five cases out of every seven proved
to be entirely worthless. So worthless and of so
little value were they considered to the soldiers
that within ten years from that time these war-
rants, or rather these patents, (for they were not
warrants at all,) were in many instances assigned
with the whole interest in them for from $5 to $10
each. Since that time you have permitted the
soldiers to enter their warrants upon the land
themselves. I see no reason why those soldiers
