1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
should not be placed upon the same footing with
the others. I do not see why, if we have given
them worthless land, they should not be permitted
to exchange it for good land. I may be permitted
to say, I own one of these tracts myself. Mine
happens to be a good one; but there is not one
tract adjoining that where I would give fifty cents
for the wholeone hundred and sixty acres. Now,
these soldiers were entitled to good iand. They
were entitled to land fit for cultivation; and as we
have at later periods given to other soldiers—soldiers
of the same war, and of subsequent wars—lands
which were fit for cultivation, I see no reason why
these men should not come in with the rest, and
when they am show that their land is unincum-
bered,be permitted toseleclgood lands in the place
of those which are worthless. I do not make
these remarks outof any personal feeling or inter-
est, because my land is £ood.
Mr. PHELPS. There has been legislation
upon this subject at several different periods. The
first act upon this subject was in 1826. This
merely relates to the location of military land war-
rants in the district set apart within the limits of
the now State of Arkansas. Subsequently, in the
year 1840, the provisions of that act were extend-
ed to the military reservations in the Statesof Illi-
nois and Missouri. The first act upon this sub-
ject only gave the benefit of an exchange of loca-
tion to those who actually immigrated with a
view of settling upon the lands; but the subse-
quent acts upon the subject extended the provis-
ions of that law, and permitted the exchange of
the lands to be made under the provisions of that
bill, whether the soldier desired to settle upon the
lands or not. Now, it is well known in the dis-
tricts of land set apart for the satisfaction of these
military bounty land warrants, both in the State
of Arkansas and in Missouri, that much of the
land was unfit for cultivation, and is mostly unin-
habited.
In the State of Arkansas the greater part of the
iand in this military reservation district is barren
and sterile, while that in Missouri consists mostly
of large and extensive prairies,destitute of wood,
which lands are not yet settled, and the donations
of a quarter section, or three hundred and twenty
acres, which were made by the acts of 1813—'14,
if they happen to fall upon tracts of land remote
from timber, in those wide and expansive prairies
are almost entirely worthless, and the soldier re-
ceives no bounty at the hands of the Government.
Now, where this land is unfit for cultivation,
upon that fact being proved to the register and
receiver at the proper land office, I think he should
be permitted to relinquish his right to the tract of
Iand allotted to him by the Government, and se-
lect other lands in lieu thereof. I hope the motion
to reconsider will prevail, and that the bill will
pass the House.
The question now being upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell of Illinois,
and Fowler were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider prevailed.
The bill was then reported, as follows:
  A bill to authorize certain soldier* in the late war with
Groat Britain to surrender the bounty lands drawn by them,
and to locate others in lieu thereof."
Mr. ORR. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his motion to allow me
to offer an amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman will
allow my amendment to he read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
The provision* of this act shall apply to all cases where
the lands, entered by the holder of a military land warrant
of the Virginia military reservation, have been lost by evic-
tion under a decrec or judgment of the Supreme Court of
the United States on account of the existence of a better
entry or patent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion, and allow me to present the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will explain to the House
the object I have in view, and the cases I propose
to meet bv the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is to
recommit the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will defer my remarks
until that question is disposed of.
The House was being divided, when
Mr. ORR said: Before the question is taken I
desire to call the attention of the House to a mat-
ter connected with the bill. The very contingency
that I anticipated presents itself m the bill. In
relation to lands which have been sold for taxes,
in the States where they have been located, there
is no provision m this bill which would prevent
the same soldier coming to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and making proof to that
effect, and getting land in lieu of that which has
been already sold for taxes. 1 desire to call the
attention of the House to the phraseology of the
bill, which js this:
"Provided, That before receiving such new land, it shall
be proved, to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, that the land so allotted and patented
to said soldiet is unfit for cultivation, and that said soldier
has never disposed of his interest in anv said land by sale of
his own, and that the same has not been taken and dis-
posed ot for his debts due to any individual, and that he
shall release all his interest m the same to the United
States," &c.
Now, I submit that this bill does not protect the
Government in cases where the lands have been
sold for taxes.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not intend to yield
the floor, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of inviting
a discussion upon the merits of the original bill
until after my amendment was disposed of.
TheSPEAKER. Thequestion before the House
is to recommit the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I supposed the question
had been taken upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. A division was called for,
but before a division was had the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] addressed the Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 yielded the floor to have
a vote taken upon that motion.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say a word or two.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
says there is nothing in this bill to prohibit a man
who has lost his lands, by having it sold for taxes,
from laying claim for, and procuring other lands
instead thereof. It is a sufficient answer to that
to say that there is nothing in the bill that allows
him to do :t. The bill simply authorises the entry
of other lands in cases where the land is unfit for
purposes of cultivation.
Mr. ORR. The point of difference between the
gentleman and myself can be remedied at once, if
he will allow an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If we insertm
the bill, after the words, "and that said soldier
' has never disposed of his interest in said land by
4 any sale of his own, and the same has not been
i taken and disposed of for his debts due to any
* individual," the words " or sold for taxes," it will
cover the case and make the bill perfect. With
the consent of gentlemen, I will move to insert
those words.
Mr. STUART. If gentlemen will allow me a
moment, they will see that that amendment will
not answer the purposes contemplated by the bill.
This land, though utterly worthless for the pur-
poses of cultivation, may have been sold for taxes,
and if we insert such a provision as that, it cuts
off all remedy in those cases.
The object of this bill is to give a man land
where he has drawn land which was utterly worth-
less for the purposes of cultivation, and that is the
only object of the bill. Now, if you insert such a
provision, you cut off a large class of cases, for
there is not a more common case, than that lands
owned by private persons are returned and sold
for unpaid taxes, and in these cases, although the
land maybe utterly worthless and good for noth-
ing, yet he could get nothing under this bill.
Now, sir, I will not object to a provision which
shall allow a person, who has lost his land which
was valuable in itself, by its having been sold for
taxes, to enter the same quantity elsewhere, al-
though, for myself, 1 doubt the propriety of it.
Mr. ORR. If I understand the position of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] it is
this: If the lands located are valueless, and have
been sold, the soldier is then entitled to receive
other lands.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. ORR. That is what I supposed.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman what is
his objection ? If the land was valueless, how does
it alter the case, though it has been sold for taxes?
Mr. ORR. A sufficient answer to that is this:
nearly all the soldiers who received bounty lands
for services in the war of 1812 have had the war-
rants in their possession for thirty or forty years.
Well, in the first place, the warrant placed in his
hand notified him of the town, range, and section
where his land was located, and if the soldier did
not look after his interest, with a view of protect-
ing it, and to save it from being sold for taxes
can he or his heirs come into Congress with an
expectation of receiving favor after the expiration
of thirty or thirty-five years, and that the Govern-
ment shall lose all that it originally gave to him,
and a hundred and sixty acres in addition?
Mr. STUART. Let us look at that argument
for a moment. The Government has given bounty
lands to be drawn by lot. When that lot was
drawn it drew land which was utterly worthless
to the soldier, and utterly valueless to theGovern-
ment. The Government, I apprehend, did not
intend to turn off the soldier in that way, and no
one knew that such worthless lands would be
drawn by him. But such would be the effect of
this bill. And what is the argument of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr, Orr?] Why,
that the lands have been held for thirty or more
years, and that the Government has now lost
them. Lost what? Lost a hundred and sixty
acres of land that is under water and never was
worth a cent, and utterly valueless for the pur-
poses of cultivation. I have known numerous cases
of that kind. I was written to during the Thir-
tieth Congress by a constituent of mine, inquir-
ing about his military land warrant, which was
located in the State of Arkansas; and this is but
an instance of the many cases of soldiers living in
New England, Pennsylvania, New York, and
other States, who have drawn lands which were
under water in Missouri and other western States.
It would have cost at that time more than four
times what the lands were worth to go and see
where it is, or to learn anything about it. Again,
the impression was almost universal that the lands
were not subject to taxes, and the soldiers in
almost every instance believed that there could
be no taxes levied upon them, and that they would
lie there until civilization and their convenience
would permit them to go and look them up.
When they went, sir, they found out their error,
and that they were subject to taxation and had
been sold for taxes, and, in many instances, that
they were good for nothing for cultivation if they
had not been sold.
This is one of the plainest cases of justice and
right ever presented to a legislative body.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] while he
is making his remarks, that in many instances
where the lands were sold for taxes, the parties
knew at the time that they were worthless, and
paid no attention to them. They were not worth
even the taxes.
Mr. STUART. If it is proved that the lands
are worthless for the purposes of cultivation, then
the soldiers, that justice may be satisfied, ought
to have lands that are good instead of them.
Mr. HEI5AIID. There seems to be a differ-
ence of views, Mr. Speaker, as to the extent to
which the provisions of this bill should go. Now,
sir, there is an amendment I desire to see made to
this bill of a different character from those sug-
gested. If there is any merit in this bill, I desire
to place all the soldiers of that war who had bounty
land upon an equality. Now, sir, if the soldier
who drew a lot of land that is entirely worthless,
and who has kept it in his hands is entitled now
to have a valuable lot in exchange for it, I do not
see why a soldier who has sold his worthless lot
of land for a nominal price is not entitled to be put
in as good a condition as the one who kept it.
Nor do I see why the soldier who has had his lot
which was worthless sold for taxes should not
have his loss made up to him as much as the
other, if the object of the bill be what I suppose it
is. I therefore differ very much from the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr, <3rr] in relation
to the purposes of the bill. If it is to be passed,
