1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•243
from the fund which lias accumulated in the Treas-
ury from hospital and prize money and unclaimed
balances dueto deceased seam en t provision may be
made in foreign ports for the comfort and accom-
modation of sick seamen; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of the petty of-
ficers, seamen, and marines, on board the United
States ship North Carolfna, praying the repeal of
the act of last session of Congress requiring them
to receive their ration in kind; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of a convention of citizens of Iowa, held at Orka-
ioosa, praying a grant of land to that State for the
construction of a railroad from Davenport to Coun-
cil Bluffs; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of the
Arkansas Central Railroad Company, praying a
donation of land for the construction of a railroad
from the Mississippi, opposite Memphis, to the
boundary of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of James W .
Low, praying compensation for the capture of the
British private armed schooner " Ann" during the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of the heirs
of Sylvester Day, late an assistant surgeon in the
Army, praying the reimbursement of the money
paid by the demand for a substitute during the
time he was prevented by sickness from dis-
charging his duties as surgeon at the United States
arsenal, at Alleghany, Pennsylvania; which was
referred tp the Committee of Claims.
Also, a memorial of a Committee of Inventors
and Patentees, praying certain amendments to the
patent laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office. _
Mr. SPRUANCE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation ,
for the construction of piers and harbors in the i
Delaware river and bay; which was referred to the j
Committee on Commerce. 1
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. ]
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Nathaniel King Kendall, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and I'o^t Roads.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
0,tiered, That ttie petition of Francis P. Gardiner, on
the flies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Tucker, 011 the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Gad Humphreys, on the
files ottlie Senate, he referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered That the petition of John Underwood, on the
files of the Senate, be 1 cloned to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, T\vAt the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating the proceedings of the Court of Inqmry 111
the case of William K. Latimer, a captain m the J>a\j, be
referred to the Committee cm Naval Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED. j
Mr. BRODHEAD, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill 1
for the payment of outstanding loan office and ,
final settlement certificates issued for money loaned, .
,  or for services, or for supplies during the revolu-
tionary war; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance. . .
Mr GEYER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked' and obtained leave to introduce a bill decla-
mo- the assent of Congress to the State of Mis-
souri to impose taxes on lauds hereafter sold by
the United Suites in said State, from and after the
dav of sale; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr SEBASTIAN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
mo- the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Arkansas, in aid of the constiuc-
tion of certain railroads in said State; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of
Enoch Baldwin and others, reported back the"
same without amendment, accompanied by areport,
which was ordered to be printed.
CONSTRUCTION OF THE CAPITOL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Cass, the 29th December, in
relation to the construction of the Capitol, and the
restoration of the Library.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was •
Ordered, That it lie on the table.
RAILROAD COMPANIES.
Mr. J^ELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for granting a right of way thiougli the public lands to all
railroad companies authorized by the laws of the respect-
ive States to construct said roads, when the same pass
through such lands.
MARINE CORPS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Clemens, on the 6th instant;
which was read, as follows, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of adopting a sepa-
rate code of regulations for the government ot the Marine
Corps of the United States. .
Be it further resolved, That said committee lie also in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol authorizing the
President of the United States to appoint, annually, two
cadets to the Military Academy at West Point, to be edu-
cated with a view to appointment in the Mamie corps.
STATE OF THE SURVEYS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Shields yesterday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to employ a draftsman to mark and lay down 011 the maps
now 111 the room of the Committee on Public Lands the
state of the surveys, and also show what has been disposed
of by sale 01 othenvise. The rate of compensation lor the
service shall be the same as that of a cleik not exceeding
$1,800 per annum.
Mr. SHIELDS. Lest there should be some
misunderstanding with regard to this resolution,
I will state what is its object. It is a resolution
which I was instructed by the Committee on
Public Lands to report to the Senate. Draftsmen
! have been employed by the House of Represent-
1 atives for several years, who have prepared maps
showing the state of the public lands in the differ-
ent States of the Union. That labor has been
performed at a very great expense, and lias been
exceedingly difficult and troublesome. Those who
have performed the work have gone to the Greneial
Land Office and examined the plats and the sur-
veys, and have brought these maps up nearly to
the present time. In our committee room we have
the maps ready for the work, and the work is
nearly performed under the operation of some
former resolution. The object of this resolution,
then, is not to go into anything like the expense
which lias been incurred in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I should object to that. But the la-
bor has been done in the House, and is 011 the
maps of the House, and all we want is to trans-
' fer that work to the maps which are now in our
room. I understand the work can be done with-
out much loss of time, and at a very trifling ex-
pense. It can be done, perhaps, in three months.
The expense, as will be seen by a reference to the
resolution, is not to exceed the hire of a clerk foi
the time he is employed; and we shall secure
thereby the benefit of all the information which
has been collected in the House of Represent-
atives for several years. The expense has been
incurred and the labor performed for the House,
and the question is, whether we will take advan-
tage of it.
The resolution was adopted.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, was received, as fol-
'"ltfr'President: The House of Representatives have
passed the following bills, 111 which they request the 0011-
curieuce of the Senate : .
An act for the relief of the Virginia Woolen
Arf act for the relief of Edward Everett;
An act for the relief of David C. Cash and. Giles
U. Ellis;
An act for the relief of John W. Robinson;
An act for the relief of Gardner Herring;
An act for the relief of AlbraTripp;
An act for the relief of Silas Champion, of the
State of New York;
An act for the relief of Philip Miller;
An act for the relief of Joseph Johnston;
An act for the relief of Robert Milligan; •
An act for the reUlf of Sylvanus Blodget;
An act for the relief of Amos Knapp; and
An act for the payment of arrears of pension to
the guardian of Artemas Conant.
MAILS IN CALIFORNIA.
The joint resolution to authorize the Postmaster
General to legalize certain contracts for the trans-
portation of the mail in California and Oregon,
was read a third time and passed.
ENGROSSED RILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time, and passed:
An act for the relief of Mrs. A. M. Dade,
widow of the late Major F. L. Dade, United States
Army;
An act for the relief of Richard Chaney and
others;
An act for the relief of "William P. Greene;
An act granting relief to John A. McGaw, of
New York;
An act for the relief of the personal representa-
tives of William A. Slacum, deceased;
A11 act for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
widow and administratrix of'A. R. Hetzel, late
assistant quartermaster in the Army of the United
States;
An act for the relief of Adjutant General Roger
J on gs *
An 'act for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased;
An act for the relief of Rufus Dwinell;
All act for the relief of Allen G. Johnson; and
An act to extend a patent heretofore granted to
John Schley, of the State of Georgia.
NAVY-YARD AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. GWIN. I should be gratified if the Sen-
ate would now proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 15, which is a bill to establish a
navy-yard and depot on the bay of San Francisco,
in California. This is a bill 011 which it appears
necessary that there should be immediate action.
The bill requires the President of the United
States to cause an examination and survey to be
made of the bay of San Francisco, by a board of
experienced officers, witli a view of selecting such,
a site for a navy-yard and depot, on that bay, as
will be most suitable for such an establishment.
Now, if that board is not appointed immediately,
it will be impossible for them to make a survey
and report upon it before the next session of Con-
gress, and, of course, impossible to take any ac-
tive measures before that time for the construction
of a navy-yard. It has been found that in the
site formerly designed for a navy-yard, tliere is
not sufficient water, and that some other location
will have to be chosen.
There is another reason why this bill should be
passed as early as possible. At the last session
of Congress an act was passed authorizing the
building of a sectional floating dry-dock, and the
same objection exists ill regard to the location of
this dock, as in the location of the navy-yard,
namely a want of sufficient water. There was a
site selected for this dock, and an experiment made
by which it was ascertained that the location was
unsuitable. The dock is now built, and in a few
daysH will be ready to be shipped. But unless
another location be selected, it will be of little orno
use. There will be 110 expense incurred in conse-
quence of the passage of this bill except from the
appointment of these commissioners, and the selec-
tion of a site for this dock and navy-yard. This
bill was reported unanimously by the Committee
011 Naval Affairs, and I hope that there will be no
objection to taking it up.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to postpone
all the previous orders in order to take up this hill.
The question being taken, the consideration of
the previous order was postponed, and the motion
to take up the bill was agreed to.
The bill was then read and considered by me
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
