2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 315
I desire to &ee ?t put upon that footing by which
some substantia! justice and equality shall be dealt
out to all of this class of soldiers alike; and I
would, therefore, have stricken out all that portion
of the proviso with regard to cases where the sol-
dier has sold his lnnd, and where it has been sold
for the payment of taxes or debts. The proviso
is, that he shall in the first place establish the fact
that-the land was worthless for cultivation. I do
not know what difference if. makes to the Govern-
ment whether he has received some merely nomi-
nal sum for it or not. If one class of soldiers is
to be remunerated in this way, X do not see why
all should not who have suffered alike.
Mr, ORR. If it has been sold, Mr. Speaker.,
lhat in the best evidence we have that the land was
not worthless. If a purchaser has been found
where it was sold for taxes, we have an evidence
it was not worthless.
Mr. HEBARD. Whether that be a soquitur
or a non sequitur, it is not the point I am arguing.
The provision of the bill is, that the soldier, or his
heirs, shall show the particular fact that the lot of
land dr.nvn was worthless, if the fact be estab-
lished that the lot, of land was worthless, J do not
ceethat it should make any difference with the
Government whether the title has been kent, in the
hands of the soldier or not. If he parted with the
title of his worthless land, it must have been for
a mere nominal consideration.
Mr. ORR. Let me make another suggestion to
the gentleman. Suppose the soldier, under this
bill, proves that the land was valueless in 1818 or
1819, when he received the warrant, and that it
was sold for taxes, and went into other hands at,
perhaps, one or two cents per acre; and suppose
that tract of land is now worth five dollars per
acre, how is the question to be settled ?
Mr. HEBARD. That, perhaps, may be one of I
the contingencies very difficult to guard against, j
I suppose the object is to have the soldier show)
that he has not received that which the Govern- J
ment contracted to give. When he contracted to
serve the Orovemmeiit as a soldier, it was provided
that lie should receive as a part of his compensa-
tion, one hundred and .sixty acres of land. He
expected that the lot of hmd he should receive
would he of some value, and if he has received
only worthless land after the performance of his
duty, I do not see what difference it makes with
the Government whether he has sold it, or it has
been sohl for taxes; hut in the case the gentleman
supposes, neither the soldier nor his assignee
would be benefited by the provisions of this bill.
Mr. TUCK'. 1 v.ish to say av/oid, by way of
caution, to (he House, in regard to the passage of
row new lull providing for the giving away of the
public lands*. My record is very clear here for
the last few years. I have voted against every
scheme that has been set up for giving away the
public uuuls, with the exception of the homestead
bill of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son7.] The more I leflectupon and examine into
the extensive operation of the laws which have
been passed, the more 1 aril satisfied withthe pro-
priety of the course 1 have pursued, in order to
imp) e'Srt upon Houw the importance of caution
m ao<jii!cscii'L'" hi miy riaim for disposing of the
pul-be land, ! niM* to rail the attention.of the
House to tin* fact: All will recollect that about
the month of January last an important bill was
under consideration here, the main features of
which, as then supposed, referred to making pro-
visions for the t egistem and receivers of the land
offWij; and the bill passed after a very patient
consideration by the House. The provisions of
that mil were supposed to have been thoioughly
examined hut, sir. it was not understood, or if it
was understood by anybody, it was carried
through this House by a smuggling process. The
great feature of the bill, ns it was discussed here,
was a proposition to give from $ 100,000 to $200,000
to the registers ami receivers of the land offices.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very
anxious, as this bill affects mv own State, to sub-
mit a remark or two in regard to it, and I would
to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
fis he is not discussing the question, to yield me
the (loor.
Mr. TUCK. T cannot give way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will then make the ques-
tion that, as the gentleman is talking about regis-
tersand receivers, who have nothing to do with the
question, he is out of order.
r
b:
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman is wandering
from the question before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the gentleman
going on. I have called him to order.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman has been
called to order, he will have to take his seat.
Mr. TUCK. Cannot I proceed m order?
The SPEAKER. Strictly, under the rules,
the gentleman cannot, only by a vote of the
House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will beg leave to call the
attention of the Chair to the rule. When a mem-
ber is called to order, it is in the discretion of the
Speaker to require him to take his seat. If the
Speaker shall order him to take his seat he can-
not proceed without a vote of the House,
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gentle-
man from New Hampshire will be allowed to pro-
ceed with his remarks in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. TUCK. 1 have a few words more to say
in reference to the bill passed in January for the
benefit, as was supposed, of registers and receiv-
ers. There was in the bill alluded to, inserted in
a most cunning and unobserved connection, a pro-
viso repealing " the last proviso of the ninth sec-
tion of the act of February, 1847." This short,
unobserved clause was not observed nor consid-
ered by the House, nor discussed, nor probably
understood, by the Senate. Not a gentleman in
either House referred to it in the discussion.
Now, sir, I have in my hand a letter from the
Commissioner of Pensions, written at my request
after that law passed, giving me an estimate of
what would be the operation of the repeal of that
ninth section aforesaid. The Commissioner says
in this letter, that, according to the best estimate
he can make, about two thousand persons will be
'entitled to warrants of one hundred and sixty |
acres each, and from one to two thousand persons j
entitled to warrants of forty acres each. This ]
vast amount of land—380.000 acres by estimate— |
way secured by one line in a bill which purported
to be for another purpose altogether. I have esti-
mated. according to the present prices of warrants,
the value of the land that will issue by the repeal
of that section. It amounts to the enormous sum
of f3'l2,500. This magnificent appropriation was
obtained without a knowledge on the part of Con-
gress of what they were doing. The clause re-
ferred to was not discussed; but the proposition
on the lace of the bill, to pay registers and receiv-
ers £11)0,000 or £ 200,0u0 was the almost only fea-
ture that was spoken of. Ceitainly not one in
twenty of the members had any conception of
what has proved the great provision of that bill.
I voted against that bill, and 1 shall give no sort
of favor to this now proposition to give away an-
other portion of the public domain.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must really call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER, The Chair feels compelled
to decide the gentleman's remarks are not in or-
der.
Mr. TUCK. X have done.
Mi. HERARD. I have but a single word more
to say. "When I yielded the floor to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] I did
so muler the supposition that he wished only to
make a suggestion or to propound an inquiry. I
had but very httle more myself to say. My pur-
pose, as I have before stated, in rising was merely
to express a few views in relation to the bill. I
did not mean to express by what I said whether
I was in favor or opposed to the passage of the
bill, but the amendments that would be necessary
to make the bill acceptable to me, and to carry
out the purposes which I suppose were the object
of the biH. The amendment I have suggested
would have to be made, in my opinion, to put the
bill upon a footing of equality. I have not exam-
ined the case, nor am I in possession of all the
facts which wculd justify me at the present time
in giving a vote upon this bill. I am not as well
situated as gentlemen representing other sections
of the country, to know what frauds may be per-
petiated, and what ones have been practiced in
the location of these lots: but unless all of this
class of soldiers can be put upon an equality, I do
not see any propriety in disturbing the law as it
now is.
Mr. GIDDINGS. X have some personal knowl-
edge in regard to the rights of these soldiers. I
lived in that day, and I have dealt somewhat in
those rights. The #rst appropriation of public
lands for the meeting ©f these bounty land war-
rants, waa that territory between Illinois and the
Mississippi river—one of the best territories, per-
haps, which could be found in the whole wester?*
country. There was less wasteland upon it, than
on any other territory. This was drawn by the
first soldiers who received their bounty lands; and
I will now state it as a fact, that for two or three
years, and while those lands were exempt from
taxation under the laws of the United States, the
current price of these rights in the market was $25.
I have bought many a right for $10.
Mr. EDGERTON. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion to proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table is now the only one in order*
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can my colleague take the
floor from me, to submit his motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
would not be strictly in order, until the motion
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Edckb-
ton] is disposed of. It will be disposed of by the
presentation of a single bill without a vote. The
rules must be enforced strictly. That is the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky. Does not the
unfinished business of yesterday, the report on
printing, which was postponed until to-day? come
up and take precedence?
The SPEAKER. It will not take precedence
of private bills, because this day is sot apart for
private bills.
Mr. FOWLER. If we proceed to the business
upon the&peaker's table, will we take up private
bills?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir, in their order.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope we will do that. It
will take but a few minutes, and those bills ought
to be disposed of.
Senate bill No. 185, an act for the relief of the
Raleigh and Gaston Railroad Company, was then
read the third time.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole upon
the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken,and upon a divis-
ion, there were ayes 40, noes 76.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole upon the Pi ivate Calendar.
j[ THE REPORT ON PRINTING.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to take up the printing matter?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order, and that we shall proceed with the bill just
announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that under
the circumstances the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] may have a vote upon his pro-
position to proceed to another privileged ques-
tion. It cannot be done without a vote of the
House.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the subject of print-
111 Mfr. FOWLER. Not to-day.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Cleveland and Chand-
ler, were appointed.
I The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 82, noes 45.
So the House agreed to take up the report of
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STANTON. It is not my purpose to de-
tain the House with a speech.
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition is
to refer the subject to the select committee.
Mr. STANTON. I will content myself with
merely stating, for the information of the House,
that the Joint Committee on Printing, and the Select
Committee appointed some time ago upon the same
subject, have had several conferences in reference
to the character which should be given to this bill.
After a great deal of deliberation, and after con-
sulting with the most intelligent and experienced
printers of this city, of whose services they could
avail themselves, tiiey came to the conclusion as
