246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
friend, thechaiiman of the Committee on Printing,
of whose rectitude, and whose fidelity to his duties
as a member of this committee, X shall ever speak
■with the highest respect, has manifested the utmost
repugnance to having this duty devolved upon
him.
I contend, then, that the very character and
essence of this resolution involves the idea that
a contract is to be made which is to confer pecu-
niary advantages upon a p^icular party; and I
do not hesitate to say—I care not what efforts may
be made by honorable members constituting a
majority of this committee—that it will involve
the expenditure of a very large sum of money
over and. above what should be required for the
execution of the work which is now under con-
sideration.
But, Mr. President, there are some objections,
which should be urged in detail, to the measure
1I0V.' before the Senate, and to which I wish to
invite the particular attention of the members of
this body. In the first place, I have to remark
that in the present state or condition of this sub-
ject, the resolution, in the form m which it is pre-
sented to tlie Senate by my honorable friend from
Indiana, is utterly impracticable, or in other words,
it is impossible for the Committee on Printing to
determine what terms would be "just and rea-
sonable," or what terms they should require of
Donelson & Armstrong, for the reason, that Con-
giess has not yet made any order specifying the
number of copies of these returns which they in-
tend to have printed. My friend from Indiana
does not propose to settle,by his resolution, what
number of copies are to be ordered by the two
Houses of Congress; and yet it would seem to me
that this is a question to which he should have
addressed himself at once when he proposed to
print the Census returns. Are we to enter into a
contract for the printing of the.se returns without
knowing how many copies are to be ordered by
the two Houses of Congress? How can the
Committee 011 Printing determine what terms are
just and reasonable unless they know what is to
be the number of copies and the magnitude and
extent of the work ? If my honorable friend from
Indiana will reflect on this subject for a single
moment, he will^see that it is utterly impossible
for us to form any opinion 111 regard to what shall
be the terms. And why is it so? Because the
cost of composition for one hundred copies, or
even one copy, is exactly the same that it would
be for ten thousand copies. If you order five
hundred copies, you are then to pay per copy a
comparatively high price, because the expense of
composition is only spread over five hundred
copies. Iiut if you order the printing of five
thousand copies, the cost of composition is divi-
ded among the live thousand copies, and tlie price
becomes comparatively low per copy; anil if you
print toil thousand, then the evpense of composi-
tion is distributed over a greater number of copies,
and the cost per copy becomes still lower than if
live thousand copies are printed. I say again,
then, that the first thing to be done, before we
make any contract for this printing, is to' deter-
mine what number of copies we are to print. If
my friend from Indiana will refer to the act of
Congress which was passed in regard to the -Sixth
Census, lie will find that the law which provided
for the printing, fixed also the number of conies
to he printed. It provides:
"That when the afoiesaid enumeration shall he com-
pleted and returned to the office of the Seeretarv of State,
by the marshals of the several States, lie Minll direct the
printer? to Congress to print lot the iho of ('(hi^kss t ju
thousand copies of the aforesaid returns reeeued7mm the
marshals."
Now, then, Mr. President, I object entirely to
the passage of that resolution, even in the form
in which it has been presented by my friend from
Indiana, until the Senate is prepared to decide as
to the number of copies of these returns which
shall be printed; for there is no possibility of the
Committee on Printing deciding what terms would
be just and reasonable until they know what
number of copies they are to order.
But, Mr. President, what is more than that the
price per copy will not only depend upon the
number of copies to be printed, and also on ac-
count of the distribution of the cost of composi-
tion over the entire number of copies, but there
comes in another element which is material to be
taken into consideration, and it is, that if it be a
large number of copies, the parties who under-
take the printing can afford to make a propor-
tionate reduction, not only in consequence of the
distribution of the cost of composition over a
larg% number of copies, but they can afford to
make deductions in consideration of the magni-
tude of the work itself—-I mean the magnitude of
the "number of copies ordered. If it be a large
job—if there be ten thousand, or fifteen thousand,
or twenty thousand copies ordered—the magni-
tude in reference to the number becomes an im-
portant element to be taken into consideration, in
order to enable us to decide judiciously and prop-
erly what terms are "just and reasonable."
And, sir, besides all this, not only will the com-
mittee be involved in inextricable difficulty, unless
the number of copies is fixed, but I desire also to
inquire how Donelson & Armstrong can them-
selves decide whether they will accept such terms
as the committee may see fit to prescribe or dic-
tate, unless they know what is to be the number
of copies printed ?
Thus there is another difficulty in the way of the
resolution of m^jrier.d from Indiana. It would
seem to be eqiumy necessary that both the com-
mittee and the proposed contractors should know
the magnitude or extent of the work to be done;
and, Mr. President, what do we know about it?
The work is not completed; no report of this
work has been submitted to the two Houses of
Congress. What the work is to be the Senate
does not know, neither is there any human being
in the country who does know, or can know at
present. We know—or rather we have every
reason to believe—that it is to be a work of very
great magnitude. From the number of persons
employed on the work at the present time, and
from the length of time in which they have been
engaged, and are still likely to be engaged, we
may conclude that it is to be a document of ail
unusual siz.e. I have understood that in making
up the census returns of 1840, there were only
seventeen clerks employed in all. That, we know,
was a large work; and I believe it was laid before
Congress and published as early in the session as
this time, in 1841 or 1842. But instead of seven-
teen clerks employed, I understand that they have
now in the Census Office a hundred and sixty-
one clerks and messengers. I do not know how
many messengers there are, or how many clerks;
but I understand the roll of the present employees
runs up to a hundred and sixty-one, and I sup-
pose the services of all these clerks are rendered
necessary by the great number of interrogatories
and the vast amount and variety of statistics
brought into the returns of the marshals by the
act of Congress on this subject. What is to be
the magnitude of this work 1 have no means of
knowing; and how can the committee, without
that, knowledge, decide what terms would be "just
and reasonable >" Sir, if Messrs. Donelson &
Armstrong, in consequence of the vast magnitude
of the work, have to get, a vast deal of new in<i- !
chinory, and presses, and a vast quantity of type, !
which would be of very little use to them after the
work is completed, and upon which, when they |
come to make a disposition of the machinery and j
presses and type, and other materials, they must 1
sustain a great loss, then the committee ought to
accord one set of terms. If, on the other hand, 1
it is comparatively a small work, coming within -
the capacity of their present machinery, they could
afford to do it on another set of terns. And how
can we judge of the ability of Donelson & Arm-
strong to do the work, unless something is known
of what this work is to be?
But again, who ever heard of the two Houses of
Congress ordering a document of this importance i
to be published before it had been communicated
to them? I have never heard of such a thin".
Mr. BORLA1ND. Will the Senator from Con-1
necticut allow me to ask him a question ? !
Mr. SMITH. Certainly. ;
Mr. BORLAND. Did 1 understand the Sena-'
tor to say that the Census Board had a hundred !
and sixty-one persons employed in the preparation !
of the returns of the census ; i
Mr. SMITH. I understand that there are one i
hundred and sixty-one clerks and messengers em-
ployed. ■
Mr. BORLAND. I asked the question simply ,
for information. ;j
Mr. SMITH. I suppose the employment of |j
these persons is rendered necessary by the extent |
and complexity of the intenogatories that were I
propounded by order of the two Houses of Con-
gress ? But the Blue Book will tell the story, and
my honorable friend can refer to it.
The provisions of the Census act, as I insist,
shows conclusively that Congress could not have
contemplated the printing of these returns until
they h&d been made out and submitted to the two
Houses of Congress. This act provides that
" the Secretary of the Interior shall see that all
1 due diligence is employed by the marshals and
* assistant marshals to make the returns of their
' respective doings complete at the times herein
'prescribed. And further: as the returns are so
' made, to cause the same to be so classified and
'arranged in the best and most convenient manner
' for use, and to lay the same before Congress at
' the next session thereof."
Why lay them before Congress ? Not for the
purpose of founding any legislation upon them.
Formerly the census returns were laid before
Congress to enable Congress to apportion the
membeus of the House of Representatives among
the various States of the Union. But that labor
has been taken off our hands. These returns
were to be made out and laid before Congress,
not for the purpose of becoming the foundation of
legislation, but solely to enable Congress to make
a suitable and proper order in regard to their
printing. 1 can conceive of 110 reason for commu-
nicating the census returns to the two Houses of
Congress, except simply that we might have them
before us in order to form an opinion in regard to
their character and in regard tt> their value: to see
whether they are properly arranged—whether we
have reason to believe they are accurate, and then,
in inference to the magnitude of- the wo^k, to de-
cide how it shall be printed, and what number of
copies shall be printed.
But the honorable Senator from Indiana, before
these returns came in from the Secretary of the
Interior, who was to complete and submit them to
the two Houses of Congress, proposes that we
should take a leap in the dark; that without know-
ing anything as to the magnitud? of the work, or
as to its accuracy: or whether it comes before us
in a f' rm in which it oughtto be printed; without
knowing anything in regard to the number of
copies—he proposes what? Ah I a job is wanted
for the proprietors of the Union office in this city.
Such seem to be the indications of the case, and
therefore we are to take time by the forelock, and
seize hold of the first page that happens to be
completed; or perhaps the committee are to go up
to the Census Office, (for my honorable friena does
not propose to make an order on the Secretary
of the Interior to hand over any portion of these
returns,) and, for aught I know, to break into the
office, and capture a portion of this document and
hand it over to the proprietors of I lie Union. From
all the circumstances of this case, we may be
led to infer that that office is pretty hard pushed
for supplies. Why ccfnnot the Senator wait till
the document comes here ? The Secretary of the
Interior is not ordered to hand the document over
to them; he is only ordered by the law to lay it
before Congress. Surely the worthy and highly-
respectable gentlemen, who are the proprietors of
the Union, are not in a state of starvation. Why,
then, should there be such monstrous haste to get
hold of some portion of the public Treasury to
sustain the organ of the Democratic party, for
which, as I have said, I have a very great respect?
It is an excellent organ—it supports the principles
and doctrines and views of a very patiiotic party;
though, as I believe, a party which is monstrously
mistaken with regard to some very important
fjuestions of public policy. Still I admit that it
is necessary and proper that they should have an
organ; and I am perfectly willing and desirous
that it should prosper. I do not know but that I
may be persuaded, by and by, to come into this
measure myself, and hand over to them the job of
printing the Census returns; for I believe I am a
very accommodating gentleman. I am disposed to
oblige my Democraticfriends, and particularly my
honorable friend from Indiana, the author of this
resolution. I have received a great many favors
from him since I have been a member of this
body, and if he should put it on the footing of
reciprocation of favors, I might go a great way to
oblige him, and do something forthis Union office,
which seems now to be so severely pressed that it
cannot wait forthis document, but must catch hold
of its head or tail, and print it before we know
