2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
complexity and difficulty, I am not certain that
the information I possess is to be relied upon, or
that the views I entertain as to the best mode of
managing it are safe guides to proper results.
The first section of the bill under consideration
repeals the resolution .of 1846, which established
the contract system, whereby the public printing
was let to the lowest bidder. I am perfectly sat-
isfied, from the experiments which have been
made under that resolution, that the system should
be abandoned.
The contract system was established upon the
idea that it secured economy, and was the fairest
mode of selecting the printer, since it seemed to
present the largest field for competition among
those who were desirous of employment in the
business of Congressional printing. Experience
has demonstrated the fact, that neither of these ele-
ments, upon which the system was founded in
theory, appear to work well in practice. First,
economy is not secured ; bccause the work, when
performed at all, has always been badly executed,
and comes to Congress so tardily that the subjects
to which the printed matter relates have either been
disposed of before we receive the document, or
have passed away from the attention of Congress,
for the want of the information the document is
supposed to contain. It must be apparent to all
that this delay compels Congress to legislate in the
dark, or not to legislate at all ; and consequently
that it is disastrous to that intelligent determina-
tion of questions which the public expects from
such a tribunal as this ; also, fatal to the practice
of enlightened public economy.
Independent of these considerations, experience
has shown that while contracts have been repeat-
edly given under the system, there is no instance
in which Congress has not been memorialized, and
appealed to for indemnity and remuneration for
alleged losses of the contractors. Our files now
contain such memorials from Wendel and Van
Benthuysen, from Ritchie, and we shall have an-
other from Hamilton. Congress seldom resists
such applications when urged with perseverance.
The votes which have been taken in this and the
last Congress, upon some of these applications,
leave little room for doubt that whatever expec-
tation may have been formed of realizing economy
of expenditure by resorting to a contract with the
lowest bidder, will be disappointed by the ultimate
settlement with the contractor, who appeals from
the hardships of his contract to the generosity and
magnanimity of Congress.
The delay—the imperfect execution of the
work—the inconvenience of legislating without
the aid of printed matter, embodying the inform-
ation submitted to the consideration of Congress,
would seem to present sufficient reasons to abolish
the system. The printing ordered by the last
Congress is not yet completed—that ordered by
this Congress has been delayed, as we all know,
to a decree and extent which has been greatlyin-
convenient, and indeed prejudicial to the public
interests, it will always be thus under that sys-
tem. But, in the second place, the idea of enlarging
the field of competition for the employment and
securing fairness among bidders, has'proved an
error also.
The public printing was divided into five classes
by the advertisements, with a view that different
bidders might propose for a part only, or for parts,
or for the whole, as might suit their desire and
their capital. They who understand the charac-
ter of the work, possess great advantages in form-
ing their bids overprmu-rs who do not understand
it. Such persons may bid for three classes, or
for the whole, and by bidding low upon a class in
which little is to be done, and very high upon a
class in which much is to be done, may secure a
contract, by reason of their average of the whole
falling below the fair bidder for a single class who
asks fan* and living prices for that class. The
same thing obtains when only a single class is
bid for. Thus, the advertisements may be for
proposals to print the fifth class—so much for
what is to be done in one kind of type, and so
much for what is to be done in other kinds of
type. The printer who knows the probable quan-
tity of each kind of type to be used in that class,
will propose to set up for nothing per page in that
type in which he foresees that very little will be
required, and at a very high rate for that in which
he sees that much will be required, and so takes
advantage, by the average, of the fair bidder who
looks to a compensation for whatever type may
be used, and bids accordingly. The like advan-
tages are taken in the rates of press-work, and
whatever else appertains to the work. There are
minutiee in this business which you and I cannot
understand—which practical printers cannot, vn-
less they are entirely conversant with the routine
of Congressional printing—of which our clerks
and committees know little or nothing, and there-
suits of all our attempts to put the system in force,
have produced the conviction, upon my mind, that
the printers here in Washington can combine and
confound us whenever it suits their interest or
pleasure; and shouldsomeunfortunate wight catch
a contract that results disadvantageously, Con-
gress is then to be besieged for indemnity or remu-
neration, and yielding to the appeal, stands a first-
rate chance to pay, in the settlement, a higher
price for bad woik than would have been requisite,
under other circumstances, to have secured neat-
'ness, dispatch, and workmanlike execution of the
same printing.
My own reflection upon the contract system has
induced the conclusion that it is erroneous in the
very principles upon which it is based. The prin-
ciple is, that he is the best person to employ who
will work the cheapest. The only criterion the
system proposes whereby to judge the person to
be employed, is the cheapness of the bid. As this
is to be repeated at each Congiess, by advertising
anew for new proposals, and constantly referring
the decision of thechoice to thesame standard, (the
rate of the bid,) it will be seen that, no matter how
faithfully the public printer may have executed his
contract, or how much he may have expended in
his preparation to do the work so as to suit the
wisnes of Congress, or how much Congress may
desire to continue him in that employment, the
system closes the door upon him, and upon Con-
gress also, if any competitor shall luue underbid
him to the amount of five dollars. This fact
makes the contract for the printing of Congress a
most hazardous enterprise for a man of business.
He must necessarily invest very extensively in
materials essential to the conduct of his business,
and must keep a large capital in movement to pay
ordinary and extraordinary expenses. Shoulu he
fait to secure a renewal of the contract after his
first term, the depreciation upon his stock will
overbalance any legitimate profits he could make
on a fair contract; for no property that 1 know of
is so unavailable as old presses, half-worn type,
desks, cases, and the ordinary fixtures of a print-
ing establishment. Hence you find, practically,
that the contractor is not prepared, and fears to
prepare himself to execute the work with dispatch;
for the law holds out no assurance of continuance
in employment as a reward for fidelity to his en-
gagement, but, on the contrary, proclaims that
skill, honesty, and the proper performance of the
contract, will all be borne away and overwhelmed
by a bid, if it shall be ten dollars cheaper than the
bid of the printer who may have invested his
means as I have supposed.
This system is an appeal to the avarice of labor
for employment. Government stands m the mar-
ket with work to be done, and means to pay for it,
asking laborers to compete for it; but, unlike a
private individual pursuing his own interest, Gov-
ernment declares that it does not mean to choose
among the competitors from a comparison of abil-
ity, capacity, and fidelity—the only test is cheap-
ness. He who is worthless may succeed over him
who is able, and faithful, and tried, and ready
to proceed with the work. The result has been,
and will be, that the incompetent and adventurous
will succeed in procuring contracts they cannot fill,
and soon fail to execute—public loss occurs—the
Government suffers—while, notunfrequently, the
contractor is ruined.
It may be replied that the Government secures
! faithful performance by taking bond with sureties
| from the contractor. Why, sir, how fallacious is
| such an idea! What are such bonds worth?
Where have been the recoveries on public bonds
during the whole history of the Government?
Even when public funds have been embezzled by
fiduciaries, the bonds have not secured a reim-
bursement, and more seldom have any contractors
in any branch of service been successfully prose-
cuted for liabilities incurred. A public printer's
bond I Why, Mr. Speaker, no suit could be in-
stituttd to mark the damages resultingfrom a delay
in executing Congressional punting, and none will
ever be instituted which would pay the costs of the
prosecution. No system is wise, in connection
with the public printing, which provides for a de-
termination of the choice by the cheapness of the
bid alone, and which deprives the employer of the
right to judge from knowledge, of the ability and
capacity of the employee to perform the service.
No system can be wise when defaults under it are
accompanied by no penalty which can be practi-
cally enforced, or when political partialities or the
general magnanimity of Representatives may turn
failures and losses under a contract into the basis
upon which to found indemnities which will turn
out to be heavy rewards. Congress will not pur-
sue the obligor who has failed to perform a ruin-
ous contract, and much less will it pursue innocent
sureties. These considerations have induced me
to recommend an entire change of the system.
Two methods of executing the public printing
were suggested in lieu of the contract system: 1st.
The establishment of a Government printing office
under the direction of a superintendent. 2d.
The employment of a public printer to execute the
work, according to prices fairly remunerative, and
to be regulated by law. The bill we have reported
combines both these plans, yet adopts neither en-
tirely.
Great objections exist to the adoption of the
plan of a Government printing office. It estab-
lishes a printing oflice upon the means of Govern-
ment, which may be used by those to whom it
may be intrusted, for other purposes than mere
Government printing—purposes which may make
it a means of oppressing those who have engaged
private capital in the same kind of business. Con-
gress cannot watch the operations of such an es-
tablishment, and persons engaged in such an office
will undertake, on private account, at leisure
hours, a thousand jobs, which have no relation
to public affairs, to the detriment of other print-
ing establishments, in the city or out of it.
Immense outlays of money will be required to
supply the wastage of material, where the Gov-
ernment is the source of supply. Experience
proves, that when private interest watches the
preservation of means invested, there will be a
proper effort to prevent the wastage of the original
stock, and, consequently, greater caution in the
use of it. Were a printing office purchased by
Government, still, a superintendent must be em-
ployed; journeymen printers must be the compos-
itors; presses, and paper, and ink, must be the
means of executing the work. If a profit is de-
rivable from the use of presses,paper, and ink, by
individual enterprise, it is urged that, by this ex-
pedient, that profit will be saved. But, in lieu of
the profit saved, Government will expend large
sums for ground and buildings, in salaries and
wages, and be subjected to unusual wastage; for
what belongs to the public will not be taken care
of by persons engaged about a printing office.
Again: such an enterprise will cut off all who
have invested their means here foi the purpose of
earning a livelihood by printing, and who looked
to the patronage of Government, through its mul-
tiplied departments, as one of the supports for
their trade. The special committee have com-
pojed the advantages and disadvantages to result
from this plan, and have concluded to recommend
against its adoption, and in favor of the election,
by each House in Congress, of the public printer
for the Houses respectively. No objection exists
to this mode but the abuse which springs from the
influence of political partialities. The dominant
political party in each Congress will elect apoliti-
cal friend—in all probability the conductor of a
central party newspaper. To such a person,
when elected, profitable jobs of printing will be
given, and, it is feared, occasions will be sought for
the grant of extra allowances. Political parties
are constantly changing in this Hall. The ma-
jority of to-day is the minority of to-morrow. So
far as party patronage is concerned, the plan of
electing a public printer is as fair for one party as
another. The fear to be entertained is, that the
ardor of party feeling may cause forgetfulness of
the public interest in the struggle for power. Party
fealty is often invoked to rescue a party favorite,
or a party organ, from apprehended ruin; and
then allowances may be made, for which there ex-
ists no necessity in the pursuit of genuine public
interests. But, Mr. Speaker, what check can be
placed upon a majority determined to take such a
step ? If you have the contract system, the extra
