1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
allowance will be made in the shape of indemnity
for alleged losses, if you have a Government
printing; office, it will he extended under some new
form. The best remedy is to establish the rates
beforehand, and by law, and then he who takes
the printing will see what he may expect, and, as
his work progresses, let him draw his pay, ac-
cording to those rates. The only fear must spring
from a distrust of the Representatives of the people;
and, in a Government like this, if the people may
not repose securely upon their Representatives in
Congress, they cannot expect to rely upon any
power known to the Constitution.
The bill provides for the appointment of a su-
perintendent of the public printing, who shall be !
a practical printer, and versed in a knowledge of J
all that appertains to printing and book-making. '
Withal, he is not to have interest in any contract |
for paper, ink, or printing. Upon this person the >
bill imposes the duty of giving out the matter to
be printed; of receiving it when printed; of exam-
ining the work and rejecting it when unfaithfully
or improperly executed, and of attending to the
dispatch with which it is done. He has a liberal
salary allowed to him, and he is to be restrained
from a violation of his official obligations by bonds
and by penal sanctions.
The idea of the committee is, that the advant-
ages to arise from a printing bureau are secured
by this employment of a practical printer to take
the general and particular supervision of this
branch of the public business. He will be disin-
terested between the Government and the printer;
but, should he attempt oppression, he may he re-
moved from office, or his decisions may be re-
viewed by the Joint Committee on Printing, ft is
supposed by the committee that the same charac-
ter of talent which enables a foreman of a heavy
book concern to guide its operations in the busi-
ness of publishing, would be able to render satis-
faction in the office of superintendent of the Gov-
ernment printing. In order to reduce the printing
to a system which can be regulated by law, the
bill requires the departmental and bureau printing,
as well as the printing of Congress, to pass through
the hands of the superintendent, and that he shall
register it both as it goes to and returns from the
public printer, to the end lhat a complete exhibit,
intelligible to the countiy, may be made of the
amount annually drawn from the public Treasury
on account of public printing. At present this
class of expenditure is clothed under the title of
" contingent expenses," both by Congress and
the Departments, and there is great difficulty in
understanding the subject. We want a plain tab-
leau of the expense, made out, item by item, like
a merchant's account, that the country may look
upon it embodied in a single report. Economy
may then be practiced when popular observation
can be fixed upon the annual result, and when
the Representatives of the people can see at one
view how much is to be estimated annually for
public printing. I do not know, you do not, and I
doubt much whether one among us can say how
much is spent for printing by this Government
from year to year. We know that the sum paid
for Congressional printing has swollen to hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars; but I have not the
glimmering of an idea as to how much the print-
ing of the Executive Departments costs the Gov-
ernment. So far as I can see, it is dispensed by
the heads of Departments and chiefs of Bureaus,
without responsibility for waste, withoutaccount-
abiiity for extravagance, and at their own will.
By the plan proposed, instead of being covered up
under the heading of contingent or incidental ex-
penditures, we shall have a business record, and
a chance to fix proper responsibility upon what-
ever branch of Government may perpetrate abuse.
The superintendent is to execute bond for the
faithful performance of his duty in the sum of
$20,000, with sureties to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and should he violate his
duty he may be prosecuted on his bond. But if
he becomes interested in any contract relating to
the furnishing of paper or relating to the printing,
he may be fined, at the discretion of a jury, to the
amount of $10,000, and may be imprisoned in the
penitentiary for five years, besides forfeiting his
place. Unless he should be capitally executed,
no sterner penalty for a breach of duty could have
been devised. The committee have provided by
this bill, that the paper on which all public print-
ing shall be executed is to be purchased by Govern-
mtnty under contractand by a sample. Experience
has demonstrated that heavy speculations may be
made in the article of paper, on which the public
printing is executed. A public printer may en-
gage to furnish paper of a specified quality, weight,
and texture, but if the paper which he does pro-
vide falls a little short in size or weight, the de-
crease in price becomes a profit to the printer, ille-
gitimately procured at the expense of the Govern-
ment. These items, running through a heavy
paper account, swell to thousands of dollars; ana
are so much abstracted impioperly from the
Treasury by an unfaithful public servant. This
bill completely guards against such an abuse in
future, by directing the superintendent to advertise
for the annual supply of the paper, and to accept
the bid with a sample, which shall be preserved.
By that sample all the paper received under the
contract must be compared, and to it must conform.
Now, the examination of paper is made after the
printing is executed upon it—then it will be ex-
amined by a disinterested person, and may be re-
turned if it is not of proper quality, or shall fail
to come up to the proper standard. The bids for
the paper contract will be opened by the superin-
tendent in the presence of the President of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House, and the
contract shall beawarded, under their supervision,
to the lowest bidder, whose sample shall most
nearly conform to the specifications in the adver-
tisement for proposals. But, it will be remarked
that the provisions of the bill are so guarded
that the officer who issues the advertisement at
the close of each Congress, will not be the officer
who awards the contract; for the superintendent
will go out of office at the commencement of Con-
gress, and his successor will open the proposals
after the election of a Speaker to the House. The
public printer will receive paper upon his written
requisitions on the superintendent. These will be
filed away as vouchers against him, and he will be
charged therewith. When the printed matter is
returned, he will be credited by the amount of
paper redelivered; so that the debits and credits on
paper account of the public printer, as kept by the
superintendent, will show, at a glance, the amount
used in the public service, and the balance in the
hands of the printer. We have been assiduous
to provide all the guards and checks our own re-
flections suggested, and the experience of others
acquainted with the subject, deemed necessary to
the public interest.
Now let me turn to the rates of prices estab-
lished by the bill. Under the resolution of J846
the printing was divided into five classes, with the
intent that these might be assigned, possibly, to va-
rious persons. When one person or firm shall be
the printer for the House, and another for the Sen-
ate, as they will have the whole business to trans-
act, there will be no longer any necessity for a
division into classes. The bill, therefore, has
abolished the classification of the public printing.
The main point to which our attention was di-
rected was the ascertainment of fair rates of com-
pensation. The committee was not composed of
practical printers, though several members had
been editors; so we summoned to our assistance
the best practical printers of all parties in the city.
We invited Mr. Rives, of the Globe office, Mr.
Gideon, of the Republic office, Mr. Towers, the
foreman of the National Intelligencer, the foreman
of the Union office, and the foreman of the South-
ern Press to come before the committee, in a con-
sultation with the Joiat Committee on Printing.
Various rates and plans were presented, and the
selection presented by the bill is the result finally
determined upon. Since the determination of
these rates, I have compared them with the prices
of 1819. I find, that for " comnosition"ourrates
are nearly as high as the rates of 1819; but this is
only a small item in the expense of the public
printing, and the price cannot be objectionable. I
know no good reason why a journeyman printer
should not receive as sound wages in 1852 as he
did in ]819 for setting type. The price of com-
position, I suppose, will fall to fifteen or twenty
per cent, below the prices of 1S19. Under the
laws heretofore, the printer included paper in the
estimates of prices. This bill excludes it. Press-
work, folding, and stitching are embraced to-
gether, and, as compared with the law of 1819, I
think these rates will fall more than fifty per cent.
But it is the most difficult task in the world to
assign fair rates. I frankly say to you, the more
I have studied this subject, the less I believe I
have known about it. Printing may well be called
a mystery > for when the printers talk of ems and
quods, rule and figure work, small pica, &c., and
tell me the modes of counting, I behold the mys-
tery; and 1 become perfectly conscious, that in
the attempt to establish rates and prices, we are
most liable to err—indeed, that we are wholly in
their power. The jointers are as bad as a set of
doctors. It is almost impossible to get them to
agree as to what is fair; and when they do an-
nounce it, before you have gone two squares they
meet you and make you believe, in one way or
the other, that the rate fixed is all wrong. 'The
rates we have reported, however, come nearest to
what seems to be fair, as far as we can get at it,
from the printers. Our object has been to afford
fair, liberal, remunerative pay, and no more.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I desire
to ask the gentleman from Kentucky how this
scale of prices compares with the scale which the
Committee on Printing reported a few weeks since,
at the time they proposed to give the printing to
Gideon & Co. and Donelson & Armstrong? I
have some idea of that scale, and I want to com-
pare this one with it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, my impression is,
that the prices allowed are about as high as those.
Some of them are higher , but the deductions which
are made from the printing of long numbers bring
the aggregate somewhat lower.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood on that oc-
casion, from conversations with Mr. Rives and
others, that the rates allowed then were at least
twenty per cent, higher than Towers's bid—I
mean that which Towers, at the beginning of the
session, offered to do the public printing for. I
wish to know how much these rates are above the
standard that a practical printer is willing to do the
work for.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will observe, in reply
to the gentleman, that Mr. Towers was with us
fixing these rates. The statement we derived
from Mr. Towers at first, was a statement of what
he thought fair. Subsequently, he informed me
that his statement was based upon an improper
calculation, and that he thought his statement was
wrong. But he looked over this bill yesterday,
and stated to me that it was all right, except that
he thought we deducted too much upon the long
numbers, and on the press-work he thought we
had allowed seven cents too much per page.
Rives thought the press-work not quite high
enough, and the deduction far too small.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say that I
had a conversation with Mr. Towers in relation
to this point, after the discussion on the report of
the committee, and Towers told me that the re-
port of the committee was from twenty to twenty-
five per cent, higher than the bid which he put in
at the beginning of thesession. I asked him if he
was willing to do the work at his bid? and he said
that he was willing to do it, and that he had of-
fered the committee bonds to any amount that
they might require, to do the work according to
his bid. I then asked how it was he had subse-
quently given the committee the rates which they
report? Well, he said he had put them at what
he thought fair and reasonable rates on which the
printer could make a profit, but that he himself
was willing to take the work at the rate he for-
merly bid, which was at least twenty per cent,
lower than this. I am now informed by a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Haven,]
that the rate reported m the bill of the gentleman
from Kentucky, is higher than that which they
agreed to pay to Gideon & Co. and Donelson &
Armstrong. In relation to the rate of 1819, which
has been referred to as perhaps within twenty per
cent, of this, I have been informed by a printer
that the rate of 1819 is from two or three hun-
dred per cent, higher than the work can be done
for now.
Mr. HAMILTON. All those original bids in-
cluded the purchase of the paper.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that.
Mr. HAMILTON. And that last bid was
upon the supposition that the paper would cost
$7 50 per ream.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The value of the paper
makes no difference with reference to the compo-
sition and other points. I want to understand
these prices. I am willing to give what is liberal
and fair, but not an extravagant price.
