1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
anything about it. I do not know that this will
not be done; but I will wait until I see a majority
of the two Houses of Congress in favor of this
proposition, before I shall be prepared to believe it.
Sir, I maintain that it would be in the highest
degree indiscreet for Congress to commit itself in
the dark to the printing of such an important doc-
ument as this without knowing what it is to be.
"We ought to have the document first, and ought
to refer it to the appropriate committee to give it
a thorough examination. I do not know what
they are making up in the Department of the Inte-
rior. I have a very great regard for the honorable
head of that Department, and great confidence in
his rectitude and patriotism; but I may not have
the same confidence in all heads of bureaus. It is
very possible that these returns may be made up
in a way, and may he in a form which would not
meet with the approbation of the two Houses of
Congress; and what is more than that, they may
be erroneous. That is not by any means an un-
exampled circumstance in the history of the coun-
try. In the case of the Census of 1840, after the
returns came in, it was discovered that there was
probably a very serious error in the taking of the
census in an adjoining county to this District—the
county of Montgomery, in the State of Mary land—
and Congress passed a law authorizing the census
of that county to be taken over again. It was
taken over again, and an error of several hundred—
I do not now recollect how large the number was,
but I know that an error of several hundred was
discovered on retaking the census of the county of
Montgomery, in Maryland.
I maintain, then, that a document of so much
importance as this, and so deeply affecting the
interest and honor of the country, ought to come
into the hands of the two houses of Congress, and
undergo a careful examination, before we commit
ourselves in regard to printing it; whereas this is a
proposition to hand this entire document over to the
head of the Census bureau. I do not know how
competent he may be^ I believe he is a very
worthy young man of some twenty-five or thirty
years of age. For aught I know he is doing his
duty very well; but I am not prepared to say that he
shall settle this question of the census printing
finally and forever. I am not prepared to say that
even the very able and excellent Secretary of the
Interior shall do so. We ought to have it before
us. We ought to scrutinize it. We ought to see
whether it is correct or not; whether it is made
out m proper form, and whether it is made out
in conformity to the law, before we commit our-
selves to this printing. Why this hot haste?
Cannot my honorable friend from Indiana wait for
six months? For within that period, I venture to
say these returns will be completed. _ Cannot he
wait till the close of the present session of Con-
gress? For a bill can be passed at any time for
printing these returns. Or, if these returns should
not be completed during the present session of
Congress, cannot the Senator from Indiana wait
till the opening of the next session of Congress?
I most strenuously resist this extraordinary man-
ner of doing busitiess. When an important docu-
ment is to be made out—a document that is to go
down to posterity—a document that is to contain
facts and statements, to say nothing about popu-
lation, in regard to our great industrial and agn-
cultural interest, which I trust and hope, and am
inclined to believe, will be made out correctly, i
insist that it would be in the highest degree rash,
not to say presumptuous, for us, without knowing
what it is, to commence the printing of some por-
tion of it; and what portion, in the name of Heaven,
the beginning, middle, or end, no human being
^Buf'sir, I have another point to make; and that
is that this resolution, if passed, would, m my
opinion be an encroachment on the functions and
duties of the Executive, and would, m fact be a
usurpation of Executive power. It is, no doubt,
competent for Congress to order the printing to le
done, and to fix the number of copies. We may,
contract?' Who is to determine whether Donelson
& Armstrong have or have not conformed to the
terms of the contract? To whom is the work to
be delivered ? Who is to pay for it? WiH my
honorable friend tell me whether it is to be paid for
out of the contingent fund or not? Is it printing
for the Senate? Is it printing for the House of
Representatives ? Or is it printing to enable us to
perform our legislative duties? My honorable
friend, for reasons that will be directly apparent,
will hardly contend that this is Congressional print-
ing. I ask, then, who is to attend to the execution
of the contract, and from what fund is it to be paid ?
I There is no doubt that Congress can provide for
j such printing as is necessary for the performance
1 of the duties of both Houses, or either House.
| But is this Congressional printing? My honora-
| ble friend said, the other day, that it was not; and
therefore we are not obliged to give it to A. Boyd
; Hamilton. I must acknowledge, Mr. President,
I that on very mature consideration, I have come to
i the conclusion that it is not Congressional print-
ing, and not within the contract of A. Boyd Ham-
ilton. It is not printing for either of the two
Houses of Congress; it is not printing to enable
us to discharge our legislative duties; but it is
printing for the Government and for the country.
I admit that either of the two Houses of Congress
has a right, by a committee or otherwise, to make
a contract for such printing as may be essential to
enable them to discharge their respective legislative
duties. But can Congress, through one of the
committees of either House, arrogate to itself the
power of making contracts for'other printing than
i such as is required to enable it to discluuge its j
| legislative functions? Will my honorable friend
j from Indiana [Mr. Bright] contend that we should
: take into our own hands the business of making
| contracts for the printing that is requiied for the
I various departments of this Government? Has
, Congress the right or power to embark in the busi-
j ness'of making contracts generally? If, through
I the agency of the Committee on Printing, we can
! make a contract for printing that does not appertain
j to our legislative duties, I desire to inquire of my
i honorable friend whether, through the agency of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
we can make a contract for the transportation of
! the mail? Why not raise a joint committee, on
i the principle of this resolution, and make a con-
tract for the transportation of the mail? Why not
1 raise a joint committee on Naval Affairs, and make
! a contract for the construction of a frigate or ship i
of the line? Why not arrogate to ourselves all the
executive duties and powers of this Government >
Mr. President, you know very well that the pub-
, lie printer—that is, the printer employed by the
two Houses of Congress—is considered an officer
of the two Houses. He is an officer of the Senate,
and an officer of the House of Representatives.
And why? Because he is employed in doing cer-
tain work for us that is necessary to enable us to
discharge our duties. Now, if we adopt this reso-
Uutioii, will Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong be
Officers of the two Houses of Congress? Appointed
for what? Not to print for the Senate or the
House, but to print for the Government and for
the people of this country.
My honorable friend from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] when he was on the floor the other
day, objected most strenuously to the devolving
of this'duty of contracting upon the Committee
on Printing, insisting that it should be given
to the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, because, as
! he truly said, the resolution called upon that com-
' mittee to disharge executive duties. All ! ex-
ecutive duties ! Then why are we providing for
the discharge of executive duties by a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses of Congress ? We have
a Joint Committee on the Library; and as a library
is an important establishment to enable us prop-
erly to perform our legislative duties, we charge it
with the duty of purchasing a library for us. But
, shall we charge it with the duty of purchasing a
! library for the Attorney General, for (lie Secretary
perhaps, sayt^at Pa[o''thp^lest'^^dder! !i of l&rVasu7y~for the Department of the Interior,
work, or that! sha be et to in , and H or for the Post Office Department' I maintain,
to'n4?b^ S,
!• ^tdi^^ged,if?rope.y disehaiged,^y the
And can they, by the agency of one of their com
I now come to the last objection which I shall
urge to the passage of this resolution. It has been
the policy of Congress, for some years past, to
open the public printing to competition, and thus
prevent its being conferred on the political presses
m this city as a matter of favoritism; and the
question for the consideration of this honorable
body now is, whether the connection which for-
merly existed shall be renewed. The proposition
submitted by my honorable friend from Indiana is
precisely this, that we shall confer the printing of
the census returns upon one of the political presses
in this city. Here I desire to call the atteiftion of
the Senate to the first introduction of our policy—
and 1 believe a highly salutary policy—on this
subject into the legislation of the country. It will
be found in a provision introduced into the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, which passed
the two Houses of Congress, and was approved
May 18, 1842; published in the tenth volume of
the Acts of Congress, page 189. It is as follows;
" For incidental and contingent expenses of the Depart-
ment of State, including the publication and distribution of
the Jaws, $25,000: ProvUci, That the job printing, station-
ery, and binding of each of the Executive Departments
shall, until othci'vvise diieeted by law, be furnished by con-
tract, proposals of which shall regularly he advertised in
the public prints, and the character and description of
printing specified in eacli adveitisement, as far as that can
be done, it being made a condition in all cases, unless other-
wise specified in the advertisement, that the work shall be
done in th« citv of Washington, and the contiact shall in
each case be given to the lowest bidder, whose hid shall be
accompanied with the proper testimonials of the ability ot
the bidder to fulfill his contiact."
Here, for the first time, was introduced into the
legislation of the country the provision that all
the departmental printing should be advertised
and put out to the lowest bidder, and that remains
the law of the land to the present hour. But
Congress continued, notwithstanding the passage
of that law, to confer the printing for the two
Houses of Congress upon the political press m
this city, and 111 this respect I admit that there
has been no difference between the two parties.
The Twenty seventh Congress passed the law of
1842, to which I have referred. Then came the
Twenty-eighth Congress. The Senate was one
way, and the House of Representatives the other.
The printing of the Senate was conferred upon
the publishers of a political press in this city, en-
tertaining views in accordance with the majority
of the Senate; and the House made a disposition
of their printing in accordance with their views.
This state of things continued until thefirst session
of the Twenty-ninth Congress, when, the two
Houses having become convinced that the busi-
ness of conferring the public printing upon con-
siderations of political favoritism was unsound
and injurious to the public, passed the joint reso-
lution of the 3d of August, 1846, requiring the
printing of Congress to be let out to the lowest
My friend from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] and
other Gentlemen, who advocfite the resolution un-
der consideration, are obliged to take the ground
that this printing* does not come within the^ joint
resolution of 1846, or in other words, that it is not
Congressional printing. Under what, then, does
it come ? It comes within the provision of the
law of 1842. It is departmental printing, which
is already "provided for. You have nothing to do
with it unless to order the number of copies to be
printed. You may say how it is to be printed and
of what quality the paper shall be. But the very
moment that you order the number of copies, fix
the style of the work, and the quailty of paper,
and determine what the work shall be, then comes
in the law of 1842 and imposes it upon the Sec.e-
uiv of the Interior to let it out to the lowest bid-
"Why, then, does my honorable mend pro-
pose to interfere with this law? Why has he
introduced this resolution'' He says it is not
Congressional printing. Why not let the law-
operate? Ah! hut "the Union'' office wants a
little patronage. Is that a public reason, upon
which the Senate are to act? Are we about to
upset this law of 3842, take this job out of the
scope of the operation of that law, mid h;«ml it
mittees, drow'it up and put ft in form? .If we can
do so, who is to attend to the execution of the
must r , j _• .
executive department of the Government, and can
i not be discharged by a committee of the two
1 Houses of Congress.
over to whom—and by whom' Hy a highly-
respectable committee I admit, hut one organized
upon political considerations. We i.re to turn it
o\er to a political organ. And this is to be done
by the Senate of the United States I retty ele-
vated legislation it is to be sure. Ve hat e our
law that departmental printing shall go to the
