248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
lowest bidder; and this is not Congressional print-
ing says my honorable friend. Besides the docu-
ment is not here, and we do not know what is
done, whether the beginning-, middle, or end. I
presume we are to capture a part of it. My friend
from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,]—for whom I
have great respect, and who we know has had
some experience in the military service of the
country, and very creditable experience too—is to
march at the head of the Committee on Printing
and invade the Census Bureau, capture something,
and hand it over to the proprietors of the Union
printing office. I do not know but that it will be
done; out I shall wait a good while before I be-
lieve it.
But, says my honorable friend from Indiana,
the contract system is an utter failure, and it ought
to be blown up sky-high. I join issue with my
friend on that subject. I will admit that the con-
tract system for the two Houses of Congress has
proved, to some extent, a failure; but I utterly
deny that the contract system for the departmental'
prit^ing has failed at all. On the contrary, 1 can
demonstrate that it has succeeded, and has pro-
moted the public interest in a very high degree. I
know, Mr. President, that the contract system for
the departmental printing is exceedingly distaste-
ful to some portions of the political press in this
city. The Democratic and some portions of the
Whig press do not like it.
Mr. HALE. How is it with the Free-Soil
portion?
Mr. SMITH. I do not know how it is with
the Free-Soilers). I cannot say, as I am not in very
intimate communication with them. I will leave
that to my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire, who is entirely competent to represent that
portion of the publishing interest in tins city.
But I defy gentlemen to show an instance where
there has been any failure. My honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who, I am sorry to
see, is not in his seat, indicted the contract sys-
tem for the departmental printing on the ground
that the li Blue Book" had not been furnished us.
He said that the law required that it should he
laid on oin- tables; he did not say when, exactly,
but he was foi blowing up the whole concern be-
cause we had not the ''Blue Book." It is a
pretty large concern, [exhibiting a copy,] and is
growing rnpidly. I luitfe sometimes thought that
I would take (he " BlueBook" of the present day,
and that which was published when I came into
Congress, and take the difference between the two
in pounds avoiidupois. I think the difference may
be calculated m pounds; at all events, 1 know that
it is very large, and it is an indication of what
strides our Government is taking in extravagance,
not to >ay in downright corruption. But my
friend from Michigan wants to blow up this sys-
tem of departmental printing bv contract because
lui has not tin* Blue Book. If it had so turned
out tls.it the Blue Book had not been published
just when it was ordeu-d to be published, -viz: the
first Monday ni January, taking into view our
monitions labors dm ma the six weeks of the ses-
sion—you know, Mr. President, what they have
been, the manner in which we have devoted our-
sehesto othei subjects, and the profound anxiety
und.-r which we have labored fur* the promotion
of the public interest, particularly under, the head
of setting o\er again that matter of the compro-
mi.-a—one would suppose that the Senator from
ought not to make such grave com-
plaints, if the delivery of the book had happened
to be some two or three days behind the time.
But, sir, 1 have taken the liberty to inquire into
this matter, and I have here a memorandum of
the delh erv of this most interesting concern called
the Blue Book, which is contacted out to the
lowest bidder. It is a pretty good book; the pa-
per, the type, the binding, arc all good. If J get
the census returns printed as well, I shall be con-
tent. The law says that it shall be laid on our
tables on the first Monday in January; and I be-
lieve that was the very day on which the Senator
from Michigan made his speech by way of assault
on this departmental public printing. ]\'ow j
find that one hundred and seventy-jive copies were
delivered on the 29th of December, one hundred
and ^twenty on the 31st, and two hundred and five
on January 3, which was Saturday; and the law
saiu they should be here on our tables on the
Monday following. That is the case which was
brought forward by my friend from Michigan, to
prove that we ought to blow up the system of let-
ting out the departmental printing to the lowest
bidder; and my friend from Indiana was obliged
to take the ground that the printing of the census
returns was departmental printing, to get it out
of the hands of A. Boyd Hamilton, the printer of
the two Houses of Congress.
I have already stated that the proprietors of the
political and of the job presses of this city are
very willing to get rid of the contract system, and
that they would like to have the public printing
given out as a matter of favoritism; but I deny
that it has proved a failure. On the contrary, I
believe it has saved a very large sum of money to
the public Treasury. I have here another docu-
ment printed under the system- for departmental
printing. It is a history of the condition and
prospects of the Indian tribes, by R. H. School-
craft, LL. D., illustrated by S. Eastman, United
States Army. A more beautiful specimen of ty-
pography, of paper, and of execution I never
saw. I am ready to take up this census matter
and deal with it liberally and fairly, and I would
propose the printing of it in a style of magnifi-
cence corresponding substantially with this work.
There has been, then, no failure of the contract
system in its application to departmental printing.
But I admit that there has been some failure in it
as it regards the Congressional printing; and I
shall explain to the Senate how it is.
But before I go any further I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the amendment which I
have offered, and I will explain to the Senate its
precise character. Ikproposes to separate the com-
position and press work from the supplying of the
paper, and both from the binding, and to make a
separate and distinct contract for each, and all to
be done under the provisions of the law of May
18, 1849. Perhaps by way of amendment to the
resolution it would not be strictly necessary for
me to propose anything more than a specification
of the number of copies, with a provision that the
work should be executed under the supervision
and direction of the Secretary of the Interior. It
would then become departmental printing, and
would necessaiily be executed under the law of
May 18, 1842. But if I were simply to propose
an amendment of that character, it would leave
the composition and press work to be paid for in
connection with the supplying of the paper; for
the party to do the composition and press work
would supply the paper for the work. But for
reasons which I shall indicate directly, I think it
is highly important that the composition and press
work should be separated from the supplying of
the paper, and that both should be separated from
the binding. My amendment, therefore, contem-
plates.on the one hand, the adoption substantially
of the principle of the law of May 18, 1842. But
some modiiicftion of that law is deemed neces-
sary^so tlint the composition and press work shall
be sipaiated from the supply of paper, and more-
over, that the party who enters into this contract
shall give due security for the performance of the
contiact, the law of 1842 containing no provisional'
of that character. Having thus explained briefly
the character of my amendment; having shown
die Senate that this is departmental printing, and
having proposed that it shall be brought within
the scope of the provisions of the law to which I
have alluded, I now proceed to the consideration,
as briefly as I can, of the subject of Congressional
printing, for the two are necessarily connected to
some extent with each other.
I have already insisted, and, I trust, have shown,
that there has been no failure of this system under
the head of departmental printing-; but I have also
said that there is a failure, and a very serious fail-
ure, in its application to Concessional printing.
And why has that been so? The joint resolution
directing the printing for the two Houses of Con-
gress to be let out to the lowest bidder, was
adopted at the first session of the Twenty-ninrh
Congress. At the second session of that Con-
gress a contract was made, in conformity with the
provisions of that law, with Wendell & Van Ben-
thuysen, to execute the largest portion of the
work. A small portion of it was assigned to an-
other firm of the name of Tipten & Streeper; but
much the largest poition of it—nearly the whole,
in fact—was assigned to "Wendell & Van 13en-
thuysen. I admit that they utterly failed in the
performance of their contract. They failed in the
typography. According to the stipulations, they
were to be paid so much for every thousand cms.
The type and the size of the page were specified,
but I have understood, and suppose the fact was
so, that they got fonts of type cast to spread the
letters out, so as to get many more ems than would
be had if the type was put in the usual form.
That was undoubtedly a violation of the contract.
It was also violated in the quality of the paper.
There was an utter failure to conform to the terms
of the contract in that respect, and there was a
more injurious failure, so far as the public busi-
ness was concerned, in not furnishing the printed
matter within such a period of time as was indis-
pensably necessary to render the documents val-
uable to Congress for the transaction of the public
business.
Coming down to the last Congress, we find that
the contractors were William M. Belt, who took
the second, fourth, and fifth classes; John H.
Trenholm, who took the third class; and John T.
Towers, who took the first class, which was the
printing of bills and resolutions. In regard to Mr.
Towers, it ought to be stated that, so far as I
know and believe, there was a most perfect perform-
ance of the contract on his part. I think the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing will agree with
me in regard to that. But so farasregardsTrenholm
and Beit, there was a failure not less gross and
aggravated than that during the preceding Con-
gress. I do not know that they had type of a pe-
culiar character cast to help out the line and spread
the matter over as much surface as possible. I
suppose they had not. But, nevertheless, there
was an utter failure in the quality of the paper and
in the binding, as the chairman of the committee
very well knows. Trenholm and Belt were con-
tractors for the binding I believe; and I understand
that they farmed it out and made considerable
profit upon it, to the amount of several thousand
dollars. There was the same failure with regard
to the promptitude of the execution of the work,
which was necessarily indispensable to the public
interest. Every word which the chairman of the
committee stated on that subject was true. I shall
ever bear testimony to the rectitude and fidelity
with which he and the other member of the com-
mittee [Mr. Hamlin] discharged duties, in regard
to it, which were very painful.
But I will add something which the chairman
forgot to state, and that is, that after the docu-
ments had accumulated in our document room,
and after he and the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] had decided that they would not receive
them—and 1 believe that I concurred with them,
too—at my suggestion the other members of the
committee saw fit to appoint me a sub-committee
to look into the matter; and I believe they gave
me instructions not to rcccive the documents; or
rather, I was appointed to receive them if they
conformed to the contract. I went into the docu-
ment room and looked at them. 1 knew that
the contract, if performed according to its spirit
and letter, would involve the contractor in an
enormous loss. And I confess that 1 had in my
proceedings under that head some reference to
the condition of the surety of the contract. I re- '
fer to Mr. Ritchie. I felt for him a sentiment of
commiseration. I thought he had a ruinous con-
tract. Members wanted the documents; and I
took the responsibility of deciding that they should
come in. I thought they were worth all that we
had agreed to pay for them, although they did not
accord with the contract. They were received;
but I did not suppose _ that the two Houses of
Congress would entertain the purpose of passing
a bill to make up any loss that he would sustain
under that contract which was violated so gross-
ly; and least of all did I believe that they would
pass a bill, as the House of Representatives did,
and as I was afraid the Senate might possibly do,
which would give him the enormous fortune, ac-
cording to the statement of the Senator from Ar-
kansas, of $200,000 under this broken contract. I
never had the slightest idea that they would give
him a fortune of $100,000; least of all did I believe
that it would go up to such a figure as that
named by the Senator from Arkansas.
In this way I admit that this method of dispos-
ing of the public printing to the lowest bidderunder
the joint resolution of 1846 has proved a failure.
But the system of disposing of the departmental
printing—and this is printing of that character—in
that way, has not failed. But why ha3 the con-
tract system with regard to the printing of the two
