1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
will be necessary to insure accuracy, in the public
printing, to have aele.anproof-reader, as he is called,
and to°have the proofs read properly, and cor-
rectly. No other will answer the purpose. As I
said, a page of small pica, for which one dollar is
provided for composition, contains about one thou-
sand six hundred ems. Fifty per cent, additional
is paid for rule work. For brevier, plain, §1 50
is to be paid, a paste of which contains two thou-
sand eight hundred ems; and the price is increased
proportionately for rule work.
To better explain, I submit so much of the bill
as relates to the payment for composition of the
peculiar type to which I have referred, with the
number of " ems" opposite it, and also prices for
other composition, which I will read:
'•'For rcpoits of committers and the Journals of both
Houses, with indexes, arid the Executive documents of each
Houmjj embracing mcs^n^e* fioiti the President, reports
fiom the Executive, departments, buuMiis, and offices, and
documents and statements communicated therewith, with
indexes ; resolutions and other documents from State Legis-
latures; memorials, petitions, treaties, and confidential
documents tor the Senate; lor composition per page, oc-
tavo—
Foi -'mill pica plain, one dollar 1,600 cms.
For small pica i ule, one dollar and fifty cents... 1,GOO "
Foi brevier plain, one dollar and fifty cents.... 2,8n0 "
for brevier mle, two dollars 2.80!) "
" For nonpareil lule three dollais and seventy-five cents.
"For the composition of tables larger than octavo size,
per one thousand ems. seventy cents ; but the page of oc-
tavo size shall contain not less than one thousand six bun-
dled ems when punted in small pica; and the body of all
plain matter shall be so printed, except extracts, jeas and
nays, and addenda, which shall be printed with bicviei
type. AH rule and figure work shall be printed in loyal
octavo form, with small pica, each page containing not less
than one thousand wx hundied ems, it the matter to be
punted can be brought into pages of that size with that kind
of tvpe, so as to be read with facility and convenience. If
it cannot, it shall be printed with brevier type, each page
containing not le s than two thousand eight hundred ems;
and if it cannot be biought into a myal octavo page with
bievu'i type, so as to be understood with facihtv, it shall be
pumed with nonpareil type, each page containms not less
than four thousand two hundred cms ; and when it cannot
be brought into i\ royal octavo page with nonpareil tvpe, so
as to be read with facility, it shall be printed with bievier
tvpe in a broadside, showing the whole table at one Mew,
and be bo folded that it can be bound m a loyal octavo vol-
ume.
u When matter is leaded, the composition shall be counted
a> if the mattei weie printed solid, and not leaded."
This contains, I believe, so far as payment for
composition is provided for, all that is of interest
at this time.
The prices thus provided for in this bill to be
paid to the printer who may be clectcd by this
House, if the bill becomes a law, are, in my esti-
mation, only equitable and fair, and are not, as
far as 1 can judge, extravagant.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
House to the necessity of a change or an alteration
of considerable importance, which ought to be
made. The bill provides that when the number
of copies to be printed exceeds a certain amount,
a reduction in the price shall be made; when the
number ordered exceeds 5,000 and does not ex-
ceed 10,000, a reduction of two per cent, is to be j
made. Now, sir, I think that 10,000 copies of ;
any document is no more than a printer ought to |
be paid for. That is the number ordinarily or- !
dered to be printed, I believe. It is the usual 1
edition, and I would not, between five and ten ]
thousand, reduce the two per centum which the j
bill, as reported, now requires. But when the
number exceeds 20,000, the reduction to be made, (
provided for in this bill, is twenty per centum. ,
That, in my estimation, is entirely too small an j
amount. In the first place, there would be a very |
strong inducement to obtain the printing of a large 1
number of documents; for, when as many as one j
or two hundred thousand were ordered, if a reduc- ;
tion of only twenty per cent, was made, the printer
would make a very large sum of money. Indeed,
sir, he would realize by the printing of one docu-
ment, a handsome fortune. ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
liot take up any more of my time than is neces-
sary.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I had forgotten that I was occupying his
time. 1 will say but one word more. I hope
this alteration will be made, and when it is made,
I think it will be an equitable and fair bill, as far
as prices are concerned, at least such is my con-
viction, from the hasty examination I have been
able to give it since it has been upon my desk._ I
desire that the bill should be amended by striking
out the word " twenty" and inserting " forty."
Then, Mr. Speaker, I think another very im-
portant feature has been omitted, and that is, the
present contractor has not been properly cared for
m this bill.
I have in my hand an amendment, which, if in
order, I would present, or oiler it as an additional
section to the bill, providing for the settlement of
the accounts of A. Boyd Hamilton. It is as fol-
lows:
That upon the surrendur of tile existing contract for
executing the public punting, by the piesent contractor, his
accounts foi work ahculydone, and that necessary to be
done befoie a pnntei is choson under this act, shall be paid
for at the nitca piovuled in this act.
It is no more than justice to the public printer
that such provision should be lrmde for his relief.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania indulge me in a sin-
gle remark? I wish to say that the select com-
mittee determined to have nothing to do with any
public contractor, and there is a clause in this bill
which embiaces exactly this whole subject, it
provides " that nothing herein contained shall be
' construed to authorize the cancelment of any
' contract now or heretofore entered into with any
' printer under the laws heretofore in force or to
' abrogate his rights in any way, without his con-
' sent."
That is caring for the public contractor, as I un-
derstand it. We have left hunalone.
Mr. E'LORENCE. He has been let alone. If
he had been let alone before, I apprehend we would
have had less difficulty upon this subject of the
public printer. But because he was not let alone,
because, before he fairly commenced his work, lie
was assailed, and suspicion atlached itself to him
from common rumor, that lie could not execute
the printing, that I ask that provision may now
be made for him, and when the proper time ar-
rives—for it is not the proper time now—as I am
occupying the time of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Oi.ingman;] 1 will offer what i
deem to be a proper proviso in the matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will yield the floor a few
moments to the gentleman before me, [M r. Chand-
ler,] who, I know, has had experience upon this
matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. Having been called upon,
in the absence of the chairman of the Special
Committee on Printing, to look carefully into the
business, I will say that 1 consider there are three
ways m which the House can accomplish its
printing, and 1 presume that whatever improve-
ment could be made upon the plan, at present we
consider that the mode now adopted is exploded,
and that we must abandon it. 1 have considered,
with great care, the plan of providing a public
printing office, and, though 1 believe that will be
found, hereafter, the best, yet I believe now we
are not the best prepared for it. The plan here
proposed is that which I believe remains to us
alone for adoption; and the details, as presented
by the chairman of the committee in the bill be-
fore us, have been prepared with much care, and
after consultation with practical men.
Reference has been made to the bill presented
by the chairman of the Joint Committee on Print-
ing of the two Houses. We paid very little at-
tention to that in our inquiries, perhaps because
that gentleman, with a candor which distinguishes
him on this floor, avowed himself friendly to a
particular person. Though willing, 1 know,todo
justice to all, ho did, indeed, profess a kind regard
to Mr. Gideon, and a due respect for the right
of Mr. Hamilton, (the public printer;) but he
| avowed, nevertheless, a stronger attachment to
; Major Donelson, then of the Union newspaper,
: as if he would have realized the remark—" .lini-
i cus Socrates, amicus Plato, sed amicus Major
j Veritas;" that is to say, he was a friend to Gideon,
! he was a friend to Hamilton, but he was a greater
! friend to the Major. I make the translation solely
1 for the benefit of the reporters; of course, the
House does not need it.
I call the attention of the House to what I said
! before upon this matter, that is, that in taking the
j difference between the two prices of composition,
| care must be taken to estimate the value of the
1 paper, and I now lepeat what I before said, to
: illustrate; If we are to give any person #100 for
printing, and reserve from that $50 for our paper,
it then remains for its to say what thatpaper shall
be. But if we allow them the §100, and author-
ize them to procure the paper, we shall be con-
stantly annoyed with complaints, whether just or
unjust, of the want of conformity in the paper
used to the sample upon which the contract was
made. There may, Mr. Speaker, be injustice in
members of Congress as well as contractors—and
that legislation must be regarded as best which,
while it allows to the contractor a generous profit
upon his labor and outlay,secures to the Govern-
ment a fulfillment of its wishes without violence
to the feelings, or injury to the purse of either
party. Not only is tiiis right to purchase the pa-
per reserved to this House, but there is a provision
m this bill—and I call the particular attention of
this House to it—for the appointment of a super-
intendent of the public printing, and authorizing
that superintendent to contrnet for the paper, and
without his action not one dollar's worth of paper
is ever to be purchased by this body.
No large book establishment in the country, I
understand, pretends to carry on printing, without
having a foreman or superintendent, especially
devoted to that part of the work.
It is not necessary that I should eo into a detailed
plan of the prices here. They have been carefully
arranged under the eye of practical men. I have
only to say that the plan here proposed is as near
right as any we are likely to come to, until we have
tested it and found its weakness or error.
It is plain that the prices of the classes of print-
ing are so arranged, that if a separate printer
should be elected for each class, the compensation
would be equal-in proportion to the amount done.
The House will recollect that in the contracts
hitherto made, inconvenience and disappointment
have resulted from a want of such an equality.
1 repeat, befoie leaving the floor, fur the use of
which 1 have to thank the honorable g-entleman
from North Carolina, that the utter dislike which
Congress has recently manifested to what it calls
the contract system, compelled the select commit-
tee to regard that as inadmissible for the present,
and hence directed tlieirattention to other modes.
A careful investigation led to the belief that what-
ever may be the claims upon the attention and ap-
proval of Congress of a plan to establish a Con-
gressional or National printing office, this House
is not vet prepared for the adoption of that plan.
Five years henee it will present itself in a more
acceptable light. The plan proposed, thpn, is the
only one which seemed to commend itself to the
committee by its general utility and its accepta-
bility by Congress. The state of the Congres-
sional printing, and the feeling of the Committee
on Printing, suggest the necessity of immediate
action; and, let me say, I cannot doubt that,
should a change be made, that this Congiess will,
with its accustomed liberality, see that the con-
tractor does not suffer by the change which may
militate greatly against his private interest. I hava
no strong preference for one plan over another—
for this over any on the table. Only haying as-
sisted in procuring information upon which the
bill is founded, I am willivUg to try to remedy ex-
isting evils, and place the printing of Congress
where it will be done creditably and advanta-
geously.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not detain the House
long. 1 have risen with a view of making a mo-
tion. We have occupied a great deal of valuable
time, during the present session, with this sub-
ject. It is too late now to justify us m consuming
'much more time upon it. The public printing is
utterly neglected; the Patent Office Report, the
President's Message, and all other documents
which we ought to have received several months
ago, we havenot yet had. We have now before us
aljill reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Printing. We have a substitute, or an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Jexkik-s;] and,
ill addition to that, we have before us the bill of
the Select Committee. Now, in my opinion, we
had better pass any one of these three bills rather
than leave the matter in its present condition. My
objection, at an early period of the session, was,
that the action of the Committee on Public Print-
ing looked only to a temporary expedient, in-
stead of such a change in the law as I thought
was necessary, and that their action was, in fact,
in violation of the existing law, and wrong in
principle. Since that, they have brought in abill.
They have given us their scaleof prices. Itseems
that the scale of prices recommended by the Se-
lect Committee is not materially different from
