250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
weighing fifty pounds to the ream. My worthy
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, has obtained information which he will ex-
cuse me for mentioning: he has heard of cheat-
ing- among the manufacturers of paper. In
modern times they have discovered a mode of in-
troducing some mineral substance into paper to
make it weigh .some twenty-five per cent, more
than the proper materials wou^d weigh. I have
no idea that Donelson and Armstrong would
buy such paper. But suppose you stipulate with
them as you have stipulated with A. Boyd Ham-
ilton, that the printing shall be done on paper
weighing fifty pounds to the ream; I have no idea
that gentlemen as respectable an(J honest as I be-
lieve Donelson and Armstrong to be would,
knowingly, purchase such inferior paper: sup-
pose, however, that it was their misfortune to
have such paper, and they actually print the Cen-
sus returns upon it: suppose when you get the
Census returns you should find the weight of the
book to be made up of lead or some material im-
properly intermixed with the paper,—are you go-
ing to exact anything from these gentlemen ? Are
they to be made to stand up to their contract?
Would not the condition of the Union office then
come into view? and would it not be said, We
must not suffer our organ to be broken up? You
never can enforce such a contract made with the
proprietors of a political organ, by a political
committee, appointed by a political majority in
the two Houses of Congress—certainly to sub-
serve the public interest, not to support the organ.
I would not suggest such an idea as that, because
it would involve an imputation on the motives of
honorable Senators, in which I never indulge.
I am in favor, then, of separating the supply of
paper from the composition and press-work, in the
printing of the two Houses of Congress, for then
printers can stand face to face, and bid on the
composition and press-work, the prices of winch
are well known to everybody. The market prices
of composition and press-work are just as well
known as the price of cotton in Texas. The diffi-
culty heretofore has been that the contractors have
had a vast margin under the head of cheating in
paper. If that margin is taken away, it is all that
is wanted. If that is done 1 do not care what
you do as to composition and press-work. # I
would be very well satisfied to distribute that work
amongst the various printing establishments in the
city; and I am not certain that I would not say that I
would allow no one to compete for composition and
press-work unless he were a resident of the city of
Washington, and had his establishment here: for 1
wish to keep these adventurers out of this matter. I
feel a sincere respect and sympathy for the press
here,and am willmgmyselftodo somethingtowards
sustaining it. 1 think that, strictly, the composi-
tion and press work ought to be given to the low-
est bidder, but if you choose to distribute it among
the printing offices here, 1 will not object; or if
you choose to elect a printer to do it, still I have
no objection. But 1 do object to this old corrupt
system of enabling men by being elected printers
to Congress to make large fortunes mainly by de-
falcations m paper. It is corrupt in its tendency.
It is of evil example. It serves to disseminate m
the country the idea that a man ceyi, by undue
means, make a fortune out of the Government of
the United States. Indeed, our Government has
made progress, and I am sorry to say it, in cor-
ruption, during the past few years, which should
awaken and alarm all good citizens of the country.
When I came into Congress the received opin- j
ion among members was, that the expenditures of j
the Government should, 111 no event, exceed about |
twenty-one millions of dollars per annum; and I !
remember very well that the expenditures by j
General Jackson's and Mr. Van Buren's admin- '
istrationsj of about twenty-one millions of dollars i
per annum, during what is usually denominated |
the Harrison campaign, was held up in contrast i
with the expenditure of the administration under '
John Chuney Adams, as being perfectly enormous '
and in the highest degree corrupt. But what now |
is the state of things? These expenditures have i
been carried from twenty millions up to about ;
fifty millions of dollars; and it is a painful duty !
for me to discharge when I say, what I verily be- '
lieve, that corruption and extravagance in the :
Government _ have increased just about in the 1
same proportion as the mciease of our expendi- \
tures—more than one hundred per cent. It is '
high time that public attention should be called to
this matter.
I have already occupied more of the time of the
Senate than I intended to occupy; and lam sensi-
ble that I have given my views, such as they
are, to the Senate in a very imperfect form; but I
intended to have gone into the subject of the enor-
mous expenditures under the head of printing—
and here 1 wish to speak of one evil that flows from
giving the public printing out to political favorites
by a majority of the two Houses of Congress.
The tendency of it is, in my opinion, to enhance
the amount of expenditures enormously under one
party or another. I say that if a majority of the
two Houses of Congress arrogate to themselves
'the power of giving out the printing upon consid-
erations of political favoritism, it influences, in a
veiy considerable degree, the number of copies
that are to be printed. When you embark in the
matter of political favoritism, avowedly, or if not
avowedly, really; when you make a contract
under this feeling, is there not a strong temptation
held out to the majority to augment unduly the
quantity of matter ordered to be printed? 1 do
not say that any such-purpose is entertained here
m regard to this printing. I do not say that any
honorable member of this body would intention-
ally do any such thing; but I do say that such is
the tendency. 1 believe that this principle of po-
litical favoritism has operated heretofore in the
procuring of an undue increase of the amount
of printing ordered by the two Houses of
Congress. Perhaps honorable Senators and hon-
orable members of the House of Representa-
tives have hardly been aware of the presence of
the motive in their own minds? perhaps it would
not be so with a majority of the members; a con-
siderable number may be in favor of plinting a
large number of any particular document without
i reference to any consideration of that character;
yet a few, with a view to favor the public piinter,
a political favorite, might be induced to think that
on the whole they would favor the proposition, al-
though, otherwise, they would be opposed to it.
I have before me some statistics in regard to
the Congressional printing, which 1 obtained from
the office of the Register of the Treasury. I will
not occupy the time of the Senate by going into
: any details. I wish to gi\e some statistics, and
i then conclude this branch of my remarks. The
; aggregate amount paid for the printing of the two
I Houses during the Twenty-second Congress, the
i first Congress under General Jackson's adminis-
! tration, was $142,685 65; for the Twenty-third
! Congress, §353,429 18, being a great deaf more
i than double the cost of printing for the preceding
| Congress; for the Twenty-fomth Congress the
amount was $154,221 17; for the Twenty-fifth
Congress, $218,047 59; for the Twenty-sixth
Congress, $190,b24 59; for the Twenty-seventh
1 Congress, $293,457 38—that was a Whig Con-
[ grews, and it seems to have gone pretty deep into
| the Tieasury under the head of printing; for the
) Twenty-eighth Congress the amount paid ibr
i printing was $356,431 65; for the Twenty-nirRi
; Congiess, $259,596 75.
I That closed the old system of choosing pohti-
I cal favoutes to be printers to both Houses. Now
j we come to the new system. For the Thirtieth
] Congress, the printing cost $132,887 12. I have
| a statement here of what has been paid out of the
I Treasury for the printing of the last Congress. It
! is $125,783 3(j,* but I understand that there is a
i considerable amount of work yet to be done.
Therefore we cannot yet tell what will be the
: aggregate expenditures for the printing of the
Thirty-first Congress. Thus, since General Jack-
son came into power, the enormous sum of I
$2,277,364 40 has been expended in printing for |
the two Houses of Congress. I do not hesitate to |
say that every penny of this over half a million of
dollars was completely thrown away. We have
printed almost everything of which the human
mind could conceive, until we were converting
Congress into one vast book concern, as our hon-
ored friend, the former Senator from Missouri,
(Mr. Benton) used to express it.
Now, then, I will admit that we are brought to
a period when we ought to consider what we are
to do in regard to Congressional printing. I
have thrown out these views in a manner which I
confess is somewhat embarrassed and imperfect,
resulting in a great degree from a weakness of my
lungs at the present time, laboring, as I do, under
a co^. Yet I do think that there is in this sub-
ject matter that is entirely worthy of attention, -
and I want my Northwestern friends particularly
to consider it. We ask nothing for our State; we
are not petitioners here for the assistance of Con-
gress in any form, for improvements of our har-
bors and rivers, or for appropriations of public
lands in aid of railroads. They are asked and
demanded, and required in the Northwestern sec-
tion of our Union, and I stand ready to accord
them, and will do so most cheerfully. But to en-
able us to do it, 1 demand, and shall insist, on a
proper economy in all the Departments of the
Government. Where shall we begin? I think
some reformation is necessary, and I think the
i very first thing we should do is to reform our-
1 selves, reform Congress, reform the extravagant
I and wild expenditure which we have had here.
1 And how are we to do it? Not by making the
i public printing a matter of favoritism, but by dis-
| pensing it, as I conceive, under the provisions of
| existing laws, though I should like to have such
| modifications made as 1 have suggested in these
j remarks.
What have we before us, Mr. President? and
what are the results at which we have arrived?
This is not Congressional printing; itisdepart-
; mental printing. Then I say the number of copies
] should be specified; and in regard to that, there is
; a blank to be filled in my amendment. I wish to
j say a few words on that subject in this place. In
; 1839, when Congress passed a law for taking the
j Sixth Census, they made a provision for printing
| the returns; and they then ordered ten thousand
j copies of the returns to be printed. Now, what
! number of copies shall we-order at this time? I
I have great difficulty as to making any order about
| it, until I know what is the magnitude of the
| work. If it is to be a very large woi>k, as I be-
j heve it will be, I am for a small number of copies.
| I doubt exceedingly whether we ought to exceed
j ten thousand. 1 know we have more States now
1 than we had in 1840. We have added five addi-
j tional States since that time; we have a vastly
i larger extent of territory, and a much larger pop-
! ulation. Therefore I will not complain if honor-
| able Senators should propose to print twelve
thousand copies. In the Twenty-sixth Congress
i I believe ten thousand copies of the returns of the
i Sixth Census were ordered to be printed, and in
| the Twenty-seventh Congress we ordered 9. com-
| pendium to be made, and twenty thousand copies
j of it to be printed.
I I am opposed to any compendium of this census,
j Blair & Kives obtained a very large and lucrative
j job in printing the original returns of the Sixth
: Census; and I hope it was not the purpose of the
I Whig Twenty-seventh Congress to give a job in
! the form of a compendium to the Madisunion news-
| paper then printed in this city. That compendium
cost a large sum, and I believe it never was of the
1 least practical utility. I do not believe it necessary
to print a vast number of such a document as this
' to circulate all over the country. It will be of no
! use. Congress must have a proper supply—the
j Congressional Library, the Departments, the State
governments, the leading seminaries of learning,
and the literary institutions of the country, should
be well supplied. As for putting this census into
the hands of a vast multitude of people in this
country, it is, in my judgment, utterly absurd and
ridiculous. It is of very little use, except to Con-
gress, to enable it to make an apportionment of
the members of the House of Representatives
among the respective States, and to furnish sta-
tistics of the population and of the business of the
country. But who are the men who are com-
petent to deal with the contents of the census in
thisregnrd? Only staticians—very learned men,
and there are a very few of them in this country.
I am perfectly free to admit that I should myself
be utterly incompetent for such an undertaking uf
this sort, although there may be members of this
body who may be competent. I would therefore
have no compendium—I would print a limited
number of copies of this work. My own belief
is, that ten thousand or twelve thousand copies
will be an abundant supply for the entire country.
You ought to have some copies to send to Europe,
to interchange with foreign Governments, and per-
haps some to send to some of the leading semi-
naries of learning in Europe.
After we have supplied Congress, the General
Government, the State governments, and the va-
