1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
culty is founded upon an erroneous construction
of the Constitution. The Constitution requires
that the apportionment shall be made u'jon the
population, and not upon the returns. And we
give the reason here, why we allow California to
retain her present representation contrary to the
returns—because we believe that there are people
there who are not returned. I think there is a
propriety in retaining the reason.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator does not seem
to understand my view. I do not differ with him
at all about what he has just said. The ground
upon which 1 shall vote on this question, for al-
lowing California to retain her present represent-
ation, is, that she was not in the Union, and was
not contemplated by the act of May 23d, 1850,
which requires an enumeration to be made in ac-
cordance with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion; and that the act which admitted her, dated
9th of September, after this whole transaction had
taken place, is apiece of subsequent legislation;
and that the provision in that giving her two Rep-
resentatives, until the enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, gives her the right to
retain those two Representatives until the next
enumeration ordered by an act of Congress.^ She
rightfully holds them, therefore, in my opinion,
by the legislation as it now stands. That being
the reason which controls my judgment in voting
to allow her now to retain them, I cannot prop-
erly vote for the proposition assigning a reason
which does not control me.
Mr. BADGER. I think my friend from Ar-
kansas will see that, at last, it comes round to
precisely the ground which is presented in the '
words proposed to be stricken out. Assuming
what he says to be correct, that the act providing
for the taking of the census was passed before
California was admitted into the Union, and that
it did not strictly and properly apply to Califor-
nia; yet, suppose that, under the law, the returns
from California had been complete and perfect, we
should undoubtedly have given her a represent-
ation according to the returns. Therefore, the
real reason, however it originates, whatever might
have been the original difficulty in the case, which
makes it necessary now to introduce this provis-
ion, and which determines vis to introduce it, is the
fact, that there are no complete returns for Califor-
nia. It seems to me, as the Senator from Maine
has said, that as the enactment is anomalous, it is
better that the reason for the anomaly should
appear on the face of the enactment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to, and no further
amendment being offered, the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1852.
When this bill was taken up for consideration
on the 16th instant, Mr. Hunter explained its
provisions. We are now requested by Mr. Hun-
ter to state, that in those remarks he made an !
error of calculation in stating the excess of ex-
penditures, as stated by the Gluarter master Gen- j
eral, over that, given from the Register's office, as
showing a sum of $ 1,221 ,yoG, which was probably ,
derived from military contuhutions or theCahfor- j
nia civil fund. The leal 4Cess is $241,847. The'
most material error to which this led was m stating :
the expenditure for the Army proper in the fiscal ;
year ending June, 1851, at $965 per man. It;
should have been $875 per man. The error is !
corrected in the pamphlet edition. i
The pending question was now stated to be on !
the item making additional compensation for the j
Collins line of steamers. i
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to a question of order. i
It is, that the pending amendment to this bill is 1
not in order under the rule. |
Mi. BADGER I rise to another question of,
order. It is, whether the Senator from Arkansas ;
can take the floor from my friend from New Jer- ■
sey? [Mr. Miller.] i
The PRESIDENT. Certainly; he can raise a j
question of order. I
Mr. BADGER. Then I rise to another ques- j
tion of order. It is, whether the Senator can raise |
the question whether an amendment is in order i
which has been received by the Seriate, and had
several speeches made upon it?
The PRESIDENT. The question can be
raised. The amendment has been reported by a
committee. The question now arises, whether,
under tiie rule, the committee could report such
an amendment.
Mr. BADGER. When can that question be
raised ?
The PRESIDENT. Whenever the subject
comes up for the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. That is true; but can it be
raised atter the subject has been debated for two
days ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot distin-
guish, as to that, between different periods.
Mr. BORLAND. My question of order arises
under the 30th rule of the Senate, which is:
"No amendment, pioposing additional appropriations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to eariy out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate,
during that session, or m pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments ; and no amendment
shall be received whose object is to provide for a pnvate
claim, although the same may have been previously sanc-
tioned by the {Senate."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is fully aware
of the rule which has been read. But it is not for
the Chair to decide, when an amendment is pro-
posed, whether it is in conformity with a resolu-
tion that has been passed, or with an estimate that
has been furnished. When objection is made,
that fact is to be established; otherwise, according
to the rule, it would be considered out of order to
make the amendment. The Chair cannot, by in-
tuition, determine that no estimate has been made.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make a suggestion.
In the firstplace, the rule has nothing to do with
this bill. This is not a general appropriation bill.
Thegentleman must look where weget our idea of
general appropriation bills, and he will see that the
House of Representatives have a rule which re-
quires that their committees shall prepare their
general appropriation bills which are specified.
They are the regular general appropriation bills
of the year. It is no part of the duty of the com-
mittee m the House, under the rule there, to pre-
pare a deficiency bill. It comes up incidentally.
It is not a general appropriation bill; and the rule
has no application to it. It might as well be said,
that, if a bill should be brought here to appropri-
ate a particular sum of money to a particular ob-
ject or purpose, you could not move an amend-
ment to put in an appropriation. The object of
the rule, which was adopted at the instance of the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] is to pre-
vent the general appropriation bills of the year
from being loaded with all sorts of private or other
unascertained claims.
But, in the next place, if my friend from Ar-
kansas had waited until my friend from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Miller] had made his speech, he would
have found that this amendment is proposed in
consequence of an estimate from the proper De-
partment.
The PRESIDENT. That being the case, the
Chair, of course, retains the amendment, until
the Senator produces the evidence.
Mr. BORLAND. I understand the decision of
the Chair to be, that the amendment is in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina states, that it is m conformity with an
estimate which will be shown by the Senator from
New Jersey. The Chair states—waiving the
question of this bill being a general appropriation
bill, which the Chair does not deem it necessary to
decide—an estimate being furnished, of course
there can be no question as to its being in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it would be best to
postpone the decision of this question of order,
until the Senator from New Jersey makes his
speech. 1 do not think the estimate to which the
Senator from North Carolina refers, is such an
estimate as brings the amendment within the rule.
But that will be for the Senate to determine, and
I think it will be better to determine it after the
Senator from New Jersey has made his speech.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must have the
evidence before he can decide.
Mr. BORLAND. I am perfectly willing to
postpone the decision of the question, until the
Senator presents the case.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot decide
without the whole evidence.
Mr. BADGER. I do not know what estimate
will be satisfactory to my friend from Virginia.
We have an estimate from the Depaitment of
the sum required, founded upon a recommendation
in the report made at the commencement of the
session.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I was one of
the majority of the Committee on Finance which
agreed to report this amendment. The subject
had been recommended to Congress by the head
of one of the Departments, and a general estimate
made; which was produced before the committee
by the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin.] The question presented by the amend-
ment I consider to be one of very high importance
to the country; in which not only the parties to
this contract, but many of the great interests of
the country are concerned. In the year 1849, a
contract was entered into by this Government,
through the Navy Department, with Mr. Collins,
to build a certain number of mail ocean steamers,
giving a description of their general power and
capacity, and specifying the purposes for which
they were to be used. By that contract, the steam-
ers were to perform twenty trips a year—that is,
monthly trips during four months of the year, and
seini-monthly trips during eight months of the
year; and for which service he was to receive the
sum of ^385,000.
The objects that the Grovemment and Congress
had in view in entering into this contract were of
a national character. They were, in the first place,
to secure the speedy and cheap transportation of
letters from Europe to this country, and from this
country to Europe. In the second place, the Gov-
ernment desired to have built ocean steamers of
sufficient power and capacity, that might, in case
of an emergency, be employed by the Government
in war. Other collateral and public objects were
taken into consideration—such as the transporta-
tion of passengers, the transportation of light arti-
cles of freight and specie; which at that time were
under the control of English steamers. These
were the objects which induced Congress to pass
the law authorizing the contract.
Now, Mr. President, I intend to show in the
few remarks which I shall make on this occasion,
that all these national objects have been accom-
plished; that Collins & Co. have built four ocean
steamers of great power, and superior speed; that
they are transporting the mails from Europe to
this country, and from this country back again,
in less time than was ever accomplished before;
that the Government may at any time, in case of
any emergency, command the service of four of
the most splendid steamers that were ever built,
surpassing in speed, in power, and in tonnage,
any ships of the kind now afloat; that by means
of the establishment of the American line we now
successfully compete with, and even surpass in
speed its great English rival, the Cunard line; that
the American people now enjoy all those great
advantages which were contemplated by Congress
at the time the contract was made, and that every
obligation on the part of the contractors has been
faithfully performed by them. But, sir, in per-
forming this great enterprise, so advantageous to
the country, the contractors have sustained great
losses. They state their loss during the last year
to be $338,574—in other words, that in every trip
which they peiformed during the last year they
lost $16,928 79.
Some time during the last autumn, the Cunard
line of steamers havingbeen ordered up to weekly
service the year round, the Postmaster General
deemed it his duty to direct Mr. Collins to increase
the trips of his line from twenty to twenty six per
year, and to commence on the first of January last,
with assurances of additional compensation, to be
made by Congress.
This arrangement appears by the letters of the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the Navy,
which I will read:
Post Office Department, >
November 15,1851. y
Sir: By their contract, the proprietors of the Collins line
of steamers, between New York and Liverpool, as you are
aware, are required to perform only twenty voyages per
annum—that is, monthly trips during four months, and
semi-monthly trips eight months, of each >ear. In alter-
nating, as at piesent, with the steamers ot the Cunard line,
we are mfoimed by Mr. Collins that, by the 1st of January
next, his steamers will have made seventeen trips, leaving
only thtce voyages to be performed from the 1st January to
the 27th Apiil, the end of the contract year.
The Cunard line has now been ordered up to weekly
service the year round; and deeming it highly important,
