1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
therefore, that the trips on Hie Collins line should be ,
creased from twenty to twenty-six a year, 1 have already I
gifeu Mr. Coliius the assurance, that if he shall see lit to i
run the necessary additional trips, to alternate, as at pres-
ent with the British lines through tile year, and will look to I
Congress for compensation, I will recommend to Congress •
the allowance of pro rata, or such additional, pay therefor !
as shall be considered fair and proper under the circuin
stances.
It cannot be doubted that it is for the interest of the Uni
ted Mate* to afford such aid to the Collins line as will en-
able it to compete successfully with* the British lines run-
mug in connection therewith; and I beg leave to call your
attention to the subject, in the hope that you will unite with
me in such recommendation to Congress as will secure the
increase of the service of the Collins line from twenty to
twenty-six trips a year as a permanent arrangement.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, N. K. HALL,
__ ^ Postmaster General.
lion, w. A. Gra.ha.m, Secretary of Ike Nuvy.
Navy Department, November 28, 1851. |
Sir: Your letter of thc25th instant, in relation to further i
mail service for your steamers between New York and 1
Liverpool, has been received. I
You are informed, in reply, that this Department concurs |
with the Postmaster Genera! in his requirements of addi- :
tional service by the mad steamers from New YorktoLiv- 1
erpool, as expressed by him in his letter to this Department '
ol which you have been furnished with a copy.
You will, therefore, be pleased to furnish a schedule of '
the days of sailing of the Liverpool mail steamers of your j
line at as early a day as practicable. [
The subject relating to compensation will be referred by \
the Posunaster General for the consideration of Congress. '
T am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. A. GRAHAM.
Jud ward K. Collins, Esq., and associates, New York.
The Postmaster General, in his annua] report,
also expressly refers to this subject, and recom-
mends that an appropriation be made. I will read
part of what he says:
"The contract with the Collins line of mail steamers be-
tween New York and Liverpool, requires the performance
of but twenty trips out and back during the year. For the
purpose, however, of arranging weekly trips in American
steamers, alternating with those of the Cunard steamers
which depart weekly from this country and England, these'
steamers have made departures each alternate week, and
have thus completed a weekly line of American steamers
from NewYork. [fthese trips arecontinuedasheretofore,
there will have been performed in the present year three
more trips than are provided form the contract, and to con-
tinue the weekly trips thereatter will require six additional
trips per year.
"As the English Government had made new arrange-
ments, by which the weekly trips of the Cunard steamers
were to be continued through the year, it was deemed
highly important to continue the weekly trips of the Amer-
ican steamers also. Undei these circumstances, Mr. Col-
lins was requested to continue his trips every other week,
and was assured that the payment by Congress of a pro
rata compensation would be lecommended. It is claimed
by the contractors, and it is believed ju&tly, that a jn o rata
compensation for these extra trips, m the winter season,
will not fully indemnify them; and if the extra trips are
performed, it is earnestly recommended that a pro rata
compt nsation, with such addition, if any, as may be neces-
sary to give the contractors a fair and liberal compensation
for the extra service, be authorized bv Congress. The un- j
rivaled qualities and speed of the ships of this line, and the :
very satisfactory manner in which the service has been [
portormad, establishing the superionty of American skill i
and enterprise in the construction of ocean steamers and m ,
ocean steam navigation, entitle the proprietors of this line I
to the most favoiablc consideration, and I cannot doubt j
that Congress will make the appropriation recommended, i
Here is the recommendation from the head of!
a Department which is called for by Senators, j
There was also an estimate made by the Depart- ]
ment and submitted to the committee. This es-1
timate was confined to the pro rata allowance!
mentioned by the Postmaster General. No esti- j
mate, of coarse, could be made by the Depart- j
ment for such additional compensation as Con 1
1163
compensation from the Government the enterprise
mast fail.
I will now state to the Senate what will he the
additional compensation proposed by the amend-
ment. Under the original contract, they were to
perform twenty trips a year, and receive for them
$>385,000, or $19,250 per trip. The six additional
trips per year, under a pro rata allowance, would
be $115,500, making for the year's service thesum
of $500,500, under the present contract. The
amendment proposes to give them at the rate of
^33,000 per trip for twenty-six trips; making
$858,000 a year. This increases the compensa-
tion on the fifty-two trips, $357,500, or $13,750
on each trip; but from this increase should be de-
ducted the additional costs of running winter trips.
In the statement of losses to which. I have referred,
there is given the cost of their ships, the actual
average cost of every voyage, and the amount of
capital invested. The cash cost of the steamers
ready for sea is stated at $2,948,000, a little less
than $3,000,000. The actual aveiage cost of each j
voyage to England and backis stated at $65,215 64; '
the average receipts for each voyage at $43,286 85, 1
making a deficiency of $16,928 70, on each voy- j
age, which for twenty trips would amount to !
$338,575 80, and on twenty-six trips $440,148.
The Senate will perceive by this statement that
the amount proposed by the amendment falls a
few thousand dollars short of the loss which may
be sustained upon the twenty-six trips to be run
under the new arrangement.
I now wish to call the attention of the Senate to
what I consider to have been the causes of these
great losses sustained by the company. It has
been asserted that they are owing to extrava-
gance; that the ships are larger and more splendid
and costly than the company were bound to build
by the contract. It is true that these ships are of a
superior character in style, size, and power to those
contemplated by the contract; but ought we to
complain of this? The company may, in their
laudable ambition to surpass their foreign rival, i
have expended more money than was required by
their contract; but surely we ought not to take
advantage of this, and object to their doing more
for the success of this great enterprise than they
were bound by law to do. But, sir, the most of
these losses arose from other causes—from cir- i
cumstances over which they had no control. One
great cause of extra expenditure on the part of
the company was owing to the fact that the enter-
prise was an entirely new one in this country—so
new that when they commenced building their first
ship, it was found that the very machinery and the
tools necessary for the construction of their pow-
erful engines were not to be found in the country.
These implements of construction had to be either
procured from England, or made here at great ex-
pense; and large sums of money were necessarily
expended in experiments upon this preliminary
machinery required in the construction of the
ships.
But that is not the principal cause of their losses.
By the contract, Collins & Co. were not bound to
build ships of the size and power of those they
have constructed. They might have merely fol-
lowed in the wake of the Cunard line; taken i
their ships as models, and imitated them in size I
and model, and been contented with their speed, j
But they felt, as every American citizen felt, that j
this was a great undertaking—that it was a no- |
gress might think proper to give for the purpose i] tional contest, and m competing with Great Britain j
.i.„.  r ,i r. | upon this subject of ocean mail steamers, they |
desired to produce to the country and to the world j
ocean steamers a little superior to those built by I
Great Britain, and with which she then command- !
ed the trade of the world. In accomplishing that, :
they ha\e made great sacrifices; but they have by !
so doing put afloat ships far superior to those of i
the Cunard line in power and speed. For this
they have expended large sums of money, and
sustained great losses upon their capital. (
Another cause why they have lost money is
became a national concern with the people and
Government of England to put down the Collins
line, by extending encouragement to the Cunard
line. At the same time, some of the first trips
made by our steamers were unfortunate, and
immediately the cry was raised in Europe, and
especially in Great Britain, that they "were not
safe, consequently, passengers refused to go in
them; and they made many trips in which they
sustained great losses, on account of this alarm.
It may be true, as stated by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that these gentlemen,
under such circumstances, expended more money
than they ought to have expended. But yet, we
all know the feeling which exists in the mind of
every American, for Brother Jonathan to beat
John Bull in any enterprise of this character.
Urged on by that national feeling, and, perhaps,
carried to an extravagant extent, these gentlemen
may have expended more money than was neces-
sary to fulfill their contract; but surely they are
not to be sacrificed on that account.
In accounting for the losses sustained by the
Collins line, it is necessary also to compare the
ships of his line with those of the Cunard line. By
this comparison it will appear that this Govern-
ment is enjoying the service of ships far superior
in size, tonnage, power, and speed to those of the
Cunard line, and at a less compensation upon their
relative costs and power of service. [ have pre-
pared a comparative statement of the two lines,
which I here submit to the Senate:
COLLINS STEAM-SHIPS.
Names.
1. Atlantic.
2. Pacific.
3. Baltic ..
4. Arctic...
Tonnage.
3,000
3,000
3,000
3,000
Horse
power.
1,000
1,000
1,000
1,000
Capable of
working.
1,500
1.500
1,500
1,500
 f_ ]_ 4,000
Days. H'rs. Min'i
Length
274
274
2?0
280
6,000
Baltic  $ 13
Arctic  9 17
0 liom Liverpool to N. York.
10 from N. York lo Liverpool
CUNA11D STEAM-SHIPS.
Names.
Tonnage.
Horse
power.
Capable of1 T
working, j I'e"8th-
5. Canada 
2,266
1,83-1
2,266
1,423
1,833
1,832
1,832
13,282
800
650
800
500
650
650
650
1,000
800
1,000
700
800
800
§00
280
249
280
217
249
249
249
4,700
5,900
Asia,,
Asia ..
Baltic.
Dayi, J/'rs. Mw's,
$ 10 22 30 from Liverpool toN. York.
"( 10 12 15 from N. York fo Liverpool.
.10 22 30 frotn Liverpool to N. York.
0 « " «
9 13
Difference.. 1
Asia 10
Arctic  9
12
17
30 of time.
15 from N. York to Liverpool.
10 <• « «
5 of time.
of sustaining this enterprise. I therefore submit,
that this amendment is not subject to the techni-
cal objection made by the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Borland.] We are not obliged to confine
our action to the amount of the estimate. The
whole subject is before us.
These additional trips were to be performed in
the winter, with but few passengers, atan extraordi-
nary expense; therefore a mere pro rata allowance
would be no fair compensation. Collins & Co.
have submitted a statement showing the great
losses which they have sustained in running their !| that the moment their ships were put afloat, they !
ships under the present contract; that statement |j met with a fierce and active competition in Eng- j
has been verified by affidavit; and no Senator <[ land, backed by the influence of the English Gov-ji
who is acquainted with the character and high ij eminent. It was not a mere struggle between Mr. |
honor of the persons connected with the Collins : Collins and Mr. Cunard; it was not a mere struggle ,1
line, would hardly require such a verification of I between the enterprise of an American citizen and \
their statements. At all events, the committee | a subject of Queen Victoria, standing upon their h
were entirely satisfied that these losses have been ■! individual capital, talent, and enterprise. No, sir, jj
sustained; and 1 think I can satisfy the Senate it became a contest with the English Government, ji
that unless the company receives this additional ! The moment the Collins line was established, it ^
These are the principal reasons why this com-
pany have sustained the loss mentioned. But
what has been their ioss^has been the country's
gain. While they have neen losing $16,000 per
trip, we have been gaining great national advan-
tages. I will endeavor to show that, m the
first place, great advantages have been accom-
plished for our commerce generally. In order to
illustrate this, wemustlook back to the commence-
ment of the navigation of the ocean by steam-
ships.
England commenced this system in the year
1838. It is true, that, as far back as 1819, an
American ship, called the " Savannah," had gone
from New York to Liverpool, partly hv sail and
partly by steam, in twenty-six days. If the Amer-
ican Government, at that time, had taken up the
new enterprise with the same energy and force
with which the English Government afterwards
took it up m 1838, we should have had the honor
and the glory of being the first to establish suc-
cessfully the navigation of the ocean by steamers.
In 183& the "Great Britain" was built. She
sailed on the 8th of April of that year from Liv-
