2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
mittee on Printing, [Mr. Stanton", of Kentucky,]
who says that the rates in the bill of the Special
Committee are lower than those of the contract
which he and the Printing Committee made with
the Republic and the Union. He says, on the
contrary, that the prices in the bill of the Special
Committee are higher than those reported by the
Committee on Printing. I leave those two gen-
tlemen, members of the same Printing Committee,
to settle that matter between themselves. I take
it for granted, as I before said, that there is a little
difference between these two rates. Upon what
ground did I arraign the committee? Why, we
had a law requiring them to let the printing to the
lowest bidder; and in plain violation of that law,
those gentlemen came up here again and again,
and reported to us that when Towers offered to
do the printing for certain rates, they had agreed
to give other men twenty or thirty percent, higher,
and thereby release the public printer and his sure-
ties. and thus deprive us of any claim upon them
arising out of the breach of his bond. I objected to
a proceeding by which, in plain violation of the
existing law, they were taking upon themselves
to give this printing to these two favored estab-
lishments at a high rate. The point was not
whether the prices were merely high or low, A
majority of this House, by repeated votes, sus-
tained the proposition that they had no authority
to make a general arrangementfor the future print-
ing and contract with Donelson & Armstrong and
Gideon <Sz Co., and give them an advance upon
the previous prices greatly beyond what responsi-
ble men were willing to do the work for. That
was the point between us. Whether I am right
or wrong, it is not material to inquire at this time;
but that question is one which I am ready to meet
whenever the resolutions of the gentleman from
Indiana {Mr. Fitch] come up.
But I do not want to be drawn into that contro-
versy now. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven] says that he wishes time to defend
that committee. He has made several speeches
during the session on the subject. The gentlemen
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stantov,] another member
of tiie committee, has also spoken several times
on it. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] has made, I think, nearly a dozen speeches
in defense of the committee, and I suppose that
by tins time the House will understand what their
conduct has been. I do not propose to repeat my
charges against them. They may go for what
they are worth with their replies, both being fully
before the country. I do not concur with the
gentleman from New York [Mr. IIaven] that you
can cany out the contract system as they weie
proposing to do it. I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the House to a statement of fact made to
cae by Mr. Rives. When we were examining
the subject he informed me that the paper for the
Patent OlHce Report would cost $50,000 if fur-
rushed according to the quality required by the
contract made, but that if such paper as that upon
which he prints the Globe, which looks nearly as
well, were used, he said that the paper could be
had for $35,000 only, and that the paper upon
which they had printed our documents at the last
session would not in fact cost more than $±"5,1)00;
so that by this means, without cheating us to a
greater extent than we had been accustomed to,
the contractor would make one hundred percent.,
or #25,000, on that item alone, viz: the purchase
of the paper for one document. Yet, sir, I de-
clare to you, that when I looked at the two docu-
ment separately, I scarcely perceived the differ-
ence between the two kinds of paper. Mr. Rives
thus assured me that m printing the Patent Office
documenttwhich cost some $6tJ,000, $50,000 would
be necessary to buy good paper, and they might
substitute such paper as we were furnished With
during the last Congressat§i0,000 to $25,000 only.
Ir ou must remember that under the old system, as
sanctioned by the Committee on Printing, the con-
tractors had the furnishing of the paper, and thus
were able to make a large sum out of it, though the
rates in other respects were not high; while the
public printer under this bill of the select com-
mittee can make no profit in that way; and hence,
even if the rates are as high as those recommended
by the Committee on Printing, when they pro-
posed to contract with the Republic and Union,
still in this respect the contract is much worse for
the printer. I have said this merely in vindication
of my own course upon this question, and in
reply to the suggestion of the gentleman before rae,
[Mr. Haven.]
As I stated before, I take it for granted that the
House ought to come to some decision upon this
question. I know i have occupied too much of
its time upon the question, and yet the members
of the committee have heretofore consumed ten-
fold more time than I have, or any other member
of the House. We have, I repeat, three propo-
sitions fairly before us—that which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] reported in a
bill 
Mr. HAVEN. I beg leave to state to the gen-
tleman thai I disclaim having any part in that bill,
or any other bills.
Mr. CLIN OMAN. As he was a member of
the committee which reported the bill, I supposed
he had been for it, but he now informs me differ-
ently, and that he did not sanction it individually.
We have also his colleague's [Mr. Jenkins] sub-
stitute before us. Jt may be a good bill, but I
give no opinion upon it. And last of ail, we have
the proposition reported by the Select Committee.
Had we not better, under all the circumstances, at
once procced to a vote, and select some one of
these three plans? With a view of bringing the
House to that line of action, I move the previous
question.
Mr. KING, of New York. I hope that the
previous question will not be withdrawn.
Mr. CL.INGMAN. Several gentlemen have
been asking me to withdraw the demand for the
previous question. I must insist upon it, and let
a majority of the House sustain it or not, as they
see fit.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope and earnestly pray
that the previous question will not be sustained,
and that we may have a chance to offer such
amendments as are proper to the bill.
Mr. POLK demanded tellers on the second;
which were ordered; and Messrs.Polk,and Ful-
ler of Maine, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 64-, noes 59.
So there was a second, and the main question
ordered to be put.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsidcrthe vote
by which the main question was ordered to be
put, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
i the motion made by the gentleman from South
! Carolina [Mr. Orr] to amend the bill of the spe-
i cidl committee by striking out the words "20,"
| and to insert "40," in the clause providing that
) when the number of copies shall exceed 20,000,
j there shall be a reduction of twenty per centum,
i The question was then taken, and it was de~
j cided in the affirmative.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the Chair
will state distinctly the various questions before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the first
question to be upon the amendment offered by the
gentleman from South Caiolma [Mr. Orr] to the
bill reported by the Special Committee. The next
question will be upon that bill as an amendment
to the original bill; and if that does not prevail,
the next question will be upon the substitute of-
fered by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Jenkins] for the original bill. The question is
now upon the bill reported from the Special Com-
mittee by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall], as amended as an amendment to the
original bill. It is as follows:
Strike out all of the original bill after the first
section, and insert the following:
Sec. 2. Jlndheib further enacted, That there shall bea
Supeiintendent of the Public Printing, who shall hold his
office for the term of two yeats, ami who .shall is-ceive for
hi:? siM vices a salary of per annum; and who shall
give bond with two sureties to bo approved by the Secieta-
rv of the Interior, m a penalty of>-20,00'), for the faithful
discharge of ins duties undei tins law. The said Supeun-
tendent shall be a practical pi inter, versed m the various
branches of the arts of printing and bookbinding, and he
shall not be interested directly or indirectly in any contract
for printing for Congress oi for any depaifmentor huieau of
the Government of the United States. The fir-t Pnperin-
tendent under tins law shall hold his office until the com-
mencement ot the Thirty-third Congress, and the Superin-
tendents thereafter appointed shall hold their offices for two
yeais, commencing with the fiist day of the session of each
Congress.
5?ac. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of said Superintendent to receivc from the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives
all matter ordered by Congress to be printed, and from the
several chiefs of departments and heads of buteaus all mat-
ter ordered by tliein,iespectivel.v, to be printed atthe public
expense, and to keep a faithful account of the same, in the
older in which the same shall be received, m a book or
books to be by him kept for that purpose. He shall deliver
said matter to the public printer or punters, in the ordei in
which it shall be received, unless otherwise ordered by the
Joint Committee on Printing. He bhail inspect the work
when executed by the public printer or printers, and shall
record in a buok or hooks, to be by him kept for that pur-
| pose, the dares at which the return- ol said work are made,
■ and whether the same is executed in a neat and woilwnau-
I like manner, upon the paper furnished to the public print-
' ers by said Superintendent, and the amount allowed by
said Supeiintendent for the said punting. Ft shall be hi3
ji duty to supervise the execution of the public punting, to
in&pect the work when executed, and to see that the same
1! is done with neatness and dispatch ; to report every fail-
jj uie or delinquency of duty on the part ofthe public pi'inter,
11 and from tone to time to leport the said delinquent ies to the
11 Joint Committee of Congress on Printing. He shall issm?.
{! his certificate for the amount due to the public pumci for
!j such work shall have been faithfully executed, which
j i comlicate shall he made payable to the public printer at the
1 Treasury of the United States, and shall not be assignable
j or transfeiable by indoisenient or dtliveiv to any thud
, party. Said certificate of the Superintendent shall be a snf-
i ficient vou< her for the Comptiollcr to pass, and for the
j 'Jheasurer, upon the oider ot the Second Comptroller, to
| pay the same.
j Sue. 4. slnd he it further enacted, That it shall be the
} duty of the said Superintendent of the public printing to
t advertise annually, 111 one or more newspapers of geneial
j cneulatiou m the cities of Huston, New York, Philadelphia,
I Baltimore, Washington, New Oilcans, Louisville, and Citi-
j cunidii, foi the space of sixty days pnor to the first of De-
cember, ibr sealen proposals to furnish the Government of
the United States all paper which may be necessary for the
execution of the public punting, of quahtvand in quantity
to be specified in the said advertisements tiom year to year.
He shall open such pinposals as may be made in the pies-
ence ofthe President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives, on the first Tuesday of December
annually, piovidcd a Speakei shall have been elected, or as
soon thereafter as a Speaker shall be elected, and shall
award the contract for furnishing all of said paper, or such
class thereof as may be bid f< r, to the lowest bidder, whose
sample, accompanying his bid, shall most nearly approx-
imate to the quality of paper (size, weight, and texture all
constdeie<l) advei ti-ed lor by the said Superintendent. The
sample offered with the bid accented shall be preserved by
the said Superintendent, and it shall be his dutytocompaie
these with the paper furnished by the public contractor;
and he shall not accept auv paper from the contractoi which
does not eon/oim to the sample preserved as afoie-aiH. It
shall be the duty of the Superintendent of the public printing
to deliver the paper for the printing of the Umied States,
upon the requisitions of the public piinter or punters, and
to chaige him or thorn therewith; and a* the pumm<M8
returned and passed by the said Superintendent, he shall
credit the public printer with the quantity used m the public
service, iuhall be the duty of said Supeiintendent to have
the requisitions of the printer and the returns of paper by
the printer balanced at least oticc in each year, and m de-
fault theieol to report the same to Congress for such pro-
ceedings as Congress may direct. In default of any con-
tractor under tins law to comply with his contract in fur-
nishing the paper in pioper time and of proper quality, the
Superintendent is authot used to advertise for proposaN, as
hereinbefore piovnled, and award the contract to the lowest
bidder; and for any increase of con to the Government in
proeuung a proper supply of paper foi the use of the Gov-
ernment, the contractor, m default and his seeuuties, shall
be chaiged with and held responsible foi the same, and
shall be prosecuted upon their bond, by the Superintendent,
in the name ofthe United States, in the circuitcouit ofthe
United States for the District of Columbia.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the public printer
shall be requited to execute each job of punting intiusted
to hun within Unity davstrom the date of its delivery by the
Superintendent, except bills, reports, and joint resolutions,
winch shall be returned as the Clerk of the House or Sec-
retaiy ot the Senate shall require, unless, for good reasons
shown, the Superintendenlof printing shall extend the time.
And should the printer detain any matter longer than thirty
days, a deduction of five pei centum shall be made by the
Supeuntendenr, fiomthe account of the printer, foi such
job ; and an additional deduction offive per centum for every
additional detention of twenty days. If the public punter
i shall detain such matter for sixty davs, the supeiintendent
| shall withdraw it entirely, and shall employ another punter
j to execute the same with promptness, upon the tei nis> pro-
j vided by law; and in such case tiie public printer shall not
| be allowed theiefur.
I Sue. G. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Superintend-
. ent of the public printing shall not be, directly oi indi-
rectly, mterested in the business of the public printing, or
in anv matenal to be used by the public punter, or tn any
coutiact for furnishing pa pei to Congress or to any depart-
ment or bureau of the Government of the United States.
For any violation of this piovision, the Superintendent of
the public punting shall forfeit hi* oilice, and ma> be in-
dicted before the distiict corn t for the Di^tnet of Columbia,
and if found guilty, shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary
ot the District of Columbia foi anv term not le^s than one
nor more than five years, and m addition thereto may be
fined in any sum fioiu one to ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That when any doc-
ument shall be ordered fo be printed by both Houses of
, Congiess, the entire punting of such document shall be
j done by the printer of that House which first ordered the
j same. And whenever the same pei son or the same firm shall
! be printer for both Houses of Congiess, and both Houses
j shall order the same document to be printed within three
I weeks of the same tune, composition shall be charged but
once tor said document; and no sum shall be paid to said
1 printer for alteiing the headings from the form in which he
