252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
been printed, to my knowledge; and I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his motion to reconsider,
and allow the laws to be printed.
FA message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of his Private Secretary, Millard P. Fillmore.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. This is the first instance,
'I believe certainly the first I have been able to
find—when the laws of a Territory have been sent
here without being printed. It has been the inva-
riable practice of Congress and of this House,
from the foundation of the Government to the
present time, to send those laws to the Committee
on Territories. I know of no very good reason
why they have been sent there. I do not recol-
lect any instance in which they have reported upon
them. They have been in variably sent there in
printed form; and it may be, if we depart from
the custom of Congress on this subject, we may
see the necessity arise for such action. I think it
is necessary that these laws should be printed and
sent to that committee, whose duty it is to exam-
ine them, and see what they are. 1 have ho doubt,
sn% that while you and myself were members of
that committee, at a former Congress, that some
members of the committee at all times examined
the laws passed by the Territories—though few in
number—sent to them. Those Territories are
now increased; they are remote and distant from
us, and their legislation becomes a matter of deep
importance to us in some instances. I do not
know, and I do not believe, that there is anything
improper in the legislation of New Mexico. I do
not know such to be the fact in any of the Terri-
tories. It is necessary, however, that these things
should be brought before the country. Every
gentleman should have the opportunity of exam-
ining them, if he is disposed to do so; and it may
become important hereafter, in relation to another
Territory, to winch we have given laws, and to
which we are bound to give government. 1 think
it is necessary, then, that this motion to reconsider
should not prevail; and that those laws should be
printed, that they may come before the committee;
and that gentlemen here and elsewhere may have
an opportunity of examining them, to ascertain
what they ai;e. It is true, sir, that in the Terri-
tory from winch they come, a large portion of the
citizens there have but recently been brought into
the United Slates. We have a guardianship to
some extent over ihem; and if we do not expect
to find anything wrong or improper in those laws,
still it is necessary that we should examine them.
Mr. CLARK. 1 wish to inquire if this is not
resolution day, and whether the regular order of
business is not to call the States in order?
The SPEAKER. It is: but this is a privileged
question, and must be first disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish merely
to answer the question of the gentleman from New
Mexico, [Mr. VV uoiitman,] and then submit two
or three remarks in regard to this matter. I made
the motion to reconsider at the last session of this
House. I would withdraw that motion to gratify
the gentleman, but 1 believe that the motive winch
he has chiefly in view is entirely a mistaken one.
I have no idea myself, nor do I believe any one
else has, that there is anything wrong in the legis-
lation of that Territory. If I thought so, I would
be willing to incur any amount of expense that
might be necessary to enable tins House to correct
any wrong legislation there. So far from my mo-
tion having any effect in the shape of a reflection
upon the legislation of that Territory, it is rather
an exhibition of the confidence of this House in
. its legislation. For these reasons—with all wil-
lingness m the world to gratify that gentleman,
[Mr. Weiciitman]—I shall decline to withdraw
the motion to reconsider. But to look at the mat-
ter of printing itself, I submit to the House, if
-they will examine the matter, they will find that
these laws, when printed, will form a respectable
sized volume. Now, I would be glad if any gen-
tleman will inform meliow many copies of it'will
have to be printed. 1 presume there will be enough
printed for every member of this House, and
enough extras for the committees to act upon, and
still a surplus beyond what will be so required. I
am aware of the fact that the Government of the
United States has to pay all the expenses of the
government of every Territory, and that in paying
those expenses, the printing these laws comes m as
a part. But they will have to be printed at home.
If we pay a double expense of having them printed
again here, there will be but this limited number
printed, which will not be sufficient to answer the
purposes of home consumption.
Then the only object there can be in incurring
this unnecessary expense in printing is this, that
we may have perfectly in our power to run
through a long list of laws passed by a Territory,
the substance of which we can ascertain, in nine
cases out of ten, or in twenty-nine cases out of
thirty, just by a casual glance at the titles of the
taws. Now, this matter has been referred to the 1
Committee on Territories; and 1 suggest whether
it would not be wise for them to run through those
laws by their titles, and report back to the House j
such, which will not be ten at the outside, as they
desire to have printed. The House will grant the
request at once.
Then where is the necessity for printing all these
laws, of such varied character? Almost every
member is familiar with the laws of his own State,
and with the varied character of the enactments
thereof; hence he must see how perfectly futile,
idle, and useless it will be to print all these laws
of the Territory of New Mexico, with the view to
any practical good? If they were never to be
printed elsewhere, I would say print; but they are >
to be printed at home, and it is not necessary to j
print them here. j
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] will allow me to inter-1
rupt him, I will say that the labors of the Com- j
mittee on Territories are going to be pretty ar- j
duous. We have gone far enough to see that. It
will take the committee some time to determine
what they want printed, if anything. The expense
of printing is not very great, and the amount that ;
will be printed will be the usual quantity ordered i
by the House, for the use of the House. It may
become very important, hereafter, that these laws !
should be printed. ' '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman j
refers to the amount of labor devolving upon the
Committee on Territories. How long will it take
to turn over fifty, sixty, or a hundred pages of
manuscript, when there will never, probably, be j
more than one title upon a page, and look out ;
those acts which the committee wish printed, and
report them to the House, without taking the 1
trouble of any deeper investigation? [
[Here a message was received fiom the Senate j
by the hand of Asbwiy Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, accompanied by several bills, which j
had passed that body.] j
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming.) The object of [
printing these laws, then, is merely, as 1 have j
s ated, for the purpose of enabling the committee j
to examine them. The amount of labor which !
they have to encounter, is, as it seems to me, a (
matter of moonshine, for the honorable chairman j
of that committee himself says that it is not prob-
able that they will want many of them printed.
It is very probable, he says, that they will want |
none, f never heard of one that was punted
the order of this House from any cause of nece*
sity growing out of their consideration here. It is i
not necessary to the power of supervision of this j
Congress over those laws. It is not necessary !
that we should adopt or that we should approve ^
them. They stand as the laws of this land, unless j
they are taken up by the House, considered, and !
rejected. So that we do not have to approve them •
by any action, and it is only hy positive acts that •
they ever stand rejected. Under these circum- :
stances, it seems to me that eveiy guarantee that is '
necessary, is left to us for security without printing '
them at all, if the committee will merely take the
pains to run through them. I will say in con-
clusion, that so far as I have anything to do with
it, I am done with it. I am perfectly willing that
these laws shall be printed, if it be thedesire of the
House; and if I had been satisfied that there was
n. decided majority in favor of it, 1 would never j
have made the motion at all. I
Mr. CARTTER. The question made by the j
chairman of the Committee on Territories is, |
whether we will order the printing, and thus j
bring before this body the territorial laws of New i
Mexico. I understand the objection made by
liivn to be based upon pecuniary considerations,
chiefly. It is a sufficient answer to that objection,
as it appears to me, that pecuniary considerations
amountto nothing,comparatively, when contrasted
with our position as a National Legislature to the
Territories. It ought not to amount to any con-
sideration. "What is our position heie? Under
the organic law of that Territory we sustain the
same relation to it that the President of the United
Stotes does to the legislation of this body. It is
our duty to examine and approve or disapprove
of their legislation. And the proposition is made
here to deprive this body of the means of deter-
mining its own judgment of approval or disap-
proval. In the case of New Mexico-, I presume
that their legislation is squared to the Constitution
of the United States—that it is subordinate to the
organic law of the Territory.
Jlr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the gen-
tleman goes any fuither, I will correct him upon
one point. JNo'proposition is made to deprive the
House of the power of examination into it—not
at all. You cannot define it m that manner.
Mr. CARTTER. I define my own ideas in my
own language, and when I wish to use a diction-
ary, I hope the gentleman will permit me to select
my own. The proposition is to cut off the print-
ing of these laws, and to shut them up in the ar-
chives of a court; and if it is not one to shut them
out from the criticism and personal examination
of this House, I do not understand the force of a
measure. Now, sir, 1 do not know but they
are all right, and, as I have remarked before, in
puisuance of and in subordination to the Consti-
tution of the United States and the organic law of
the Territory. Whether right or wrong, is imma-
terial to my position—I do know that this House
is the responsible body to know whether they are
right or wrong; and I know that the suppression,
or the denial of the privilege of reading them—
for it amounts to that—is a denial of the privilege
of judgment.
Now, to a single remark of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] that the Territories
are multiplying; that they are measuring greater
distances from us; that their relations to us are be-
coming more interesting, and that these relations
are becoming more complicated with the machin-
ery of this Government. And precisely as you
multiply their number,increase their distance, and
augment the complication of their relations, pre-
cisely in that ratio rises the responsibility of this
body, and the necessity-of a thorough examina-
tion of what they do, with a view of preserving
the organic law of that Territory. I have no
doubt of the ability of the gentleman in relation
! to monetary affairs; but he will agree with me,
1 that this is but a two-and-sixpenny question of
printing. I have no doubt that he has examined
all these laws and knows they are all right; but
he will not ask us to indorse his opinion. 1 go
for light. I go for displaying them before the
American people, that they may know what their
infant brethren are about—that we may know
it—that we may stand guard over these Territo-
ries under the Constitution, and under their or-
ganic law; and that if there is anything wrong, it
may not be permitted to steal into a precedent, to
become an authority, without our knowing it.
Let us not shift the responsibility upon the com-
mittee in this respect, although that committee is
an able one and will perform its duty. I go for
printing.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The cost of printing
this document will be about $100. The expense
of our deliberation is about §800 per hour. Upon
the score of economy, I just submit the question,
whether it is cheapest to have this printed, or to
debate it an hour? If I had the chance, I would
move the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the true
course in this matter would have been to refer the
question to the Committee on Territories. That
committee could have examined these laws and
all the papers accompanying them, and when
they make their report back to the House it could
be with a recommendation to print the whole
document, or such part of it as they thought
might be necessary. It is certainly not custom-
ary, I think, to print when first a subject is re-
ferred to one of the standing committees. I will
not consume the time of the House; but I think
our true course and best policy would be to recon-
sider the vote ordering this document to be print-
ed, and refer the question to the Committee on
Territories, let them examine the laws, and report
back to the House whether it is necessary to print
all or any part of them. I ask for the previous
question.
