254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 12,
M
monly made, by the members of this House, of
documents of this kind. In the first place, many
are distributed where there is little demand for
them, and a great'many go into the interior of the
country, where they excite but very little interest,
and certainly where they are of very little use.
Now, the officers of the Coast Survey, upon the
contrary, know precisely where they can be used
for the best interests of the country. Having no
possible object or motive to distribute them in an
improper quarter, it is just and right that the larger
quantity should go to that office. I think, how-
ever, that the committee should have reported in
favor of a larger quantity of this document. It
contains a larger quantity of valuable matter than
it has contained in former years; and that matter
of a different character and description. At the
last session of Congress the special Committee on
Printing reported in favor of printing six thousand
extra copies of this document; three thousand,
perhaps four thousand, of which were,to go to the
Coast Survey. That report was so amended by
this House as to increase the quantity to ten thou-
sand. The Coast Survey report of this session
contains a great variety of valuable matter, not
contained in the report of last year. There are a
large number of geographical positions contained
in this report. Of these, I think, there are about
three thousand positions, and a large number of
points upon the coast of the United States; the
latitude and longitude of which are important to
be known to navigators. It is equally important
that these positions should he communicated to
merchants and sea-faring men, and all who are en-
gaged in the commercial transactions of this or
any foreign country. On this account, therefore,
I had hoped that the Committee on Printing would
increase the number of copies to more than six
thousand. I protest against the distribution made
by this House of five thousand to the House, and
one thousand to the Coast Survey. I ask the
House to content itself with three thousand copies,
and let the other three thousand go to the Coast
Survey. There will be no impropriety in this
course. If we get three thousand, it will be a suffi-
cient number for distribution to all of our constit-
uents who are interested in the report. The
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, and all of the
officers engaged in the survey, will make a much
better distribution of the three thousand copies
that will be allowed them, than we can possibly
make. I move an amendment, then, that three
thousand be printed for the use of the House of
Representatives, and three thousand for the Coast
Survey.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is it in order to
move an amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FULLER.. I move to make the number
ten thousand.
Mr. EVANS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. FULLER. The expense of this Coast
Survey to the Government was over $300,000.
This report, as I understand it, is the legitimate
fruit of that expenditure.
Mr.GtDDlNGS. I rise to a question of order.
This debate is out of order, and 1 call the attention
of the Speaker to the 26th rule of the House, and
also to the 21st joint rule. The 26th rule provides
that the whole of this day shall be appropriated
to the reception of resolutions. The 21st rule pro-
vides " that it shall be in order for the Committee
on Printing to repoi t at any time." Now, I regard
it as a violation of the rules entirely to occupy
this day in discussing reports of that committee.
The report will lie over, and certainly it is not in
order to occupy the day appointed to resolutions
in the discussion of reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect what the practice of the House has been upon
this subject. The joint rule of the two Houses
provides " that the Committee on Printing may
report at any time." It makes no provision in
regard to the discussion or disposition of the
report which they may make. The rules of this
House appropriate this day to the calling of States
for resolutions. The Chair was under the im-
pression that the joint rule would be controlling,
and that the authority to report carried with it the
authority to dispose The Chair thinks that is
the proper construction of the rule, and that it is
in order to dispose of the report thus made.
Mr. GrlDDINGS. For the purpose of testing
the sense of the House, 1 take an appeal.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FULLER said: I deem this document of
vast importance to the whole country, indeed, of
more real value than perhaps two thirds of the
documents annually ordered to be printed by
Congress. Three hundred and twenty thousand
dollars was appropriated the past year to defray
the expense of the Coast Survey. This work now
proposed to be printed, is the legitimate fruit of
that expenditure; and not to occupy too much of
the time of the House, the following points will
show the importance of publishing a larger num-
ber of copies of the annual report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey than has heretofore
been done;
1. It will give two thirds the work of the season,
and most of the work of former seasons.
2. Sixty-five sketches will accompany it, forty
of which will be charts for the navigator, eighteen
sketches will relate to the western coast, and thir-
teen sketches will show sites for light-houses, &c.
3. It will give a list of 3,240 geographical posi-
tions, the first ever published, and bringing the
work down to July, 1851. This list will not be
published again for several years. Hence the ne-
cessity of a large supply for the Coast Survey of-
fice.
4. It will present the methods of copying plates
by thegalvanic battery, pursued in the Coast Sur-
vey office, showing the numerous improvements
that have been introduced. Plates can by this
process be made in eight to ten days, which take
years to engrave.
5. There will be a large amount of geographical
information imbodied in this report.
Another, and additional reason, which gives in-
creased importance to this report is, that by act of
Congress approved March 3d, 1851, it is made
the duty of the officers in charge of the coast sur-
vey, to examine and report upon light-houses,
beacons, buoys, piers, &c.,&c.—information which
has been greatly desired—and this report contains
valuable information upon that branch of the ser-
vice. If no more than five thousand copies be
printed, the share which would be assignable to
me, will not supply the academies and public libra-
ries in my district with a copy.
It interests alike the Atlantic coast, the Pacific
coast, and the great lakes of the North and the
Northwest.
Every man can refer to the coast svfrvey with
just pride, as a standard and scientific work, alike
creditable to our own Government and the age m
which we live.
As it is a work in which the navigating and
commercial interests of my district and State have
a deep interest, I hope the amendment will pre-
vail.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 think there
' is nothing of a domostic character in which this
j Government is engaged, or which this Govern-
ment ever does, that is more important to some
I of the greatest interests of the country, than
j this very work known as the Coast Survey.
! The present report, combining the results, and
the very important results of the operations of
many years, is perhaps more important than any
report ever before published, and contains more
useful information of a practical kind. LTnder
these circumstances, it struck me with some little
astonishment that the Committee on Printing
should not be willing to give the usual number of
extra copies.
It lias been stated that the engravings or
sketches contained in this report are sixty-five ill
number. Now, it ought to be known to the
House that all the engraving has been done by the
! Coast Survey itself, and that there will be no ex-
! pense for engraving consequent on the printing of
' this extra number. They have done it by the
1 galvanic piocess, as is known to every gentleman
i here who lias taken the trouble to inquire into the
matter. That expense, therefore, will not be at-
, tached to this printing. The expense of these addi-
tional copies will merely be for the paper and
' press-work—averyinconsiderableamount. When
1 we consider the mass of printing, of a very differ-
! ent character to this, that is performed at the public
j expense, I do not see any good reason for redu-
j cing the number of extra copies usually ordered.
I am informed by the Superintendent of the
| Coast Survey, that these reports have been so
i much in demand, that parties endeavoring to
make up a complete set, have offered very consid-
erable sums for a single report, and in some in-
stances been unable to obtain it. This fact is suf-
ficiently indicative of the value of the work, and
of the great demand for it by a certain class of the
people of the United States.
I hope that the amendment just offered by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] will prevail,
and that the House will not, at this time—a more
important occasion than has ever before occurred
in the progress of this work—reduce the usual
number of copies.
Mr. VENABLE. I simply rise to add my tes-
timony to that of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] who has just taken his seat, as to
the great importance of this work, andof diffusing
it widely through the country. I should be un-
grateful to the Coast Survey, and to the gentlemen
conducting it, if 1 did not recognize and acknowl-
edge the vast importance it has been to the coast
of North Carolina, not only as regards the safety
of our navigation, but also with reference to the
reduction of the insurance on the cargoes of ves-
sels, and on the vessels themselves, and the con-
venience of all who are engaged in the commerce
of our coast; all of which has been secured by the
faithful, able, and diligent work of the Coast
Survey.
I know of no document which will be published
during the whole session, which has a higher claim
to be generally diffused and circulated throughout
the United States, than this.
I hear gentlemen say that they represent inland
constituencies; that the ocean touches no part of
their districts; and that they have, therefore, no
use for this work. I should be much indebted to
those gentlemen if they would give their copies of
it to me. I found no document which I received
during the last Congress, so desirable, so much
coveted, or so frequently sought after as this, and
I trust that if we amend the resolution at all, it
will be to increase the number. I shall vote with
great pleasure for the highest number proposed,
because it will diffuse throughout the whole country
an amount of information which can be obtained
nowhere else, and which is of great value.
The reason why this work is so valuable is, that
it is based upon certainty. The coast surveys
heretofore have been mere nautical surveys and
nautical charts, buthere we have geodetic surveys.
The topographical surveys are made with refer-
ence to the actual shape of the earth; the hydro-
graohic surveys presume the earth to be a plane,
ancf being based upon that presumption, although
the chart may be accurate with regaid to a single
port, it must mislead you when that chart is com-
pared with the chart of another port. In the
present surveys, the hydrographic are taken by the
Navy, and the topographical by the Engineer
Corps of the Army. These surveys having refer-
ence to the shape of the earth—to use a phrase of
surveyors—the plats will meet, and if all the sur-
veys v are laid together, you will find that they
. represent precisely the spheroidal shape of the
earth.
This work has been prepared by gentlemen
well qualified by scientific attainments to give us
valuable information. We have a sea-coast ex-
tending from the mouth of the Rio Grande to
Maine; a coast, too, upon our lakes- and it is of
the first importance to our navigation and com-
merce, that the whole of it should be fully under-
stood, with that certainty which can only be at-
tained by surveys. I hope, therefore, that this
information will be diffused throughout the whole
country.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evaxs]—as well as some of the other
gentlemen who have addressed the House upon
this subject—is, T thmk,mistaken as to the action
of the House heretofore. I understand the gen-
tleman from Maryland to say that at one or
other of the sessions of the last Congress, there
were some three or four thousand copies given to
the office of the Coast Survey/ Now, at the first
session of the last Congress the Committee on
Printing reported to the House, that four thou-
sand five hundred extra copies should be printed,
and that live hundred of them should be given to
the office of the Coast Survey; and the House
agreed to that report.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I did not say that the Coast Survey had four
thousand copies, but that the committee reported
