2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston,
Howard, In ersoU, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kuhn*, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lockhart, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McLanahan, McMuNin, McNair, Mc-
Clueen, Meade, MiHson, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Murphy, Murray, Nabera, Olds, Orr, Penn, Phelps, Polk,
Richardson, Riddle, Robie, Ross, Savage, Schermerhorn,
Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone,
St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Thurston, Venable, Wallace,
Ward, Watkins, Alexander White, Wilcox, and Williams
—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahercromhie, Babcoek, Rarrere, Ben-
nett, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Bmrows, Cartter, Chap-
man, Cleveland, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Edgerton, Evans,
Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Grey, Harper, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Holladay,
Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Hunter, Ives, John Johnson, Preston King, Mann,
Martin, Mason, Miner, Molony, Morehead, Newton, Out-
law, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Schoonrna-
ker, Smart, Stanly, Benj. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,
Townshend, Walbridgc, Welch, and Addison White—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill wag passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER moved to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speakers table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was agreed to, and
The House adjourned until Monday, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HEB ART) gave notice that to-morrow, or as soon
after as may be convenient, he will ask leave to introduce
a bill, entitled " An act for the relief of Patience H. Slin-
gerland, alias Patience II. Athcrton."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials', &c., were presented
under the rule, arid referred to the appiopriate committees:
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of the citizens of Jersey
City, in the State ofNcw Jeisey, prayinjj Congress to pro-
mote, by somo action, the liberation of O'Brien, Mitchel,
and other Irish exiles, by the English Government.
By Mr. II ARPEll: The petition of William Allcvoyd and
61 others, citizens of Muskingum county, Ohio, asking
that the bill introduced by Mr. Stanly, to Kid in colonizing
free persons of color m Liberia, may become a law.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Henry Hoskins, President of the Ohio Falls Marine Rail-
road Company, asking: an appropriation for the construction
of a marine railway at the Falls of the Ohio river, for the
convenience of commerce.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas : A memorial of James
Hamilton, for himself and in behalf of Saiah A Hunt, Ann
Rameastle, William S. Wetinore, assignee of the trustees
of the Bank of the United Slates, the trustees of paid Bank,
I-jaac MaeGerry, Henry Blood, F. S. Lyon, trustee of the
Bank of Alabama, diaries Maealistar, Augustus IMiam,
Joseph W. Hubbell, Benjamin Kiley, William M. Walker,
John A. MeGaw, and others, asking Congress so to modify
the proviso of the boundary act, passed 9th September,
1850, that the creditors of Texas may file their release sep-
arately, ami receive the amounts respectively due to them
by the State of Tevn«.
By Mr. RANTOUf,: A memorial of John (lain, Jr., of
Oharb'stown, Massachusetts, and fifty-four others, praying
that prompt and efficient measures may be taken for the
protection of thirty thousand American citizens engaged m
the fisheries
By Mi. MENARD : The petition of Patience II. Athorton,
alias Patienro H SlnureHand, askmi to have a tract of
laud set oil"on an execution in favoi of the United States
against Jacob Slnigciland, restored to her.
By Mr. ABBROBOMBIE The account of John Shep-
herd, of Alabama, against the General Government, for
depredations committed by the Creek Indian* in 1836.
Also, papers in thecase of Andy Townsend's application
for relief, on account of Indian depredations.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jitgust 2, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, dated the 31st ultimo, in reply to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 29th ultimo, in which
the Secretary states: First, that, by a Jetter of in-
structions to Mr. James Collier, as collector at
San Francisco, dated April 3, 1849, he was ap-
pointed the depositary of the public moneys at
San Francisco, under the provisions of the act of
the 6th of August, 1846; but it does not appear that
he ever acted as depositary, or had any moneys
placed in his hands as such; and no special depos-
itary has been appointed at any other point on the
Pacific coast.
Second, that the fifteenth section of the act of 6th
August, 1846, alluded to, authorizes the deposita-
ries to receive to the credit of the Treasury of the
United States, any moneys due and payable to the
Treasury of the United States which may be ten-
dered to them; but no returns were ever made
by Mr. Collier, as public depositary. T. Butler
King, the collector of San Francisco, was subse-
quently, on the 10th of May, 1851, appointed de-
positary at that port, and has had deposited with
him in that capacity, agreeably to his official re-
port, the sum of $870,597 54—the whole of which i
was deposited by him, as collector, to the credit j
of the Treasury of the United States, except the ,
sum of $20 71. These returns included the quar-
ter ending March 30, 1852.
Third, that the returns of money in the hands
of the depositary at San Francisco, first appeared
in the Treasurer's monthly statement for the week
ending November 24, 1851, which statement was
published on the first of December following; and
it was the first publication which announced in
that mode, that a public depositary had been es-
tablished at San Francisco.
Fourth, that the amount on deposit could not
have been given at any earlier period, because the
first return on which the account was opened on i
the Treasury books, was dated San Francisco,
14th October, 1851, and was only received in time
for the above publication.
~vFifth, that, on the 3d of April, 1849, James
Collier gave a bond as public "depositary, under
the act of August, 1846, in the sum of $50,000,
and that T. Bulter King gave a bond, on the 30th
of June, 1851, under the same act, in the sum of
$100,000. It is only collectors and receivers who,
by the construction of this act, can be made de-
positaries.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the report be laid
on the table, and be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution adopted
at a meeting of the directors of the Sodus Point
and Southern Railroad Company, held at Newark,
New York, in favor of an appropriation for the
further improvement of the harbor at the mouth
of Great Sodus Bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of John
Gray, interested as owner in the fishing-schooner
Mary of Brooksville, praying to be allowed fish-
ing bounty; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Wyer G. Sargent, owner
of the fishing-schooners Two Brothers and Olive
Branch, praying to be allowed fishing bounties;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Robert
Johnston, praying that patents may be issued for
certain land warrants in his possession, and pro-
cured by him in the names of the parties who
were entitled to receive them, but who cannot now
he found; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying the construction of a ship-canal around
the Falls of the river St. Mary; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of E.
A. Williams and William D. Ligon, praying to
be relieved from their liability as sureties on the
official bond of Purser William H. Kennon, of
the United States Navy; which was refened to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE MEXICAN BOUNDARY QUESTION.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the .Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate a copy of the repot t made bv Lieutenant
Colonel Graham, of the Topogtaphical Corps of Engineers,
on the subject of the boundary hue between the United
States and Mexico, together with all the papers m his De-
partment on that subject.
SUPPRESSION OF SMALL NOTES.
_ Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the aet of the 7th July, 1838, for the suppression of
small notes within the District of Columbia, as, in addition
to the provision1? of said act, to authorize justices of the
peace for the county of Washington to hear and decide in
case* brought befoie them, by any informant, of infractions
of said law; and in case of its violation by a city corpora-
tion, to authoiize the fines thereof to be levied and collected
of the mayor thereof.
INTEREST OF PUBLIC DEBT
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lutions for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the names of the several agents em-
ployed by the Department other than officers of the United
States, for the payment of interest on the public debt and
pensions since the 4th of March, 1649., together with a state-
ment of the last settled accounts of each of such agents,
with date thereof, showing the amount due to or from the
United States.
Resolved further > That the said Secretary report what
length of time unclaimed dividends of interest are allowed
to remain in the hands of agents, after the same are due
and payable, and how often said agents are required to
render their accounts, and whatsecurity, if any, isiequircd
for the faithful performance of the trusts confided to them.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LAWS AND DEBATES
OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to what I conceive
to be a privileged question. I desire to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the joint res-
olution from the House of Representatives, enti-
tled " A joint resolution for the distribution of the
laws of Congress and the debates thereon," which
provides for the transmission of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix through the mails, free of
postage, was passed. I think, perhaps, that res-
olution ought to be amended a little. At any rate,
I, as well as some other gentlemen, wish to have
a little time to examine it. I move to reconsider
that vote, and also that that motion lie on the table.
I should prefer to have the consideration of the
motion to reconsider passed over until I can look
into the subject a little further.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will find himself rather in a difficulty in
pursuing that course. He had better withdraw the
motion that the motion to reconsider lie on the table
for this reason: Suppose the Senate agree to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; then, if it is desired to amend the resolution,
the question will have to be taken, on reconsidei ing
the vote by which it was ordered to a third reading.
If, then, the motion to reconsider lie on the table,
and is taken up at a future day if agreed to, it will
be more than two days after the resolution was
ordered to a third reading; and then, unless by
unanimous consent, the motion to reconsider that
vote cannot be made. It will be better to dispose
of this motion to reconsider, at once, because,
unless the motion to reconsider the vote by which
it was ordered to a third reading be agreed to, the
resolution cannot be amended.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, and hope the vote will be taken
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. WALKER. 1 should like to hear some
reason given by the Senator, why we should re-
consider the vote. The matter was spoken of
pretty freely on Friday, and it seemed to be a very
fair decision of the Senate that they would pass
the resolution which would permit the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, containing the laws
and debates of Congress, to pass through the
mails free of postage. Now, here is a motion to
recoasider the vote, without any reason being
given except a desire, on the part of the Senator,
to defeat it ultimately. This, then, t take to be a
est question, and I hope, if the vote is to be taken
upon the reconsideration, it will be deemed a test
question by the Senate.
Mr. BR&DHEAD, Mr. President, if I under-
stand the purport of this resolution correctly, the
editor of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
can append as many advertisements to it as he
pleases. That is one reason for reconsidering the
vote. Another is this: we have already the right
to transmit the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix through the mails free of postage. Each
member of the Senate receives some twelve or
fifteen copies, and we have a right to transmit
those copies through the mails free of postage.
This is going beyond that, and confers an extraor-
dinary privilege which I think ought not to he
granted. I am opposed to it on that ground.
Mr. WALKER. 1 suppose we knew that the
Senator was thus opposed to the resolution at the
time we adopted it. One of the objections which
he makes is, that the editor, or publisher, of this
work can append to it as many advertisements as
he pleases, and transmit those advertisements with
the Globe and Appendix through the mails free
of postage, if I understand the reading of the
resolution it is, that the Globe and Appendix, con-
taining the laws and debates, shall be transmitted j
