1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2mi
but I apprehend the editor would find himself
charged postage upon advertisements if he under-
took to insert them. But suppose we, as mem-
bers of Congress, can send through the mails, free
of postage, those numbers which we receive, how
is it with the heads of the Departments? How is
it with the departments of the States ? They have
to bear an enormous postage, if the States avail
themselves of this work. If others, who are dis-
posed to keep it as a useful work in their libraries
through the country, for the information of the
public, get it through the mails, they have to pay
an enormous sum for postage. This publication
does not fall within the class of " newspapers,"
nor that of " periodicals;5' it, therefore, cannotgo
on the terms of such works, but, as I understand
it, it passes through the mails at the charge of so
much per ounce. Take, for instance, the Globe
and Appendix of the last long session, which were
four large volumes, I believe the postage on them
was some $23. You can ordinarily buy the work
itself for $6, though I believe those four volumes
cost more than that; but, at all events, the post-
age is some four or five times the cost of the work
itself.
I believe that there have been some petitions in-
troduced this session praying Congress to take
some efficient steps to disseminate through the
country, the laws of Congress and the debates
thereon. I know I received a long and very sen-
sible letter from a gentleman in connection with a
literary institution in New York, requesting that
1 should introduce a proposition that there should
be sent to the literary institutions of the different
States, various copies of this very work, and that
it should be sent free of postage. Now, we are
proposing to do what there seems to bean interest
in the community in favor of our doing. For one,
I am in favor of the Globe and Appendix going
free of postage. I believe it is more in favor of
popular rights than any proposition that has come
up here. That we have the franking privilege is
not a compensation to the people. It is not such
a right as they wish to avail themselves of to ob-
tain this work, and the whole series of it, to place
in their colleges, academies, schools, and various
departments of the State governments. We can
furnish no such facilities to the people as this.
But they will subscribe for the work when it does
not cost four or five times the original cost for post-
age. I do hope, as I said before, that this ques-
tion may b* deemed a test question, and the vote
as a final one; and for the purpose of making it as
much so as lies in my power, I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not propose to discuss
this question, because I believe it underwent a dis-
cussion satisfactory to the Senate on Friday. I
think at least, the reasons for and against it were
very well stated. 1 now rise only for the purpose
of saying that the objection which the Senator
from Pennsylvania has urged can, under the very
terms of the joint resolution, have no existence
here. Advertisements cannot be incorporated in
the laws and debates of Congress, and that is the
description of publication to go free of postage.
The Post Office has decided that this publication
is not a newspaper. It is the authenticated and
accredited debates of this and the other branch of
Congress, made in pursuance of an appropriation
of the very money which we pay out for them.
Now, shall we circumscribe the limits within which
they shall be spread before the country ? That is
the object, and the whole object of the joint reso-
lutionj and if it shall pass as it now is, it will
protect it from any such objection as the Senator
from Pennsylvania has supposed.
Mr. BORLAND. I regretvery much to feel con-
strained to differ with my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr.BRomiEAD] upon thisquestion,
as I very rarely do differ with him on any question.
I think, however, that he is mistaken in the view he
has taken with regard to this subject. It will be
out of the power of the publisher of the Congres-
sional Globe, for the reasons stated by the Sena-
tor from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin7,] and the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] to put adver-
tisements into that paper, and also for other rea-
sons. That paper has been published many years,
and such a thing as the insertion of advertisements
has never been attempted, and the proviso to the
resolution pxpressly excludes the Daily Globe from
being sent through the mails free of postage.
But I would go even further than this resolution
goes. I would, if it depended on my vote, strike
out the proviso excluding the Daily Globe from
being sent free of postage, because it would circu-
late through the country far and wide the proceed-
ings of both Houses of Congress immediately
upon their occurrence. The representatives of the
people and the States would then, on the very day,
or the next after their transactions have been re-
corded, have the power of communicating them
to their constituents. Their intercourse would be
direct and immediate, and their responsibility per-
fect beyond anything that has ever been attained
in the administration of this department of the
Government. I hope, therefore, that no objection
will be urged.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a joint resolution
providing for the distribution of the laws of Con-
gress, and the debates thereon. Now, who looks
into the Congressional Globe and Appendix for
the laws of Congress? The laws of Congress
have never been printed in that publication yet.
Why speak about circulating the laws in the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix? The people do
not look into them for the laws; they rather look
into Little & Brown's edition for that purpose.
Besides, the debates in Congress are published in
other papers than the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, and why is it that you propose to give
the publisher of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix the privilege of sending them through the
mails free of postage, when you deny the same
privilege to the publishers of other papers contain-
ing the debates? I can see no reason why this
privilege should be extended to the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and denied to other papers
published in the city of Washington.
I am willing to put this publication on the foot-
ing of newspapers. People throughout the coun-
try, subscribing for newspapers, are obliged to
pay postage on them; and why should not the
Congressional Globe and Appendix be put on the
same footing as newspapers? I am willing to vote
for such a proposition, but beyond that I am not
willing to go; nor am I willing to vote for this
joint resolution extending a special privilege.
Mr. ADAMS. I was not present at the dis-
cussion of this subject, and have not, therefore,
had the benefit of the opinions expressed by Sen-
ators; but it would require very little time for me
to make up my mind on the subject.
The joint resolution is intended in reality for
the extension of the franking privilege. Before I
give my vote in favor of such an extension, I must
receive a little more light than 1 have at present.
Instead of extending the franking privilege, if it
depended on my vote, I would abolish it, and
place members of Congress on the same footing
as other citizens of the United States in that re-
spect. I repeat that the joint resolution is intend-
ed for the extension of the franking privilege—
nothing more and nothing less. Perhaps, as it is
said, that extension will be for the benefit of the
country; but I shall not argue the question now.
It is not my intention to procrastinate the discus-
sion, for I merely rose to say that I would rather
vote in favor of curtailing than extending that
privilege. I hope to see the day when it will be
abolished entirely, and that members of Congress
may be compelled, as other citizens are, to pay
postage on all documents, excepting 'those which
are addressed to them on public business. The
privilege should not go beyond that.
Mr. BAYARD. No one more freely admits
the geneial accuracy of this publication than I do.
But I shall vote for the reconsideration of the res-
olution, as I voted against the resolution on a pre-
vious day. This is a private enterprise, for the
publication of which the Government of the Uni-
ted States pays. The resolution proposes that
Congress shall undertake to permit the circulation
of this publication through the mails, without any ;
consideration of any kind. We are asked to send j
through the mails, free of postage, this publica- !
tion, on the ground that it disseminates informa- !
tiori. I would ask Senators whether, because j
you purchase Little & Brown's publication of the |
laws of Congress, you will on that ground send j
them through the mails free of postage, independ- j
ently of the numbers which you purchase for dis- j
tribution or for governmental purposes? I contend j
that we should not. On what principle can you !
refuse the same privilege to other papers, of a dif- j
ferent character? This may bean important pub- i,
lication. So may thousands of others. You
distribute agricultural books, published by au-
thority of Congress, by franking them. But,
suppose an individual chose to reprint your agri-
cultural reports—for you foster certain works by
purchasing a number of them—and should come
here and ask you to send them through the mails
free of postage; surely you would refuse to do it.
I cannot conceive why you should give a gratuity
to a private individual, without the remotest con-
sideration. I shall therefore vote for the reconsid-
eration.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] tells
you that you cannot incorporate advertisements
with this work, and that no evil of that kind can
grow out of its beingsentfree of postage. If this
publication is periodical, that is, if it is first pub-
lished in numbers, there is nothing in the resolu-
tion which will prevent the sending of advertise-
ments in sheets, m the form of wrappers upon the
papers themselves. Nothing in the resolution
could prevent the sending of advertisements in
that form; and though the publication might re-
main the same, the object of advertising might be
accomplished, through it, and tend greatly to the
profits and emoluments of the proprietor.
Again, we have been told by the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] that the postage on
this newspaper is enormous, and that it cannot
pass through the post office as a newspaper. My
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] gives
an answer to that when he says that it may be
sent as a newspaper, either in numbers,or bound,
if you will, paying the same postage winch news-
papers pay. You can, therefore, put it on that
footing, because I think it should pass as a news-
paper if sent in numbers. I do not, however, see
on what principle Congress can possibly grant a
gratuity to the publishers of this newspaper, ex-
cellent though I admit it to be, which tends sim-
ply to have the effect of making a payment in ad-
vance by them. If you concede this privilege to
this publication, you cannot refuse it to others in
which the laws of Congress happen to be printed.
Other publishers will ask the same privilege on
the ground that they are disseminating informa-
tion among the people; and I do not know but
that the laws of Congress will be disseminated in
a better form in that mode.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word in reply
to the remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
By the words of the resolution, it is provided that
the laws of the United States, and the debates
thereon, shall be transmitted through the mails
free of postage. The resolution has no reference
to what has been done heretofore. It refers ex-
clusively to what is to be done, and under that
provision the laws are to be connected and pub-
lished with the debates to which their considera-
tion gives rise.
Mr. BUTLER. Those gentlemen who have
given attention to this subject, can, perhaps, slate
whether there is any limitation as to the quantity
of these books to be transmitted through the
mails. It is said this publication does not come
within the class of newspapers or periodicals usu-
ally circulated as newspapees; and that therefore
it ought not to be subject to the presenf postage
laws. If that is so, it must be regarded as a law
book, like any other law book; and what would
prevent the publishers of this book from sending
off large quantities to New York, or Philadelphia,
or Charleston, and advertising them for sale as
books are advertised in bookstores? While, then,
we are disseminating, as we suppose, useful in-
formation to the people, I think it is an indirect
mode of giving one set of booksellers an advant-
age over others. In other words, the resolution
is a mode of giving this book a preference overall
others. The only security that I know of to pre-
vent the Treasury from being taxed for its dis-
semination is, that the people are not inclined to
read newspapers containing these debates. If
there is any one thing that I have (earned with re-
gard to the habits of the people in this respect, it
is that they are very indifferent as to the proceed-
ings of Congress, and, as I think, for a good rea-
son—a reason which 1 have formerly stated.
Mr. BAYARD. I give to the joint resolution a
different construction from that of the Senator
from Maine. It provides for the free circulation
of a specific publication of known character. It
provides that "the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix, which contain the laws and the debates
