256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
be charts, valuable for purposes of navigation; eighteen
will relate to the western coa^t, and thirteen will show suit-
able positions for light houses, &c.
"It will give a list of three thousand two hundiedand
forty geographical portions, the first ever published. This
list will not again be published for many years.
" It will iuibody a large amount of geographical informa-
tion.
" In addition-to the foregoing, it will present the mode
adopted By the Coast Survey ot copying plates by the gal-
vanic battery, and exhibit the numerous improvements
which have been introduced into this process. In eight or
ten days, plates maybe made by this mode which would
take years to engrave."
These constitute many of the important features
of the report, and when properly appreciated, as
I trust they are by the House, will be sufficient to
justify the publication of the number of copies
asked for.
^The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ham-
mond,] is disturbed by apprehensions that some
enormous expense for plates is to be incurred, over
and above the press-work and paper. I can relieve
him from all fears in relation to that part of the sub-
ject. If I understand conectly, the distinguished
scientific gentlemen at the head of the Survey, have
devised a plan by which plates may be made,
through the instrumentality of the galvanic bat-
tery, much more easily than was ever known be-
fore. In eight or ten days may be accomplished
by this process, what hitherto has been the work
of years. These plates are all made. They are
to be transferred to stone by the gentlemen of the
Coast Survey, and nothing then will remain to be
done but to take the impressions. The prepara-
tion of the plates is therefore a work already accom-
plished by the Government officers, and need not
cost an additional cent to what has already been
expended. Impressions can be taken from the
stone at the inconsiderable cost of less than one
and a half cents per sheet, indeed at the rate of
fifty for sixty-five cents. So my honorable friend
from Maryland will perceive that all his appre-
hensions in regard to the enormous expense re-
ferred to, are without foundation.
But why is the larger number of ten thousand
copies of this report objected to with so much ve-
hemence? Are they more than the country re-
quires or can find use for? We are told that the
operations of the Coast Survey for the last year
cost the Government about $300,000. Is ihis a
useless expenditure? Tso gentleman will hazard
his reputation for intelligence, by declaring it to
be so. If it is important to expend so large a sum
of money to obtain hyclrographical and topograph-
ical information of the condition of our immense
line of coast, then surely it is important that that
information should be given to the public. Do
gentlemen desire that the labors of the Coast Sur-
vey shall be known only to those who make them?
The whole world is interested in the results of this
immense scientific undertaking. It is one, hith-
erto unequaled by any similar enterprise in the
history of nations; and having achieved so much
at such immense expense, I am not willing that
its benefits should be lost to the world on account
of the expense to be incurred by publishing them.
The honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] who is at the head of the Finance Com-
mittee of the House, opposes the amendment in- j
creasing the number of copies to be printed, for a ;
reason which I deem of but very little force indeed. ;
He takes the position, that the expense of priming !
this report ought not to be incurred, because the \
aggregate of expense for printing each year has !
been gradually growing larger. Does notthegen-
tleman know, that, with the increase of territory
has come an increase of population, and as our
population has increased, so, also, has increased
the intelligence of the country? Is it, then, won-
derful that with the growth of population and in-
telligence of the country, our printing expenses
should grow upon us5 Every day's progress :
makes necessary additional expense m this partic- I
ular. The advancing- character of the very work !
upon the Const Survey creates the necessity for j
increased expenditure m the publication of it-? re- '
port. The last report was but a small pamphlet; '
the report this year will embrace four hundred ;
pages, and will be a good sized book well bound, i
And why has the report grown to such a size? !
Why, sir, the work has been advancing with great ;
rapidity and success, and the material for the re- :
port lus accumulated in due proportion. As a ;
member of the Printing Committee, I opposed the !
number named in the report of the chairman, be- !
cause J considei^d it too small. I advocated in I
committee, and am now in favor of printing the
number contemplated by the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] It is
idle to say, that the information to be derived from
the report is only interesting to citizens upon the
sea-coast. This is a great mistake. In the distri-
bution of those printed by the House last year,
about thirty fell to my share. They were sent to
my residence after the adjournment; and even
there in the distant West I found gentlemen—men
of intelligence and science, eager to get possession
of them. I had no difficulty in distributing them.
Should the ten thousand copies be published, it
will afford to each member not more than forty
copies each; and there is no district in the Union
where that number may not be usefully sent. Be-
sides the demand which exists in our country
with men of science and others interested in the
process of the Coast Survey, I understand many
applications have been made to the Superintendent
from scientific men in other countries, for copies
of this work. It is not surprising that a work of
so much importanceshould attract the attention and
elicit the interest of distinguished men abroad; and
we should be proud that it is so. But it is a matter
of regret, that on account of our niggard policy in
this matter of printing, the distinguished head of
the Coast Survey has heretofore been unable to
supply the demands made upon him for copies of
his leport, from other countries. I trust now, sir,
we shall place it in his power to furnish all that
may be asked for. The Senate has considered the
work of importance enough to justify the printing
of ten thousand extra numbers, and I hope the
House will order an equal number.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise for the pur-
pose of moving the previous question. Before
doing so,'however, I desire simply to say, that
there is a great defect in the distribution of all
these public documents. I represent an agricul-
tural district, and I do not care to have a single
copy of the Coast Survey to distribute in my dis-
trict, and have no demand for them. It is true, if
i were to take a large number of bound volumes
of reports of any description into my district, and
announce publicly that they were there, I should
have a great number of gentlemen calling upon
me for them. But the great demand in that dis-
trict is for the agricultural branch of the Patent
Office report. While, therefore, I am ready and
willing to vote for any reasonable number of copies
of the Coast Survey, I should prefer that the
whole number oidered should be given to the offi-
cers connected with that bureau for distribution,
believing that the distribution would be more judi-
cious by those officers than it could possibly be
done by the members of this House. There are
membeis here lepresenting districts intimately
connected with the subjects treated of in this report,
and who will need a good many copies for dis-
tribution; but of course they can get them by
calling upon the officer to whom they shall be
given. I would, therefore, prefer that this reso-
lution should be put in such a shape as to leave
the distribution of these reports entirely to the
officers connected with the Coast Survey.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Has the gentleman
no academies and public libraries in his district?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman inquires if
we have no schools and public libraries in my dis-
trict? We have. And I took occasion during the
last Congress to exhibit the number of schools
and academies in that district; but if I wish any
document of this kind to spnd to any academy,
college, or public library, I have always found
the officers of the Coast Survey ready and willing
to supply me with anything under their control.
If, therefore, it is the wish of the House to print
this document, and distribute it among the mem-
bers, I shall propose to some gentleman—for in-
stance, to a gentleman representing some portion
of the city of New York whose constituents do
not care about knowing the best method of raising
wheat, or what kind of soil is best adapted to the
culture of corn—T say, I shall propose to him to
exchange my portion of the report on the Coast
Survey for copies of the agricultural part of the
Patent Office report, which will be of use to my
constituents,
Mr. MILLSOW. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] has indicated his intention to
move the previous question, I desire to say that I
am in favor of the suggestion of that gentleman
proposing that all the copies of this document
shall be given to the Coast Survey. I wish to in-
quire whether the gentleman from Georgia [Mr,
Stephens] did not move that as an amendment?
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not. There was
already an amendment to the amendment pend-
ing, and it was not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not so understand it. I
understood that the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] accepted the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] and therefore
it would have been in order to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that before
he calls the previous question, he should move
! an amendment to the amendment giving all the
! copies which the resolution provides for printing
I to the coast survey, for distribution.
I Mr. CAMPBELL. That is my purpose. Then
if gentlemen desire any copies for distribution
among their constituents, by calling upon those
officers and leaving the names of the persons they
wish to send them to, they will be sent. For
myself, I do not want a solitary copy, unless in-
stitutions of learning in my district desire them;
in which case I can obtain them as I have indi-
cated. If it is in order, therefore, I now move an
amendment to the amendment so as to provide
that all the copies of that document which the
resolution provides for printing shall go to the
Coast Survey for distribution I make that mo-
tion, and upon it I call the previous question.
! Mr. CARTTER. Will my colleague withdraw
1 the demand for the previous question for a mo-
1 ment?
| Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman re-
j new it?
Mr. CARTTER. I will renew it if the gentle-
man desires it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw my call.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
mend offered by my colleague, [Mr. Campbell,]
for the simple reason that 1 believe that the gentle-
men who represent this nation in its various dis-
tricts upon this floor are fully as capable of distri-
buting this information as a clerk in the Coast
Survey office. That is my humble opinion upon
the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CARTTER. By all means.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does not the gentleman
believe that we should be able to get as many
copies from the Coast Survey as we desire?
Mr. CARTTER. I will answer that in my
regular course of remark. We have learned by
the mover of this proposition that the number of
forty copies are given to each Congressional dis-
trict in the United States: and this enormous num-
ber of books seems a subject of great burden to
my colleague. He does not know how to dispose
of them all in the great "Butler" district. We
are told, at the same time, that this document
brings to light the minute geography of our coast,
hitherto unexplained in the geographical books of
the country. This is another item.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman allow
me one word ? I do not pretend that my constit-
uents of the Butler district are very desirous of
entering into all the minutiae of the coast survey
business; but I doubt whether the gentleman's
constituents, notwithstanding he may have sent
his forty copies among them, have ever read a
single copy. I doubt very much whether my col-
league himself ever read one entire, and I put that
question to him, whether he ever did read one?
I confess I never have, for I feel no interest upon
the subject.
Mr. CARTTER. I hold that no gentleman
upon this floor who is as incapable of appreciating
the importance of this geographical survey as my
colleague,Jjy his remarks, has proved himself to
be, is entirely at liberty to ask the question as
to whether anybody else has ever read this work.
Mr, CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) But will
my colleague answer the question5
Mr. CARTTER, (continuing.) He is at lib-
erty to ask whether the constituents of anybody
have ever read it. But I think if the gentleman
will _appeal to the colleges of my district—to a
public acknowledgment rendered to my humble
self, in courtesy for having transmitted this very
geographical information to them during the last
Congress, he will find an answer to his question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will not the gentleman 
