2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2.
thereon"—and everybody knows they contain
them—** shall pass free through the mails, so long
as the same shall be published by order of Con-
gress." 1 say there is nothing whatever in this
resolution preventing the attaching to each num-
ber of the Congressional Globe of one or two
sheets of advertisements outside. That would not
alter the character of the publication; nor would it
be excluded under the terms of the resolution. But
from the* very proviso which excludes the Daily
"Grlobe, it would be implied that there was no other
exclusion than that expressed in the resolution. I
submit to the Senate, beyond all question, that un-
der this resolution, there is nothing in regard to
this publication to prevent what is done in Eng-
land and this country universally as to all maga-
zines. You will find in them some five, six, eight,
or ten pages of advertisements attached to the cover
of the book; but that does not alter its character,
or render it liable to any other or different charge
from what would otherwise be imposed upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which this joint resolution
was passed, on the ground, among others, that
the publisher of this paper may, at any time he
sees proper, append advertisements to what is
known as the Congressional Globe—that he may
abuse the privilege that we confer upon him by
adopting that mode. Now, I undertake to say
that if he should adopt that course, Congress will
have the power of refusing to publish its debates
and proceedings in that paper; and would, as a
matter of course, use that power.
We profess to have in view cheap information,
and the dissemination of it among the people gen-
erally; and I ask how can it be done more effectu-
ally and more practically than by the general
distribution of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix? In no way, to my mind, in as cheap a
form.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is mistaken
when he says that the Congressional Globe does
not contain the laws. It does contain the laws,
and in their most interesting form. It contains
them as early as they are introduced, with the
amendments moved, and the comments of mem-
bers and Senators upon them. It contains the
laws, the debates, and the votes upon the laws, in
a shape that enables people to understand them.
And if we desire to give the people early informa-
tion, and to give it to them in a shape in which it
can be understood, we can do it in no other way,
in my judgment, so readily as is proposed through
the medium of this publication.
The postage charged upon this work is more
than the price of the work itself, and that neces-
sarily prevents hundreds and thousands of per-
sons from subscribing to it.
Mr. I3RODHEAD. At this point of the gen-
tleman's remarks T would like to make an inquiry.
I would like to know whether the proprietor of
this paper cannot now send it through the mails
in numbers to subscribers? Do not subscribers
now receive it, paying no more than newspaper
postage?
Mr. 33UFGHT. I will reply to the gentleman 'a
question hy stating what is my understanding of
the matter. I understand that the paper on which
the work is printed is of a weight requiring the
payment of a large amount of extra postage.
While the paper costs three dollars a year, I un-
derstand that the extra postage is over four dollars
a year; that is, the extra postage is greater than
the amount charged by the proprietor for the pa-
per. Besides, this is not a political paper. I ask
the gentleman to turn to a number of it, contain-
ing an advertisement, a political allusion, or any-
thing that is not germane to the proceedings of
Congress. Hecannotdo it. It is a correct, suc-
cinct, straightforward statement of the proceed-
ingsofeach House every day. I voted, on Fri-
day Isst, to relieve it of this tax, believing that I
was benefiting the mass of the people, and"not the
proprietor. For that reason I shall vote against
the reconsideration.
Mr. }3A.DGr£R. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has stated that j
he has called for the yeas and nays on the motion j
to reconsider, in order to make the vote on that j
question a test vote. So far as I am concerned, I
shall not vote upon it as a test question. 1 am
strongly inclined to the opinion that some measure
of relief is proper with respect to the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix. Indeed, I think that
is very clear. But suggestions have been thrown
out, which are entitled to very great weight and
consideration, whether this joint resolution pro-
poses the proper measure of relief; and even if the
measure of relief is in itself proper, whether some
safeguards are not necessary to be appended to the
resolution to guard against any abuse. This is,
therefore, I think, a very clear and proper case for
a reconsideration, in order to bring the subject
again within the power of the Senate. In voting
for the reconsideration, I express no disposition
to vote against some proper measure of relief for
the Congressional Globe and Appendix.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution was passed, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Brodiiead, .Butler, Clmse, Clarke, Davis, Dodiie of fowa,
Doujrlas, Huotei, King, Miller, Sonic, Spnian^e, Toucey,
and Underwood—]a.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bnaht, Brooke, Cas«, Charl-
ton, Cleinoiib, Dawson, Do Ssuissure, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Felch, Foot, Gwnij Hamlin, Houston, Jonos of Jowa, ATul-
loiy, Mmwefhor, Morton, Norrife, Rusk, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Shields, Sumnei, ITpham, Wade, Walker, and Wel-
loi—98.
ORDER OF BUSINESS RIVER AND HARBOR
BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
(t making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
4 for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
* dian tiibes,for the year ending June 30th, 1853."
I understand that the House have agreed to our
amendment to the resolution for adjournment,
thus fixing the day for the 31st of this month.
That being the ease, I think we ought to go on
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion until the river and harbor bill,
which lies on the table, can be taken up, read a
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It is a bill which will require some
time for that committee to consider it, and I hope
it will now be taken up and refetred.
Mr. HUNTER. If it could be referred at
once, I should make no objection; but I think it
will give rise to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there will be no debate
now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there will be no debate
on the simple question of reference.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia to postpone
the prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow me to submit a motion to take up
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist on the question
being taken on my motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I hope the Senate will
vote down the motion, for the purpose of taking
up the river and harbor bill.
The motion to take up the Indian appropriation
bill was not agreed to, til ere being, on a division—
ayes 18, noes 20.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move now to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
of the House of Representatives, u making ap-
propriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers."
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have an amendment, in
the form of an additional section, which I propose
to offer when the bill comes up. I ask leave now
to lay it on the table informally, in order that it
may be printed.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, it will be received informally, and or-
dered to be printed.
There was no objection. The motion to refer
was agreed to.
TEXAN DEBT.
Mr. TOUCEY. I ask that the motion to re-
consider the vote referring the memorial of James
Hamilton, for himself and others, to a select com-
mittee, be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the morion to re-
consider the said vote.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, at the request
of a Senator—a member of the Committee on
Finance—I have submitted a motion for the re-
consideration of the vote referring the memorial of
James Hamilton to a select committee. I moved
to refer the memorial to a select committee, on the
ground that it was an isolated proposition. I was
aware that there were petitions praying that Con-
gress would assume the debts of Texas, and per-
haps one or two of a different character, which
have been referred to the Committee on Finance.
But this proposition is merely that Congress shall
modify the proviso in the boundary act, so that
those creditors of the State of Texas who are will-
ing to receive their debts and discharge them, may
have an opportunity to do so without being de-
pendent upon one other, or any number of other
creditors who may be unwilling to do so. It
struck me that this was a proposition by itself,
which it was proper should be refencd to a select
committee. But, at the request o'f a Senator, I
have submitted a motion to reconsider the vote
referring it to a select committee.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President. I understand
the distinct proposition now is to refer this memo-
rial to a select committee. 1 shall vote for that
reference; but it is proper that I should say here
that I have learned from sources to be relied on,
1 that the Committee on Finance, or some of the
members of that committee, have supposed that
General Hamilton, in making this application,
either intended some disrespect to that comnittce
as a committee, or violated what they regaid as
parliamentary decorum. I can assure every mem-
ber of that committee that General Hamilrnn had
not the most distant idea of violating parliament-
ary courtesy, or of showing any personal disre-
spect to the members of that committee.
General Hamilton represents constituents who
claim about §2,000,000; and I believe that, in the
course he has taken, he has consulted entirely the
dictates of duty. I believe it has been his object
to reach, under the dictates of his duty, the justice
of the case as far as his constituents are con-
cerned.
Sir, 1 do not see why the Committee on Fi-
nance should claim, as a matter of right, jurisdic-
tion over this subject. If General Hamilton sup-
posed for a moment that they were to decide
against him by a foregone conclusion, he would
not consult his duty to his constituents if he were
not to have his memorial referred to a committee
that would give him a hearing. I do not know
how that is; but I rose merely to assure the Com-
mittee on Finance that it was not his purpose in
any way to violate any of the usages of this
body, or to show any disrespeo.t, to that commit-
tee. But he was bound, under the highest obli-
gations of duty, to place this matter in a situation
where he could have justice done according to his
views.
I am not going now to debate the question
whether the creditors of Texas, who ask the favor
of leceiving their money and being dismissed,are
to be controlled by those who say, "You shall
not receive your money, and shall not be dis-
missed.^ Why, sir, if they are to be placed in
that situation, it is high time that General Ham-
ilton should seek another committee. He stands
in that way before the community, endeavoring to
have justice done to his constituents, according to
the judgment of Texas, and their own views in
accepting the money, which is provided for them,
and which is in the Treasury.
I presume that a select committee would be
quite as impartial as the Finance Committee. I
have no imputations to make upon any commit-
tee; but the question which General Hamilton has
raised is altogether a new question. The matters
they have before the Committee on Finance, 1
believe, do not touch the specific question which
he puts. All that he can say is in the spirit of that
interrogatory—Doth our law judge any man be-
fore it hear him, and know what he doeth ?" Pie
wishes to have a committee that will hear him.
It seems to me that this is a modest request. I
may have occasion to say something hereafter in
regard to the matter, but I say now, in the utmost
fairness to all concerned, that it is very desirable
that this should be disposed of, not as a political
question, not as a mere money question; hut. it
