THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32n Cowghess, 1st
TUESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1859.
New Series....No." 128.
should be disposed of according to those rules j
which shoujd regulate a court of justice. ;
Mr.President,aslongasthegrantof$10,000,000 j
to Texas assumed a political aspect and complex- j
ion, you know what were my opinions upon it, i
and my relations to it. I do not hesitate now to !
say that 1 believe it was the fulcrum upon which \
the lever of the compromise rested. I do not hes- j
itate to say that I opposed it because I believed it 1
was a most efficient means of bringing about that I
compromise—a compromise that will be violated j
as soon as there is a temptation to the strong !
to do it. But that is out of the question now, and
therefore it is that I look upon this matter with a .
view to right and justice as far as regards a dis-
tribution of the money which was appropriated
for the benefit of the creditors. General Hamilton
has asked this favor, and I think it reasonable. 1
may not understand what are the views of the
Committee on Finance, and 1 ought not to an'ici-
pate them; but I wish to hear if dtty objection can
be made to referring the matter to a select com-
mittee, or whether it can be asserted that the Fi-
nance Committee has any prior right to jurisdic-
tion over the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I desire to
correct the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina in one particular, and that is in reference to
the question which, among others, has been sub-
mitted to the Committee on Finance. There are
memorials before that committee directing their
attention to the very question presented by the
memorial of General Hamilton. Numerous me-
morials have been presented during the session in
regard to this complicated subject, all of which
have been referred to the Committee on Finance,
one of the regular committees of this body. That
committee have been engaged, during the last
three or four months, every week, more or less,
in examining those memorials. They have de-
cided, by a regular vote, upon the very question
presented by the memorial of General Hamil-
ton, and that is as to the propriety of repealing
the proviso of the boundary act, which retains
^5,000,000 of the debt of Texas in the Treasury.
The committee were, four to one, of the opinion
that the prayer ought not to be granted; and the
honorable Senator from Maryland [tMr. Peauce]
was directed to prepare a report in accordance
with this decision, and to report a bill declaring
what the committee were in favor of.
Now, sir, I submit to the Senate whether it is
right—whether it is proper to take the business
from a regular standing committee of the body,
after they have agreed upon a report, and before
that report is submitted to the Senate, and refer it
to a select committee? After the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland shall have made a report, it
would be proper for the Senate, if they disagree
to the report, to vote it down and adopt the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman who petitions
us here. But until that is done, I think it would
be unparliamentary—it would be doing injustice
to the committee who have the matter in charge,
and have been months laboring upon it, to take it
from them and refer it to a select committee. If jj
it be in order, I move to refer the memorial to the \\
Committee on Finance, where all the other papers |j
relative to the subject now are. I1
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to j|
the honorable Senator that the first question is on l!
reconsidering the vote by which the memorial was ij
referred to a select committee. If that voteshould 1
be reconsidered, it will then be in the power of
the Senator to make any other motion with regard
to it.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the yeas and nays on the
motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER called for the reading of the me-
morial, and it was read.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I know the diffi-
culty under which I shall labor in being heard by
the Senate. The impatience with which they list-
ened to the reading of the memorial of General
Hamilton admonishes me that, in the few remarks
I desire to make, I shall, pehaps, meet with but
128
very little attention. I cannot blame the Senate,
because we are now thrown into the last month
of the session with most important business upon
our hands.
I do not regard the presentation of the memo-
rai of General Hamilton, and its reference to a
special committee of this body as at all reflecting
on the Committee on Finance. I think if the
members of that committee will themselves review
the matter, when all things are considered, they
will not regard it as at all reflecting upon them; if
I thought it did reflect upon them, as a matter of
; course I should be the last man in this body who
i would do anything which 1 regarded as offering
: any discourtesy to that committee, or any one of
I its members. But if I am correctly informed as
! to what that committee have agreed upon, 1 shall
j offer a strenuous opposition to the adoption of the
: report which I understand they are about to make,
j 1 shall be bound to do that; first, because 1 do not
I believe that the committee are correct; and in the
j next place, because, if what I have heaid of the
! report be correct, it will reflect upon the State I
{ represent, and greatly embarrass an already com-
: plicated question which I hope to see soon settled
j fairly.
! Sir, that we are thrown into this discussion now
I is no fault of mine. Upwards of six months ago
| several memorials were presented upon the sub-
jjectof the Texas debt, many of them reflecting
j upon that State; and they were then referred to
j the Committee on Finance. I knew it was a mat-
! ter of feeling in the State of Texas; I knew it was
: a matter of feeling amongst the creditors of the !
: Sfate of Texas; ! knew it was a matter very much
j attended to by the letter-writers; I knew that
Texas was commented upon by the newspapers;
i and [got up here in my place then and bested •
! the committee to furnish us with a leport by which i
| the whole question of this debt and this reserva-
tion would be brought before us, in order that,
j while we had time, the matter could be coolly and
! calmly discussed. We have no such time now.
It is a long case, and a complicated one—one |
which requires a good deal of thinking in order to •
come to a right conclusion. In the first place, in j
the boundary act there was inserted a proviso that ]
$5,000,000 of the $10,000,000 granted to the State j
of Texas for a large amount of domain should be |
reserved in the Treasury till the claimants filed \
their releases to the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a point of order.
This is a simple question of reference. Whenever
the committee shall report, it will be in the power
of the Senator to speak as to the merits of the case.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. RUSK. I am offering reasons why the
vote should not be reconsidered.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion to reconsider the
motion to refer cannot open a wider question of
debate than the original motion to refer; and I im-
agine that this debate wou'd not be in order under
the original motion to refer. My object is to save
time. We have appropriation bills before us upon
which we ought to act. 1 should be very happy
to hear the Senator when the committee reports.
Mr. RUSK. Will the honorable Senator, as a
member of the Committee on Finance, tell me
when they will report? I have understood that
they have been ready to report for three weeks;
and they have had tlie papers in the case for six
months; that is long enough, in all conscience, for
Texas to remain silent under the imputations cast
upon her.
Mr. GWIN. I will make another suggestion
to the Senator from Texas. The Committee on
Finance have referred that subject to one of its
members, and he is not now present. If there is
any charge to be brought against the Committee
on Finance, it must affect particularly that mem-
ber. I hope the Senator, therefore will agree to
let the subject go over till to-morrow, when that |
Senator will be m his seat.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BUTLER. I am perfectly willing to let it
go over till to morrow; but I give notice that when
it comes up, I shall not yield to any other consid-
erations than a sense of justice, but shall discuss
it as long as 1 please.
Mr. GW1N. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
private land claims in California.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceed-
ed, as m Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill supplementary to the act approved March 3,
1&53, entitled " An act to ascertain and settle pri-
vate land claims in California," winch was re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. G VV IN said: This bill, Mr. President, is one
of a series of measures which 1 have proposed, to
settle land claims in California, bring the agricul-
tural lands in that State into cultivation, and to
secure our citizens in the uninterrupted occupancy
of the gold mines.
My policy may be classed under three heads:
The 1st contained in the act of the 3d of March,
1851, to examine and settle land claims in Califor-
nia, of which the measure now under consideration
may be considered a part.
2d. To grant donations of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators, with large grants
| for the use of schools; and
3d. Leave the gold mines undisturbed by Con-
gressional legislation.
With the exception of this bill, my views have
been sustained by the Senate with great unanim-
ity. It is true, my donation measuie was changed
into a preemption bill, for reasons 1 stated at the
tune it was under consideration, with the distinct
decimation that if the "homestead bill" did not
pass, I should introduce a proposition changing
the preemptions m California into donations. My
object was to give the rights of property to the
settlers in California with "the least possible delay,
and the preemption act which passed the Senate
has done that in the most effectual manner.
The measure now under consideration is for
the benefit of another class of settlers, and as it
has not met with the sanction of the Land Com-
mittee of the Senate, and has been subjected to
severe animadversion in California, I propose to
review my course in this body, show its consist-
ency, and establish Us justice to every class of my
constituents. The claimants under foreign land
titles, the miners, and settlers on the public lands
have been cared for, and the class to be protected
by this bill, are the only citizens of California who
are thus far left without the protecting shield of
this Government. Their claims are founded on
justice and equity, as I will show, and whether
this bill passes or not, they will assert their rights
under the pr emption act which has passed this
body, and will become a law, and their rights will
be protected before the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. They may be forced, by the rejection
of this measure, into a fierce contest with the
claimants under foreign titles, but their ultimate
triumph is certain, or we must reverse the policy
and action of this Government from its organiza-
tion to the present time. The actual settler and
cultivator of the soil has been the favorite m our
iegislation ever since the adoption of the Consti-
tution. To them the nation has looked for its
power and greatness, and tt has not looked in vain.
While the policy of Spain, France, and Great
Britain permitted the building up great monopolies
of the public domain, the policy of the United
States is, and has been, to grant small tracts to
actual settlers and cultivators, and hence the cause
in part of the slow progress of colonization by
these Governments as compared to our ours.
I will now proceed to the examination of the
question before the Senate.
There is no subject, Mr. President, to which
my attention has been directed with more concern
since I became a member of the Senate of the
United States than the condition of the land titles
and claims m California. The necessity for their
speedy adjustment upon fair and liberal princi-
ples was too obvious to require comment', and the
