258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jsfi* 1
.some to-the officers,of the.Army, How many?
Two or three hundred. We want to give some
to the officers of the Navy. How many? Two
or three hundred copies. We want to send some
abroad—to Europe, for the purpose of dissemina-
ting a knowledge of our coast in that country.
How many? A thousand copies. They had not
yet reached two thousand copies. What other
sources do you desire to supply? _We desire
to supply the colleges and academies, schools
j^nd various institutions throughout the country.
How many? A thousand copies, I suppose.
Sill they have not reached three thousand. What
else do you desire to do with them? Well, for
"general aistribution. Under the general head of
"&C." we have allowed two or three thousand
copies. This Coast Survey will receive five thou-
sand copies from theSenate; andone thousand from
this House—six thousand copies in all for the use
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey. The
Senate will have five thousand copies—some sev-
enty or eighty to each member of that body.
And the Housefive thousand copies—some twenty
or thirty to each member. This number will
doubly supply all the institutions of the country;
it will supply all the purposes of education through
the country, unless you should include all the
two-mile district schools. It will supply all your
public libraries, and still there will be some one
or two thousand for miscellaneous distribution—if
you please.
The whole cost of these five or six thousand ex-
tra copies will be from seven to eight thousand
dollars—most likely eight thousand dollars. I
speak now of the extra copies, not of the oiiginal
cost of the plates, and the number to be printed
for each member. To this six thousand you must
add the iisrtal extra number—say one thousand—
and you will have seven thousand copies, and if
you get off with an expense of ten thousand dol-
lars you will do better than I expect.
I have nothing to say with respect to the utility
of this document, for l apprehend this House is
fully satisfied that thero is more or less public
utility in the distribution of this work; but 1 have
this to say, that I regard the argument which has
been used upon this lloor as potent, that the print-
ing of this country is becoming enormous. When
this country is informed that the printing for the
Government has increased from seventy or eighty
thousand, to a quarter of a million of dollars, they
will begin to call the representatives of the country
to an account. What has produced tins addition-
al expenditure of a quarter of a million of dollars ?
This, among other reasons, which I shall not
now enumeiate, is the main reason for my oppo-
sition to the publication of ten thousand copies of
this Coast Survey report. A strict investigation of
this whole question will dianel this idea winch has
got into the heads of members, that we need ten
thousand copies.
No college wants more than one copy, no acad-
emy wants more than one copy, an oJlicer in the
Army or Navy needs but one copy, the heads of
Department but one copy, to be placed in the pub-
lic Ubr.uies to which they have access. I repeat
again, that the number of this document published
1ms increased by one thousand copies each year
sincothis Coast Survey commenced. If we are to
jud«o the future by the past, the demand next
year will be for ten thousand copies. The argument
is urged by one of my friends from Kentucky [Mr.
JStantoxJ that our Government is increasing;
our institutions are increasing, our population is
increasing, and therefore the necessity for the in-
crease oflliis expense. I do not regard this argu-
ment as being at all a good one. I hope the amend-
ment Will "be voted down, and that the report of
the committee will be acceded to. If gentlemen
had taken the pains which I have, in investigating
this matter, they would not ask for the publica-
tion of more than the Coast Survey officers them-
selves ask for.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, a bill
making appropriations to meet the expenses incur-
red in consequence of the late" fire; which was pre-
sented to the Speaker, and received his signature.]
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] what 1
number the officers of the Coast Survey asked to
have printed ?
Mr. GORMAN". Eight thousand, as I under-
stand it.
The.resolution, the amendment, and the amend-
ment to the amendment were read for information.
The question being put upon the amendment of
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, to the amendment so as
to provide for the printing of ten thousand copies
for distribution by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, it was decided in the negative.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Evans; upon which
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Mr. Stephens, of Geor-
gia. aiid Mr. Hamilton were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported—
ayes 66, noes 80.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question being then put upon the original
resolution, upon a division there were—ayes 134,
noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
CENSUS TABLES.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask leave to offer a resolu-
tion. If objection is made, I will move a suspen-
sion of the rules,
Mr. JACKSON. I rise to a point of order.
The question of order I make is this: that when
the call for the State of Georgia was made by the
Chair, a response was prevented by amotion from
a privileged committee, and that, consequently, it
is now in order for gentlemen from the State of
Georgia to respond.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware,
however, that on Monday it is in order to move
for a suspension of the rules. The gentleman upon
the left of the Chair moves to suspend the rules.
Mr. JACKSON. I hope the rules will not be
suspended, that I may have the privilege 1 am en-
titled to.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Whereas the Superintendent of the Census has pub-
lished—in the Globe ofJauuaiy lht, 18:52—a clear and con-
doused report of the Census, containing a large amount of
valuable information :
And wheicas that information, now desired by the peo-
ple, cannot be had, m the oidinaiy couisc of punting, for a
long time to come, and then in limited and very inadequate
quantities: therefore w
Resolved ^ That the Committee on Punting be instructed to
order 100,000 copies of that icpoj t for the u&oof thin House,
piovided the cost hliall not exceed one cent per copy.
The question being put—on a division there were
—ayes 100, noes 48.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. OUTLAW called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, moved the House
adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
So the House adjourned.
NOTfCKS OF BILLS.
Mi. WASHBURN gave notice of intention to intioduce
the loHowimr hills:
An act making a grant of land to the State of Maine, m
aid ot the eonstiiiclion of the European and North Amen-
can Railway within said State.
An act m relation to invalid pensions.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions memorials, &c., were presented
tinder the rule, and reieired to the appropuate committees:
By Mr SCUDOT3R: The petition of Joseph Grinnoll and
others, meichants and insurers, of New Bedford, Massa-
chusetts, asking that one or more vessels of the United
States may be detailed for a survey or reconnois-ance
of such paits of the China sca^, Stiaits of Caspar, and
Java sea, as lie m the tracks of vessels proceeding to and
trom China.
Also, the petition of the heirs of the late Captain Rufus
Lincoln, of the Massachusetts Continental line, for com-
mutation pay, &c.
Al-o, permission was had under the lutes to withdraw
from the tiles of the House the petition of Jtussel Elliot and
other*, of Provineetown, Massachusetts, asking eompensa- I
tion for bringing a prisoner from Nova Scotia to Boston for ]
tual, and to lefci the same to the Committee on Commerce. J
Also, the petition of Levi Eldridge and others, of Chat-
ham, Ma^achusetts. asking an allowance of fishing boun-
ty m the schooner Haruet, lost at sea, be withdiawn from
the hies and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Al*o, that the petition of Atkins Dj'er, of Tiuro, Massa-
chusetts, foi a icturn of tonnage duty paid, be taken from
the file* and referred to Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. SMITH : The petition of John Band, praying a
pension for military service*.
Also, the petition of ft. M. Sheppard and others, praying
a post loute trom Fayette Couit-House, Alabama, to Re-
form.
By Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky: The petition of sundry .
citizens of Knox county, Kentucky, askins for the establish- j
raent of a mail route from Mount Welcome, in Clay coun- j
ty, Kentucky, via Flat Lick, Knox county, Kentucky, to ]
Boston, in Whitby county, Kentucky. j
Also,«the petition of sundry citizens of Owsley and Mor-
gan counties, Kentucky, asking the establishment ot a mail
route from Booneville, in Owsley county, via Duff's Store,
to Kazlegreen, m Morgan county.
By Mi. STANTOltf, of Ohiot-The petition of Joseph
Newell, of Ohio, praying that he may be authorised to sur-
render his title to a section of land west of the Mississippi,
and that scrip may issue to him authorizing hira to locate
other lands. .
By Mr. BRIGGS : The memorial of sundry merchants*
of New Yoik, Boston, Philadelphia, and^altlmore, praying
a return of duties paid by them during the year 1828.
By Mr. BARRERE : The petition of Lieut. U. S. Grant,
for losses sustained by him as commissary and regimental
quartermaster of fourth infantry at t*cubaya, Mexico, to-
gether with the proceedings of a court martial held at
Jalapa, Mexico, June 25,1848, and the proof of said losses
taken before said court.
Bv Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of Ed-
Ward Taylor, of Tennessee, piaymg Congress to grant him
a back pension.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvan'a: The memorial ot
officers, soldiers* seamen, marine^, &c., fiom Philadelphia,
asking a modification of the bounty land act ot September,
1850.
By Mr. IWHNS: The petition of Jabcz Hollingsworth,
L. Brenneman, and 23-2 otheis, citizens of Armstrong coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the freedom of the pub-
lic lands, and praying Congress to piovide for laying them
out in farms and lots for the free use of such citizens not
possessed of other lands, and that the jurisdiction of the
public lands be transferred to States or Territories on that
condition.
# IN" SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 185*2,
Prayer hy the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of ti e
Senate, showing the number of persons employed
in his office during the year 1851, and the com-
pensation allowed to each.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Oideicd, That it lie on the tabic and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a repoit of the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the Senate of December 99, 1851, information rel-
ative to the construction of a military road from
Fort Dodge to Dubuque, in Iowa, and the cost of
transporting munitions of war, provisions, &c.,
used at that fort from the Mississippi river; which
was read, and
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Military
Aflaus, and be punted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of theSenate,
with a statement of the payments from the con-
tingent fund of the Senate for the year ending No-
vember 30,1851; and,
On motion hy Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be punted.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented the proceedings of a
public meeting of citizens ofTrenton, New Jersey*
in favor of the intervention of the United States
in behalf of the people of Hungary; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of Am-
brose W. Thompson, proposing to enter into a
contract with the Postmaster General to convey
the mails between the United States ar.d Ireland in
first-class steamships; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of John A.
Lynch, praying compensation for his services as a
clerk in the Treasury Department; which, together
with the papers on the files of the Senate relating
to the same subject, were referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of John S.
Maunsell and William Parker, praying that a
register may be issued to them for the brig
" Sylphide;" which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Powell, by his
assignee, the New Orleans Canal and Banking
Company, praying the appointment of aboard to
revise the decisions of the late Board of Commis-
sioners for settling the claims of American citi-
zens against Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Nathan C. Folger, pray-
ing the appointment of a tribunal to review the
decisions of the late Board of Commissioners for
