2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Senate will bear me witness that I spared no effort,
from my entrance into this body, to secure the
passage of a law, so general and comprehensive in
its provisions that it would do justice to all classes
of titles and claims in our State.
Had the United States by the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo succeeded a nation in sovereignty,
in whose territory, and among whose people the
machinery of political and social institutions were
in such full operation that all the land titles de-
rived from Spain or Mexico had been consum-
mated, and were perfect" before the Mexican ,
Government had abdicated, no legislation of Con-
gress would havp been necessary to adjust and
settle our land claims. No higher sanction or
guarantee could be given to any title of that de-
scription than the treaty itself, the supreme law
of the land, and consequently no act of Congress
nor any judicial affirmance could impart addition-
al strength, vigor, or security to any perfect grant,
which, as the highest evidence of title that could
exist, would, be sufficient to vindicate the owner's
right of property in any controversy which might
arise before the courts of the country. Had this
been the condition of our landed interests when
California became an integral part of the Ameri-
can Union, the interposition of Congress would
have been as unnecessary as it was in respect to
titles in the town of Boston after the Declaration of
Independence, or subsequent to the definite treaty
of peace in 1783. But how wholly different were
the titles in California at the period of its acqui-
sition by this Government! The cause of this is
plainly seen in the fact of the distance and isola-
tion of the territory from the seat of the viceroy-
aky of New Spain, the languid management of
political affairs, the entire absence of commerce
and revenue, and consequent tardy settlement of
the country.
The i evolution that terminated the authority of
Old Spain, led to but little improvement in this
respect. The intercourse between the Supreme
Government at the capital of the Republic and its
distant department was irregular and unfrequent.
The authorities of Old Spain, a« shown by the first
instructions of the Viceroy Bucareli in 1773, re-
specting the distribution of lands, and the regula-
tions sanctioned by a royal order in 1781, estab-
lished a system, the object of which was to
promote white settlements, and, through the in-
strumentality of religious missionaries, to domes-
ticate and civilize the Indians, To accomplish
this object, the power was delegated and exercised
of granting small lots for cultivation and inhabita-
tion, and this policy, with modifications, was
continued and enlarged by the decrees of the
Mexican Congress in 1824, and the regulations of
1836 for colonizing the territories of the Republic.
Yet the written histories of California show how
slow was the progress of population arid settle-
ment, and how limited was the development by
actual cultivation of the agricultural capacities of
the country; for we find that in the year 1831 the i
white population of Upper California did not ex- j
ceed 4 50O  and that of the Indians in the twenty- |
one missions J9.000; and the whole grain produc- i
lion"* of the country m that year was only 40,200 j
fancies,) oi 115,500 bushels. It appears, j
nlso, that tlifrr was no increase of population in ;
l83o, and thru in 1S42[. it had increased to 7,000-, j
and in 1845 to 15,000, with 4,000 domesticated j
Indians; and that at the close of the year 1847,
being about a year and a half after the American
flac: was hoisted at Monterey, the number of in-
habitants, exclusive of the wandering tribes, was
16 o00 whites§ and 4,O00 domesticated Indians.
When we consider the sparseness of the popu-
lation of the country at different periods under the
Spanish and Mexican rule, and at the last change
of Government, its meager quantity of grain pro-
ductions in consequence of the very limited extent
of actual cultivation, and that the exercise of the '
granting power for agricultural purposes was of!
course regulated and restricted to the wants and j
demands of the people, we may readily conclude j
* Foibes\« California, page201, I
f Fnrbe.s's. Cahlornia, pasje 260. i
\ Hratisfie* m Bryant's California, page-115. '
^ rcjjoit of 17th Juiv, 1848, of Mr. Buchanan. Secre- '
tary of Stare, (Ex Doc. No. 70, 1st sees. 30th Cong.,) in i
aihWfi to a isolation of the House of Representatives, in
•*l)ieli hi? jopoif as fo Use population of the country m 1845 ,
isha-nlnn the climates of our late Consuls at Mazatlan
and Monterey, and on a statement of Colonel Fremont, as ;
to the population at the close of the year 1847.
how inconsiderable must have been the area of
lands held for cultivation in California under the
laws of Spain and Mexico. This class of titles is
beyond the reach of difficulty, because there is
no interference with them, and their validity will
never be disputed. But there is a class of large
claims, honest in their inception, generally of
more recent oiigin, which were conceded for pas-
toral purposes or cattle ranges, and still another
class, wholly illegal, false and fraudulent in their
inception.
We were admonished of this state of affairs just
before and after the ratification of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, for we find in the testimony
taken by the Military Committee of the Senate of
the United States, in February, 1848, (Sen. Rep.
Com., No. 75, 1st sess. 30th Cong.,) to which I
have alluded on a previous occasion, it is stated
from '* credible report," that "the California
authorities were granting and selling the missions
and the public domains;" that "in some cases
4 these lands were so conveyed simply as grants,
4 in others as rewards for services lendered to the
4 Government, and in others for amounts of money
4 that had been advanced or were paid to the Gov-
4 eminent;" that " in this way nearly all the mis-
4 sions south of San Luis Obispo, the mission of
4 San Raphael, in Sonoma, and some of the large
* islands on the coast were granted;" that "many
6 of these were hastily made, without the usual !e-
* gal forms,and wanted the usuallegal formalities,"
and that these mission grants il ought not to be
considered valid," and that there were "in the
public archives deeds and titles of some of the
lands which were so conveyed away by the gov-
ernment of the Territory." About nine months
after the ratification of the treaty was exchanged,
we find it stated in the official report, bearing date
March 1, 1849, of the Secretary of State for the
Territory, that 44 a large number of land titles in
California are very indefinite with respect to
boundaries, the grants being for so many c sitios,'
4 criaderos,' &c., lying between certain hills,
streams, &c., as shown by rough sketches attached
to petitions;" that44 these sketches frequently con-
tain double the amount of land included in the
grants. And even now very few of these grants
have been surveyed or their boundaries definitely
fixed," that 44 some of the land titles given by the
Californian government contain conditions respect-
ing their sale, &c., which are not only onerous to !
the holders, but contrary to the spirit of our laws;"
that these "onerous conditions should be removed
by act of Congress;" that " a number of the grants
of land made by the Governois of California have
never been confirmed by the Territorial Legisla-
ture;"that" in some casesthat body has positively ;
refused its approbation "—in some cases it had j
" merely declined to act until furnished with cer- j
4 tain information respecting the amount asked for, |
4 its boundaries, &c.; in others again, the petition, !
4 though before the Legislature, was not reached j
4 previous to its final adjournment in July, I84t>; j
4 and it is probable that some of these titles through
4 carelessness were never submitted to that body
4 for approval," and it had 44 been alleged by very
4 respectable authority, that certain titles to land
4 were given by Governor Pico after the United
4 Slates had taken possession of the country, and j
4 made to bear date piior to the 7th of July, 1846;"
that44 these grants have, of course, never been con-
4 firmed by the Territorial Legislature, for that
4 body adjourned on the 8th of July, the day after
4 our flag was raised at Monterey; nor have they
4 been recorded in any book of records among the
'government archives, although, it is said, they
* purport to be so recordedthat44 in settling land
4 titles in this country, a broad distinction should
4 be made between titles of this kind, and those
4 which were given in good faith by the California
4 Governors, previous to our taking possession of :
4 this country, but which have failed to receive the
i 4 requisite confirmation for want of action on the
j 4partoftheTerritorial Legislature/'(Ex. Doc. No.
j 17, 1st sess. 31st Cong., p. 122;) and (page 129)
| 44 that the mission tends and other property which
f have not been sold in accordance with the provis- .
4 ions of law, are still the property of the Govern-
4 ment, and may be disposed of accordingly*," that
44 s.uch was the legal condition of the missions of
4 California, when on the 7th of July, 1846, the j
j 4 American flag was raised in Monterey, and the (
i 4 country taken formal possession of in the name of [
i 4 the United States;" that 44 soon after General!
44 Kearny assumed the civil government in Califor-
nia, representations were made to him, from the
4 most respectable sources, that the grants and sales
4 of mission property by Governor Pico, just as he
4 was leaving the country, were without the author-
4 ity of law, and that, though evidently made after
4 the 7th of July, 1846, they had been antedated
*in order to give them the semblance of legal-
4 ity;" that44 these titles were not recorded in the
4 usual books of records in the Government ar-
chives; but purported to be recorded in some
* other book, which as yet has never been found,7'
and that46 speculators had bought up these doubt-
ful titles, and now demanded to be put in posses-
sion of their property."
Yet, the 44 confidential agent" of this Govern-
ment, sent out by the Government in July, 1849,
reported in the face of all these facts, and of the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, defining what a 44 perfect grant" is, that
the land claims in California were 44 mostly per-
fect titles/"—as perfect a piece of imposture and
deception as was ever attempted to be practised at
the expense of Government, upon an enlightened
people, and designed, as subsequent events have
shown, for ulterior and sinister purposes, result-
ing in the establishment of an extensive scheme
of land monopoly, sustained by a vigorous and
numerous class of speculating adventurers, with
whom an issue is now to be made by the National
Legislature for the protection of the dearest per-
sonal rights of the people of California, and the
best interests of the Federal Government.
By the treaty of 1848 with Mexico, the abso-
lute fee in the soil of California passed to the Uni-
ted States, excepting such tracts as had been
carved out as private property by specific and
well-defined boundaries, and rested'upon consum-
mated or perfect titles. In the case of Wiggins,
at the January term in 1840 of the Supreme Court
of the United States, it is declared, in regard to
this class of titles, to be 44 the established doctrine
of this court," that they 44 are intrinsically
valid," and 44 need no sanction from the legisla-
tive or judicial departments of this country." But
what is the doctrine of that court in respect to
grants unaided by an actual survey to sever them
from the public domain, and as to their standing
in court in an action of ejectment?
In the case of the United States vs. Kin get in
1845, the validity of an instrument of writing in
the nature of a grant for certain land from the
Spanish Governor-general of Louisiana, came un-
der investigation, and its validity as against the
title of this Government to the same land, under
the treaty ceding Louisiana to the United States,
was discussed and considered. The Supreme
Court, referring to the grant from the Governor-
general of the province, held that it had not the
44 aid of any authentic survey to ascertain and fix
the limits of the land, and to determine its loca-
tion;" that44 the instruments themselves contain
4 no lines or boundaries, whereby any definite and
4 specific parcel of land was severed from the pub-
4 lie domain;" and declared that 44 it has been set-
4 tied by repeated decisions in this court, and in
4 cases, too, where the instruments contained clear
4 words of grant, that if the description was vague
4 and indefinite," as in that case,44 and there was
4 no official survey to give it a certain location,
4 it could create no right of property in any par-
  ticular parcel of land, which could be maintained
4 in a court of justice." At the same time the
court referred to several decisions in which this
doctrine had been advanced, and stated that,44 af-
4 ter such repeated decisions upon the subject, all
4 affirming the same doctrine, the question cannot
4 be considered an open one in this court;" that
44 the land claimed was not severed from the pub-
4 lie domain by the Spanish authorities, and set
4 apart as private property, and consequently it
4 passed to the United States by the treaty which
4 ceded to them all the public and unappropriated
4 lands;" that44 if these instruments were regarded
as grants, and it" appeared that 44 the original
4 claimant had originally selected this very dis-
4 trict as the place were the grant was intended to
4 be located; and emigrants introduced by him had
4 been settled upon it in performance of the con-
4 ditions of his contract; and if it had been held
4 that he had thereby acquired an equitable right
4 to have the quantity of land mentioned in the
4 paper of 1797, laid off to him at this place, still
4 it would be no defense against the United
