1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
* States." The court then referred to the cases
of Chouteau vs. Echhart, and Hicky rs. Stewart,
in regard to imperfect titles, and stated that 44 these
4 decisions stand upon the ground that such titles
* are not confirmed by the treaty itself, so as to
6 bring; them within judicial cognizance and au-
4 thority;" that it44 rests with the political depart-
* ment of the Government to determine how and
4 by what tribunals justice should be done to per-
4 sony claiming such rights;" that " if, therefore,
4 this controversy was in a court of equity, and no
* suspicion of fraud rested upon the claim, yet it
* could not be supported against a grantee of the
* United States, because Congress has not con-
4 firmed nor authorized any other tribunal to de-
* termme upon its validity;" butthat the case then
under consideration was " in a court of law, the
petitory action brought by the United States,"
being 44 in the nature of an action of ejectment, in
* which the decision must depend on the legal
* title, and that title under the treaty of cession
* being in the United States, an equitable title, if
4 the defendant in error could show one, would be
* no defense."
This, and other decisions bearing with equal
force upon the same point, establish the doctrine
beyond controversy, that in no case m which a
claimant has not a complete legal title from the
former Government, can he sustain a claim in a
court of law to a specific parcel of land against
the United States, or against any settler who may
hold a title from this Government. What control
then does Congress have over the subject, and
what, in the opinion of the court, are its obliga-
tions and duties?
In the case of Chouteau vs. Eckhart, the court
held in regard to incomplete titles derived from
the Spanish authorities to land in Upper Louisi-
ana, that Congress "acted as the successor of the
* general mtendency, and had the same discretion
* to confirm, and the sovereign power to perfect the
* incipient right, or to reject it, that the Intendent
* General had, each exercising sovereign power in
* regard to the claim, with full authority to award,
4 or to refuse a perfect title,"—sanctioning and
adopting at the same time fhedoctrine of the Mis-
souri courts, which maintained that such inchoate
claims 44 were not changed in their character by
4 the treaty by which Louisiana was acquired;
* that the treaty imposed on this Government only
* a political obligation to perfect them, that this
* obligation, sacred as it may be, in any instance
4 cannot be enforced by any action of the judicial
6 tribunals, and that the legislation of Congress
* from 1804 to the present time has proceeded
* upon this construction of the treaty, as is mani-
4 fested hy the modes adopted to investigate the
* claims through boards of commissioners, and
* then acting on them by legislation,"
In the case of Les Bois vs. Bramell, it is main-
tained that 44 the granting power was in a great
* degree political, and altogether the exercise of
4 royal authority, and of course subject to no su-
* pervision but of the same high authority itself,"
that " by the treaty the United States assumed the
4 same exclusive right to deal with the title in their
4 political and sovereign capacity, nor could the
6 courts of justice be permitted to interfere,"—that,
44 if they could, and by their decrees complete the
* title, all power over the subject might have
' been defeated, not by the courts of the Union
* only, but by the State courts also,"—and, that
44 therefore the contemporary construction, and
4 practical understanding of the treaty for forty
4 years has been, that claims like the plaintiff's had
4 no standing in a court of justice until confirmed
4 by Congress or its authority."
But, in coming down to the recent decisions of
that high tribunal, where enlightened reason has
so clearly and conclusively expounded our obli-
gations and duties respecting foreign and incom-
plete titles, we find that in the case of Menard's
heirs vs. Massey, January term, 1S50, the court
treats of a state of things analogous, and almost
identical with that now under consideration. It is
assumed by the court, and truly, " that by the
4 third article of the treaty by which Louisiana
4 was acquired," (the same in terms with the ninth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,)
44 and by the laws of nations, the inhabitants of
6 the ceded territory were entitled to be maintained
4 and protected, in the free enjoyment of their
4 property. But in what property? To such an
6 interest in it, if land, as they had when the coun-
4 try changed owners; and that interest being of a
4 character requiring royal sanction before the Span-
4 ish Government would recognize it as divesting
(the public title, our Government, as the successor
4 of Spain to the public lands, gave the same con-
4 struction and effect to concessions and orders of
4 survey, holding that the title of the King's do-
4 main passed by treaty to the United States, not-
4 withstanding the existence of such concessions.
4 Yet, to the full extent of any equity in theclaim-
4 ants, the Govern ment adopted means to satisfy the
4 claims; and as the sovereign power could not be
4 sued as legal owner, boards of commissioners
4 were created, with liberal powers, to investigate
4 every description of claims, and report on them
4 to Congress, for the sanction of sovereign author-
4 ity; and by this means many claims were con-
4 firmed, the legal title added, and incipient conces-
sions completed into perfect and conclusive titles
4 against the Government. Then, again, Congress
4 ptovided that special courts should be organized,
4 in which the Government might be sued, m apre-
4 scribed form, and decrees be made for or against
4 claimants; but no suit could be maintained in an or-
4 dinary action of ejectment,or for title of any kind,
* on a concession and an order of survey, for want
4 of legal title to sustain it." That4 such claimants
4 were not regarded as owners of land until the real
4 title was delivered completed'—in the language of
4 the Spanish regulation No. 18. Had the courts
4 of justice been allowed to hold otherwise, and to
4 interfere in the matter, and to decree titles to
4 claimants in equity, or to enforce their claims at
'law, and oust the United States indirectly by
4 suing persons found on the land, little or no occa-
4 sion would have existed for boards or special
4 courts,to adjudgerespectingthevalidity of claims;
4 as the ordinary tribunals could have settled all
4 controversies under State laws, declaring such
4 claims cognizable in the State courts. It was
4 therefore manifest that claims resting on the in-
4 cipient steps must depend for their sanction and
4 completion upon the sovereign power; and to this
4 course claimants had no just cause to object, as
4 their condition was the same under the Spanish
4 Government." That 44 no standing, therefore, in
4 an ordinary judicial tribunal has ever been allowed
4 to these claims until Congress has confirmed them
4 and vested the legal title in the claimant. Such,
4 undoubtedly, is the doctrine assumed by our iegis-
' lation. To go no further, the act of May 26,
4 1824, allowing claimants a right to present their
4 claims m a court of justice, pronounces on their
4 true character."
Then, in the case of the United States v.?. Rey-
nas, January term, 1850, we have a clear exposi-
tion as to the class of titles which Congress au-
thorized the courts to adjudicate under the acts of
26th May, 1824, and 17th June, 1844, conferring
power on the courts in several States of the Union
to examine and confirm titles derived from the
Governments that preceded the United States in
sovereignty. In that case, it was insisted that the
petitioner, holding the evidences of a perfect title
from the Spanish authorities, was permitted to
show that he fell within the class of persons whose
rights are protected both by the treaty of 1800,
at St. Ildefonso, ceding the province to France,
and by the treaty of 1803, ceding it to the United
States; and who are specially referred to in the
act of 26th May, 1894, delegating power to the
judicial tribunals to confirm claims.
To this the Supreme Court responds, that 44 In
4 answer to this pretension of right under the act of
4 1824, it might perhaps be sufficient to observe,
4 that if this right be asserted in virtue of a perfect
4 Spanish title, it would seem to be comprised
4 neither within the mischief nor the remedy con-
4 templatedby the statute. The mischiefintended
4 to be provided for by the act of 1824, was the
4 inchoate or incomplete condition of titles having
4 a fair, just, and legal inception under either the
4 French or Spanish governments of Louisiana; but
4 which,by reason of theabdication orsupersedmg
4 of thosegovernments, and by that cause only, had
4 not been completed. The remedy was the per-
4 mission to bring such titles before the courts of the
4 United States, and thereto render them complete,
4 and to establish them by proof of the legality and
4 justice of their origin and character. Such, then,
' being the mischief declared, and such the remedy
4 provided by the statute, it is difficult to perceive
4 the reason or authority for bringing before the
4 courts,merely for supervision, titles alleged to be
4 already perfected under the unquestionable and
4 competent authority of either Spain or France.
4 With regard to titles so derived and so consum-
4 mated, there is no provision made by the statute.
4 None could be requisite; and there could, with
4 reference to such titles, be nothing for the courts
4 to act upon—nothing which it was competent for
4 them to consider." And in the case of the United-
States vs. Power's heirs, (11th Howard's Reports,
page 580, December term, 1850,) it is held by the
Supreme Court, in reference to the claim to Ship
Island, that if it 44 had found this to be a legal
4 and perfect title, then the rule laid down in the
4 case of Reynas, at the last term, would apply,
4 and compel it to dismiss the petition for want of
4 jurisdiction, because the act of 1824 did not con-
4fer power on the district courts to decide on
4 perfect grants."
We have here a full jxidicial exposition of the
scope and intent of the actof Congress of the 26th
of May, 1824, for the adjustment by the courts of
claims to lands founded on foreign titles in Mis-
souri and Arkansas, as extended to Florida by the
act of May 23, 1828, having been revived for JlJis-
souri and Jlrkansas by the act of June 17, 1844,
and extended to embrace similar titles in the States
of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. These and
other decisions of the same tribunal establish the
fact beyond controversy that the laws of Congress
for the investigation and confirmation of titles from
France, Spain, and Great Britain do not confer
jurisdiction on the courts to take cognizance of,
or act upon, any 44perfect title," because such
titles are already adjusted, being perfectly pro-
tected by the. treaty itself—that their jurisdiction
is only extended to inchoate titles or incomplete
concessions, and that the Congress of the United
States, as the successor of the authorities of the
former Governments, have a right to act with
these titles as they deem just and proper, either
by confirming them in whole or m part, accord-
ing to the extent of their equity; and carrying that
equity into a complete legal title, or where they
are destitute of merit rejecting them altogether, and
disposing of the land covered by them as portions
of the public domain.
These are the principles which have been laid
down, recognized, and promulgated by the highest
judicial tribunal known to our Constitution and
jaws, and were before Congress, and the people of
California, and the whole American Union, before
and at the passage of the act of March 3, 1851, to
" ascertain and settle the private land claims in
California." That is one of a series of measures
which I advocated with whatever zeal and ability
I could command, with the great object in view of
ascertaining and separating by survey every hon-
est Spanish or Mexican claim in California from
the public domain; so that we might deal with the
former according to the principles of equity and
good conscience; and with the latter by grunting
donations to meet the wants of our people. Now,
what are the lules prescribed by that act for the
guidance of the commissioners and the courts in
their decisions? It orders them by its 11th section
to be governed by the 44 treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
4 dalgo; by the law of nations—the laws, usages,
4 and customs of the Government from which the
4 claim is derived; the principles of equity, and the
4 decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
4 States, so far as they are applicable." Let us
inquire what the operations under this law must,
necessarily be upon all and 44 any town-lot, farm-
4 lot, or pasture-lot, held under a grant from any
'coiporation or town to which lands may have
4 been granted for the establishment of a town by
4 the Spanish or Mexican Government, or the
'lawful authorities thereof," or 44 to any city,
4 or town, or village-lot, which city, town, or
4 village existed on the 7th day of July, 1846."
We find by the fourteenth section it shields every
title of this class, and provides for its confirmation
m the simplest and easiest manner possible, by
ordering that the mere fact of the existence of
said town or village on the 7th July, 184G, 44 being
4 duly proved, shall be prima facie evidence of a
4 grant to such corporation, or to the individual
4 under whom the said lot-holders claim." The
production of proof, then, on the single point
mentioned, will operate to produce an absolute
confirmation of every 44 town-lot, farm-lot, or
pasture-lot" of that class in California; and the
decisions of the Land Board in that case, under
any right or just administration of the law, will
