1832.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the settlement of claims of American citizens
against Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Gabriel Villere, praying
indemnity for damages done to his property by
the American and British forces during the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of passed
midshipmen of the Navy, praying that a separate
grade may be established bylaw, with an increase
of pay, for that class of nava! officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Also, a petition of John West and others en-
gaged in the merchant and privateer service during
the last war with Great Britain, praying compen-
sation for loss of time and privations in conse-
quence of their capture and imprisonment by the
enemy; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, a petition of forward officers of the Navy,
^ praying an increase of pay, which was referred to
* the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Hugh Wallace Wormeley,
formerly an officer of the Navy, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordeied, That the memorial of Thomas Kennedy, on
fhe tiles of the Senate, bo referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of the Common Council oj Kcw Yoik
city, for expenses id oigamzmg, equipping, and subsisting
a regiment ot New York volunteers lor the Mexican war,
be referred to the Committee on Military Allans.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of L. Ralston,
on the iilec of the Senate, be withdrawn arid retcned to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of Edward Everett, late a sergeant in the
United States Army, reported back the same with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill fur ihe relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of the late Colonel Alexander
G. Morgan, reported back the same without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to increase the efficiency of
the Army by a retired list for disabled ofiicers, re-
ported back the same with amendments.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of the Virginia Woolen Company, reported
back the same without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
110) to purchase the stock owned by individuals
in the Louisville and Portland canal, and for other
-urposes; which was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. Ill) for
the relief of William A. Richmond; which was
read a first and second time by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. STOCKTON gave notive that he should
to-morrow, or on some early day thereafter, ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Postmas-
ter General to contract for carrying the mails be-
tween Jersey City and port of New York and
Oalway, in Ireland.
COMPENDIUM OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BRADBURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution providing for a compendium of the annual
public documents; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title. It is as follows:
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amcmain Congress assembled, That
the Pi evident be, and he hereby is authorized and reque?ted,
at the eommeneementof each future session ol Couare-ss, or
as soon thereafter as may be practicable, to cause to be pre-
pared & compendium of the public documents accompanying
the President's message, and of the reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the finances, and on commerce and navi-
gation a and of such other reports of any of the Secretaries
as may be of general interest, embracing only the more im-
portant portions thereof, for the purpose of being printed in
a single volume, as a substitute for the extra numbers of
said documents heretofore published.
Mr. BRADBURY- I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask the honorable Sen-
ator if that resolution ought not to be referred to
some committee ? It seems to me that there is a pro-
vision in the latter part of it which requires grave
consideration. It is whether, if that joint resolu-
tion becomes a law, it will nofrhave the eftect of
preventing the Senate from publishing these docu-
ments at large. I suggest that it should be re-
ferred.
Mr. BRADBURY. By reference to the phra-
seology of the resolution, it will be seen that it
will have no such effect. The resolution contem-
plates the preparation of a compendium of the
more material portions of the public documents in
order that they may he printed. Jt does not de-
clare that they shall be printed; but the number
of documents that shall be printed in full, and the
number of compendiums that will be printed,
will all be matters depending on the future action
of Congress. After the resolution is printed, if
any necessity shall arise for its examination it can
then be referred.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
and print it, was then agreed to.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. GrWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be au-
thorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be and they are heroby authorized to employ a
clerk.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, there is a bill
upon your table which jj^Hiaps more than any
other interests the public. If it can be taken up
I believe it will be passed in a few minutes. I al-
lude to the bill making bounty land warrants as-
signable. I hope it will be the pleasure of the
Senate to take it up, and to effect that object I
move that all previous orders be postponed.
Several Senators. It will lead to debate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe there are some
two or three resolutions on the calendar as un-
finished business, which should be first disposed
of. The honorable Senator from Virginia, I be-
lieve, thinks the bill which he mentions can be
taken up and passed without discussion. Now,
I happen to know that there are questions involved
in that bill which will not be disposed of without
considerable debate. Under these circumstances,
I hope that bill will not be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the motion for
the present, but give notice that on Monday next
I will renew it.
PRINTING THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution:
i(Be it resolved. 4 That the Joint Committee on Print-
ing he directed to contract with DoneL>on & Ann^tiong lor
printing the Census returns, upon such terms as the com-
mittee may de.em reasonable."
Which Mr. Smith had moved to amend by
substituting the following:
" It shall be tue duty of the Secretary of the Interior, in
confoimity with the piovisions of tbe act entitled ' An act
making appropriation* 'or the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 184-2,' approved on the 18th
May of said year, to contract for the composition and press-
work of copies of the returns of the {Seventh Census,
as the same are classified and arranged by said Secretary;
and in like manner to contract for ^o much paper and of
such quality as he shall deem proper for said work; and in
like manner to contract for binding said return* as printed
in hueh style as he may judge expedient; provided thepaity
to each of >-aid contiacts shall give such suiety. and said
paper and work shall be subject to such inspection, as said
Secretary shall require to msine a faithful performance of
the same."
Mr. BRIGHT proceeded to address the Senate
at some length in defence of the resolution, and !
in reply to the remarks of the Senator from Con- j
necticut, [Mr. Smith,] of yesterday. This speech J
will be found in the Appendix. '
Mr. SMITH. I wish to make a very few re- 1
marks in replv to my honorable friend from In- ;
MCA by
V
diana; and I am prompted to do so on account-of
the pergonal issue which ihy honorable friend
made with me last evening. That honbr&ble Sen-
ator saw fit to remark, that at the last sessioii of
Congress he understood me to take ground in th&
Senate in favor of giving the printingof the census
returns to apolitical press in this city—I-think he
named the Republic. I then suggested that he was
under an entire misapprehension upon that sub-
ject. I do not suppose that my honorable friend
intended to misrepresent my position hi that re*
gard. The truth is, that from the very outset of
this business, I have been utterly opposed tu:the
re-mtrodnction into Congress of the old practice of
dispensing the public printing, on any principle of
political favoritism; and it so happens that I find
myself on record, in a train of remarks submitted
to the Senate, in relation to this very subject of
printing the census returns, in which, views are
expressed, such as I had the honor to lay before
the Senate in the remarks which I made yesterday v
and I hope the Senate will indulge me in reading
from these remarks a few extracts, showing wha.fe
1 said. In the first extract which I will read, I
remarked as follows:
" I fully accord in the opinion which has been expressed
by my friends upon the other side of the Chamber, that the
time 1ms gone by for investing the head of any depart-
ment with an arbitiary discretion upon this subject of print-
ing."
And then again:
" Now, then, this committee has reported this bill, as I
have before remarked, containing the piovision of the old
law, and contemn" on the head of the Department of tho
Inteuor the aibitiaiy power of making a conti act with any
individual that he pleases, and upon anv terms that he may
see fit, without advertising, without competition. To any
such provision in tins bill, I am uttctly opposed—not that I
believe the honorable gentleman at the head of that Depart-
ment would abuse the trust thus confided in him; I am con-
vinced he will execute it with as much fidelity as any other
of the distinguished citizens of the country.
"Now, sir, in older to realize, or lather to carry out
what has been the policy of the Government for several
years pa**t, to wit: to have all the punting letout at con-
tract, and given to the lowest bidder, all that is required is
the addition of a few words to the clause of the twentieth
section."
The last clause reads thus:
" And further, as the returns are made, to cause the sanjp
to be classified and arranged in the best and most con-
venient manner foi use; and thousand copies thereof
to be printed lor distubution."
"Now, sir, it the amendment of my honoiable friend
shall fail, I shall propose to add to that clause these woids;
' On contract, as now piovided by law.5 That is to say, to
the lowest bidder."
And then, again, I remarked:
" I would say that 1 am not for subsidizing the press-of
the city, either the Wing or the Democratic press—either
the one or the other."
And again:
"As to the scheme of giving the printing, at this late
day. to the political press of this city, it is a proposition that
1 shall resist to the uttermost, and at all times."
And finally, I remarked:
" I am opposed to the existing system of printing. It
must be amended; and I trust that before the present Con-
gress is over, we may have some plan of doing the Con-
gressional printing which will secure accuiacy,good quality, 0
expedition, and all the other elements which are uuiUpens-
able to the transaction of business of Congress. I intend,
&ir, to resifet now, and at all times hereafter, the connection
of the public printing with the political pre>s of tlus cityy
whether upon the one side or the other. 1 therefore insitt
that the 51st section is exactly light; and with respect to
the piccedmg section, all that is required is simply the addi-
tion of foui or live words such as I have already bugge&ted
to the Senate."
Such, Mr. President, were my views then, as
they have been at all times; audi have resisted to
the uttermost, and on all occasions, the idea of
breaking up the existing policy of the two Houses
of Congress, and letting out the printing—either
the printing of Congress or the departmental print-
ing—to the lowest bidder. But I understand my
honorable friend from Indiana [Mr. Bright] to
say, that the amendment which I propose to his
resolution contemplates giving this printing to the
Secretary of the Interior, to be disposed of by him
arbitrarily and at his own discretion; or, in other
words, to confer upon him the power, if he should
see fit, to confer the execution of the work upon
some portion of the public press in the city. 1 re-
gret very much, Mr. President, that when I closed
my remarks yesterday, I did not move the print-
ing of this amendment; and when I consider the
character of my chirography, I will not complain-
that my honorable friend from Indiana £Mr.
Bright] should have entirely misapprehended the
character of this amendment. It does not, sir, pro-
