1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
an associate member of Congress in another <
House, is no gentleman.
And there is yet another allegation against me, .
Mr. Speaker, which descends, indeed, to low- j
water mark, and becomes amusing enough, if for ;
nothing else, at least for its originality. I have ;
had during a long political life many, very many, j
astonishing insinuations directed against me, both !
in my public and my private relations; but this I
am about to state bears off the palm, in freshness
and novelty. It has been alleged that much of my
political action has been affected by the fact, that
m my more youthful days, it was my misfortune
(or fortune, rather,) to suffer from that common
frailty of youth—the loss of my heart, but, alas !
on the wrong aide of the Potomac, and so have be-
come allied to the South by matrimonial connec-
tion. That certainly was a very grave crime, and
I plead guilty to the charge uttered against me,
and which continues to be uttered against me in
the Northern States. But a charge of far higher
importance is made against me now, that I am
the owner of a carnage, or that I or my fam-
ily roll in luxury, with liveried servants, in the
streets of the metropolis. The author of this
charge has undoubtedly mistaken the carriage of
another member of Congress, who sometimes
kindly gives me a ride, for mine, for his imagina-
tion has invested a common-clad driver with a
livery. Such are my simple habits and tastes,
that 1 have never been in the carriage to which he
alludes but two or three times in my life; for I
much prefer, when I can get the time, walking to
riding to the Capitol. But what if I had livened
servants, and own up to the mighty fact? Well,
sir, I had rather be driven by a negro in livery,
than, a Southern man, be the liveried coachman of
Northern Abolitionists diiving an Abolition team
for the Presidency. [Appiuu.se.]
Such tiifles as these, however, Mr. Speaker,
could not liavf strung into print such a jewelry of
words aa I have before nu\ There inn"t have
been some other provocation than what appears
here in this letter of the New York Express, or
its editorial article. I know full well what it was.
It was the remarks which I made in the other end
of the Capitol, a few evenings since—remarks
which could have no effect out of that place, and
were, therefore, innoxious, because no reporters
were present, and because they could not go forth
to the country fiom the secrecy of that Chamber.
But when like sentiments and similar id* as were
published elsewhere, naturally enough those who
felt themsohes hurt within doors, became out-
rageous when these ideas got out, and they felt it
necessary to rise up, and, if possible, to overawe
me and break me down as a public, man. .Sir, it
will require much more than this fulmimmon, to
overawe me m the discharge of my public duties,
or to make me neglect, at all times, and upon all
occasions,fearlessly to utter iny sentiments of pub-
lic measures and public men. But the i^reat '•uiu'e
of this onset upon me, comes, 1 repeat, from what
I said in the other wmgof the Capitol. 1, then
and there, implored the presiding officer of th.it
convocation—if he was about to surrender me, to
surrender me and such as act with me, as prison-
ers of war—that we should have the soldier's honor
of being shot, and nor be Mining up on a gallows
erected by executioners educated at Christiana or
Syracuse—that when the halier was about my
neck, I should be taken by white men to the exe-
cution ground, and not be diagged there by ropes
in African hands. Thus much in reply to what I
believe really prompts this assault upon me.
One word more, before I sit down, in justice to
my Southern Whig; associates, who may have
misunderstood what I said here the other day in
the House, amid numerous interruptions, to'the
effect that the Southern Whig column falteied or
wavered, and that was the reason why Wing
Northern national men were depressed, and why
they staggered, and why there was an apparent
change from the action of the old Whig caucus, to
the record of the voteR made in this House. I
did not mean that the whole column faltered or
wavered, or any part of it, beyond the first shock
felt when its chosen head gave himself up, and us
Northern national Whigs, without stipulation or
condition, as set forth in a certain speech m the
United States Senate. He has been captured and
taken by the enemy, and is now in their posses-
sion; but—and I «ay it with delight—so far as
I know now, no Southern Whig of the column
1 wavers, but ali are true and faithful to the Constitu-
tion, and to the Northern men who were con-
| nected with them in the hour of trial. If there has
| been any misconstruction as regards that senti-
j ment, I withdrawit freely as to all of them. After
! that trying scene which occurred the other night,
j in the other wing of the Capitol, when the great
> body of the South felt if necessary to separate
j from us Northern Whigs, the sentiment of every
| Southern Whig who remained behind, and opened
; his mouth to speak, was, that Northern men
j should be protected, and that the pledges of the
compromise should be fully sustained, and that no
j candidate for the Presidency should be put forth
j who would not come out for the finality of these
i measures, and who would not stand recorded for
1 their finality, too.
Am I not right in this announcement of agen-
! eral Southern Whig public sentiment? It was
j due to us, Northern men, that we should have
such support from them; tor in that terrible hout
j of trial here, two sessions ago, our services were
j necessary for them, and they were given to them
] freely, with the implied, if not expressed under-
! standing, that they would protect us to the extent
i of their ability. Ever since that, we have been
j hunted down m the North, as the Missouri corn-
j promise men were, who acted with the South m
; 1820, under the lead of Mr. Clay, as we North-
ern Whigs acted under his lead in 1S50. But one
or two Northern members of Congress who voted
for that compromise, survived the political shock
of that day; nay, almost the whole of them were
buried in their political graves. If, therefore, we
feel unusually sensitive now, amidst the adverse
public opinion about us in the North, we must be
paidoned for our anxiety, as again and again we
demand countenance and protection, in carrying
out what a great mass of our people deem to be
an odious provision of the Constitution, or in
creating a sounder sentiment of respect for the ex-
ecution of that instrument in its very spirit and
letter. In demanding all this, with smcenty and
energy, we demand but what is our right, and
what it is your duty to give us. And if we can
have it cheerfully, unitedly, we can support our-
selves and our common Union upon the basis of
the Constitution. Without it, we must all become
the miserable victims of fanaticism and political
fury.
Mr. SACKETT. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. SMART. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, upon the special order.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to make a single
remark. I have not seen the article in the Globe.
Several Memhfks objected.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is too hue
for gentlemen to object now. There was an un-
derstanding that this matter should be permitted
to proceed.
Mr. STANLY. Gentlemen have not a right
to object. i will leave it to the Sneaker of the
House. [ have only a word to s.iy.
TheSPEAIiER. When the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] asked leave of the
House to make a personal explanation, the gen-
tleman fiom North Carolina [Mr. Stanxy] arose
and said that he had no objection, provided if the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] alluded
to any member upon this floor, that that member
should also have the privilegeof responding. The
Chair certainly thought that there was a tacit
assent upon the part of the House to that propo-
sition. The question arises now whether or not
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. St\n--
ly] has been so alluded to in the speech of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
" Mr. SWEETSER. The gcmlemanfrom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Ra.ntoi l] the other day proposed
to make n per^mnl explanation, but the gentleman
from North Carolina peiststed in objecting.
Mr. STANLY. I would rather have the gen-
tleman from Ohio object to anything [ may wish,
than not. I hone that gentleman will never ap-
prove of any effort of mine to do or to undo any-
thing. Have I the leave of the House to go on
or not ?
[Cries of " Go on!" " Go on!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide.
Mr. STANLY. With all respect, I insist that
the Chair muwt decide.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide, if
the gentleman will allow him, that there was—■—
Mr. STANLY. I beg pardon of the Chair, but
I insist most respectfully, that it is the duty of the
Chair to decide.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not intend to
say that he could not decide, but the gentleman
would not allow the Chair to say what his decis-
ion was. The Chair intended to say that he
could not decide whether it was the order of the
House, by unanimous consent, that the gentle-
man from North Carolina should be allowed to
make a speech.
Mr. STANLY. Will the Chair state, then,
what was the understanding of the House?
!j The SPEAKER. The Chair will agam state,
h that when thegentleman from New Yorkiose and
j! asked the unanimous consent of the House to
ij make a personal explanation, the gentleman from
jj North Carolina rose and said he must object, un-
j! less it was the understanding that if thegentleman
i I from New York referred to any gentleman on this
i1 floor—the Chair thinks that was the expression—■
11 that that gentleman should have aright to respond,
j i There wan a general expression—perhaps not uni-
11 versal—of assent to thatproposition, and the Chair
is free to say that the gentleman from North Car-
ii olina might well come to the conclusion that he
Sj had, under these circumstances, a right to make a
j! speech.
I1 Mr. SWEETSER- If the gentleman from
j • North Carolina will confine his remarks to the al-
'ilusion which was made to him, 1 certainly will
H make no objection. He is, perhaps, entitled to
that. But 1 shall object if he travels into a de-
fense of a certain gentleman at the other end of
the Capitol, who has been alluded to.
Mr. STANLY". [ would rather the gentleman
should object than not.
Mr. SWEETSER. If the gentleman from
North Carolina invites me to object, I will do it.
[Cues of 44Oh, no!'1]
Mr. STANLY. I shall not trespass long upon
the attention of the House. T regret exceedingly
ihe appearance of the speech in the Globe, which
has been referred to by the gentleman from New
York. I have not seen it or read it. Thegentle-
man from New York has said nothing at all which
calls for any personal reply on my part, and I
leave it to thegentleman who has been assailed to
take care of himself as he thinks proper, and as
he can, if he pleases. He does not ask or need
any defense. He would not thank me foi attempt-
ing it, for that would imply he needed it. He
has spoken m the Senate, to my regret, for I de-
precate all personal matters, both there and here.
If he needs any defense here—as I have been sit-
ting behind the gentleman from New York, and
could not. hear him distinctly—I call upon my col-
league, [Mr. Vexablk,] who represents his dis-
trict, to do it, or another colleague, [Mr. Cling*
„max,] who sat immediately in front of the gentle-
man fiom New York, and who, I suppose, is on
as friendly relations with that honorable Senator
as myself.
Both these gentlemen [Venable and Cliugman]
have heard what was said. 1 only want to say
this, that I deplore the existing state of things,
and these charges and counter-charges against
gentlemen in the Senate and in the House. I do
not know where we shall stop, if we begin to
reply to newspaoeis. 1 wish to say but one single
word, in all calmness, and without reflecting upon
, anybody. The only point in the speech of the
gentleman from New York, which touched me,
the other day—and which he^renerously withdrew
this morning, if I mulei stood him aright—was the
idea that Southern gentlemen4' wavered "upon this
question of the compromise acts, f felt hurt at
what i thought was a charge of infidelity to the
people who ha\e honoied me with their confidence;
and, as thegentleman from New York has referred
to a remark he made m the last Congress, of
" cooing" tones towards Southern men, and fierce
tone1* towards Northern men, I wdi say, that sev-
eral gentlemen were restrained from replying to
him in harsh terms, for the consideration that
their previous relations had been friendly with the
gentleman from New York, and that it was im-
proper to indulge in the c< fiercer" tones towards
gentlemen from his u latitude."
i The feelings I speak of animated me. To ac-
cuse a Southern man of wavering m that respect,
is to say that he is destitute of patriotism, personal
