2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
country at that time, as well as when under the
Government of Mexico; and it might be necessary
to the cultivation of these lands that large grants
should be made, for they were almost worthless,
and used chiefly for pastoral or grazing purposes.
jSuch a policy, however necessary or proper then,
would, beyond all question, be unwise and im-
politic now. The wants and necessities of our
people demand an entirely different policy, as we
are desirous to have as many landholders as pos-
sible.
By the terms of the treaty of peace, we agreed
to see that the people were protected m the enjoy-
ment of all their just rights. We have undertaken,
by the terms of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
to say that the people in California shall be pro-
tected in the free enjoyment of their legal and
equitable rights; that the title of their property
shall not be disturbed; in other words, that prop-
erty which they fairly and justly held under
Mexico, should be respected by us.
The first provision of the bill which my col-
league has submitted, is, that although the title
may be confirmed, if there be a defect or any
informality in that title, although the board of
commissioners may have decided in favor of it,
upon the principles of equity, yet if the settler
has occupied ana improved eighty acres, he shall
hold it; and the grantee shall have a floating
title given him to eighty acres elsewhere. I think
this would violate the spirit, if not the letter of
that treaty which we made with Mexico. Now,
I think if these grants are confirmed, the grantee
is entitled to the possession of the particular land
which is covered by that title. There may be
reasons why the original grant would be desired;
for we all know that we attach oftentimes a ficti-
tious value to property because of its location, its
natural position, or simply because it suits us. If
these grants have been made in good faith by the
proper authority, and have been occupied and en-
joyed by the proprietor, although he may not have
complied with all the technical provisions of the
law, I hold that it is the duty of the Government
to protect him in his right to the particular land
which is covered by his title.
There is the point in regard to which my col-
league and myself differ. There may be, and
probably there are,fraudulentgrantsin that coun-
try. There are many grants, 1 know, in Califor-
nia, the boundaries of which are indefinite, unde-
fined, and uncertain; and wherever a discretion is
left to be exercised in adjusting the boundaries, I
would have that discretion so exercised as to bring
down the grants to the very smallest portion, act-
ing upon the principle that it is against the public
policy that land should be held in large tracts.
But if the title be a good one, you are under the
highest of all obligations of apolitical character,
the plighted faith of the Government, to confirm
it. If it be fraudulent, or tinctured with fraud,
unjust, or of a doubtful character, it should be re-
jected. A Government, no more than an indi-
vidual, can maintain its character for integrity by
taking advantage of a mere technical defect in a
title.
There are titles which will be found incomplete
in bomc particulars. If there are substantial de-
fects the title must be rejected. In regard to the
grant made in the Suiaun valley, to which my
colleague has referred, I have only a remark to
lvhike. There are between two and three hundred
settlers there, and I believe the grant contains
some twenty-four thousand acres, a considerable
poition of which has been settled upon, and they
have had the undisturbed enjoyment of all the
fruits of that rich and valuable land for two years.
B^t 1 will not discuss the title to this grant, for
the reason that I am in the position of counsel
myself for the settlers, and must, as such, resist
in the courts the confirmation of it. It is not be-
coming in me, therefore, to express any opinion as
to the legality or validity of that title. But if it be
a good title, made by competent authority, and
the grantee took possession and improved in good
faith, and has complied with all the substantial
requisitions of the law, that board must con-
firm it. But what will be his position under this
bill if his title should be confirmed? He will find
all thtf land susceptible of cultivation in the occu-
pancy of other persons, and he must take his cer-
tificafe for twenty-four thousand acres, (if that be
the amount of the grant,) and locate it upon the
public domain. Could he find land as rich and
valuable unoccupied elsewhere in that State ? I
am confident he could not. Would this be a sub-
stantial compliance with the terms of the treaty,
"to maintain and protect him in the free enjoy-
ment of his property?" I think not. To compel
him to locate lands elsewhere than the place cov-
ered by his grant would, in my judgment, be a
violation of our treaty obligations. It would be a
breach of plighted faith.
This is the first time I have been compelled,
from a sense of duty, to differ with my colleague,
whose time and energies have been devoted to our
State. There is much, very much, in the argu-
ment of my colleague which receives my cordial
assent. I know the difficulties under which we
labor in that country, and it is natural that we
should sometimes be unable to see alike in respect
to the best method of meeting those diniculties.
But I do not wish to discuss this subject unless it
should be pressed upon the Senate. J?or the pres-
ent I only desire to put myself right before our
common constituency.
Mr. GWIJN". I wish to say a word in reply to
my colleague. I do not mean to go into the legal
argument of this question again, but I undertake
to say, that whenever the time arrives when he
gives us his views at length, I shall be able to de-
monstrate the truth of what I have asserted to-
day, that the board of commissioners created by
the law of the 3d March, 1851, according to thede-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
have no power to act on a perfect claim under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. If these are per-
fect claims, the treaty confirms them. I shall, if I
have not, establish beyond controversy, that by
the decision of the Supreme Court, such claims as
my colleague has referred to never have been adju-
dicated by a board of commissioners, and never
can be. If the commissioners in California decide
claims on the principle that they have jurisdiction
of perfect titles, their action will be reversed by
the Supreme Court. The claims they are to ad-
judicate are equities, and being so, come within
the political power of this Government. This
cannot be denied; and in that view I contend that
you should regard the equities of those who, by
their manual labor, have made the land valuable,
as well as the equities of large land claimants.
There are equities on both sides; and while I am
willing to extend equities to the few large owners
of land, I wish also to provide for the hundred
thousand citizens who have no lands at all. 1 have
stated here and elsewhere that every perfect claim
is confirmed independently of the board of com-
missioners by the treaty, which is the supreme
law of the land; but where there are imperfect
claims, I say that Government has the power of
controlling these equities so as to see that no in-
justice is done to the equities of the actual settler
and cultivator of the soil.
As to the hardships that will follow the passage
of this law, that is an old story. We have heard
the same time and again from a distinguished
member of this body, now no longer here, [Mr.
Benton.] He represented that the act of the 3d of
March, 1851, which contains the same principle
contended for in this bill, would despoil the peo-
ple of California of their property and drive
them out of the country in hopeless despair. But
in answer, I then said, and now repeat, the Mex-
ican inhabitants, with all these conflicts with their
land claims, are worth millions more than they
were before the country was annexed to the
United States; and if they have perfect titles they
will retain their lands; if they have incomplete
titles, they must rely on the equity in their favor
and not oppose similar equities to those who have
made the lands valuable oy occupation and culti-
vation.
My colleague says that many of these claims
are covered with settlers—that the claimants have
no land left. I know of but one such—that in
Suisun valley—and I believe it is the only one.
But suppose there are such cases; if the title is in-
complete, why should not the claimant go else-
where and get unappropriated agricultural land,
more than equal in value to those he claimed be-
fore they were made valuable by the labor of
American citizens? What did Suisun valley pro-
duce until these settlers commenced cultivating it?
And what injury has the Mexican claimant sus-
tained if his claim is perfect? He will go to the
courts and get his rights. But if he relies on the
equity of an inchoate claim, he must respect the
equities of those who have added tenfold to the
value of the land by settling on and cultivating it,
I now renew the motion to lay the subject upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IKDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move that the prior orders
be postponed, for the purpose of taking up the
bill " making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th,
1853."
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
on the amendment of the committee to strike out
the following:
" For the payment to the Shawnees of moneys due them
under and by virtue of the treaties of the 7th of November,
1855, and 8th of August, between the United States
and the two divisions of said tribe of Indians, the s-ame be-
ing the net balance received into the Treasury for tlie sale
of their lands in Ohio, $66,246 23: Provided, kowcvert
That said tribe of Indians shall first express their assent,
that the payment of the above sum shall he made equally to
the whole tribe, rather than to either division thereof."
Mr. HUNTER. This claim of the Shawnees
is based on the following statement of facts: The
Missouri Shawnees, as they were called, who were
located at Cape Girardeau, held some sort of a
grant from the Spanish Government, covering a
territory of twenty-five miles square. In 1&25,
they desired themselvps to remove on account of
having troublesome neighbors, and the Govern-
ment was also in favor of their doing so. At the
time there was another band of Shawnees living
in Ohio, on reservations which belonged to them.
It was stipulated by the treaty of 1825, that a
tract of land, fifty miles square, should be set
aside for the Shawnees—should be set aside west
of the State of Missouri. This tract was dedi-
cated by the treaty of 1825 to the Missouri Shaw-
nees and the Ohio Shawnees together. The Cape
Girardeau Shawnees moved to, and occupied, a
tract of fifty miles square on the Kansas river;
and in 1831, a treaty was made with the Ohio
Shawnees, by which it was stipulated that the
Government should reserve seventy cents per acre
from the sales of their lands, and give them the resi-
due, amountingto somethinglike $30,000, in which
these Ohio Shawnees alone were interested. It
was also stipulated that the Government would
patent to them one hundred thousand acres of land,
which they were to hold as long as they continued
to be a tribe,and resided on the reservation form-
erly given to the Missouri Shawnees. It is to be
observed, that by the treaty of 1825, this territory
was given, not only to the Missouri, but also to
the Ohio Shawnees. The Ohio Shawnees moved
to it in 1832, and lived there in common with the
Missouri Shawnees, from that time till 1844. It
was then that they, for the first time, made a claim
for a separate tract of land. Before that time, the
agent, Mr. McCoy, had written to the Depart-
ment that it was more suitable to their tastes and
their wishes that they should all live in common
than that a separate tract should be designated
for the Ohio Shawnees; in other words, that it
would be better that they should receive the com-
mon benefit of the one million six hundred thou-
sand acres, than to have one hundred thousand
acres set apart for them, and thus lose all title to
the residue. In pursuance of this advice, m 1844—
although I do not discover that we were bound to
do so by any treaty—the whole one million six
hundred thousand acres were patented to the
Shawnees, with this reservation. The reservation
in the patent, is this:
"Subject to the rjght secured to the Ohio band of the
Shawnees by the second article of the agreement and con-
vention made and concluded at Wapaghkonetta, in the
county of Allen, in the State of Ohio, on the 8th day of
August, in the year of our Lord 1831.''
So that the treaty of 1825 reserved to the United
States the risht to locate these Ohio Shawnees with-
in the fifty miles square, and when the patent was
made in 1844 to the Missouri Shawnees, the same
right was reserved in the patent; from which it ap-
pears that if it was desirable, the United States
has the right, according to the treaty of 1831, to
patent this one hundred thousand acres to the Ohio
Shawnees. But according to the information given
by Mr. McCoy, they preferred—and probably the
same thing would be true now, if the alternative
