1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know that we shall
have more time, or that we could adopt a better
rule with regard to the Private Calendar than to
dispose of the business as it comes up. For two
weeks we have not considered the Private Calen-
dar; and I hope that we will now dispose of this
bill and go on with bills on the Private Calendar
in their regular order.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to suggest that it would
be better to take up and adopt a resolution offered
some time since by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Norris.] It is aresolution proposing
that private bills to which there is no objection
should be considered immediately; and that those
which are objected to shall go over till the next
Friday.
The PRESIDENT. That cannot be taken up
without a motion to suspend the order for the pur-
Mr. HUNTER. I did not object to taking up
the Carmelite Nunnery bill in its order. I merely
made a suggestion that it was probable the bill
would be debated, in order that the Senate might
consent to lay it over, and get along faster with
other business.
Mr. GWIN. Is it not in order to move to take
up the resolution of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ?
The PRESIDENT. Not without a suspen-
sion of the order setting apart this day for the
consideration of private bills.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that course will be pur-
sued. The resolution relates exclusively to pri-
vate business, and I move to suspend the execu-
tion of the order for the purpose of taking it up.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the
motion of the Senator from California belongs to
private bills. All the action that he asks for is in
reference to private bills, and in order to facilitate
their passage.
The PRESIDENT. It is a resolution; not a
private bill.
Mr. NORRIS. I trust there will be no objec-
tion to taking up the resolution.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Gwin, and the President announced that it was
not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that before the Chair de-
cides whether the motion is agreed to, or not, the
resolution will be read. I do not think the Senate
understands it. It pertains exclusively to private
business, and its objectis to accelerate private bills.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that the motion is not agreed to; and there was
no division called for.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Chair be so kind
as to inform me what the resolution is?
The PRESIDENT. It will be read, if desired.
The resolution was read,as follows:
Resolved, That Friday next, and every succoedina: third |
Friday thereafter, shall be devoted to the consideration of ,
such private bills upon the Calendar as shall not give rise j
to debate ; and whenever debate shall arise upon a bill, or '
any Senator shall express a desire to debate the same, it
shall go over to the following Friday."
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the resolution
perfectly. It was because I did not see that it was
a practicable or just mode of proceeding, that I
voted against suspending the order.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to make a motion
to suspend the consideration of private bills?
The PRESIDENT. It is not, because that
motion has just been decided, and no question has
since been taken.
Mr. HALE. Then I will make a motion. 1
move that the motion to reconsider the vote re-
jecting the bill for the benefit of the Carmelite
Nunnery of Baltimore be laid on the table.
Mr. DOWNS. By laying the bill on the table,
it will be taken off the Calendar. I object to that
course; but I have no objection to its postpone-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Louisiana, that if it is laid upon the table, a
majority can take it up at any time.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not wish to debate it;
I want to know whether, if the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table, the effect of it will not
be to preclude a reconsideration hereaftei.
The PRESIDENT. Notatall. If the motion
to reconsider is laid upon the table, it can betaken
up at any time hereafter. The regulation of the
House of Representatives on this point is different
from that of the Senate.
There was a division, and sixteen were in favor
of the motion, and fourteen against it—no quorum
voting.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion, and move
to postpone the further consideration of the motion
to reconsider until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HALE. I now renew the motion made
by the Senator from California, to postpone the
order of the Senate in relation to taking up private
bills, for the purpose of taking up the resolution
introduced by my colleague. And I want to say
to my friend from New York, that he is altogether
mistaken in supposing that this would be an im-
practicable rule. There has been such a rule in
the House of Representatives for years, and its
operation is exceedingly just and equitable. Un-
der the present rule of the Senate, if you get a
Carmelite Nunnery bill, or something of that sort,
at the head of the Calendar, it blocks up all other
private bills; and all those bills, the justice of
which is manifest to the whole Senate, are delayed.
Whereas, if we were to go over the Calendar once,
and take up the bills to which there is no objec-
tion, we can dispose of them, and then go back
and take up the disputed ones. I hope this res-
olution will commend itself to the good sense of
the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand it perfectly. Its
effect will be this: When you get a Carmelite
Nunnery bill before the Senate, or something of
that sort, it can never pass, because any Sen-
ator will be able to prevent its passage by saying
I that he intends to discuss it; that is to say, the
! effect of the resolution will be to give priority to
j those who can get their bills through without dis-
, c.ussion, and prevent relief to those parties who
have meritorious claims which require to be dis-
Mr. GWIN. I appeal to the Senate if that is
any argument against this resolution. Theamount
of the Senator from New York's position is, that
because a portion of the Senate are opposed to a
bill, therefore we shall not pass any private bill to
which they are not opposed. That is the whole
point of the case. There are a vast number of
bills on the Private Calendar to which nobody
objects, and shall they be kept behind those bills,
which are constantly being contested ? I think
that it is due to those claimants who have claims
reported upon favorably, which are on the Cal-
endar, and cannot be reached except through this
rule, that they should have some opportunity of
knowing whether any member of the Senate ob-
jects to them. These disputed claims should not
always have preference. There are two or three
claims which have occupied the attention of the
Senate for two or three private bill days, and we
have not made any progress on the Private Cal-
endar for a month past. I say it is unjust and
unfair to those claimants, to whose claims there
is no objection, that they should be thus post-
poned, and that doubtful claims should occupy
the whole time of the Senate.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded accordingly to consider
the resolution.
Mr. NORRIS. I have modified the resolution
so as to read;
Resolved, That to-day, and evcryfourth Friday hereafter,
shall be d('\otctl to the consideration of such puvate bills
upon the Calendar as shall not give rise to debate; and
whenever debate shall ause upon a bill, or any benator
shall express a desire to debate the same, it shall go over
to the following Fnday.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
THOMAS H. LEGGET.
The PRESIDENT announced that the bill for
the relief of Thomas H. Legget was the first on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. HUNTER expressing a desire to debate
it, it was laid over.
IRA DAY.
The PRESIDENT announced the next bill to
be one for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont.
Mr. BAYARD expressing a desire to debate it,
it was laid over.
ALEXANDER Y. P. GARNETT.
The joint resolution for the relief o( Alexander
Y. P. Garnett was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Navy to cause to be paid
to Alexander Y. P. Garnett the sum of $166 10
for his services as Surgeon on board the ship
" Cyane," from March 1, 1843, to August 6, of
the same year.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, and oMered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
EXTENSION OF PATENTS.
The hill for the relief of George G. Bishop and
the legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
letters-patent granted to John Arnold, dated July
15, 1829, for a new and useful improvement in
the machine for forming the web of cloth, of wool,
hair, or other suitable substances, without spin-
ning, or weaving; and also the letters-patent
granted to John Arnold and George G. Bishop,
dated October 20, 1836, for a new and useful im-
provement in the same machine be renewed, re-
vived, and extended for the term of fourteen
years from and after the passage of the act. That
the patents so revived, renewed, and extended
shall have the same effect as if they were originally
granted for a term of years extending to fourteen
years after the passage of the act: Provided, Such
i rene%ved and extended patents shall be open to
' legal mquiiy and decision in the same manner as
! if they were issued under the general laws regu-
lating the renewal of patents: And provided, fur-
ther, That all persons now enjoying the lawful use
j of the machines so patented, and the purchase of
■ any such machine so in use, or lawfully con-
! structed, shall continue to use the same notwith-
| standing the provisions of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
HARRIET F. FISHER.
The PRESIDENT announced that the bill next
in order, was a bill for the relief of Harriet F.
Fisher, widow of Marvin W. Fisher.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the bill is read a sec-
ond time, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
• ate to the fact that the Committee on Military
i Afl'aiis have reported a bill, which they offer and
I insist on, as a substitute for this one. I think,
i therefore, it had better be passed over for the pres-
j ent.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over
under the rule.
ALBRA TRIPP.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
! the relief of Albra Tripp, was read a second time,
' and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
' provides that the name of Albra Tripp, a soldier
in the service of the United States in the late war
i with Great Britain, be placed on the roll of invalid
j pensions, at the rate of $4 per month, commen-
i cing the first day of December, 1851; to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
I amendment, read a third time, and passed.
JOSEPH JOHNSTON.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Johnston was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The bill provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior place the name of Joseph
Johnston, of Addison county, Vermont, on the
pension roll, at the rate of §8 per month; said
allowance commencing on the first day of Janu-
ary, 1850, and continuing during his natural life.
There being no amendment offered, the bill was
! reported to the Senate, read a third time, and
passed.
SYLVANUS BLODGET.
The House bill for the relief ofSylvanus Blodget
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, h provides that the Secretary
of the Interior place the name of Sylvanus Blodget
upon the pension roll, at §8 per month, com-
mencing on the seventh day of January, ]846.
Mr. DAWSON. If there is a report in this
case I wish it may be read.
The report was accoidingly read.
The petitioner was a private m the company of
volunteers from the town of Jericho, in the county
of Chittenden, State of Vermont, commanded by
Captain Peter L. Allen, of that town. On hearing
