1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2030
were given them—to hold the whole of the
1,600)000 acres in common, rather than take the
200,000 acres in a separate tract. At any rate, it
is in the power of the United States to give this
separate tract of 100,000 acres, and it is very prob-
able that the other Shawnees would agree to it,
because the Missouri Shawnees would be better
off if they held the 1,000,000 acres in their own
right than if they held the whole in common with
the Ohio Shawnees. But whether that be so or
not, it seems to be in our power to patent the
100,000 acres to the Ohio Shawnees. This claim
came up for the first time in 1844, under Commis-
sioner Crawford, and he decided against them.
He decided that the Ohio Shawnees had no claim
to other land than that which had been given
them. An attempt was made again, when Mr,
Lowrie was the Commissioner, and he refused to
grant it, on the ground that it was settled already;
and when Mr. Mix was Commissioner, he also
refused to grant it. It has now been opened, for
what reason I know not, and it has been estimated
for and now appears before us.
The only ground on which this claim has
been put with any show of right, was that which
seems to be taken by the Commissioner, to wit:
that the United States had incapacitated itself from
fulfilling: its treaty stipulations with the Ohio Shaw-
nees, by giving this patent of 100,000 acres. It
has not done so. On the contrary, the right was
reserved in the treaty of 1825, and in the patent
itself.
If any one had a right it would be the Missouri
Shawnees, but I believe that in point of fact neither
of them is entitled to it. It was a reservation of
land made by the United States, for the benefit of
the Shawnees. It is to be presumed it was for the
benefit of the Missouri Shawnees, for why should
they undertake to provide a home for the Ohio
Shawnees? A reservation, therefore, must have
been made on the part of the United States, as is
shown by the consideration of the amount over
and above seventy cents per acre retained by the
United States when the treaty was made. To
show that there is a claim of that sort, there is a
petition filed by the Missouri Shawnees—a peti-
tion under which they claim that if any compen-
sation is made it should be made to them. It is
true, that the petition never was presented to the
House, but it was sent to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Johnson, of
Arkansas,] by a very responsible man—Colonel
Mitchell, of Missouri.
In that it appears that this is the claim which
the Shawnees make, probably being; induced to do
so, by the consideration that the Ohio Shawnees
had set them to work on the ground that if this
compensation belonged to either it belonged to
thetn; and in point of fact, if it belongs to either,
I believe it does belong to them. But it does not
belong to either. The patent given to the Mis-
souri Shawnees, gave them four times as much
land as they ceded; to wit, a tract fifty miles square,
and then there was a reservation that the United
States may provide ahome for the Ohio Shawnees
when they choose to remove.
Not only did the United States do that, but they
went further than they were bound to go. They
gave them not only the treaty, but the patent also,
so that these Indians hold by a higher title than
any other Indians.
Under these circumstances, it seemed to us that
neither portion of the Shawnees could raise a le-
gitimate claim to this amount, and that if anything
was due, it was not proper to pay them bow,
until it was ascertained to which band of Shaw-
nees it was due. My own opinion is, that neither
should be paid.
Mr. ATCHISON. This question is involved
in doubt and uncertainty, in my opinion. If it
was a question to be settled by the bare face of
the treaty, I am rather of the opinion that this
claim on the part of the Shawnees of Ohio, for
$66,000, is a good claim. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] has stated substantially the
contents of the treaty between the United States
and the Missouri Shawnees in 182o, and between
the United States and the Ohio Shawnees m 1831.
It is true those Shawnees in the State of Missouri
held what they called and understood to be a grant
from the Governor General of Louisiana, the
Baron De Caromlelefc. But I examined this claim
the other day. I do not read French very readily;
but, from what I made out, it was the mere right
to occupy a certain territory within the limits of
what now composes the States of Missouri and
Arkansas. Subsequently the grant was made to
one Larimie, for himself, the Shawnees, and Dela-
wares. Subsequently they laid off or located a
portion of the territory in the neighborhood of
Cape Girardeau, now in Cape Girardeau county,
in the State of Missouri, of about twenty-five
miles square, and upon that their village was built
and improvements made. And I think it was
afterwards confirmed to them by a person in com-
mand at Cape Girardeau.
But the grant, in the first place, was only a
grant to roam over a territory between the Mis-
souri and the Kansas rivers, together with the
right to hunt over the plain country, and the right
to occupy as long as they remained; when they
removed those rights ceased.
1 will now state the grounds on which, as I un 
derstand,the Ohio Shawnees claim these $66,000.
In 1825, General Clark made a treaty with the
so-called Missouri Shawnees. By that treaty
they relinquished and ceded to the United States
all their claims to the twenty-five miles square of
territory then occupied by them; and in part con-
sideration thereof, the United States granted to
the Shawnees fifty miles square, to commence
five miles north of the southern boundary of the
State of Missouri, running with that line due
west twenty-five miles; thence due west one hun-
dred miles; thence due south twenty-five miles;
thence to the place of beginning on the east; which
would make fifty miles square. In one article of
the treaty it was provided that if the Shawnees,
on an examination of the territory, were not sat-
isfied with it, they might take a quantity of land on
the Kansas river; and that was done. They were
not satisfied with the land laid out by metes and
bounds for them on the Neoshe river, and which
formed part of a recent purchase from the Osage
Indians by the United States, and therefore they
chose a locality on the Kansas river. I have a
map here which shows the exact position; it is
on the southern side of the Kansas river.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has
stated that it was provided by the treaty of 1825
that this tract of fifty miles square should not be
laid out and designated for the occupation of the
Missouri Shawnees only, but for the Missouri
Shawnees and the Ohio Shawnees in common.
Perhaps 1 shall make the subject more clearly un-
derstood by referring to the treaty itself. The
first article is nothing more than a cession of all
the Indian rights to the lands which the Shaw-
nees occupied m the neighborhood of Cape Girar-
deau. The second article defines the consider-
ation to be given to the Indians for the twenty-
five miles square which they surrendered, and
reads thus:
"Art. *2. It i* further agreed by the contracting parties,
that, ill consideiatinu of the cession afore&.ud, the United
Static do hoioby ugree to give to the Slmw tribe of In-
dians within the State of Missouri, lor themselves and
for those ot the sainc nation now residing in Ohio, who may
hereafter emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract of
land equal to tifty (oi>> miles sijuare, situated west ol the
State of Misisouu, and wjtlun the puichase lately made
from the Osages, by treaty beating date the 2d day of Juno,
1835, and within the following boundaries: commencing at
a point two (ii) miles northwest of the southwest corner of
the State of Missouri; trom thence north uventy-five (25)
miles; thence we^t one bundled (100) miles ; thcncc south
twenty-five (25) miles; thence east one hundred (100) miles
to the place of be-mimn". But whereas the said Shawnee
tribe had valuable and lasting improvements," &.c.
The remainder of the article defines the money
consideration to be given by the United States to
the Shawnees for the losses and inconveniences
occasioned by removal.
There is a third article, which reads as follows:
" Art. 3. It ia further stipulated, that a deputation of the
said parties of the second part may he sent to explore the
lands assigned to them in the pieceding aiticle ; and if the
same be not acceptable to them, upon an examination of
the same, which shall be had, and made known to the Su-
perintendent of Indian Allairs at St. Louis on or before
April next, who t>hall, in hou thereof, assign to them an
equal quantity of land, to be selected on the Kansa-* river,
and laid off either south ot noith of that river, and west of
the bouwl-uy of Missuuii, not rescived or cedcd to any
other tube."
Well, sir, the fact was, that a portion of terri-
tory equal to fiftjr miles square was laid off south
of the Kansas river, upon which they were to
reside. Then the consideration for this fifty miles
was met. It was the twenty-five miles within the
State of Missouri. Thus the Shawnees argued,
and so it appearson the face of the treaty. Well,
sir, whose property was that? It was the prop-
erty of these Indians under this Spanish grant.
Then the treaty was made in 1831 with the Shaw-
neesof Ohio, under which they claim this §66,000.
By the first article of the treaty they ceded to
the United States certain lands in the State of
Ohio. The second article of the treaty sets forth
the consideration for the purchase of their land in.
the State of Ohio. I will ask the Secretary to
read this second section.
The section was read, as follows:
« Art. 2. In consideration of the cession stipulated in.
the foregoing article, the United States ajrree to cause the
said tribe or band of Shawnees, consisting of about four
hundred souls, to be removed in a convenient and suitable
manner to the western side of the, Mi&ri^ippi river, and
will grant by patent in fee-simple to them and their heirs
forever, as long as they shall exist as a nation and remain
upon the same, under the direction of the President of the
United States, within the tract of land equal to tifty miles
square, which was granted to the Shawnee Indians of the
State of Missouri by the second article of a treaty made at
the city of St. Louis, in said State, with the said Shawnees
of Missouri, by William Clark, Superintendent of Indian
Affairs, on the 7th day of November, in the year 1825; and
in which it is provided that the grant aforesaid shall be for
the Shawnee tribe of Indian* within the State of Missouri,
<and for those of the same nation now residing in Ohio who
may hereafter emigrate to the west of the Mississippibut
if there hhould, not be a sufficiency of good land unoccu-
pied by the Shawnee Indians who have already settled on
the tract granted as aforesaid by the said treaty of St. Louis,
then the tract of 10f>,000 acres hereby granted to the said
Shawnees ol Ohio, parties to (his compact, shall be located
under the direction ol the President of the United States
on lands contiguous to the said Shawnees of Missotui, or
on anj' other unappiopiiated lands within the districts of
country designed for the emigrating Indians of the United
States.'"  
Mr. ATCHISON. The claim of the Shawnees
of Ohio, under the second article of the treaty of
183], amounts to this, that in addition to certain
sums of money specified in another article of the
treaty, to be paid by the United States, the United
States, in consideration of the lands ceded by the
first aiticle, will agree to lay off for these Shaw-
nees one hundred thousand acres, within the lim-
its of the territory ceded by the treaty of 1825, to
the Missouri Shawnees
The Shawnees, with whom the treaty was
made in 1831, removed from Ohio and settled in
1832 with the Missouri Shawnees, upon that land,
holding it in common with them. But the Gov-
ernment of the United States did not then, nor
have they since assigned to the Shawnees of Ohio,
under the treaty of 1831, this hundred thousand
acres of land, by metes and bounds, nor have they
patented it to them in fee simple; therefore they
contend that the United States has not complied
with their bargain, thaFby locating- them upon the
fifty miles square, they were locating them upon
land which did not belong to the United States,
but upon land belonging to the Shawnees of Mis-
souri, and that if anybody provided a home for
them, it was the Missouri Shawnees. They there-
fore contend that they must have (lie value of this
hundred thousand acres of land, which is now in
the Treasury of the United Slates, amounting to
£66,246 23, as appropriated in this hill. In other
words, they say they have received no considera-
tion for the hundred thousand acres; that the mere
right to settle in that territory in common with
the Shawnees of Missouri, they acquired not
from the United States, but from the Missouri
Shawnees. They say the United States has not
complied with the contract, that the United States
has not set apart the hundred thousand acres with-
in the fifty miles square, even if they had the fee
simple. It is true the fee simple is somewhat
j qualified. It is to be made to them and their heirs
; as long as they resided on the land,
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman tell
i what title the Shawnees had to the fifty miles
: square?
: Mr. ATCHISON. I will state it again briefly.
| They held twenty-five miles square near Cape
j Girardeau, in the State of Missouii, under a grant
from the Spanish Government. When Missouri
became a Territory of the United States, and be-
gan to be settled, population began to crowd upon
them, and it became necessary then to extinguish
their claim. The Government of the United States
I authorized General Clark to make a treaty with
them m 1825, which was done at St. Louis: and
in consideration, or in part consideration, of these
twenty-five miles square at Cape Girardeau, the
Government of the United States ceded fifty miles
square upon the Kansas. That is the point, stated
briefly. They say that this land upon the Kan-
sas was the property of the Missouri Shawnees,
