1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
that the British forces were advancing upon Platts-
burg, in the State of New York, early in Sep-
tember, 1614, that militia company matched to
Lake Champlain, which they crossed, and were
actually engaged in the battle of Plattsburg. The
petitioner, while in the line of his duty, by reason
of fatigue and exposure, lying out on the ground
infold rainy nights without covering, took a severe
cold, and was subsequently carried home sick,
with severe pain in his head, back, and hips, and
also a very sore throat and mouth. He was then
confined by sickness,rheumatism, and inflamma-
tion in his eyes, which rendered them weak and
sore, gradually growing worse ever since; and has
been able, but a small portion of the time, to per-
form manual labor. He has lost the use of one of
his eyes,and can see but dimly with the other. Be-
fore he went to Plattsburg he was in jrood health,
but since his return his health h<ts been very poor,
and he is fully satisfied that his afflictions came
upon him in consequence of going to Plattsburir.
He is poor, and now about sixty-five years of age.
The facts of the petitioner's service,"and faithful
performance of his duty, are sworn to by his Cap-
tain and Colonel, and the fact of his being healthy
and robust previous to his service, is sworn to by
his Captain, and several of his neighbors. There
is also the testimony of two physicians#, who certi-
fy that the petitioner is in the condition set forth
by him, and that it is their opinion that the cause
of his complaint was the exposures at the battle of
Plattsburg.
Mr. DAWSON. I should be pleased to have
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions ex-
plain to the Senate the principle upon which the
committee base the report in favor of placing this ''
individual upon the pension roll. It is nearly forty i:
years since the battle was fought, and his claim :
seems to be urged in consequence of his sufferings h
from a cold that he rook, nnd not from wounds \
received in battle. I think it is a new principle, i
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There is nonewprincmle
in this case. If he had made his application be- '
fore, he would have received his pension. There
is no reason for refusing to grant it now, except
that it has remained so long.
Mr. HALE. I object to this.
The PRESIDENT. Then it must pass over.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to object to the
bill, but to the debate. I will, however, move to 'j
amend the bill, by striking out "184G," and in-
serting " 1859."
Mr. DAWSON. That does not change the
principle.
Mr. HALE. Then let it pass over.
So the bill was passed over. ,
ARTE MAS CONANT. i
The Sennte next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of Flouse bill for
iMyment of arrears of pension to the guardian of 1
Artemas Conant.
The bill provides that the arxvMm of pension
now due to Artemns Conant, an invalid pensioner,
by an act passed July Gfh, 3815, be paid to ins
guardian, at the rate of $5 33', per month, from
March 4th, 1830, to Apiil, 1846.
Mr. FELCH. I desire that the report, if time
is one in that case, nmy be read.
The report states that Artemas Conant, while
in the service, m the line of his duty, as a sokher
in the Army of the United States, during the lute
war, received a wound in the hip which disibltd
him, and for which disability he was inscribed on
the pension list, at the rote of $5 33} per month,
to commence on the 6th day of July, 1 SI5; that
in 182] he became deranged in mind, m conse-
quence of sufferings occasioned by his wound,
and other injuries received while in the t-ervicp :-i
the line of his duty; and that his pension was paid ■
to his guardian up to the 4th of March, 1830.
Tiie act of the 3d of March, 1819, required ;,U
io valid pensioners, who were not disabled hv the
logs of a limb, to be examined biennially bv tvo
respectable surgeons or physicians, before ieceiv-
mg their pensions. In consequence of Conant's
insanity, he was not examined from 1830, to April,
1846. On the 19th day ofMay, 1846, the renewal
of his pension took effect. In a communication
from the Commissioner of Pensions, dated July
3d, 1846, he says:
'•My opinion is. that he (Artemas Conant) justly enti-
tled to the pension from rhe 4th of March, 1830, v/hen it
v^as, stopped, to the 0th nf May, 1M6. The law, how<n-pr>
gives the Department no such power, and it is because we
cannot aiford relief that ttie guardian now petitions Con-
gress for the pen&ion."
The bill was reported to the Senate, read a third
time, and passed.
ROBERT ARMSTRONG.
The bill for the relief of Robert Armstrong was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Robert Armstrong, of Tennessee, on
the roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay him a
pension, at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
during Iwa life, to commence on the 14th day of
May, 1845.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Pensions, to which the
bill was referred.
The report was accordingly read; by which it
appeared that the memorial of Robert Armstrong,
the petitioner, was first presented to the Senate,
and leferred to the Committee on Pensions, on the
18th December, 1845; that on the 3d February,
1847, Mr. Crittenden obtained leave to bring in a
bill founded on the petition *, that it was referred
to a select committee, and thence reported without
amendment on the 12th of the same month.
It further appeared that the Committee on Pen-
sions, on the 11th August, 1848, were discharged
from the further consideration of the case. The
bill reported from the select committee on the 12th !
February, 1847, directed the Secretary of War j
" to plav.e the name of General Robert Armstrong, j
i of Tennessee, on the roll of invalid pensioners, j
' mid to pay him a pension nt the rate of $17 a i
4 month, from the 23d day of January, 1814, during 1
s his natural life." i
On a careful examination of the proofs filed with i
the memoiial, the committee consider Robert Arm- !
strong's claim to tho bounty of the Government
to be well established, ami highly meritorious:
and they r>t:>t^ that ihey can onlv account for the
delay in extending lo him the benefits of existing
laws, by supposing that it was occasioned by a
disagreement amou^ the members of the Commit-
tee on LVnsions, touching that provision of the
bill, which relates to the pewod when the pension
shall commence.
On the 23d of January, 1814, the memorialist,
then a lieutenant, m command of a company of
volunteers called ihe " Artillery Guards," under
Genera1 Jackson, was severely wounded at the
battle of Enotochopee Creek, in which battle he
and bis company behaved in the most bia\e and
galiant manner. Geneial Jackson, in a certificate
wiitten with his own hun.l, dated 16th of Aiav,
1845, eiays that—
u In the battle of i.jc afid of .Tuim.uy, ISM, known by the
iia:ut; of Ihuitofhupiv Cie<:k,tho ^h:nneful flight ol my rear
iniai it, piOiiu''!ii^ ihghr and eonf'ss^i-in (n my whole army, it
wii- Ui<' niiihiK Inn;/ lunveiy ot 1 -u'ltlcaanl'Atmarion *, "net ,
iu<r a<- eantn.n of tin* volunteer arf'leij swards, that saved !
no arnn Uom total .u:i! i-hameiiil <ieie;d, and nil my wound-
ed iioin honiu ;i,a^aeie 'Pa- hit!" <-!><\rtan band, about .
twcut\ !i\ c nt iiUiiii'fM, i.tor. :vi.<! In *i\vl> taccd, upward1- of ;
live huiidi<' t oi liic n^vo-t i 'O'ni; \v:tuior— checkett Uiem :
in Ihc.r do .ptM.iti' o'i^t,f, ainl a* one %>• of the s?i\a^<  ho<t
I sr.v m \'i [i i>'' iih-w-trM' licio,. 11,tad t.dl—a,i:on<i th^ut wa-.
Tjik't'l-'iiiUil i;<-ijc:t A' "r<d\ wonnded. lie f<dl 1
fiy M<l ' o( i.!^ (Million, (■,\«'i:,!niii!^, • Home of you, my
bra\e f.-liow-", mii-i p.'ii^-li, L-at --ave the cannon!' The\
did -a\" nil* ca.nii'!!, ji.\ wuoie asiiiyirom shameful
and total m.d my I.rave wounded from barbarous
ma^.y'iv
From t'ne ic-uimony of two surgeons, it is '
shown that Armstrong was wounded by a ball in !
his left hip, which penetrated deep into the mus-
cles, and lodged near the spine, where it now re-
mains, rendering his degree of disability total. i
The committee, in consideration of the gallantry
of the memorioh'-jt, and tae jmoortam service len- !j
dered b) hi mat the tune lieu .^ived his wound, were
unanimously of opinion thai he should be placed
on the h«it of pensioners, at a rate exceeding that !'
usually allowed under the existing general laws. >>
The committee could not, in any case, find a sound il
reason for departing from the principle established ||
by the a<u of l(kh April, 1806. and, m the case of ;
the memorialist, do not deem it expedient to ex- ,
tend his pension back to the period when he was J:
wounded; and-therefore, recommend that it should :i
commence atihe time when hecornpleted his proof'j
of a chii m to p. pension. :■
Mr. HALE. The princi pie involved is the ;j
same as m the bill already passed over, in conse- j1
quence of objection beina: made. I am opposed 'I
to the payment oC these fon^ arrears of pension. ;;
If the committee pass a bill for the grant of a pen-
sion commencing with the present year, I have
no objection; but I do object to the principle con-
tained in these bills. I move to strike out the year
441845," and insert "1852" instead.
Mr. CASS. What will be the effect of that
amendment?
The PRESIDENT. The pension will conv
mence from 1852, instead of from 1845.
Mr. CASS. I object to the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. X hope it will not pass. If
the principle is right in one case, it is right in all.
The question was then taken on the proposed
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Then, I propose to debate the
bill: let it lie over.
Mr. CASS. I very much regret that it cannot
be passed now. If there is any bill that shculd
be acted on instantly, it is this. The case which
it proposes to relieve is one of the most extreme
hardship and during courage ever recorded.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire himself reported the bill
from the committee last year.
Mr. HALE. You are greatly deceived.
The PRESIDENT. If there is any intention
to debate the bill, it must be possed ovei.iii ac-
cordance with the rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope, under the circum-
stances, that the Senate will agree to the amend-
ment, in order to secure the passage of the hill.
The PRESIDENT. No amendment can be
offered now. The Senator from New Hampshire
has ^iven notice of his intention to debate the bill,
and it must, therefore, be passed over.
It was passed over accordingly.
Mr. HALE subsequently rose and said: Upon
my objection, a bill for the relief of General Arm-
strong was laid over. I wish to say, that I do not
want to stand in the way as an objector to a bill
' for a meritorious old officer. I think the principle
i involved m that bill is wrong; but I am willing to
j leave that to be passed upon by the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannotconsent to that,
because I am utterly opposed to placing any one
! officer on a better footing than all the rest. Let
all fare alike.
; JACOB YOUNG.
I The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
j the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of
j Jacob Young. The bill requires the Secretary of
I the Interior to place the name of Jacob Young
j upon the pension roll, and pay him a pension at
' the rate of eight dollars per month, during his life,
i said pension to commence on the 8th day of De-
j cemher, 1S51.
I Mr. DAWSON. Let the report be read,
j The report was accordingly read; from which
, it appears that the petitioner was a soldier in the
: war of 1812, and that he received a wound nt the
■ battle of Maguogo, in the vicinity of Detroit, on
j account of which he asks a pension. He belonged
, to a company of Ohio volunteers, attached to
Colonel McArthur's command; and omitted to
. make application for a pension till this late !>eriod,
because he has been able to support himself. He
' now, in consequence of increasing disability from
his wound and age, asks the aid from Government
I to which he deems himself entitled, lie was
wounded in the shoulder by a rifle ball, which has
; never been extracted. The committee deemed the
evidence, both in regard to his service and lite na-
ture of the wound,satisfactory.and such as would
< justify the passage of an act for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for n
third reading.
! MARGARET TA_RRAR.
; The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a bill for the
relief of Margaret Farrar.
It provides that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs be authorized and required to ascertain the
amount of interest, at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, due and unpaid to Margaret F«rrar,a hJf-
breed Indian, under the treaty of 1836, with the
Sac and Fox Indians,and that said Commissioner
cause such sum of money as he may find d"e, if
any, to be paid to said Margaret Farrar; ana that
the sum of $400 be approprinted out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. BAYARD. As there is no lenort aceom-
