mm,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and that the Government of the United Suites had
no right, without rocking an arrangement with
those Shawnees, In take 100,01)8 acres of their
land. This is their argument. The treaty of
1825 mentioned, and it is recited in the treaty of
1831, that this purchase was made of the Shaw-
nees of Missouri, and for the Shawnees ot Qiuo.
"But, air. President, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, I think, has misled, for a time at least, the
Senator from Virginia. The Secretary, in his
communication to the committee of the House of
Representatives upon this subject, s iys that the
Shawnees of Missouri have a patent to this land.
So they have; but upon what was that patent
based ? Upon what authority was it issued?
There was no authority for it. There is nothing
in the treaty of 1825 with the Missouri Shawnees
that authorized the Government of the United
States to issue a patent for this land; but, sir,here
is the mistake: I do not think the Secretary exam-
ined this matter even with ordinary care. 1 do
not think, from examining his report, that his
opinion is worth a straw.
Mr. BELL. You do not mean that?
Mr. ATCfflSON. In relation to this matter I
do most certainly say, that his opinion is worth
nothing. In the treaty of 183J, thei e is a provision
authorizing-, or at least agreeing, that the Shawnee
Indians shall have a patent for the one hundred
thousand acres of land. I suppose it is from that
clause in that treaty, that a patent was made to the
Shawnees of Missouri for the whole fifty miles
square; including the one hundred thousand acres
to which the Shawnees of Ohio were entitled. A
patent has been issued to the Shawnees of Mis-
souri, subject to therightsof the SlmwneesofOhio.
This is what they call a patent. Sir, a patent
must have a law, or a treaty, or something upon
which it is based, or it is not worth the paper upon
which it is written. The Shawnees of Ohio never
have received a patent; they were entitled to one
according to the terms of this treaty, for one hun-
dred thousand acres, and therefore they say the
United States aie bound to pay them $66,000, as
a consideration for the one hundted thousand
acres.
Another thing that strength ens, or at least makes
plausible their claim, is a clause m this same
second article of the treaty, that if one hundred
t housand acres of land cannot be found within this
fifty miles square, of "good land "—these are the
terms used—unoccupied by the Shawnees of
Missouri, then the United States agreed to lay oil'
one hundred thousand acres of land adjoining the
fifty miles square, foi their use, to satisfy the de-
mands of the Shawnees for their land in the State
of Ohio.
IS ow, if I am at all understood, I have presented
to the Senate the claim made by the Shawnees.
It is somewhat complicated, and perhaps I may
not be understood; and therefore I will take the
liberty of recapitulating and stating in narrative
form what 1 understand to be their claim.
By the treaty of 1825, it was agreed to give to
the Shawnees of Missouri these fifty miles square,
say on the Kansas, for themselves and for the
Shawnees of Ohio. Who made this stipulation ?
Who required this stipulation to be put into the
treaty? My opinion is, and the fair inference is,
that the Shawnees of Missouri required that the
Government of the United States should not in-
terpose any difficulty in the way of the.ir brethren
in Ohio settling among them, if the Shawnees of
Missouri thought proper to permit them. But, it
will be contended by the Senator from Virginia,
that it was the United States who made this stipu-
lation, and reserved to themselves the right to
locate the Ohio Shawnees within these limits. I
admit that such ail inference is a plausible one,
and there lies the difficulty. I regret that J cannot
find any instructions to the commissioner who ne-
gotiated the treaty of 1825, or the commissioner
who negotiated that of 18,31, or any report from ;
either of those commissioners upon either treaty,
that throws any light upon this subject. I have
examined all the documents upon which I could '
Jay my hands, and I can find no light except the
petition mentioned by the Senator from Virginia*
and if that be the act of the Shawnees of Mis-
souri, then I say there is no foundation for their
claim, and I have no reason to say that it is not
their act.
But to go oil with the treaty of 1831. They sold
their lands—about 117,000 acres is an estimate of
August 2,
their amount—in the State of Ohio, which, I-am
told, are now and-were then very valuable lands;
and, m consideration therefor, ihe United States
agreed to-give them a patent for 100,000 acres of
land lyin? within this fifty miles square. They
| say the United States, have not done this: that the
j United States have riot compiled wifh theirbar-
i gain; that they are now living in common with
i the Shawnees of Missouri under an arrangement
■ between themselves. They sa-y that as the United
States have not given them a patent, nor provided
them with 100,000 acres of land for themselves,
they are certainly entitled to the consideration
they paid, fur it. That is their case; and if that
be the ground upon which they base it, and there
be.nothing to controvert it, then no man can hesi-
tate for a moment about making the appropriation
of $6f),000, for they certainly must be entitled
to it.
But here lies the difficulty, in my mind. This
amendment, it is true, proposes to pay $G6,000 to
the Shawnees of Missouri, and the Ohio Shaw-
nees, to wftom it shall be disbursed in common.
Now, what would be the effect of that? The
Missouii Shawnees, by their petition here, claim
the $G6,000, and claim it for what? Because they
have received their brethren from the Slate of
Ohio, who are now living among them, and upon
their lands. They say they are entitled to it. The
Ohio Shawnees say they are entitled to it because
their land in Ohio was given in payment for the
one hundred thousand acres promised to them by
the United States. Who is entitled to it, the Mis-
souri Shawnees or the Shawnees of Ohio ?—or are
either of them* entitled to it? Thatis thequestion.
If the view taken by the Senator from Virginia be
correct, neither of them is entitled to it.
There must be documents on file in the Indian
Department to throw some light upon the subject.
The instructions given to the commissioner must
be there. I have seen an extract copied from the
report of Colonel Gardiner, who made the treaty,
in 1831; but it explains nothing, and throws no
light upon the subject. { have been unable to find
the instructions given to General Clark, or a re-
port from General Clark, or one from Colonel
Gardiner. But these things must be upon the
files of that Department; and, when they are dis-
covered and brought to light, they certainly will
explain this matter. Now, my opinion is, that
the way to arrange this matter, if the Shawnees
are right—and they believe, religiously, that they
are light, and nothing under the sun will put it
out of their heads, until the appropriation is made,
hat they are cheated by the Government—-is by a
reaty. h, upon a full investigation, it is ascertained
that the Shawnees are entitled to the $(ib,0005
then let a Government agent make an arrange-
! rnent between the two bands of Shawnee Indians,
j who are now united, as I am told. Let the Gov-
! ernment of the United States, through its agent,
j make an arrangement with them, similar, if you
j please, to the provisions made m this bill—that
| this money shall be disbursed both to the Mis-
| souri and Ohio Shawnees. And they may go fur-
| ther: as they are amalgamated and live together,
I they may consolidate all their annuities, and all
< their Government obligations in the same treaty,
! so as to simplify our transactions with them,
j The subject of our Indian aifans is a mostcom-
| plicated one. We can scarcely ever close up any
j business we have with the tribes, great or small;
j for how easy a matter it is to go "back—perhaps
■ fifty treaties have been made with these very
! Shawnees since the formation of the Government
| —and examine the treaties and trump up claims,
| just or unjust, against the Government of the
United Slates. It is so with almost every Indian
tribe on this Continent. I am very reiuctant to
act even when I come to the conclusion that a
tribe has a just claim, because it is so difficult a
matter to close it up. It will not do to say that
the agents do U—that it is the work of white men;
for, if the Indians be justly entitled to these claims,
it is an act of charity, as well perhaps as of profit
—and more of profit than of charity—to the agents
to rake up the claims and bring them before Con-
gress, or before the proper Department. I do
not blame them for it. The Indians are not capa-
ble of examining their own treaties or understand-
ing their own business. But there is a Shawnee
chief here now, within the limits of this city, who
happens to be a man of intelligence, who was
present when ths t/eaty of 1831 was made, and
he tells me—and I believe him to be a man of
truth, for he is- so esteemed both by white men
and red men at home—I mean Parks, one of the
principal chiefs of the Shawnees—that he was at
the making of that treaty, and fells mp what took
place there; that the construction the Shaw-
nees now give to it was the construction then
given, and which has ever since been given by
them. But I shall be answered by the Senator
from Virginia that the first time the Shawnees
preferred their claim, or any difficulty arose about
it, was in 2844. Weil, sir, suppose it was. That
was only twelve years after they had removed to
their lands on the Kansas river—not a very lono*
time in the life of a nation. Perhaps Parks is now
the only man of any intelligence, or who can speak
the English language, who was present at the
signing of that treaty.
, 1 do not wish to be understood as condemning
, this claim, or as fully approving of it, for I do
i consider that it should remain an open question
1 until it can be further investigated; and if, after full
investigation be had, there should remain a solitary
doubt as to its justice, that doubt should be given
in favor of the Shawnee Indians. Parks tells me
that the most of the Shawnees now living have al-
j ways been friendly to the United States—that they
; have rendered service to the United StatPS. He
himself took one hundred and twenty Shawnee
' and Delaware Indians to the Florida war. He
, says that whilst the Shawnees were at war with
j the United Stales, they fought them like men 
that they disputed every inch of ground until they
were completely overwhelmed by the United
States; but from the hour that they made peace
with the United States they have maintained their
friendly relations. They have warred not against
but for the United States; and he thinks that they
are entitled to this allowance. Other chiefs who
are with him are of the same opinion, and he says
the whole nation are of the opinion that they are
entitled to this amount of money, and that they
will remain of this opinion, whether they get the
money or not.
Under these circumstances, I would suggest to
the Senator from Virginia to make a provision of
this sort: Make no appropriation of money, but
provide, by an amendment, for the full investiga-
tion of the claim. I would not leave it with the
Department of the Interior, that Departmenthaving
expressed an opinion upon it, and a very loose
one, as I consider it—one that cannot be main-
tained. I would appoint commissioners to inves-
tigate thematter, or a commissioner -some resnecr.-
able gentleman—who need not go beyond the In-
dian Department to examine its records, and to
construe this treaty and report at the next session
of Congress, what ought to be done by Congress.
That is the course! would recommend,and which
1 think should be pursued. I think there is plausi-
bility in the claim, but I do not think it now stands
in such an attitude that it would be expedient for
Congress to allow it.
Mr. SbBASTlAN. Mr. President, I wish at
a proper time, to submit my views upon thisclaim.
I have, perhaps, opinions more decided m regard
to it, than those of the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Atchison.] In our earn-
est attempts to come to a proper understanding
about this claim, the Committee on Indian Affairs
have not met with such success as they desire,
and it is possible that all the members of that
committee will desire to present their views singly
and separately to the Senate. I rise, however,
not for that purpose, hut merely to say that it is
within my knowledge that the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] not now in his seat, wishes to
address the Senate on this subject, and as there
are but a few minutes intervening between the
present time and the time the Senate ordinarily
adjourns, and as it will be impossible for us to
dispose of the subject to-day, I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was delivered by Mr. Haves, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills
from the Senate:
Ail act to amend an act entitled " An act to in-
corporate the Washington Gaslight Company,"
approved July 8, 18-18; and
