264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
information before me, I must say that I feel .ex-*
treinely embarrassed in giving my vote. I do not
know what I am to vote for. I do not see the
plan of operations. I am not able to comprehend
what is to be the size and magnitude of the work.
If there is anything in the suggestion which has
been thrown out—1 trust there is not, 1 am not
prepared to believe it—that there is a purpose of
making a job of this, it will be easy to swell it out
with historical matter, as to towns and counties
and States. If this is a job to be paid for by the
page or by the em, by arule which pays them ac-
cording to the proportionate magnitude of the work,
there will be an inducement to swell it out. Under
these circumstances, I think it very clear that we
ought to understand at least something about the
limits of this work; something about the extent to
which it is to run, in all human probability. If
we have laid before us the sample of a State which
exhibits the method complete, then we can form
a pretty good opinion when that comes to be run
through the whole Union.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I think it must
strike everybody that there is great wisdom in the
suggestions which have been made by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] and by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis'.] We are
yet in the dark, and cannot know what we are
doing until we have a sample of what is proposed to
be done by the Superintendent of the Census. I
understand, from the suggestions which have been
made, that there is. to accompany that which is,
correctly speaking, the census, a historical ac-
count not only of the States, but of the counties,
and perhaps of the towns in the States. I need
not tell'you, Mr. President, and I need not tell the
Senate, that this must necessarily be very inaccu-
rate, and but very little calculated to promote a
knowledge of the condition of the country. We
have seen gazetteers of several States, prepared by
persons who have taken the utmost pains to ascer-
tain the historical facts in relation to the States,
and in relation to the counties, and yet we know
how inaccurate all these gazetteers are, and how
little of accurate history they really contain.
As has been remarked by the Senator from
Massachusetts, it does seem to me that we are
departing entirely from wiiat ought to be the
object of Congress in making an enumeration of
the population and of those things which are prop-
erly statistical, when we go beyond the popula-
tion and productions of the country, to give a his-
tory, by a gentleman competent to do the work
•which was originally intended, but, from the ex-
tent of the work, necessarily incompetent to give
anything like an accurate history of the various
States, and counties and towns in the States. I
am opposed to this altogether; and before I can
vote understand ingly on this subject, I must be
informed what is proposed. When I see the char-
acter of the -work that is to be produced, I shall be
prepared to say what number of copies I will be
ready to vote for, what number of copies I sup-
pose may be distributed with advantage amongst
my constituents. But until I know that, I shall
%e voting in the dark. I therefore think this meas-
ure should be postponed for the present, until
there is a sample or example of the work presented
to the two Houses«of Congress, in order that they
may know what should be stricken out, and if
there be anything that ought to be added, what it
should be.
I think that the suggestions made by the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] and
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] contained much wisdom; and I hope that
the resolution will be postponed, and that the sub-
ject will lie over until the sample shall be furnished
which will enable us to vote understandingly. I
repeat here that I am entirely opposed to a history
gotten up in this way; for it must necessarily he
a mass of trash. It is utterly impossible that a
gentleman, however qualified he may be to write
a history, if he had the time necessary, can give a
correct history of all the States in this Confeder-
acy, and of all the counties in those States in the
short time which has transpired since the takiiw
of the census. s
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a very few moments. I have iust
had placed in my hands what purports to be a
part of this work, as prepared at the Census
Bureau. It appears to be the census returns for
a part of the State of Maryland. It was the first
knowledge I had that the Head of our Census
Bureau had turned historian. It was the first
knowledge I had that the law we passed contem-
plated any such-thing. Indeed the law does not
contemplate any such thing. It neither contem-
plates such a thing, nor can you draw from it that
power by any possible deduction. My friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhe4d] suggests that
a twenty-four horse power might possibly draw
it. I doubt it very much. I have turned to the
law for the purpos? of seeing what the law was,
and comparing it with the thing which they have
presented to us here for our action. The law is
very plain and very clear. It prescribes, first,
the duties of the marshals, and what they shall
do; what information they shall collect and return
to the Secretary; and then the section concludes
by saying, " and further, as the returns are so
made out, to cause the same to be classified and
arranged in the best and most convenient manner
for use, and lay the same before Congress at the
next session thereof."
Is there any power given there by which this
Bureau was authorized to become an Historical
Bureau? I know not how it may be with other
Senators here, but I should regret exceedingly to
see any one individual, however qualified he might
deem himself for the task, make an attempt to
condense the history of all the States. I know of
no individual cpnnected with that Bureau, with
whom I would intrust that power, or the duty of
condensing the history of the State from which I
come. Who is there there who knows intimately of
its great and extended commerce? Who is there
there prepared to enter into those details that we
should deem essential in our own State, and which
would be necessary to do justice to the State, if
they are te be sent broadcast over this land, and
sent to other countries? Why, it is a monstrous
stretch of power; and it is a key which shows
why they have had a hundred and sixty clerks
employed in that Bureau—a number truly aston-
ishing—employed for the purpose of compiling the
statistics that were returned by the marshals.
How accurate the History of Maryland may
be I know not. I presume it is well written, but
I have not read it, and do not mean to express an
opinion. I am not qualified to judge of its correct-
ness. But I do say, that I am unwilling, as one
of the Representatives of one of the States, to in-
trust that power, or that duty, to these men.
Besides that, I do not believe that it is properly
connected with the work. Congress asked for no
such thing in the law, and I do not believe they
will either ask or accept of it now. Why we
have been accused already of turning book-
makers; and now conies the next phase, and we
are turning historians. We are to publish the his-
tory of the States, if this plan is to be carried out.
And more than this, we are to publish the history
of counties; and we will next get down to the
history of municipal corporations. We want this
work; and we want to make it valuable. Valu-
able it may be made, from the information con-
tained in the returns.
I do not know what may be the views of other
gentlemen with whom I am associated in the
Committee on Printing; but this I do know—and
I think it my duty frankly to express it to the
Senate—if the duty, if the burden, is wrongfully
placed on me, of making this contract, I say here
in my place, that I will contract for printing no
such matter, unless I am directed m express
terms by the Senate to do so. If the Senate
should deem it advisable to convert this body, or
any of the committees under it, into historical
bureaus, they may do so; and it will be my duty
to act in obedience to their directions.
I have the sample of the Census of the State of
Maryland before me. The returns of the State of
J Maryland, which are comprised m this sample,
make twenty-eight pages.
Mr. BUTLER. That is only half of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are twenty-eight pages
in it, as I said; but these twenty-eight pages only
contain one half of the returns oftheState. Twenty-
one pages of these twenty-eight—more than two
thirds—are devoted to the historical account, to
which [ have already alluded. If twenty-one
pages are to be appropriated to the historical ac-
count of each State—and Maryland, at least, may
be assumed to be a medium State—we would have
somesixorseven hundred pages of historical matter
connected with the census returns. j
Several Senators named a larger number of
pages. ,
Mr. H AMLIiNf. I am not very ready in figures,
but gentlemen can easily calculate it by multiplying
twenty-one by thirty-one.
Mr. BUTLER. What the Senator speaks of
are only one half of the returns of the State of
Maryland.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am aware of that, but I
judge from the appearance of that half that the
concluding portion of it will be appropriate, to wit:
the tables which show the population, and the va-
rious products of the industry of the State.
It might have been well, when the census was
i first taken, to have confined it simply to an enu-
meration of the people; but the law for taking the
census has already been passed, and I am not, at
least, for transcending that law: I am not for going
beyond that. Taking the State of Maryland as a
State which will average with all the States, old
and new, large and small, we shall have a work
which will contain some six or seven hundred
pages of historical matter. I saw in the outset of
this resolution, as soon as it was presented, that it
would meet with these various objections, and I
have deemed it advisable to say, that my view of
the subject would lead the committee, appropriate-
ly, to exclude all that part relating to the history
of the States and counties from any contract which
they might make, and I shall so act unless the
Senate shall express a different opinion, or other-
wise direct.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I^thinkthe re-
marks which have fallen from the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas, and from other gentlemesi,
most abundantly satisfy the Senate that this dis-
cussion is premature, and that the resolution itself
is premature. We really do not know what is
the matter upon which we are now proposing to
act. If the Senate would have a little patience; if
they would wait some two or three weeks, they
would be furnished with a sample of the work as
the Superintendent of the Census proposes to have
it done. I understand that he has prepared the
returns of the State of Maryland, and that they
are now in press, and are expected to be furnished
to the Senate in the course of two or three weeks.
When we get these returns, which will furnish a
sample of the whole work, we shall understand
what is his plan; and we shall not understand
what his plan is until we get those returns. It is
true that a brief historical sketch preceded the re-
turns of each county. It may be true that the
Senate may approve of the historical sketch; per-
haps they will reject it. If they decide to reject it
when they receive the returns of Maryland,noth-
ing will be easier than to say that we disapprove
of this historical sketch, and then the Superin-
i tend en t of the Census may save himself the labor
j of making other historical sketches. In justice to
j the Superintendent of the Census, I must say that
] these historical sketches are very brief; and whether
j useful or not, they do not seem likely to fill such
an enormous amount of space as the Senator from
Maine supposes. It may not be desirable to
publish them, but the calculation of the Superin-
tendent of the Census is, that with all the histori-
cal sketches and tables, the returns will not ex-
ceed, at the utmost, two or three volumes of the
size of the " American Archives." That is h:s
calculation. But if the Senate will wait two or
three weeks, until they get the sample which is
being prepared, which will show what the work
will be if his plan is adopted, thevcan have before
them the information which the law contemplated.
This sample is the ffcport called for by the law.
When the Senate get it, they can act understand-
mgly. Until they do get it, they cannot act un-
derstandingly. I think it proper, therefore, to
postpone the subject for two or three weeks; and
I now move that the further consideration of this
resolution be postaoned until this day three
weeks.
Mr. BUTLER. I was on the Census Com-
mitttee at the last Congress, and I desire, there-
fore, to say a few words now. I did not hear a'l
that was said by the Senator from Massachusetts
I have no doubt he gave a fair view of the diffi-
culties of the subject. This is an exemplification
of what I said at the time the census bill was be-
fore the Senate. I said at that time, that in my
deliberate judgment, the act went bevond the scone
of the Constitution. I say that "the act under
winch the marshals have made their returns to the
