1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lift
panying the bill, arid as I do not understand the
facts in this case, I move that it be passed over.
It was accordingly passed over.
Subsequently, the consideration of the bill was
resumed.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayatid] objected to the consideration
of the biil for the relief of Margaret Farrar for
the want of an explanation. There is no report
accompanying the bill. It was so small a matter,
and so clear a case that I did not deem it necessary
to make a written report. The claim arises under
a treaty with the Sac and Pox Indians in 1836.
As I have shown the treaty to the Senator from
Delaware, he tells me he withdraws his objection.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator has shown me
the treaty, and I have no doubt that the bill should
pess. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. ATCHISON. Thetreaty ordered thesum
of $1,000 to be invested for the use and benefit of
this half-breed Iodian^iH, to be loaned out, and
the interest applied for her benefit. Theagent who
had charge of the money did loan it, and when
she reached the age of twenty years, the principal
was paid. There were, perhaps, one or two years
when the interest was not paid. Thisbillrequires
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to inquire into
the matter, and ascertain the amount of interest
due, if any, and pay it. That is the sum and sub-
stance of rhe bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
VASQ.UEZ AND COLLIGAN.
The Senate then considered, as in Committee of
the Whole, a bill authorizing the legal representa-
tives of Antoine Vasquez, Hypohte Vasquez,
Joseph Vasquez, and John Colligan to enter cer-
tain lands in Missouri.
The bill provider, that the legal representatives
of the parties aforesaid may enter, without pay-
ment, at any land office in the State of Missouri,
in such quantities, agreeably to the United States
surveys, as the claimants may desire, a quantity
of land subject to private entry, not exceeding
eight hundred arpents for each of the three persons
first above named, and twelve hundred arpents for
said Colhgan, in lieu of and in compensation for a
claim of that quantity aliowed to them by the
Board of Commissioners appointed for the final j
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri, nnd ;
confirmed to them by " A.n act confirming1 claims j
to land in the State of Missouri, and for other j
purposes," approved July 4th, 1836, the register '
or registers of the land offices aforesaid to receive
the proper application and proofs, and to issue the
necessary certificates, on return of which to the
General Land Office, with proofs sufficient, in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, to estab-
lish the right of the claimants as such legal repre-
sentatives, a patent or patents shall issue as in
other cases.
The bill was reported 10 the Senate without
amendment.
Mi. DAWSON. I would like to have one ques-
tion answered. Is this giving away lands for ,
which no consideration at all has been paid' i
Mr. DOWNS. Land whs given to these per- j
sons; and before they located it, it was sold by the
United States. This is to grant them land in place
of that which was allowed them by the Board of
Commissioners.
Mr. DAWSON. By what power was it con-
firmed?
Mr. DOWNS. The title was incomplete as
given by the United Suites, if I recollect right.
There is a report, however.
Mr. DAWSON. I am satisfied.
The hill was then ordered to he engrossed fora
tJvrd reading.
MARTIN FENWICK-
The Senate then considered, as in Committee of
the Whole, a bill far the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives ofMartin Feuwick.
The bill provides that the claim of Martin Fen-
wick to five hundred arpents, which ;< entered as
number one hundred and fittv-one 111 the second
class of the deuivons ot the lateBoard m Missouii,
be confirmed against any claim ou tne p:\rt of the
United States to the saul Martin Fenwick, or his
legal representatives; and that upon the rendition
to the General Land Office of an approved plat of
the location a patent, shall issue, which snail oper-
ate only as a relinquishment of title on the part
of the United States; which claim shall be located
according to the lines of the public surveys, and so
as to embrace the ancient original settlement and
improvement—the location to be made as near
the aforesaid area of five hundred arpents as may
be consistent with the legal subdivision, and shall
not interfere with any sale which may have been
made by the United States, nor with any claim
which may have been confirmed by or pursuant
to any law of the United States.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish the report may be
read.
The report sets forth that the claim is de-
manded on the ground, that an alteration had been
made 111 a grant made by a former Spanish Gov-
ernor. The petitioner represents that the applica-
tion for an alteration in the grant was not made
,'ither by him or his legal representatives, nor by
his authority.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THOMAS PEMBER.
The Senate next took up the bill for the relief
of Thomas Pember; which was read a second
time.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized and directed
to audit and adjust the account of Thomas Pem-
ber, and to pay to him the difference between the
compensation of a captain's clerk and a purser on
board the United States steamer Vixen, from the
23d October, 1848, to the 20th day of June, 1850,
and the difference between the compensation of a
captain's clerk and a purser, on board the ship
Electra, from the first day of July, 1847, to the 28th
day of February, 1848, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWSON. I must object to that.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over. |
DAVIT) P. WEEKS. i
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in :
Committee of the Whole, a biil for the relief of i
David P. Weeks. ■ The bill provides that the Sec- ,
retary of the Interior be required to pay to David
p. Weeks the amount of his pension for and during 1
the time said pension was discontinued, and whiie
he was employed in the Ordnance Department. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without |
amendment. j
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask one question j
of the chairman of the committee. It is stated
that this person is to be paid while he was eia-
; ployed m the Ordnance Department. I want to
' know why his pension was suspended while he
i was ill the Ordnance Department?
] Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There is a report, 1
! believe. I ask that it may be read.
■ From the reading of the report, it appears that
; the petitioner lost his left arm in the war witii the
! Florida Indians, and was in consequence placed !
on the pension list, at $8 per month. On the 4th ,
; of September, 184P, he was employed m the Ord- ;
i nance Department, and contnmcd thus employed :
until the 4th of -March, 1850, during which time i
his pension was stopped by the Commissioner of
Pensions, who deemed himself authorized to do so ,
by the act of the 30th of April, 1844; which pro-
vides that " no person in the Army, Navy, or ,
1 ' Marine Corps, shall be allowed to draw both a ,
. ' pension as an invalid and the pay of his rank or •
' ' station in the service, unless the alleged disability
' for which the pension was granted be such as to I
' ' have occasion! his employment in a lowergrade,
i ' or in some civil branch of the service.
In a letter from the Commissioner of pensions ;
to the chairman of the committee, dated December
1 30, 1851, it was stated that when employed m the
Ordnance Department, "Weekswasrtoi an eniistfd
' soldier," " but held his appointment" by " author-
\ ity vested in the Secretary of War;" and in repiy
i to further inquiries made by the chairman o: ^ the '
committee, the Commissioner of Pensions, in a
: letter dated February 6, 1852, refers to the act of ,
i the 5th of April, 1832, for the organization of the
Ordnance Department, as furnishing some portion
of the authority by which the pension of the peti-
tioner was suspended.
But neither of the acts above referred to, m the
, opinion of the committee, conveys the authority
to suspend the pension of any person employed m ■
the Ordnance Department, unless the pensioner
belongs to the Army, Navy, or Marine' Corps.
The petitioner was neither an officer, no'n-a'om-
missioned officer, nor private in the Army wh'eh
employed, nor did he enlist during his employ-
ment. The Commissioner of Pensions states that
the petitioner held the appointment of Ordnance
Sergeant during his employment, by authority
vested in the Secretary of War.
The net of April 5, 1832, authorizee'the Secre-
tary of War " to select from the sergeants of the
line of the Army," &c., " as many ordnance ser-
geants as the service may require;" but that act
conveys no authority to the Secretary to appoint
any citizen, not belonging to " the line of the
Army," to the station or office of ordnance ser-
geant; and if the petitioner was required, during
the time he was employed in the Ordnance De-
partment, to perform the duties of sergeant, that
fact furnishes no legitimate reason for suspending
his pension.
The committee believe that the petitioner was
engaged under the authority given to employ cit-
izens to labor in the Ordnance Department who
do not belong to the Army, Navy, or Marine
Corps, and therefore the construction given to the
acts alluded to, by which his pension was discon-
tinued, is erroneous. By no existing law can a
citizen, not enlisted and employed in the Ordnance
Department,'claim a pension for a hurt received
while thus employed. Neither by any existing
law can a person, not belonging to the Army, &c.,
entitled to and receiving a pension, be deprived
thereof on obtaining employment in said depart-
ment. The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment,and was ordered to be engrossed
for a thii-d reading.
GUION AND MCLAUGHLIN.
A bill for the relief of Guion and McLaughlin
was then read a second time.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to pay
to E. P. Guion and Benjamin McLaughlin thesum
of $1,640, from the appropriation for mail trans-
portation, being the amount due them, under the
equitable terms of their contract with the Postmas-
ter General, for two months' extra pay, upon the
discontinuance of the transportation of the South-
ern mail, on route 2,802, from Raleigh to Fayette-
vdle; on route2,811, fiom Fayetteville to Cheraw;
and on route 3,111, from Cheraw to Columbia,
South Carolina, on the (jth of February, 1845; the
Postmaster General having only paid the allow-
ance for two months' extra service upon the
amount dispensed with, when it should have been
upon the whole amount of the contract.
'Mr. I5AYARD. I would rather prefer to have
that bill go over for the present. It involves a
question of some importance, in respect to which
I cannot at present agree with the committee. I
m iv change my opinion. My objection is to the
propriety of admitting evidence to change thecon-
struction of a contract with tie Postmaster Gen-
era!; or in other words, of allowing a clerk in the
Post Office Department to show by deposition that
the intent of a contract is different from that which
would be drawn from the written language. I
doubt the propriety of passing it.
it was passed over.
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX.
The next bill upon the Calendar was the bill for
the relief of Elizabeth V. Lonriax, reported from
the Committee on Pensions, which was read a
second time,and the Senate proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to its consideration. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Mrs. Elizabeth V. Lomax, widow of
Mann Page Lomax, deceased, late a Major of
the Ordnance Corps in the United States Army,
on the pension roll, at the rate of $30 per month
from the 27th o  March, 1842, for and during her
natural life.
Mr. HALE. Imove tostnke out"1842,"and
insert" 1852."
Mr. BORLAND. "Will the Senator permit the
renort nude in that case to be read. This bill has
be'en twice reported. Last year I reported it from
the Committee on pensions. I hope that report
will be read. No report was made this year.
.Mr. HALE. If the Senate will allow me two
minutes, by unanimous consent. I desire to make
a si:^'!e statement. I do not desire to be placed in
the attitude of pressing captious objections to these
bills, and therefore I desire to make a remark to
