1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SKMt-
An act to erect three additional land districts in
the State of Iowa.
ADJOURNMENT OF CON,GRES,S.(
A message was also received announcing that
the House of Representatives agrees to theamend-
ment of the Senate to the resolution of (he House
fixing a time fur the adjournment of the present
session of Congress, viz: Tuesday the 31st in-
stant.
CENTRAL RAILROAD.
A message was also received, annoancing that
the House of Representativesa^reestothe amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill to protect actual
settlers upon the land on the line of the Central
Railroad and branches, by granting preemption
rights thereto.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
A message was also received, announcing (hat
the House of Representatives has passed a bill to
provide for executing the public printing and es-
tablishing the prices thereof, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
CORNELIUS COVERT.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Cornelius Covert, of Michigan, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased; and
An act for the relief of Joseph H. D. Bowmar.
WHALING GROUNDS AND ROUTES OF COM-
MERCE ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I move to take up the bill " au-
thorizing an exploration and reconnoissance of
* the courses of navigation used by whaling ves-
* sels in the regions of Behrmg's Straits, and also
' ofsuch parts of the China Sea, Straits of Ga^par,
i and Java Sea, as lie directly in the route of ves-
sels proceeding to and from China." The Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has prepared
a substitute for the whole bill, which I think will
pass without any objection.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The question pending was
upon the amendment of Mr. Seward, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That tile President of the United States hp, and he is
hereby, authorized to pause an exploration and reconnois-
sance 10 he made, under the direction of tile Secretary of
the Navy, of the track of navigation pursued by whaling
vessels in the region of Behriny Strait-, and also of such
parts oftlie China sea, the Straits of Gaspai, and Java sea,
as lie directly in the route of vessels proceeding from At-
lantic or Pact lie American potts to China and Japan ; and
that for this purpose the Pie-vident is anthmivied and re-
quested to provide one ot more suitable vessels, or as-iirn
them from vessels now in the Navy, and sueh officers of
the Navy and \riny of the TJmted States as shall ho neces-
sary ; and the sum of ^125,000 is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated,
to detray the'expense of carrying tin* aetinto execution.
Sec. 2. Jlnit be it farther enacted, That this aet shall
continue in force two years.
Mr. BUTLER. I regard this as a question of
some importance. Though I havegreat confidence
in my friend from Virginia, I would prefer to have
more' time to consider the matter. I therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, by striking
out all after the word " that," and inserting—
The President of the United States, he, and he i^ here-
in', authorized and requested to cause an exploration and
reconnoissance to be made, under the direction of the Hec-
letarv of the Navy, of the seas jn the vicinity of Behniia's
Straits that aie frequented by the whaling vessels of the
United States, and alsoofsucli parts of the China seas and
Pacific ocean as lie m the route of vessels trading to and
from China; and for this purpose, the President of the
United States is authorized and requested to provide, either
by buildiiiir or Uuyinsr, a screw steamer of suitable dimen-
sions, and two small sailing vesselsof two or three huudred
tons burden, properly appointed, officered, and manned
from the Navy; and the sum of $125,000 is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to carrvinto effect the provisions of this act:
ProiUcJ, That the expense of purchasing, or equipping,
and of fitting out these vessels, shall not exceed the sum of
money herein appropriated: jlnd provided, further, That
the appropriation shall be confined to a reconnoissance tor !
nautical and commercial purposes. i
Mr. BORLAND.. Mr. President, I do not I
rise to make a speech, for 1 fear that I do not fully j
understand the object of the proposed expedition. '
I come from a part of the country where both peo^
pie and.representatives are, necessarily, less in-
formed upon these subjects than gentlemen who
reside upon the Atlantic coast, and i« those, parts
of the United States where naval armaments and
maritime expeditions are habitually fitted out; but
1 have been here several years, and have heard
sueh things discussed, and I listened the otherday
as attentively as L could to the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] when he presented his
views at considerable length upon this subject. :
All I have been able to learn, however, during that j
time, and even what I listened to last week of the j
very learned and eloquent speech of the honorable 1
Senator from New York, has failed to inform me,
satisfactorily, as to the real character and objects of
this expedition. We were told that it is to ex-
ptore tine seas. Why, sir, are our ships not ex-
ploring the seas every day ? Are not the ships of
our commercial marine^—are not our ships-of-war
—are not our whaling ships, themselves., to which
this proposition more particularly rehvtes, eon*
stalltly and most effectively exploring the very seas
in question ? But, sir, to fit out sn expedition for
this exclusive and special business, is a novel prop-
osition to me, and 1 do not understand precisely j
what it is, how it is to be accomplished, or what !
for. I wish some Senator to explain all this to i
me. When I have been duly enlightened by those I
who know all about it, I shall be prepared to vote. !
Possibly, I may be constrained to vote for the prop- '
osition; but if I do, it will be after 1 have been indoc- |
trinated-, and taught not onl-y how, but "the why I
and wherefore." Is the purpose of the expedition
to seach out and explore new bays-and harbors,
bordering upon unknown seas, or to find and de-
termine the haunts of the whale ? Iff heard the
Senator from New York [Mr. Skward] aright the
other day, he said we were to engage in some
great hunting expedition—"a mighty chase," I !
think he called it—not a chase of the deer, or the
wolf, or the fox, or the 'coon, but it was to be the
"chase of the whale!"
If this be so, then I suppose the proposition, in
plain terms, is to authorize the President of the
United States to build, or buy, or fit out, ships to
engage in whale fishing. Is that the proposition ?
If it be, then say so in so many words, and we shall
all understand it at once. In this supposition, 1
may be altogether wide of the mark; but, as the
Senator from New York is the only one who has
spoken to the bill, and undertaken to explain it,
and as he certainly characterizes it as a " chase of
the whale," 1 know not how else to understand
it. If this be the proposition, I am opposed to it.
If nnt—what is it? Let some one tell me. Iam
perfectly willing to afford our fishermen, whether !
of little fish or big fish, of seals orwhales, of cod
fish or mackarel, whether they go after whalebone \
or whale oil, the same facilities and protection we \
give to persons engaged in any other branch of
business. But I am unwilling that this Govern- i
ment itself shall turn fisherman, and fit out vessels
to chase the whale. As a branch of business it j
may be very profitable, and as sport it may be \
very noble and inspiriting; but, at present, I think i
we have " other fish to fry.'h
In all seriousness, I need information, and hope
some Senator will give it to me. j
Mr. HUNTER. Mr President, I understand
that the object of this survey is for the purpose of
making charts for the use of our whalers about
Behring.'s<Straits, and for vessels on their voyages
to the China seas. Both of them are dangerous
and difficult routes. It is for the purpose of as-
certaining the difficulties in the way and pointing
them out on charts. This is especially important,
| 1 understand, to the whalers, as a great many
; losses have occurred owing to the fact that the
i ships had no charts to guide them. It is also tin- j
portant to the China trade to have some such ;
charts. Tt might be that this expedition would j
d iscover coal on some of the islands in the Pacific
ocean, which would be a matter of great import-
ance to vessels engaged in the China trade. The I
purpose is so limited by the appropriation that it !
cannot cost much. The whole expense of the
expedition is limited to §125,000. This explora-
tion will be useful for commercial purposes. It
seems to me that for that amouij-t of-.money wa
could obtain a great deal of information wbicfy,
would enable the whaler to follow his- business ill'
safety, and enable us to give safe-charts to vessels
engaged in the China trade.
Mr. BORLAND. I rose for tke-purpose. of;
obtaining information, and I have got it, 11 u*
precisely what I expected to get whep I made the,
inquiry. The proposition, then, is to appropriate
§195,000- out of the Treasury of the United. States
—for what? For the facilitiy. and safety OJf com-
merce.
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hcnter,] with
his usual candor, has answereff me promptly, and
clearly,and pointedly. "Tofacilitate comajereef'
Ay, that is it, sir. " To facilitate commerce-!"' To '
enable the whalers to pursue the business'in safety',
by finding out and marking for them, the haunts
of their fish, and the true channels of their navi-
gation.
Now, sir, I make this point, and I call the at-
tention of the Senate to it, and particularly the
attention of the Senator from Virginia,. And I ask
him how he reconciles the proposition now made
by himself with the opposition which he and those
whom he usually leads, have ever, and invariably
offered, to all the propositions we have made, " to
facilitate commerce," and enable the steamers on
our western waters to navigate them in safety?-
When we propose to appropriate some $50,000
or $100,000, or it may be only §25,000, to remove
dangerous snags, or impassable bars, from the
greatest rivers in the world; and give safety to an
annual commerce of $500,000,000, carried on in
more than one thousand steamers, and by one
hundred thousand navigators, we are met with the
objection that it is " unconstitutionalthat there
is no rightful power m the General Government to
appropriate a dollar " to facilitate commerce" upon
the great Mississippi and all her great tributaries,
and made their navigation safe. Now, that very
Senator who has been the leader of the opposition
to such measures as these, himself comes forward
and oroposes to appropriate $125,000 to buy or
build ships, to send out in search of new chan-
nels of commerce—ay, sir, "to facilitate com-
merce," and make " navigation safe,"from shoals
and rocks; to explore far-distant and unknown
seas! While to ourown great commerce, upon our
own "inland seas," he will not vote a dollar!
Sir, I asked for information, and I have got it. I
commend it to the notice and appreciation of the
Senate and the country—especially to that coun-
try, " the great West," from which I come. I
wish them, now they have heard it, to "make a
note of it." For the present, I have not another
word to say.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 2, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F.Morgan.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.,
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. F A ULKN ER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to have a correction, made in the
Journal of this House. Some days ago I submit-
ted, by the unanimous consent of the House, a
report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
asking to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of the State of Virginia
asking to have refunded to her money advnnced
by her to Mexican volunteers, and I moved that
the memorial and report be laid upon the table and
printed. The only notice taken on the Journal
is of my asking to be discharged from the con-
sideration of the memorial. No notice is taken
of the motion to lay upon the table and print. I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to have
the Journal corrected.
The SPEAKER. The correction can only be
made, at this time, by unanimous consent. If
there be no objection, the report to which the gen-
tleman refers 'will be ordered to lie upon the table
and be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ACTUAL SETTLERS ON THE LINE OF THE
CHICAGO AND MOBILE RAILROAP.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
