2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
August 2,
George H* Brown, Burrows, Busby, Joseph- Cable, Cald-
well, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, ChandleV, Chapman,,
Chastain, Cte^land, L'hiigman., Cu1hrm*Curtis, GeoKge T.
]> vis, John G, D-avi.s, Dawsoo, Bean, Bimmiek, Dockerv,
Dotv, Duncan, Dunham, East-wan, Fiekiin, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Good<*now, Hamilton, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, flaws, tta^caH, Haven, Ileb-
ard, Hendricks Hibbard, Hlflyer, Horsford, Houston, John
W. IJowe, Thomas M. Howe, Ives, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. John«nn, George WT. Jones, George G. King,
Kurtz, Letcher, McL.anah'an, John Moore, Murphy, Mur-
ray, Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parke®, Perkins, Phelps,
Polk, Richardson, Robie, Schermerhorn, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, S'mart, Smith, SfauJy, Thaddetw Stevens,
intone, Stmtton, Stuart, Tfturston, Wallace, Walsh, Wil-
dfick. and Y.ates—65.
NAYS—M>9srs. Abprcrornbie, Aiken, .John Appleton,
Averett, Babcoqk, Barrere, BealerRisseir  Bocock', Bowie,
John H- Bovd-, Albert G. Brown, Lewis D. Campbell,
Clark, Cobh, Coleoek, Daniel'. Rdmundson, Evans, Swing,
Faulkner, Fitch, Flntrence, Floyd, Fowlerr Gamble, Gid-
djngs, Gilmore, Goodrich, Green, Grey, Flarper, Henn,
HoUaday, Howard, Thomas y. How, fngersoll, Jackson,
Jpj.ktn**'. James Johnson, John Totonsrtn, Knbns, Landry,
Mnee, Mann, Martin, Ma«o , McCortole, MHVJuHin, Mc-
N.air-j Mx:Q.u«en, Meade, Millson, Molony, Morehead, Nar
Vers, Newton, Orr, 'Ross,Sackett, Schoolcratt, Schoomria-
ker, Scurry, Orlgen S. Seymour, Benjamin Stanton, Rich-
a.d H. Htanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stro-
ller, Townshend, Venable, Wnlbridge, Watfcms, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, Alex. White, and Williams—78.
So the rules were not suspended.
ADJOURNMENT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended for the purpose
of takirrg up the joint resolution fixing a time for
the final adjournment of Congress.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to ask thegentleman
from Tennessee a question.
Mr. CARTTER. f object.
The SPEAKER. As discussion has been ob-
jected to, it cannot be indulged by the Chair.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to know whether the
land distribution bill had been acted upon by the
Senate ?
[Cries all over the Hall of " I object!" " I
object i"}
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to all discussion.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to inquire
whether the river and harbor bill has been passed ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose indicated by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The yeas and nays werp ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was agreed to—yeas 123,
nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allon, Alli-
son, John Appleton, Averett, Babeock, Thomas II. Bayly,
Bartlfttt, Bissell, Bocouk, Bowie, Brag", Breckinridge,
Brenton, Brigge, Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson 'Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, rha&tmn, Clark, Cleveland, Clingmap, CoU
cork, Cmtis, Geoige T. Davis, John G. J)avia, Daw-son,
jDean, Dtmmrck. Dunham, Evans, Ewtng, Faulkner, Fick-
Htu Fitch, Fowler, Thomas J.O. Puller, Gamble, Gentry,
Guldinsjd, Gxlmove, G«>od«itow, Goodrich, Green, Grey,
Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haseall,
Haven, Hendricks, Hibbaid. fhllyer. Holladay, Ho^l'ord,
Hous-ton, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, ln-
gersoll, Ives, Jack-on. Jenkins, Andrew Johnj-on, James
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jone<, Preston
King, Kurtz. Landry, Letcher, Mann, Martin, Mason, Mc-
Lauaban, McMullin, MeNair, McQueen, Meade, Million.
Molony, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Nrtbcrs-, Newtonj
Olds, Oir, Samuel W. Parker, Perkins, Polk, Richardson,
liobie, Ross, Schoolcraft, Schoonniaker, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Sma t, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, St. Martin, StiaUon, Thurston, Townshend, Von-
able, Walbridge, WaMucc, Watkuis, Wells, Wilcox, Wii-
drick, and Yaiec—l&*
NAY3—Messrs. William Appleton, Bairerc, Bennett,
George H. Brown, E. Cairmgton Cabell, Cobb, Congei,
CuKorn, Daniel, Disney,Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Florence,
Floyd, Harpei, Haws, Henn, Thomas Y. How, George
W. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Mace, McCorkle, Mi-
ner, John Moore, Outlaw, Pennirnan, Phelps, Rautoul,
Riddle, Sackett, Schermerhorn,Scuddei, Scuiry, David L.
Seymour, Stanly, Siroiber, Stuart, Sutherland, Walsh,
Welch, Addison White, Alex. White, and Wiihams—45.
So the motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have made the
following- amendment to the joint resolution fixing
the time for the iinal adjournment of Congress:
u Resolved, That the Senate concur to the resolution of
the House of Representatives with the following amend-
ment, viz: Strikeout the words 'Monday the 16th,' and in-
sert 'Tmwbiy the 31st.' "
So that the final adjournment, if the amendment
of the Senate be concurred m by the House, would
be Tuesday, 31st of August, instead of Monday,
tHe i6ih of August.
Mr. HARRIS,. -1 call for the previous question
upon the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STANJjY, I hope the chairman of the !
Committee of Ways and IVfeaas wilt be allowed
to,state whether we can get through by that time
or not.
A Member. I Qbject.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then put, ajnd the amendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Mr, HARRIS. -I move that the vote adopting-
the Senate amendment be reconsidered, aa>d that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. B1SSELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House—and if that be not granted I shall
move a suspension of the rules for the purpose—
to report back from the Committee on Military
Affairs "An act to provide for the protection of the
Territories of New Mexico, Utah, and Oregon,
and the States of Texas and California."
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object,
Mr. BISSELL. 1 move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to make the report.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that this matter has never been before a com-
mittee of the House at all.
,Mr. CLARK. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion for the suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put, and the motion to
suspend the rules was not agreed to.
PEES OF MARSHALS, CLERKS, ETC.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following res-
olution:
Wheieasit is believed, as a measure of retrenchment
a-nd reform, House Bill No. 146, entitled "A bill to legulate
tecs and costs to be allowed clerk-*, marshals, and attor-
neys, of' th<4 circuit and distiictcomtMif the United States,
and for other purposes," will promote the administration of
justice, equalize the compensation of public officers in the
several districts of the United States, and save to the Gov-
ernment about j$90!),000 annually; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he au-
thorized to repoit said bill, with the amendments thereto,
to the House oi Representatives, to-morrow during the
morning hour.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of enabling me to pre-
sent it.
The question was put, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was agreed to.
The resolution was then submitted and adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the un-
finished business upon the Speaker's table. My
object is to get at the French spoliation hill.
[Cries of "That is right!" "That is right!"]
Mr, HAMILTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the Stale of the Union; which were not
ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is my intention, if we
shall go into committee, to move to take ap one of
the appropriation bills.
The question was put upon the motion to go
| into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, and upon a division there were—ayes 72,
i noes 55.
| Mr BAYLY. I demand tellers.
| Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Stevens, of
| Pennsylvania, and Hamilton, were appointed.
! The question was again put, and the motion was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 78,
noes 51.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
Mir.ITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Military Academy bill.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The first amendment of
the Seriate is as follows:
"After line 14th, to insert—'ForaridinghalJ, $12,OQO.,}>
Mr. EVANS. I was not aware until now that
the provision which has just been read had been
put into the bill by the Senate. I am glad that ii
has been, and had I been in the Hou«e when the
bill was under consideration heretofore, I should
have submitted it myself. The Committee of
Ways and Means report a disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, but I trust its disagree-
ment will not be concurred in. It is absolutely
necesga,ry that a riding hall should be kept up
there; because for portions of the year it is utterly
impossible for the young men of the Military
Academy, on account of the weather, to attend to
the cavalry exercise. , I have visited that Academy
within the last five months nsiyseif, and have been
assured by its officers that a riding hall of the char-
acter contemplated is indispensable. There is no
reason in the world why they should say so, for
exercise in the open air is preferred when the
weather is fair. The present riding hall is inef-
fieieat far the purposes for which it was intended.
Many of the cadets have been seriously in jured in
exercising in it. I would not only provide for
the construction of a suitable riding hall—I would
go further—I would provide that there should be
established there agymnasium. I would, looking
to the military schools of Europe, see that the
young men of the Military Academy were prop-
erly instructed in athletic exercises. Athletic ex-
ercise is greatly required there.
Perhaps, also, the term of service should be
extended for another year. Every one who has
perused the charming notes of Sir Francis Head—
his " Faggot of French Sticks," knows that gym-
nastic exercise, in the French service, is required
as regularly of the officers and troops as any part
of the drill, or infantry tactics. The consequence
is, that they acquire physical vigor, and power to
endure fatigue beyond other officers and troops.
1 would not reject this appropriation for the
riding hall, but I would add to it an amendment
to appropriate money for building a hall for gym-
nastic and athletic exercises. There is no reason
why gentlemen should make objection to this riding
hall.
Mr. CARTTER. I' wish to raake an inquiry
of the gentleman. Does the amendment provide
that this hall shall be carpeted ?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir, with good tan bark.
I do not know what sort of an idea the gentleman
has in his mind. I apprehend that he is one of
the gentlemen who think that officers and troops
ought not to be instructed to ride. The system of
riding where the broader the base the firmer the
foundation, and where the rider gets his foot up
to the heels in the stirrup, may do very welt in
his country, but will not do in battle. If you wish
to make good riders, and good cavalry officers, you
must give them thorough instruction. To effect
this object, it requires thorough and daily practice,
in order to make them perfectly experienced riders.
During a great part of the year it is impossible to
ride out of doors, and all must know that when
the plain is favorable for such purposes, the riding
is in the open air. This appropriation is not for
the benefit of cadets alone, but for the advantage
of the people. It is really required, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ought not to have
rejected it. Instead, of rejecting an amendment
which provides for giving experience to men edu-
cated at this Academy, we ought to hold out every
inducement for their proper instruction. We ought
either to make the practice thoroughly efficient,or
do awav with the system altogether. We ought
not to leave the system in an unsettled state, and
so far from rejecting an amendment of this kind,
providing the proper conveniences for riding, the
I Committee on Military Affairs ought to go on and
add to the capabilities of the institution, and they
should require a more thorough and efficient course
of study than now exists, especially in those ex-
ercises which give vigor to the human frame, and
efficiency to our troops and officers. There is not
the slightest necessity for rejecting this amend-
ment, and I am clearly of the opinion that an ap-
propriation should be made for this riding hall. I
have been frequently at West Point, and I have
examined into this matter. 1 have conversed with
the officers there in relation to the necessity for
this appropriation, and I find that there was an
universal opinion in its favor. I trust that it may
also meet with the favor of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommended a non-concur-
rence in this amendment. I do not suppose that
the committee have any feeling about this matter,
tot as QS& msaibw of the aommKt^, I have yet
