1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes,
on which the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jaw-
ing, 1 was entitled to the floor.
Mr. EWING addressed the committee. After
expressing himself in favor ot the bill, he entered
at some length upon the subject of American pro-
gression, in which he repudiated the policy of
forcing the United States, at this time, to intervene,
in the affairs of Europe. He, however, was ill
favor of that conservative progression, which,
while it did not trench upon the rights of other na-
tions, would tend to develop the physical and
intellectual- resources of this nation, and give it a
commanding influence in the affairs of the world.
He viewed, as in consonance with such a progres-
sion, the policy of opening up the avenues ot
commerce with Japan; which would doubtless
enlighten, civilize, and christianize that distant
people.
Mr. SIBLEY next addressed the committee.
He expressed himself in favor f making grants
to actual settlers upon the public domain ; but was
opposed to the policy of making large grants of
lands to the States for the benefit ot the insane,
and for oilier purposes, to be located by them,
and to be held by them, in the several Territories.
He believed that grants of that character would
retard the settlement, and prevent the growth ot
those Territories.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.! ™ •
Mr. FICKLIN said: I am gratified, Mr. Chair-
man, that 1 have obtained the floor for the purpose
of o-iving my views upon the homestead bill: and
as 1 do not intend to indulge in any remarks upon \
politics, or any irrelevant matter, 1 may be permit-
ted, before entering into the discussion of this bill,
to say a word in reference to a kindred measure,
which was before the House a few days ago, and
which was left in somewhat all equivocal position
by the House going into the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union. 1 refer to the ;
bill granting preemption rights to _ pel sons who ;
have made unpuivements along the line of the Chi- I
cago and Mobile Railroad,and propose,in avery
few words, and in a very brief manner, to sub-
mit my views upon the provisions of that bill, and
then to pass on to the discussion of the homestead
biH. ' „ , • „
Mr. Chairman, the last Congress (as is well
known to the members of this House) passed an
act granting alternate sections of land for the con-
etrueiion of the Chicago and Mobile Railroad and
branches, which act was approved by President ]
Fillmore on the 20th day of September, 1850. By j
viltue of the provisions of this act, the Stales ,
through which this road was located owning pub-
lic lands are entitled to the alternate sections near
the line. Prior to the passaee of the act granting
these hinds to the States to aid in the construction j
of the Chicago and Mobile Railroad, and without i
any reference whatever to the action of the Gen - ]
eral Government in making such grant, many j
individuals had become actual settlers on and ad- j
jacent to the lines of said roads, upon the public,
lands of the General Government. These persons |
belong, if you please, to that class which in times j
past were most unjustly branded as " squatters," j
but who are, in point of fact, meritorious and de-
serving citizens. They located upon those lands,
supposing that they would be able to pay foi them,
and their great sin consists in not having had the
money to do so. i
The State of Illinois, understanding the condi- ;
tion of things, and the merits of this class of actual ;
settlers located oil that portion of the public lands !
to which theState was entitled,passed an act, which |
was approved February 10th, 1851, granting a
preemption right to actual settlers, and allowing
them three nuiriihs to prove their preemption, and
twelve months to make the payment. I give the
following extract from the twenty-fifth section of
the act of the Illinois Legislature-
Sec. 25. That eaHi and every person who, on the twen
tieth dnv of September, one thousand ei<(ht hundred and
tl'tV. wib the ovvm r of anv impiovemenls made previous
to that date. <>t aitv lor o! land conveyed to the ^ud com-
u.mv and who became such ownei with :i view to a ic-i-
dence on, oi occupation of such lot of hind I'm uuiicuHuial
purposes, shall have the n ht to pme!'n<e, at not p\<;peih «
30 per acie, a qnantitv ot the lot so owned, t*  be bound-
ed Ijv the loffal Mibdm-iori*, not exceeding one ouaiter
section, to consist of the quarter quarter, half quarter, or
i^uartor'section, which will include the improvement afore-
said : Provided, That any person claiming the right to pur-
chase under the provisions of this act, shall, withm three
months from the date of selecting the lands, file 111 the
cleik's otlioe ot the circuit court of the county in which
the land claimed is sotuated, a notice to the said trustees
and corporation, of his, her, or their claim*, describing
the laud by its numbers, accompanied with an affidavit,
btatingtUe date and object of the improvement, the time
and manner when and how he, she, oi they became the ,
owner thereot, and also the affidavits of at least two resi- j
dents of the county, pioving the tact* in relation to such
claim : .find provided further, That the right ot way upon ,
and across any lot of land sold under the provisions ol this j
section, not exceeding two hundred teet in width, fchall be re- {
served and retained lorthe passage of the road, as the same j
may be located and constructed, and any per.-on claiming i
the ri«lit to putchase as aforesaid, shall, within twelve (
months from ihe date of commencing work on the road j
within the eoniity m which the land is situated, pay the ■
said tiu-tees or the corpoiation, tiie consultation money :
toi the land claimed ; which payment shall entitle him, hei, ;
oi them, to a deed conveying an estate in lee ; but 111 case :
of laihue to make Mich payment, the light to make the piu-
cliase shall eea-e. When two oi moie persons claim the
ri"lit to putchase ihc same lot ot land, and lile the proof of
ovvnej -hip a-> beiein requited, the person proving the first
levidence bv himself, or those under whom he claims the
improvement, shall have the n«ht to make the purchase,
but 110  ale 01 conveyance ot any lot of land undei the pro
visions of tin* section shall arieet the rights or equities ot
paities claiming the same, as between each other.
This proves to you what Illinois believed to be
right, m regard to tins meritorious class of citizens.
She has protected .such of them as were on her side
of the line, on the sections falling to that State; and
now we ask that the General Government shall do
likewise, in regard to those who are on her side of
the line, l>y passing a bill similar in its provisions
to the law of Illinois.
Within a few days of the commencement of this
session, I introduced a hill to accomplish that
object. U was referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands, and met their approval. A few days
since it was reported to the House by the lion.
Mr. Freeman, of Mississippi, and owing partly
to the indisposition of members to having the §rcnt
number of bills repoited by the Committee on
Public Lands, and portly to a misapprehension of
its provisions, growing out of the hasty reading of
the bill, some opposition was manifested to its .
immediate passage, and the bill now remains on ;
the Speaker's table. _ !
The following is a copy of the hill: ;
Be it eauclcd, Sc., That each and every person who, on 1
the twentieth day of September, 111 the >e<u of out Loid
one thousand eight bumhed and titty, was owner ot any |
unpiovemeut made pievious to that date on any tract ot
land now owned by the United States, and situated withm :
the limit* reset vrd from Mile bj oider of the Government, j
because of the giant of alternate sections to the States ol j
Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid ol the construe 1
lion of the Chicago and Mobile Railroad and branches, by j
virtue ot an act ofConirre-Sj approved September twentieth, !
eighteeen hundred and iiltv, entitled *' An act granting the
4 right ot wav, and making a grant of land to the Stales of
' Illinois, Mis-i-.sippi, and Alabama, in aid of the construc-
• tion ot a taihoad tioin Chicago to Mobile," and who be-
came -uch owiik'i with a view to a ievidence on, oi occupa-
tion of, such tiact oi land toi agiieultur.il purposes, Mial!
have the light to puieha^e, at the pi ice established by law
in ir"ulating the sales ot said lands, a quantity ot the tract
so inTpioved not les- than foity, noi more than one hundied
and si\ly actes, in legal subdivisions, on which yaid ini-
piowment maj be situated : Provided, That any peison
claiming the tight to purchase under any piovisiori of this
act, shall, \\itliui tlnee months Horn the date hereof, file
with the jegi-tei of the pioper land office a notice de-cub-
ing the land b> it- nmnbeis accompanied with an affidavit
.stating the date and ob|eet ot the impiovement, the time
and manner, when and how, he, she, or they, became the
owuui theieof, and aNo the affidavits of at least two resi-
dents of the connt> in which Mich improvement is Mtuateii,
proving that -aid improvement was made with a view to
residence, oi foi agncultui.il puipo>es: JlnA provided,
further. That the n«ht of way upon and aeio-s any tiact
of land claimed under the piovisions of this act, not ex-
ceeding two hundred feet m width, hball be leserved and
iKtamed toi the said lailroad and branches, as the same
maj he located and con-trueted; and any person claiming ,
the right to putehase as aforesaid, shall, within twelve ,
month- liom the pa-age of this act, pay to the receiver of j
the proper land othee, the. sum of money so established by
l.uv to be paid as aloiesaid; and on failure of said actual
setller eithei to prove hi- uglitot pieemption within tlnoe ,
'months, or to pa\ tor the land within twelve months aftei
the pu—age of tins an, a-> heiem lequnvd. the said land
containing the implements' a- aforesaid. shall be subject
to entiy In ai.\ other pct-on making application iheretoi.
Si.c. -2 \'Jnd he it farther enacted, That when two or1
mote pet-on- claim tin: right to pmcha^e the same tiact of
land, and file proof ot owneishipas heiem icquired, the
pet-on piovmg the fn-t residence by himself, oi by those 1
with whom he claims the impiovement. shall have the right ;
to make the pureha-e, but no sate or conve\auce of any ,
tract 01 hind usidei tiie piovi-ions ol tint- act, >lmli allect;l
the right- oi equities of parties claiming the same aa be- ■!
tween each other 1
' x    : |
That road, so far as it relates to Illinois, has now |
been located. Weknow where it goes, and through |
what country it passes, and whose rights and in- ;l
tei-ests are affected by it. ii
It will be recollected, sir, by those who are
familiar with the preemption bill which was passed
in the year 1841, that by the provisions of that
ant an individual, wishing to obtain the benefit of
a preemption, was required within thirty days, I
believe the time is, after he first made his location
and selection of land, to make an application at
the proper land office, designating the tract of land
on which he had located, and signifying his inten-
tion to claim his preemption, and he was also re-
quired, withm twelve months of that time, to enter
and pay for the land at the Government price.
Within a short time after the passage of the act
o-rantmg alternate sections of land to the Chicago
and Mobile road, there was issued an Executive
order to the officers of the several land offices for
the withdrawing and withholding frorn sale those
lands. They were taken out of market for the
purpose of permitting the railroad to be located,
and the alternate sections granted to the State to
be selected. The road has now been located, and
the alternate sections have been selected, and con-
sequently the offices will be opened for the sale of
the remaining lands as usual. Notice has already
been given by the proper officer, that the land of-
fices will be opened 111 July next for the sale of
these lands. What, then, is the result, Mr. Chair-
man, and gentlemen of the committee? Persons
who had made improvements, and who then were,
and now are, actual settlers along the line of that
road, have been unable to enter their land, because
it was reserved from sale for more than twelve
months; consequently they are not protected by
any preemption law now 111 force, and additional
legislation is necessary if he would save them from
tiie speculator. It is a question, when these lands
shall come into market in July next, whether the
provisions of the bill which is upon the Speaker's
table shall be passed, so as to protect the actual
settler against the speculator, and to give the man,
the sweat of whose brow, and the labor of whose
hands, have made the improvement, the first right
to purchase the land from the Government at $2 50
per acre? or whether the land shall be thrown
open to a scramble between the man who made
the improvement and the swarm of speculators
who wish to avail themselves of the benefit of the
labor of another? The question is distinctly made
between the actual settler, who has erected his
cabin upon the land, fenced in and cultivated it,
and the speculator, who seeks to wrest it from
him. That bill was published the morning afler
its presentation, by my honorable friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. FsEEirfAN,] in the " Globe," and is
open to the inspection and examination of all who
desire to examine it. I trust it has been, or will
be, so examined, and so considered, that when it
shall again be called up there will be no objection
to its passage, if these people shall not be pro-
tected m the improvements which they have made
when the land offices shall be opened, any person
will have a right to enter those lands; and he who
can reach theoffice first, having the money to pay
for them, will be the successful applicant. In this
way those whose labor has imparted value to the
land, are liable to be turned out of doors, without
shelter from the heat of a summer's sun, or the
pitiless peltings of a winter's storm. I cannot be-
lieve that Congress will either refuse or neglect to
pass a bill so salutary in its operation.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the gentleman whether
it is not a fact, that the law making this grant of
lauds, in terms saves the preemptions which had
attached at the time of the passage of the bill?
Mr. FICKLIN. It saves all preemption rights
that had then attached, because such rights could
not he divested.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask, fmther, what
is the nature and meaning of the term attach?
Mr. FICKLIN. if the actual settler had made
his application at the proper land office for a pre-
emption, according to law, prior to the passage of
the act granting alternate sections, his right to a
preemption would have attached, and he could have
proceeded to complete his title; but the men which
this bill is intended to protect, had located on the
land before the bill passed, but had not taken this
preliminary, but necessary step.
Mr.HUNTER. Does this preemption bill re-
fuse to extend protection to those only who were
actual settlers at the time of the passage of the
alternate section act?
Mr. FICKLIN. It protects, and is intended
for the benefit only of those who were bona fide
