270
THE - 'CONGRESSIONAL' ^ GLOBE.
this bill was referred, understands that this fifth
section changes the mode of descent and transfers
this warrannt to fehe widow, and if there is no wid-
ow to the minor heirs. The widow possesses it
entirely, and no benefit accrues at all to the minor
heirs unless there is no widow.
Mr. DUNHAM. In that respect we follow
precisely the original act. In case the soldier died
before hi§ warrant has issued, we give the warrant
when it does issue, in the same manner as if he
had" not made his application, to his widow; and if
there is no widow, to his minor heirs. If he has
made application which has been acted upon, and
a warrant issued but not located, and shall there-
after die, the bill provides that the warrant shall
first descend to his-, widow, and then to his minor
heirs. If.the intention was originally, as the act
indicates, to give it first to the soldier, and in case
of his death, to his widow, or if there is no widow,
to his minor heirs, is there any reason why we
should make a distinction between the soldiers who
die after the application and before the warrant
has issued, and those who die after the warrant
has been issued? We all know very well in the
Western country, that when you come to divide a
land warrant amongst a half-a-dozen heirs m that
way, it amounts to nothing. The original inten-
tion was to provide for the widow, and then for
the minor children, to help her to support and edu-
cate them until they arrived at maturity, and able
to take care of themselves.
The sixth section of the act provides that the
warrants which have been or may hereafter be
issued under these acts, may be located upon any
lands of the United States subject to private entry.
In other words, this section repeals a proviso which
we recollect was forced upon Congress with our
eyes open, requiring these warrants to be located
upon lands then in market. 1 allude to the proviso
which was moved to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, by a gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vi>?t0n,] not now a member of this House.
Mr. LOCICHART. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether this sixth section does not violate one of
the general land Jaws—whether itdoes not permit
these warrants to be located upon alternate sections
reserved at a double price where lands have been
granted torailwaysand otherpublicimprovements'
Mr. DUNHAM. I take it the fair construction
of this law would not interfere with that class of
lands. They are not embraced in the term " to
be subject to private entry." I apprehend when
We speak of lands open to private entry, the fair
interpretation would be, lands open to private entry
at the minimum price. That was the intention of
the committee; and if gentlemen think the bill is
not sufficiently guarded in that respect, they can
amend it.
The seventh section repeals the proviso to the
original bill, u hich prevents members of Congress,
who are entitled to bounty land under thelatelaw,
and under the Mexican bounty land law, from
receiving it. 1 have given this brief explanation,
that the House may be aware of the reasons that
led to the adoption of this bill.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. DUNHAM yielded.
Mr. MEADE. To bills of this character, when
before the House, it is very inconvenient, if pos-
sible, to get amendments in deemed to be essential.
1 will suggest to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
DuniiamJ some of the defects I consider attached
to this bill. In the first place, he has altered
the mode by which assignments,- shall be made
and proved, by abrogating the forms recognized
by the Department, and requiring these assign-
ments to be authenticated in the same way deeds
are authenticated in the State where the holder of
the warrant lives. Now, I think it is very likely
that in many of the States of this Union, as in my
own, it would prevent the sale of the warrants,
or at least incumber them with so many difficul-
ties, that the object of this amendment, explana-
tory to the act passed by Congress, would be en-
tirely defeated. We all know that the mode by
which warrants are now assignable is by assign-
ment in blank, and they are certified in the usual
way by a notary or magistrate, with the certificate
and seal of the clerk of the county in which the
party resides. They are passed off into the hand
of some attorney, or member of Congress, to sell
for the claimant, and when he sells he inserts the
name of the assignee. Such an assignment as
that in my State; under this provision, would not
be a good one, because if the assignment was to
be certified and proved in the manner deeds are in
my State, it would be necessary for the certified
officer there—a justice of the peace, to recite the
deed, and in this case to recite the assignment.
Now the object for which this law was passed
would, in the case of my people, be entirely de-
feated , or to a great extent. This is one objection
to the proposed mode of certifying assignments. I
think the mode is now understood through the
country; and as they usually attach the form to
every warrant issued, it is a better mode of as-
signing' than that proposed by this bill.
Another objection that suggests itself to me is,
that it does not provide for cases that may happen.
Mr. BISSELL. I should like to know which
of the gentlemen has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Dunham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEA DE. I am only suggesting the amend-
ments the gentleman may make to save the time
of the House. I have to notice but one other de-
fect I perceive in this bill. It is this: it provides,
that if the warrant shall have issued before the
death of the warrantee, then such warrant shall
pass to, and be invested, in his widow, if he shall
leave one; if 110 widow, then to his minor heirs.
Now suppose a man dies after obtaining Ins war-
rant, and leaves no widow and no minor heir, it
would seem this bill intends to deprive his general
heirs of the warrant in that case.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is the in-
tention of the bill.
Mr. MEADE. I hardly suppose the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] understands me.
The warrant has been issued; it is in the posses-
sion of the claimant; he keeps it for twelve
months, or five years, and dies without having as-
signed it, leaving 110 widow or infant children—is
it intended by this bill that this warrant shall go
back to the Government, thus cutting off the gen-
eral heirs.? In that case, by inference, this bill
would seem to involve such a result, for it says, if
the warrant shall have issued before his death,
then such warrant shall pass to, and be invested,
m his widow; if 110 widow, then to his minor
heirs. In a majority of cases, they have no widow
and minor heirs. Many of these soldiers are so
old that all of their children have grownup. In
such a case as that, warrants would be dead prop-
erty, and pass to nobody; but it would appear
such a wail-ant was in existence, and so much
land had passed out of the hands of the Govern-
ment. It would involve great abuses.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope the
gentleman from Virginia will allow me to ask him
a question in reference to this matter. This lan-
guage seems to apply to warrants now in exist-
ence, and to cases in which the holder may have
died, or may hereafter die. I ask the gentleman,
whether it is possible for the Government of the
United States to control the descent of that prop-
erty—whether it is not controlled by the laws
of the State?
Mr. MEADE. I will reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] by saying that it
is my opinion that it is not competent for this bill
to change rights already vested, and therefore it
could not apply to warrants heretofore issued. I
will state another thing to the House. I have re-
ceived letters from the Department, in which they
have given this construction to the law of 1850: if
a man makes application in his lifetime for his
warrant, and dies before that warrant issues, that
it cannot issue unless he has a widow and infant
children. And in one case particularly in my dis-
trict, a widow made application for the land to
which her deceased husband would have been enti-
tled, but before the warrant issued in her case, she
also died, and the Department decided she was not
entitled to it, nor her heirs. Now it seems to me,
by the words of that bill, if a man be living at the
linie of the date of that bill, and died previous to j
his obtaining his" wai rant from the office, that it Is I
a vested right, descendable to his heirs generally, ;
and they cannot be divested of it by any construe- ]
don given to that law by the Department. I think, j
if the House agree with me that if a man be living
at the date of the last bill, and entitled to his war- |
rant, he has a vested and indefeasible right to it, 1
that such a declaration ought to be contained in '
this bill; for I consider the construction given to j
the act by the officers is entirely unwarrantable. 1
Mr. t)UNHAM. In reference to the first in-
quiry by the gentleman, 1 will frankly state I did
not,"as an individual, sanction that section as it
now stands; but I believe, excepting myself, the
committee were unanimous for that provision.
"Experience has shown—at least so the officers of
the Department tell me—that the mode of assign-
ing warrants which has been practised in reference
to the Mexican bounty land warrants, has resulted
in very great fraud. If this matter had been left
to the Department, they would have undoubtedly
imposed such restrictions as would have prevented
fraud. We ought now to provide a mode that
will prevent fraud m assignments of warrants. If
you permit assignments" m blank you open the
door to a great many abuses in the assignment
of these bounty land warrants. For instance,
a warrant has been issued to myself; I assign
it in blank to A B, and make the acknowledg-
ment that he has the warrant in his possession,
with this blank assignment. He loses it, or it is
stolen from him, or in any other way may get out
of his hand. C, who may get hold of it, may fill
up the blank assignment and m^y make the loca-
tion, and you have no remedy. If the bill oppose
obstruction to that kind of assignment, I think it
will have accomplished agood end. If it is stolen,
the thief might indorse bis name upon it at once,
and the mere indorsement transfers it from hand
to hand. If the blanks were left open to be filled,
all these guards we have studied to throw around
them, and which the Department has endeavored
to throw around them, would be good for noth-
ing. I think experience will show the gentleman
is mistaken in another thing. I understand the
construction which the Department has ffiven to
the law as it now stands is, that if a soldier dies
before he locates his land warrant, it does not pass
to his heirs, but the warrant has to he surrendered
up. If he leaves a widow, however, it goes to
her; and if no widow, to his minor children. If
he has no widow, he then has no right under the
law. That is the construction put upon it, and
the committee did not feel authorized from the
action of this House, to change that construction
by positive enactment. That is the answer I have
to make. Now, in reference to the sixth section,
I hope that by unanimous consent the amendment
may be made limiting the locations upon land
which may be in market at the time of the loca-
tion, at the minimum price. If there is no objec-
tion, I submit an amendment, to come in at the
end of this section in these words: " At the mini-
mum price."
Mr. BISSELL. I would like to inquire of the
honorable chairman of this select committee what
motion he intends to make in reference to this
bill?
Mr. DUNHAM. I intend to move its reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I will state, that my object in doing that
is, because it will be impossible to dispose of the
bill to-day, and unless such a motion is made the
bill will go upon the Speaker's table, and, conse-
quently, will not come up to-morrow. I make
that motion with the expectation of withdrawing
it at the proper time.
Mr. BISSELL. I understand now, and I am
glad to hear it, that the honorable chairman of this
select committee designs to have this bill referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DUNHAM. I supposed the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] at the time merely
rose to make an inquiry. I intended to submit
that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a priv-
ileged question, that will entitle me 10 the floor, so
far as that question is concerned. It is to move to
take up the business on the Speaker's table. This
bill will stand as the first business in order in the
morning.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. John-
son] has a right to arrest proceedings for the pur-
pose of submitting the motion he has made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask if this bill does
not come up the first business in the morninc, if
we proceed with the business upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will make the motion to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole; and that
will bring it up as the first business in order.
