2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
other end of the Capitol; and to say that they
took it dishonestly and unfairly, and that their
names ought to be exposed, is going too far. But
even if it were so, you cannot recover the money
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule the remarks of the gentleman from Mary-
land to be out of order. Heis not endeavoring to
show the necessity of making §1,000 additional
appropriation.
Mr. EVANS. I think I am. So far from di-
minishing it and cutting it down, I want to show
why it is proper to increase it. I am told that
some of the Senators did not take it who were
entitled to it, and this increase to the appropri-
ation will meet their case. You cannot get the
money back. Fifty thousand dollars have been
paid under a former and uniform construction, and
you cannot recover it in any way. This is a
proposition, as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has very properly said, to take
money out of the pockets of A and B, because
C and D have impropeily received it. I wish it
understood, however, that I am opposed to con-
structive mileage.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is pretty
hard to argue against that amendment; for when
you come to the quantum of stealing it is pretty
hard to say how much ought to be stolen. But
in tiie first place, I cannot see why any portion of
this sum should be granted.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I wish to know whether this appropri-
ation covers a certain sum taken by Senators at
the rate of their per diem allowance for sickness
during the vacation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not that I know of. If it
does, I do not know it.
Mr. SACKETT. I understand there are some
laige items of that kind.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume there are not.
Mr. STEVENS. I go upon the ground that
the whole of this is illegal. I can never vote for
any such sum of money. It is to supply defi-
ciencies which the Senate themselves have allowed
to be taken out of the Treasury contrary to law.
- New, air, I think the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] is mistaken when he says that this
has been the uniform construction of the law,
which has given mileage from the foundation of
the Government. I think it is only about a dozen
years since constructive-mileage has been taken.
A friend near me informs me that it is since about
1841. I can never vote to pay a man traveling
from California here and back again $11,000, while
he is sitting in that Chamber, and never moves
from it except to his boarding-house.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition submit-
ted by the gentleman from Maryland is to increase
the appropriation $1,000; and in arguing against
that increase of $1,000, the Chair supposes that an
argument against the whole amount would be
proper.
Mr. STEVENS. If the object is wrong, I may
argue against the whole of it. Now, I shall never
give my vote for any body to pay either in the
shape of a deficiency, which is a cunning way of
getting it, or in any other shape, members for
traveling to the amount—some of them—of §11,000,
when they have only traveled from here to their
boarding-house. It is a fraud upon the Treasury
■of the United States. I have no hesitation in call-
ing it a fraud. It is a violation of the plain letter
of the law. It is a construction put upon it, not
by both branches of the Government—for we
have constantly rejected it—but put by a single
branch of the Legislature, who allow themselves
to take out of their contingent fund 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH moved to add the following pro-
viso to the Senate amendment:
Provided, That no constructive mileage shall be allowed
hereafter.
Several Members. That is already the law.
Mr. FITCH. That is not the law. Gentle-
men are very much mistaken if they suppose that
the law prohibits entirely constructive mileage
hereafter. There is a law prohibiting construct-
ive mileage for every four years at the incoming
of a new Administration, and at no other time
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman probably
misunderstood me. I say the law giving mileage
prevents anything but actual mileage.
Mr. PITCH. There is a difference of opinion
between us and the Senate as to that matter.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbory Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House of the passage of
certain bills.]
Mr. FITCH, (resuming.) But whatever our
opinion of the matter is, the Senate have put that
construction upon the law, and the constructive
mileage was drawn and allowed by the accounting
officer at the last session.
As I before remarked, in speaking of this mat-
ter, in an amendment to one of the appropriation
bills of the House, we forbade constructive mile-
age every fourth year—that is, upon the incoming
of a new Administration. That law did not ap-
ply to the executive session of the last Congress.
It will not apply to any executive session at the
close of the alternate Congress, Senators being
permitted still, under the construction of the old
law to draw constructive mileage, if they think
proper to do so, at such executive session. The
object of this proviso is to exclude it altogether,
so that it may at no time be drawn.
Now, as to the 050,000 amendment of the Sen-
ate, we have passed upon it in another bill. If we
refuse to pass it now,-it will not avail anything, ,
because the constructive mileage has been drawn,
and we have no power to compel those to whom
it has been paid to restore if. More than that,
there is a very great misunderstanding in relation
to this constructive mileage. You see the names
of Senators published as those who refused to
take that constructive mileage, and great credit is
claimed to them for that refusal. But do you find
that they have filed written releases for that mile-
age? Far from it. On the contrary, their names
are entered up as entitled to it, and they can get it
at any time whenever they choose to call for it.
It is an investment without interest for all time to
come. This proviso, if it be adopted, will pre-
vent any such investments hereafter, and prevent
any misconstruction of the old law. I do trust,
in good faith, that it will be adopted.
Mr. STANLY. I favor the views of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, but I hope his amendment
will not be adopted. I object to the construction
which the Senate have placed upon this construct-
ive mileage, and think it wrong; but I do object,
also, to the House of Representatives striking a
blow at the Senate in a matter of this kind. 1
think it is our duty to treat the Senate with re-
spect, and,if need be, with a great deal of forbear-
ance. I deprecate exceedingly that we should
quarrel with each other in our legislation here.
Now, sir, I am not in an especial good humor
with that honorable body, and I had hoped that
an opportunity would have been afforded us, when
the resolution came up fixing the day of adjourn-
ment, to have paid some little respect to them for
their recent scolding of us. They deserve it
richly. They deserve just such an amendmentas
is proposed to be put in; but we do not deserve to
have to pass that amendment. Now, with all re- .
spect to that body, I think they waste five times |
as much time as the House of Representatives, i
They have had an election case pending since De-1
cember last, and they have not decided it yet. I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in i
order, in discussing an election case before the !
Senate. j
Mr. STANLY. I want to call public attention i
to these things, and to save this House from re- !
proach. I want to say, ifit is in order, that I look !
upon the House of Representatives as in every [
respect equal to the Senate. We have as import-1
ant measures confided to our hands, and, more-1
over, we have power to do things that, the Senate
cannot do. It becomes this House, above all ;
things, to stand up and maintain the respectability !
of its character, especially when it is assailed by j
the Senate. There are very honorable gentlemen ;
m the Senate, who have scolded us, who are no :
way superior, and who, when they were in this ■
House, were in no way superior to a hundred or !
more of the members who are here now, and I,
should like to have half an hour to pay my re-;
spects to them as they deserve. But I do not j
want, by voting for this amendment, to begin to
legislate on the misconduct of the Senate. I hope j
the House will leave them to rectify their own '
errors, and put the seal of reprobation on theindi-!!
viduals there who have offended against propriety
and violated the law of the land.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must rec-
ollect that we are considering an amendment made
by the Senate to the original bill. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] has moved an amend-
ment to that amendment, and no further amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Why is not
an amendment in order now?
The CHAIRMAN. Because we have an
amendment now in the second degree.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not in this House. The
amendment of the Senate is the original proposi-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that no
further amendment is in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fitch's
amendment to the amendment; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That nothing shall hereafter be paid to Sena-
tors or Representatives, in case of sickness, during the va-
cation of Congress.
Mr. S. said: I offer thatamendment for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the Senate and the
country, and the House, to the fact, that several
very considerable sums of money have been drawn
by Senators, during the recess of Congress, under
the law, I think, of 1818, that members detained
by sickness, during the recess, shall be paid at the
rate of their per diem allowance. I do not re-
member the title of the law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman, if the practice has not been ap-
plied to members of this House also?
Mr. SACKETT. I presume so. I merely de-
sire to call attention to the fact, that there is such
a law. I understand that, in certain cases, the
sums have risen up to §1,000 and $1,500.
A Member. Name a case.
Mr. SACKETT. I prefer not to do it. They
are published. I understand that the sums received
in cases of sickness, during the recess of Congress,
have in some instances risen up to §1,000 and
$1,500. I have never examined the details of
the law, but I understand that there is such a con-
struction put upon a law, and that such sums of
money have been drawn from the Treasury in
such cases. If this be so, I wish Congress and
the country to take notice of the fact, that we may
repeal that law. I offered the proviso merely for
the purpose of calling attention to the fact, but it
is so clearly right that I believe I shall press it to
a vote.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It seems to me that the
gentleman from New York has traveled out of his
way, for the purpose of assailing someindividual,
either in this House or at the other end of the
Capitol. It seems to me that there can be nothing
plainer than the justice of the practice, and of the
law, if law exists, that a member in the service of
his country, detained m this city by sickness, shall
be paid his per diem. I beg to know if there is a
man upon this floor, who is desirous of having a
brother member, when he is detained here by sick-
ness after the adjournment, remain and expend
large sums of money out of his own pocket?
Mr. S1CKETT. I desire to say a word by
way of explanation. I do not intend this as an
attack upon anybody. I do not say that any
money has been drawn except fairly, under the
law as it exists. I only say that I am opposed to
such a law.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I say in reply to the
gentleman, that I did not believe there was a man
upon this floor, or who had ever occupied a seat
her<>, who would hesitate for one moment, to pay
out of the public Treasury the per diem of those
members who may be detained here by sickness
during the recess. I do not believe there is a man
upon this floor who would not put his hand into
his own pocket, if there was no such law, and be-
friend a brother member in that condition, to help
to support him in his misfortunes. Sir, there is
not, in my judgment, a more meritorious claim
