1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
upon the Treasury, than the one which the gen-
tleman now tries to shut out by his proviso.
Mr. SACKETT. 1 never thought of any par-
ticular case.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I do not see why this
amendment should be offered, unless it was in-
tended to cast a reflection upon the action of the
House or some member of it. We are now ad-
ministering a very proper, just, and becoming re-
buke to the Senate, for taking this constructive
mileage, and the gentleman is trying to weaken
the force of the exposure we are making, by offer-
ing an amendment of this character. I think it
ought to be met and opposed. I think that when
any member is detained by sickness, and com-
pelled to remain here when others are permitted
to go home, he ought to be allowed his per diem.
I think the amendment ought to be voted down
by every member, except by the gentleman who
offered it, and his name ought to stand alone upon
the record.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the Senate amend-
ment as amended:
But nothing in this proviso shall prevent a member of
Congress fiom receiving his mileage I'or attending any rcgu-
lai session thereof.
Mr. M. said: I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the fact that a liberal construc-
tion of the proviso opposed by the gentleman from
Indiana, and which has just, been adopted, a mem-
ber from Arkansas, or Texas, or California, who
might think proper after the adjournment of this
session of Congress, to remain here in Washing-
ton until next session, without going home, would
not be entitled to his mileage. I know it is not
the intention of the committee to exclude mileage,
except in the case of an extra session called im-
mediately upon the adjournment of the regular
session, and when amember could not possibly get
home. But unless my amendment is adopted,
that construction will certainly be put upon the
proviso of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOUSTON. By the law as it. now stands,
if this session should continue until within a short
time of, or up to the next session, members of
Congress would not be entitled to any mileage at
all. The law is that the mileage of members of
Congress shall be controlled, to some extent, by
the length of time between the two sessions.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have
passed that time now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe we have. But if
Congress should not adjourn until within a month
of the next session, the law would give each mem-
ber of Congress his eight dollars per diem for that
month, and deprive him of mileage. That is the
express law now. I do not think that the con-
struction which the gentleman from Virginia puts
upon the proviso of the gentleman from Indiana
is a correct one. I think the proviso against con-
structive mileage is a proper one, and it does not
interfere with the regular mileage of the members
of either House of Congress.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
the Senate as amended, it was put, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendmentasamended was concurred m.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend the title of
the bill by adding the words " and for other pur-
poses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay aside the bill
with the amendments to be reported to the House,
and to take up House bill, No. 196, making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1853. , ,
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The civil and diplomatic bill was taken up by
the committee for consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill is a long one, and
there is no necessity for reading it through, pie-
paratory to amendment. I hope the committee
will consent to have it read by paragraphs, and
that such amendments as may be designed, will
be offered as the reading progresses. That will
expedite action a good deal, especially if we confine
our debates to the amendments offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that the bill extends over forty-three pages. The
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] submits
the proposition that the preparatory reading of the
bill be dispensed with, and that the committee pro-
ceed at once to consider the bill by paragraphs.
It will be for the committee to determine.
■Mr. STUART. I hope the reading of the bill
will be dispensed with, because when debate is
closed and we enter upon the amendments, the bill
will have to be read through again.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in this. I propose to dispense with the first read-
ing of the bill, and to commence with the second
reading, that is, to read the bill by paragraphs, if
no general debate springs up. Should such be the
case, and we have to close debate, then we can go
on with the reading of the bill by paragraphs and
make amendments.
The question was put, and Mr. Houston's mo-
tion agreed to, and the Clerk proceeded to read
the first paragraph of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope the committee will un-
derstand what we are now doing. As I under-
stand it, according to the arrangement entered into
by the committee, unless amendments are made
as the sections to which they refer are read, they
cannot be made at all. We cannot refer back to
! a section after it has been passed over.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair announced be-
! fore the reading of the bill, that it was now open I
, to amendment. In order, however, that theie may j
be no misunderstanding, he will again remark, as .
j the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart^has I
, corrrectly remarked, that alter any section ol the
| bill has been passed over, the committee cttonot
' go back to it again without unanimous consent. [
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is any j
gentleman here who wishes to make presidential !
! speeches, or speeches in general, the time has ar- j
| rived when he can be gratified. [Laughter.] j
i Mr. FITCH. I have an amendment to offer to ;
i this bill. I desire to submit the proviso to which
i I have already alluded, in relation to constructive
! mileage, and have it inserted in this-bill, so that it
shall apply to the Executive sessions of the Sen-
ate, that there may be no doubt at all with re-
gard to that matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will suggest that there will be ample tune
for his amendment, and it will be better to submit
it as an independent section to come in at the end
of the bill.
Mr. FITCH. Will not that be ruled out of
order? r , . , ,
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not. I think the
gentleman's amendment is a good one, and ought
to be adopted by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment will he in order to come in at the end of the
bill, as a separate section, if he desires to offer it
there.
Mr. MEADE. So well satisfied am I that the
proviso ought to be adopted, excluding members
of Congress from receiving their mileage, except
for the regular sessions, that I am induced to offer
an amendment to the clause in this bill relating to
mileage, which will tend to explain it. I offer the
following amendment:
Provide,!, That no constructive mileage shall be allowed
for attending extra sessions of Congress.
Mr. FITCH. The difficulty against which the
gentleman desires to provide by his amendment,
I think can better be met by a separate section of
the bill. When the proper place arrives I will
offer ail amendment which will cover the whole
ground.
Mr. MEADE. Very well, then; I will with-
draw my amendment.
The Ci.erk having finished the reading of the
clause providing for the contingent expenses of
the two Houses,
Mr. FAULKNER obtained the floor, and ad-
. dressed the committee an hour, upon the political
I issues between the two parties, and particularly
i upon the subject of the compromise measures. In
i regard to the maintenance of the latter he argued
, that it was essential to the peace of the Union. In
1 speaking upon the subjectofthe Presidency, he said
he could not see that the election of General Scott
could contribute to the peace of the Union by
giving Stability and firmness to tha compromise
policy of 1850. [His remarks are published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. SKELTON obtained the floor.
[The Speaker here resumed the chair tempo-
rarily,] and
Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bills, which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to in-
corporate the Washington Gaslight Company,"
approved July 8, 1848;
An act to protect the actual settlers upon the
lands on the line of the Illinois Central Railroad
and branches, by granting preemption rights there-
to; and _ .
An act to" create three additional land districts
in the State of Iowa.]
Mr. COBB, (Mr. Skelton yielding the floor.)
I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for
allowing me the privilege of addressing the com-
mittee for a few moments. My object in address-
ing the committee now, is to notify them that
the very earliest day that 1 can possibly* get an
opportunity of doing so, either by a suspension
of the rules, or through the liberality of the
House—and t shall rely more particularly on the
liberality of the House—1 intend to bring up a
widow's claim. It is one that has already been
reported upon three times in this House, and a
bill has passed the House three times, but it has
always been lost in the Senate for want of time to
consider it. At the present session of Congress
the bill originated in the Senate, passed that body
almost unanimously, came down to this House,
and was referred to the Committee on Claims.
That committee, as is well known to this Honse,
scrutinizes every case that comes before them; and
in order to impress the committee with the merit
of the claim, 1 will simply state that the committee
have favorably reported upon it unanimously.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to adjust the accounts of a deceased
person, and to allow to his widow and six orphan
children, such an amount as he may find, upon the
testimony presented to him, to be absolutely due
to them. At the very earliest opportunity, I in-
tend to ask the House to take up that hill and pass
it. In doing so, they will be engaged in a pursuit
that will contribute more to the comforts of suffer-
ing humanity, than perhaps any other measure
which they could pass.
A Member.. What bill is it?
Mr. COBB. Senate bill No. 152. I will say
further that there is a bill upon the Calendar,
which I had the honor to report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, proposing to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands. I am be-
coming fearful that that bill may not be reached
before the adjournment, and as it is important
that the country should know my views upon
I that question, it may become necessary that I
| should submit them to the House and the coun-
try, so that the House may be prepared to vote
on that bill, if it should be reached; and that, if it
is not reached, the people may be able to tell their
Representatives, when they go home, that the bill
ought to he passed.
I would remark in conclusion that I have been
a constant attendant here since the commencement
of the session. I have not lost one single hour
here since the assemblage of Congress; not one
hour have I lost. But whilst I have been so faith-
ful an attendant upon the public business, I hove
some four or five little private cases. [Laughter.J
If I could get the House to consider them occa-
sionally, I am sure I would not tax them with
speeches the remainder of the session more than
1 have done during the ninemonths we have been
engaged here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask as a par-
ticular favor of the gentleman from Alabama, that
while he is attending to his private cases, he will
also look after one for me.
Mr. COBB. Oh, I cannot promise to do that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have succeeded in .get-
ting through the House, upon three several occa-
sions, a bill granting a donation to an old soldier
of my State whose leg was broken some time ego.
It has passed the House, but failed to be acted
upon in the Senate. Now 1 want my friend over
the way, in making his appeals to the House in
behalf of his own private cases, not to forget my
broken-legged soldier.
