1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
"271
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot have
the floor to submit that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the House now pass to the business upon the
Speaker's table—a motion having been made to
refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole upon
the state of the Union—if this bill will not go
to the Speaker's table and come up as the unfin-
ished business ?
The SPEAKER. That is the course the bill
will take.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then jU move to refer this
bill to the Committee of the Whole upon the state
of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
business upon the Speaker's table.
BRITISH WEST INDIA COLONIES.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States; which was read as follows, viz:
Washington, January 12, 1852.
To the House of Representatives:
In answei to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 5th instant, I herewith transmit to it a report
and accompanying papers fiom the Secietarv of State.
MfLLARD FILLMORE.
Department of State,
Washington, January 10, 1852.
To the President of the United States :
The Secretaiy ot State, to whom has been referred the
resolution which wa< adopted by the House of Represent-
atives ot the United States on the 5th instant, lequesting
the Prc&ident to communicate to that House, it not incom-
patible with the public interest, any infoimation he may
possess, respecting a cucular which was issued by the Sec-
retary of State for the British Colonial Department, on the
16th of October, 1650, relative to, the emplo) merit m her
Britannic Majesty's We&t India Colonies, of free blacks and
liberated slaves trom the United States, iland particularly
what action the Legislative Assemblies of the British West
India islands have taken in piusuance of the suggestions
contained" in said circular, has the honor to repott to the
President the accompanying copy of papers, which cmbrace
all the information possessed by this Department on the
subject oi the said resolution. Respectfully submitted.
DAN'L WEBSTER.
Mr. Lawrence to Mr. Webster.
Legation of the United States,
London, November 14, 1851.
Sir: A few weeks since George W. Owens, Esq., of
Georgia, called upon me to say that he had seen a newspa-
per, published in the Island of Antigua, containing a circu-
lai dispatch from the Colonial Office, recommending the
Bri?i-.h \Vo«t fridia Colonies to enter into contracts with
persons held m slavery in the United States. Soon alter the
interview he furnished ine with a copy ot the dispatch.
Mi. Owens seemed greatly annoyed at Lord Gre\ 's dis-
patch, although 1 told him that this Government could not
have the intention of noddling with slavery m the United
States. He, however, was anxious for an explanation
from the Government. T did not teel authorized, nor did
I think it wise lo make an official matter ot the subject, as
I believed I could accomplish the object in a more satisiac-
tory manner by a personal interview. I accordingly called
on Lord Palnierston, m the absence of Lord Grey, and ic-
ceived fiom hnn a verbal explanation,disclaiming any such
puipo>e as Mr. Owens had drawn from the language of the
dupatch. On Lord Grey's lefmn to town, I received fiom
him an infoimal note to the same effect. I immediately
wiote Mi. Owens a note, nnbodying the substance or these
explanations, mid received from him a reply, dated at Liv-
finool, expressing dissatisfaction with them. Not know-
in" what u^e he mav make in the United States of the cir-
cular dispatch, t deem it my duty to place you in possession
of a copy ot my letter to him. I have lead this letfei to
Lord Palmeibton. and haveicceived from him anassuiance
tha' it is entirely'm accordance with his own views, with
theViews ol'Loid Giey, and with those oftheCabinet Min-
isters.
The dispatch in question was, as you will see, sent to
the West Indies some time m the autumn of 1850, and a  it
has never been heaid of m the United Slates, 1 apprehend
it wa* nevei acted upon by the Colonial Legislatures. Jt
cjewout of the action ot the late Mr. TurnbuU, who was,
I belie\e, of the mixed Commission m Cuba, and an agent
of this Government in matters connected with the slave
tiade. He was in Washington about two yeais t-mce, and
while there saw many persons of Maryland, Villoma, and
other Southern State*, respecting the tree colored people of
those States, and communicated the result of his observa-
tions to this Government.
I sliou'id not have thought it neccssaiy to trouble you with
thU matter, if Mr. Owen had expressed himself :-atisfied
with my letter.
1 have the honor to be, sir, very reject fully,your obedi-
ent servant. ABBOT
Hon. Daniel Webster, Secretary of state, VV ashing-
ton.
Extract from the Antigua Weekly -Register, jmhlhhed in
the city of St. John's, 26£/i 2iovembpr, IrtnO.
house of assi-mbly, )
Thursday, November 21,1850. $
When the House was formed, which was not before two
o'clock. Mr. Speakei infoimcd the House that he had le-
ccived a message fiom the Goveinor-m-Chiet, vvnich he
read, as follows: _ .
" II. J. McIntosh, the Governor-in-Chiet, transmits, for
the information of the House of Assembly, the accompany-
ng copy of a circular dispatch which he has received from
her Majesty's Secretary of State, suggesting measures to
be adopted for the encouragement of emigration to the
West Indies from the United States.
" Government House, Antigua, November IB, 1850.
[circular.]
"Downing street, October 16, 1850.
(c Sir : I have to acquaint you that it has been suggested
to me that a desirable class of enugiants for the West In-
dian Colonies might be induced to dome to them fiom
among the black and coloied population ef the United
States, whose arrival and location, if they choose to come,
would, I have no doubt, be advantageous both to them-
selves and the colonies.
" I am not aware of anything which can be done by the
Colonial Governments to encourage such immigration be-
yond showing a readiness to pass acts giving the pnvilege
of naturalization to any such peisons as might come and
settle there, and pioviding that a bounty should be payable
on such immigrants, under such anaugements as may be
thought desnable.
"I could also suggest, as deserving of consideration,
whether Jaws might not be passed tendering binding, on
certain conditions, engagements to pay sums of money
which may have been agreed on b^imniigrant's, although
such engagements may have been contracted in America
and while the parties were m a state of slavery.
"I have, &c., GREY."
Mr. Lawrence to Mr. Owens.
London, November 8,1851.
My dear Sir : I hare just received a reply to my note
to Loid Palmereton, accompanied by Lord Grey's explana-
tion of the dispatch to which I called his attention. I am
assured thathe never intended to sanction or suggest enter-
ing into any airangement with regard to slaves not first
known to and approved by the masters; and that so far
from supposing tli.it any American would oi could complain
of the pioposcd arrangement, it wa^ believed the slavehold-
ers would receive it with satisfaction, and join in carr> ing
it into effect.
It appears that Lord Grey lias been aware for some time
that the West India Colonics are suffering for the want of
an adequate supply of labor. A gentleman from these col-
onies duected his attention to the fact that there weie m
some ot the slaveholdmg States a large number of free
blacks whom the whites would be glad to have removed,
and who would meet to a certain extent the wants of the
colonics. Knowing it to be the policy of the slave States
to ml themselves of such a population, he thought a meas-
ure contemplating such a lesult would be favorably re-
ceived by them.
He was further led to suppose, on the authority of cer-
tain American centlcmen, communicated to him through
tlx; same channel, that many slaveholders would avail them-
selves of such an opportunity to emancipate their slaves,
if they could be assured of their being lemoved from the
country.
lie was informed that the laws forbade emancipation,
unless the hheiated slaves were also removed, and that the
expense of tlm prevented persons who would otherwise
emancipate their slaves from doing so. But it was said a
measure would be acceptable which would enable Hich
persons to remove their slaves fiom the country when liber-
ated without expense to them-selve-5.
With this view he prepared a plan, which should aim at
the employment in the West India Colonies ot tree blacks
i fiom the United States; and should aKo offer to the plant-
| ers the prospect, not only of a removal of their liberated
! slaves without expense, but of a recovery of a poition ot
! their value also, lie lecommeuded thi  plan to the colomcs,
and wiote the circular m question in ihe bshef that the want
ot laboi would be supplied fiom these two sources, with the
assent and cooperation of the slaveholder and the govern-
ments of the slaveholdmg States.
It is to be regretted that, with such an end in view? lan-
guage. should have been employed capable of a dilleient
const! uetion ; but this explanation appeals to deprive it of
its objectionable character.
With great consideration, I remain, dear sir, very faith-
fully youis, ABBOTT LAWRENCE.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the communication
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY ESTIMATES.
TheSPEAIvER laid before the Iiousea commu-
nication from the Treasury Department, transmit-
ting a statement of additional appropriations re-
quired for the current fiscal year in the bureaus of
said Department, amounting to $16,500. Also,
for the contingent expenses of the branch Mint at
New Orleans,^12,000; and for annuities and drafts
§750; amounting m the aggregate to §29,250.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting statements from the War Department
! of additional appropriations necessary for thesup-
j port of the Army for the present fiscal year;
; which, „ ,
I On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, was referred to
! the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
! to be printed.
I DEFICIENCY ESTIMATES—DEPARTMENT
! OF THE INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from t|ie Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting estimates of appropriations ne-
cessary to meet deficiencies in the service of-this
Department for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1852, amounting to some $700,000.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON", it was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if it would not be better to send that communica-
tion back to the Department of the Interior and
ask them to submit their estimates according to
the laws, and what has heretofore been the prac-
tice. It has always been the practice, and I be-
lieve the law requires it, that they shall submit
their estimates to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and he shall send them in here. Some days ago
we had an estimate from the Navy Department,
and now we have one from the Department of the
Interior. I suppose in a short time the War De-
partment will present one, too; and after a while
the Secretary of the Treasury will also submit
one. In my opinion, they should all be sentback,
and made in accordance with the law and custom.
I move, therefore, that this communication be
returned to the Secretary of the interior, and that
he be directed to submit it according to law.
Mr. STANLY. If the Secretary of the Inte-
rior has been guilty of any neglect or duy, he has
not done so certainly with any intention. I hope
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will not
resort to this mode of proceeding. After the com-
mittee have had this paper under examination,-
they can report such resolution and send it back;
but to throw it back now in the face of the Secre-
tary, is ccrtainly not becoming ourselves or him.
I hope my friend from Tennessee will not, insist
upon his motion, for I think it is a little uncour-
teous.
Mr. JONES. The manner in which they make
their reports to Congress looks alittle uncourteous,
to say the ieast of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made no reply to my friend
from Tennessee, because I took it for granted that
the remarks he had made would bring the subject
to the attention of the heads of the Department,
so that they would hereafter pursue the ordinary
course of communicating through the Secretary of
the Treasury to Congress. I believe, with the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, (Mr. Stanly,] that
it would be, probably, too severe a rebuke to send it
back. The remarks of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee ha\e sufficiently presented the subject to
the attention of the heads of the Departments; so
much so, that they will hereafter follow the Jaw
and custom upon that subject. It is certainly
irregular and unusual to make this sort of com-
munication, but still I agree with the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanxy] that it would
probably be too decided a step for us to take, at
this time, to send it back.
Mr. JONES. It certainly would not be any
stronger expression of the House towards that
Department than this course is, upon the part of
the Department, uncourteous towards the House.
The law requires, if I mistake not, that the several
Departments shall submit their estimates to the
Congress of the United States through the Treas-
ury Department. The Treasury Department is
required by law to make its report directly to the
Congress of the UnitedsStates. Sincel have been
here it has been the uniform practice, I Relieve,
when the Secretary of the Treasury submits his
annual estimates of appropriations to accompany
th em also with such estimates for deficiencies for
the current year as the several Departments may
report to him. If gentlemen think that the course
I suggested would be too severe a rebuke towards
the Secretary, I will withdraw the motion 1 made,
and move to lay the communication upon the
table, and there let it rest until it comes to us in a
proper manner.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the communication was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I understand that there is a sim-
ilar communication from the Navy Department,
which has been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. I move to reconsider the vot&
by which it was so referred, m order that it, too,
may be laid upon the table until sent in In the
regular manner.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman from
