%
272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14.
Tennessee is mistaken ill regard to that commu-
nication.
Mr. BAYLY, I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nesse'e [Mr. Jones] has already submitted a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the estimates
from the Navy Department were sent in in the
correct manner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will with-
draw my motion, and move now to reconsider
the vote on the motion to lay that last communi-
cation upon the table, and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the House will not lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table. (Cries
of "Order!") Gentlemen are acting under a
XtllStdrlC6
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon his motion t and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Arkansas to withdraw that motion for a little
while. W e can then pass by this question of recon-
sideration, and refer the bills upon the Speaker's
table, many of which have been there for nearly a
month, and ought to be referred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I withdraw my
motion for that purpose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, renewed the mo-
tion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER, on. that motion, demanded
the yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 97, noes 52.
So the House adjourned until twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, gave notice of the following
bills:
A bill to revive and continue in force lor a limited time
the provisions of an act relative to suspended entries of
public land.
Also, a hill to legalize certain entries of public land in the
State of Florida.
Also, a bill to authorize and require the survey of the
public lands in tlie State of Florida, now occupied by tile
Seminole Indiana, and for other purposes.
Mi. MARSHALL, of California, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of sufferers
by fire in the city of San Francisco in the years 1849,1850,
and 1851.
Mr. STF.VE1VS, of Pennsylvania, gave notice that he
will on to-morrow, or at some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to amend the tariff act of 1840.
By Mr. y AT lit5!: A bill to grant to the States of Illinois.
Indiana, and Ohio, the nirht of way and a portion of the
puhlu- lands to aid the said States "in making that portion
of the Not tliern Cros* Railroad ui the j*?tate ot Illinois lying
between tiio Mississippi ami Illinois rivers, and in extend-
ing: paid road from Spnnjr/lchl, Illinois, to the eastern line
of said State, and thence Through the States! of Indiana and
Ohio to Toledo, on Lake Ene.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and refeired to the appiopriate committees: !
By Mi. SMITH : The petition of John Baird, praying to
i>c minimised in certain moneys spent for the Govern-
ment.
Also, the petition of John IIaigrove and others, praying
the (vtabh-hmentoi'a post road from the city of Tuskaloosa
via Hardy demons'* Cotton Factory, to Scott?ville.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The memorial of sundiy citizens
ot the county ot Morgan, Stnte ol Virginia, playing an
amendment «f the act of Congress of the 28th*3eptembcr
1850, granting land bounty. '
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Moor, late master arm-
orer at the Harper'^ Ferty National Armory, pra\mg com-
pensation tot certain inventions and improvements in
machinery used by the Government.
Also, ihe petition of Samuel W. Biadv, of Frederick
county, Virginia, a disabled soldier of the Mexu •an war,
praying to he placed on the pension roll.
By Mr. MOOKE,ot Pennsylvania: The memorial of John
i* . Duma*?, of Philadelphia, asking the appointment of a
Committee on Claims of his father against the Spanish
iiovernment. *
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 14, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Btjtler.
executive communication.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, with estimates of appropriation neces-
sary to meet deficiencies in the seryi&e of that De-
partment for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1852; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Sarah
Flinn, praying compensation for supplies fur-
nished the United States Army in Florida; also
the petition of David Osburn, in relation to the
same subject*, both of which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of An-
drew Rassmussbn, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered under an appointment from an
inspector of the customs for the district of Oswego,
New York, in 1812; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass a law
to prohibit absolutely the deportation, banishment,
or immigration from foreign countries to the Uni-
ted States of any and all convicts, felons, and pau-
pers, publicly recognized as such at home in their
own countries; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Joseph Rodney Croskey,
American Consul at Cowes and Southampton,
England, praying remuneration for expenses in-
curred in entertaining the officers of the United
States ship St. Lawrence, and in the reception of
Kossuth; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affaiis.
Also, the petition of Lieutenants Thomas Bing-
ham and William A. Hammond, officers of the
United States Army serving in New Mexico,
praying for themselves and in behalf of the sol-
diers under their command, an increase of pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of the
Arkansas Central Railroad Company, praying a
grant of land and right of way, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Memphis, on the
Mississippi river, to the boundary of Texas; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Iowa, praying a donation of land to
that State for the construction of a railroad from
Burlington, on the Mississippi river, to some point
on the Missouri river; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of mem-
bers of the General Assembly of the State of
Georgia, praying an increase of the salary of the
United States district judge for that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the menional of Philip F. Vooihees,onthe
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Frances E. Baden, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Tobias Purrington, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of William Gray-
son, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. GW1N, it was
Ordered, That the petition of olficcrs and soldiers of the
Army who served in California, on the files of the Senate,
be refeired to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State
of Arkansas the right of way and a portion of the
public iand to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point on the Mississippi river, opposite
the town of Memphis, Tennessee, via Little Rock,
to some point on Red river, on the border of
Texas.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Thomas H. Leggett, reported it without amend-
ment, accompanied by a report, which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from theCommittee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution for the
relief of Alexander P. Field, late Secretary of
Wisconsin Territory, and sureties, reported back
the same without amendment, accompanied by a
report, which was ordered to be. printed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the select committee
to whom was referred the bill to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
French previous to the 31st of July, 1801, report-
ed it back without amendment, accompanied by a
report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH submitted the views of the mi-
nority of the abjve committee, adverse to the
allowance of said claims; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mrs. Mary Walker, widow of Major George P.
Walker, submitted an adverse report; and in con-
currence therewith it was
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Emily C. B. Thomp-
son, widow of Commodore Charles Thompson,
submitted a report; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and, in concurrence therewith,
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
m*erce, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan relative to the construc-
tion of a ship-canal around the Falls of Ste. Marie,
submitted a report; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and, in concurrence there-
with,
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
On motion by Mr. H., it was
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill to in-
crease the salary of the district judge of the United
States for the southern district of Florida, report-
ed it without amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill declaring
the assent of Congress to the State ofMissouri to
impose a tax on lands hereafter sold by the United
States therein from and after the day of sale, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill to
grant the right of preemption to settlers on the
public lands known as the Maison Rouge Grant,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report on the subject, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill to aid
the State ofLouisiana in reclaiming the overflowed
•lands therein, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill to admit a
certain vessel to registry, reported it with an
amendment, and on his motion the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
The reported amendment having been agreed to,
the bill was reported to the Senate", and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Ordered, That the amendment be engrossed a nd the bil
read a third time.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam D. Acken and Julia Acken, reported a bill
for the relief of Julia Acken; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the (Committee on Public
Lands, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill to authorize the construction of railroads
through the public lands 111 certain cases; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a resolution
explanatory of the act approved September
1850, entitled " An act granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have "been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States,"
reported it back with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
as in Committee of the Whole, with the amend-
ment reported thereto; and,
