*048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2.
Mr. COBB. If the case is before the House
from a committee, I will consider it certainly.
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, of which I am anyewber, have
agreed to report a bill to this House for the pur-
pose of establishing an Agricultural* Bureau. I
nave written out the arguments Which have con-
vinced me of the necessity of such an establish-
ment; but as .the sessi'on is far advanced, and as
there is a large amount of public business press-
ing, I propose, for the purpose of expediting busi-
ness, and, at the same time, laying before the
House and the country the reasons which have
induced me, and which have induced a majority
of the Committee on Agriculture, to recommend
the establishment of such a bureau, to ask 'the
privilege Of publishing my remarks, and having
them placed among the proceedings of the House
[Mr. S.'s speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand there
is no amendment pending to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. JONES. I wish to offer an amendment to
the first clause of the hill, separating the appro-
priation for mileage in the ninth, tenth, and elev-
enth lines, which now read as follows:
" For compensation and mileage of Senators, members
of the House of Representatives, and Delegates, $440,128,}'
I-t is now made out in one aggregate sum, cov-
ering the compensation and mileage of Senators,
members of this House, and the Delegates from
the Territories. I wish to separate the appropria-
tion, so that we may give the necessary amount
for the compensation and mileage of Senators,
and then the necessary amount for the compensa-
tion and mileage of the members of the House
and Delegates from the Territories. 1 propose
no alteration in the amount to be appropriated.
"When the appropriation is made, as has hereto-
fore been the custom of Congress, the entire
amount is subject to the draft of the officers of
either House. I wish the amount appropriated
to each House specified, so that each House shall
be responsible for its fund, and the expenditure
thereof. I propose to insert, in place of the ninth,
tenth, and eleventh line?, the following.
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $ 10-4,077;
for compensation and mileage of Members of this House,
and Delegates from the Territories, $333,352.
The CHAIRMAN. That section of the bill
having been passed over, cannot be amended ex-
cept by the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to insert that in
lieu of the joint appropriation as it stands in the
bill. The amendment makes precisely the same
amount of appropriation, but appropriates to each
House a specific sum.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was received and adopted by the committee.
Mr. HOWE, ff it is the pleasure of the com-
mittee, I will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. ALLISON". If my colleague will give
way, I will move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. HO WE. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ALLISON. I then submit 'that motion.
The question \tfas put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee Accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the ehair, the chairman [Mr.
Phelps] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No. 89, ma-
king appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy at West Point, and for other purposes,
with Senate amendments thereto, and had in-
structed him to report the same to the House,
having agreed to some of .the amendments and
disagreed to others, with an amendment. They
also had had under consideration House bill No.
196, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to recommit the Mil-
itary Academy bill, with the amendments, to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Why can we not pass it
now ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I should be glad to have it
done, if it is not too late to pass it now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not too late.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thert I will withdraw tha
motion to recommit, and m-ove to put the bill upon
its passnge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state to the
House, with the permission of the gentleman frofri
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that the gentleman
&om Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] who offered the pro-
viso to this bill in relation to the constructive
mileage, is satisfied that it wiH not effect his ob-
ject. He had proposed an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic bill which will cover the case.
1 have read his amendment, &nd I perfectly concur
with him in relation to it. I wiH go with him as
far as any member of this House to check this
practice or stop it, but as the amendment is worded
which has been attached to this bill, it cannot
effect the object. I think, therefore, that this
amendment of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will only be calculated to
embarrass the bill and the intercourse between
the two Houses, without effecting the object for
which it was intended. 1 ask, therefore, that
those who are for restricting that practice will vote
down this amendment, and let it be offered in a
new form to the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Pitch] told me he intended to say to the
House that he wo-uld be willing it should vote
down this amendment. He submitted to me the
amendment, which he has since prepared, and I
think it is much more satisfactory, i ask, there-
fore, that the vote may be taken upon concurring
in the action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union relative to this proviso,
and then upon concurring in its other action upon
the bill.
The question was then taken, and the House
non-concurred with the committee in the adoption
of the proviso relative to constructive mileage.
The question was then taken on concurring
with the committee in its other action upon the
Senate amendments, and the House concurred
therein.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Roads and Canals a hill for the
construction of a ship canal around the Falls of the
Ohio at Louisville. My object is merely that it
may be referred, so that it may be printed and be
before the House at the commencement of the
next session.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object. We have had
rivers and harbors enough for one session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have printed
and refened to the Committee on Indian Affairs
the papers which I hold in my hand.
Air. STANTON. I believe 1 have the floor.
I move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
enabling me to introduce my resolution.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the gentleman from
Ohio merely desires to introduce his bill for the
, purpose of reference, I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Then the report will be re-
ceived, if there is no objection.
Mr. STANTON. I will submit this proposi-
tion to the House, that it be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
printed, and made the special order of the day for
| the first Monday in December next.
1 [Loud cries of " Object!"]
I Mr. STANTON. Very well; then I will move
i simply that it be referred to the Committee of the
j Whole on the state of the Union, and printed.
1 The SPEAKER. It will be so ordered.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object.
I Mr. STANTON. I think the objection came
1 too late.
j Mr. JONES. I objected to the bill being in-
; troduced in the first place.
! Mr. STANTON. But the rules have been sus-
! pended, and the report is here.
Mr. JONES. There has been no suspension
1 of the rules for any such purpose.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
i imous consent of the House to introduce the pa-
; pers to which I before alluded to, and have them
, referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
j Mr. STANTON. I believe I still have the
' floor. If the report for which 1 asked the permis-
sion of the House to enable me to submit, has not
I been received, I move to suspend the rules for that
| purpose.
I Mt. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio proposed to submit a
report from the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The Speaker called upon the House to know if
there were any objections, and none were offered.
"He submitted his report, and stated what dispo-
sition he wished made of it. The Chair announced
the report to have been received before any objec-
tion was made to its reception. I submit> there-
fore, that the objection came too late.
Mr. JONES. I objected when the gentleman
first asked permission to submit his report. The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland]
objected also, but after explanation withdrew his
objection. The Chair then stated that if there
was no objection, the rep.ort would be received,
when I again objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
objection to have been withdrawn to the gentle-
man's introducing the report. The gentleman then
submitted the motion that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be printed, and the Chair stated that it
would be so ordered, unless objected to, and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] objected.
The Chair understood his objection to apply to
the printing only.
Mr. JONES. I objected to making the report
at all.
Mr. SMART. I move that the House do now
adjourn. I believe that is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] to allow me, be-
fore he makes that motion, to make a report, and
ask that it may be printed and referred.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. That is only what
I asked to do.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman's case is a
very different one from my own.
Mr. JONES. I objected to receiving the re-
port of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
The SPEAKER. Thp report was received be-
fore the Chair heard any objection from the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. STANTON. I make the motion that the
report be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed. That is all I want. Let the motion be
entered, and then it can be brought up next Mon-
day.
Mr. JONES. I contend that the report is not
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
report is before the House, and the question is
upon having it referred and printed. To that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] objected.
Mr. JONES, [objected, and so did the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland.] He
withdrew his objection, but 1 never did mine.
Mr. SMART. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tleman to order until I can get a hearing. Gen-
tleman cannot ail talk at a time, and not take the
I floor at all. 1 will state to the House that a call
was made upon the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs for information as to the manner in which
the money belonging to the Indians east of the
Mississippi river had been expended. This was
done in order to see whether those moneys had
been expended rightly by the individuals who re-
ceived them, and that the people might look into
the accounts to see thut they were right. Here is
the answer to that call from the Indian Bureau,
and from the Second Auditor's department. I ask
that it be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and printed.
No objection was made, and an order to that
effect was entered.
Mr. STANLY. I want to make a motion to
suspend the rules, and let the motion lie over until
next Monday, as the House is thin, and not m a
condition to act upon it now. My motion is to
suspend the rules in order to appoint a day for
the consideration of the bill for the relief of the
indigent insane.
Mr. SMART. There is no quorum, and I
move the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will ask the sren-
tleman from Maine to withdraw his motion for a
moment. The House seems to be in good humor,
and has as good an opportunity to do an act of
justice as it wili have during the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stawx-y] made a motion, and pend-
