1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
revenue from the public lands; and by others,
that it disjointed and discontinued the surveys of
the public lands. If that were the case, much as
I aw in favor of this bill, I should be reluctant to
vote for it, because I regard our present system
of land surveys as one of the most perfect ever
devised by the wit of man. I would not for any-
thing break it up, and have ourselves thrown back
into that confusion of land titles which has been
witnessed in the State of Kentucky, and in other
States of this Union, where our present model sys-
tem of land surveys has not obtained. I repeat, that
I would not be willing, upon any reasonble terms,
to return {£> that old system so fruitful of lawsuits
and so fraught with evil to the community. Such is
not, however, the operation of this bill. But gen-
tlemen ask, " Do you think that the Government
will pay the expense of these surveys of the pub-
lic lands, and derive no benefit from the sales?"
Not at all. I do not expect any such thing. But
I ,do expect the Government to bear the expense
of these surveys, and derive about the same rev-
eaue as is now derived from the land sales. How
do 1 prove it? In this way, sir. When, it? 1846
and 1850, the bounty land bills of those two years
became laws, we all know that the same cry went
forth of "no more revenuefrom the public lands."
But was that the effect? Was that prediction veri-
fied by the result ? Certainly not. The land sales
went on as usual, and though they were not as
large as in the years 1835, '36, and '37, when we
Were cursed with an inflated paper currency, yet
they ran up about to the average sales in those
years when the currency was in a healthy con-
dition. And the reason of this is, that the mail
who to-day makes a location on Government land,
and in five years receives his patent for it, will
purchase other lands for himself and his childien,
just as soon as he accumulates funds enough to
accomplish it. And if he can collect together suf-
ficient money even before he obtains his patent,
he will purchase the land around him. There
is a desire common to all mankind, and not less
striking,in the American than in the European char-
acter, to acquire title to land. This is one of the
instincts of our nature, and men will drain their
pockets of the last dollar to buy laud. They will
almost suffer, and let their families suffer for want
of the common necessaries of life, in order that :
they may accumulate land for their children. Much j
will continue to be the case when this bill is passed,
arid my word for it the receipts from land sales j
will continue, and we shall see repeated the results :
of 1846 and 1850, granting military bounty land I
warrants to our soldiers; it will not materially i
diminish the receipts of the land office from the!
sales of the public lands. It may do it to some j
extent, but no* so much as is anticipated. ;
Now, my friend from New Yoilc, [Mr. Ji.:\*~ ]
in.vs,]—and the same renurk has been made by
two or three gentlemen—leferred to the receipts in !
1835, '3(j,and '37, as a criterion in estimating these ;
land sales. But that is no safe uiterion at all.
Those exorbitant sales of lands were produced by :
an inflated paper currency, which flooded the whole !
country, and resulted not only in bankruptcy to ,
the people of the land States, but also to those of I
the manufacturing and mercantile sections of the i
Union. I believe that the land sales ran up to some- j
thing like forty millions of dollai s in two years, in 1
those times But that is no criterion whatever, j
That was one of those ^reat monetary expansions ,
superinducing a oisis that bankrupted the greater !
portion of those who had been engaged m specu- \
lation. Under the healthy operation of our land ;
system, the land sales in this country have yielded '
not far from two millions of dollars a year.
1 believe it was the honorable gentleman from
Xew York [Mr, Sutherland] who undertook 1
to prove by figures—and 1 do not at all question ;
his proof—that one million of acres a year had ;
been, in times past, about the amount required j
in this country for actual settlement. Well, now, ;
gentlemen, by a little calculation, can see how |
long it would take, at tiie rate of one million of !
acres a year, to exhaust the fourteen hundred ,
millions of acres of land that this Government i
owns. And then there would have to be an abate- ,
men'- from that amount of the lands which would
be purchased by those who would prefer to select ;
and pay for a home of their choice, rather than to '•
he under the necessity of occupying land five i
years before perfecting their titles. j
Afr. Chairman, this is a bill which appeals I
directly to the human heart, and awakens the best
feelings of our nature. It is a bill which says to
the landless, and homeless, and houseless, who
are tenants to others, You shall have a home, to be
won and earned by your own perseverance and
industry. You have but to locate upon the lands
of this Government, and after remaining there
faithfully for the term of five years, you shall re-
ceive a patent, and then you will feel that you are
one of the lords of the soil—that you are an
American citizen, and have a home to live upon.
Gentlemen have compared the objects of this
bill to the provisions made by the French Govern-
i ment, and by other Governments, to furnish labor
and support to their needy citizens. Sir, there is
no resemblance whatever between them. Our
pension system is much more analogous. This
bill does not propose to furnish bread to the bread-
less, or meat to the hungry, but it says to all
such, " There is the land of the£rovernment. Go
upon it and work, and make a living for your-
self." It. stimulates industry. It says to the
man who is without a home: "There is a home
for you. There is a place where, by industry and
by work, you can make a living, and. secure an in-
dependence for yourself and your family." Instead
of furnishing meat and bread to the hungry, to
the idle, the lazy, and the loafer, they are 'each
told to earn their living by the sweat of their brow,
and are pointed to the land on which it can be
[ done. We thus offer an additional admonition,
; and furnish an additional stimulant to our people
j to go and earn a livelihood by honest industry.
The opponents of this mode of granting land insist
that it is a gratuity or charity, which 1 think is
clearly not the case. If their premises are wrong,
ti>e force of their deductions from these premises
i will be destroyed. It is no charity, because
I there is reciprocity in the agreement; there are
mutual understandings or covenants between
! parties competent to contract, by which corre-
sponding rights are acquired, and obligations im-
posed,
i The Government virtually says to one of her
; citizens: 1 have a wide domain of public lands,
j and desire their settlement; do you go and select a
: tract of one hundred and sixty acres, and as a
! condition precedent reside on it for five consecutive
! years, and I will grant you a title in fee simple;
I which proposition the citizen accepts; and when
j he complies with the condition precedent, that.
: being the consideration on his part, then, and not
' till then, is he entitled to a patent.
; The same thing is done by private individuals
: and companies ow ning town sites oil large tracts
of wild lands. They make grants for thepurpose
, of inducing settlement and improvement, and re-
gard themselves as benefited by the operation.
| These undertakings are regarded as mutually be-
, nelicent to the parties concerned, and such will be
f the effect of these grants by the Government.
; When a farm is made on a tract of land, we all
know that it brings into market the neighboring
lauds. The one follows the other, as certainly as
eileet follows its cause ill any other instance. The
, Government has those lands. What can she do
, with them better than to have them settled by hardy
j and industrious formers ? What other use, indeed,
: has she for them? None that I can conceive of.
! The fanners who would occupy these lands must
: of necessity augment the exports and imports of
. the country, increase the revenue from duties, give
employment to seamen, manufacturers, citizens,
■ and indeed the products of their labor would be
felt in all the ramifications of life.
: I indorse all tiiat has been said by the friends
of this bill in regard to its efficacy in transforming
• the same community into better citizens; it will
' elevate their character, make them feel that they
■ have a stake in the country, and awaken in then-
hearts an imperishable love of, and attachment to,
their homes. It will nerve the arm of the soldier
! in the hour of peril; and though all cannot say,
"This is my own, my native land," yet the enii-
! grant m our midst will feel that m consequence of
the bounty of our Government, the home of his
adoption is more dear to him than the land of
his nativity.
; In the year 1795, during the administration of
' General Washington, and near its close, the fol-
; lowing bill was passed, granting land to the
French inhabitants of Gallipolis, and approved by
' him on the 3d of March of that year:
" Sec. 4, Jini te it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered to cause to be surveyed, laid off, and di-
vided, the remaining 80,000 acres ot land, residue of the
24,QUU acres, into as many lots, or parts, as the actual set-
tlers of Gallipolis shall on ascertainment afoiosaid amount
to, and the same to be designated, marked, and numbered
on a plat thereof, to be returned to the Secretary of the said
Territory, together with a certificate of the courses of the
said lots, the said lots or parts of the aforesaid tract, to be
assigned to the settlers aforesaid by lot. And the President
of the United States is hereby authorized and empowered
to issue letters patent as aforesaid, to the said actual set-
tlers and their heirs, for the said 20,008 acres, to be held by
them in severalty m lots to be designated and described by
their numbers on the plat aforesaid, with condition in the
same letters patent, that if one or more of the said grantees,
his or her assignees, shall not. within five years from the date
of tbe same letters, make or cause and procure to ho made
an actual settlement on the lot or lots assigned to him, her,
or they, and the same continue for five years thereafter,
that then the said letters patent, so far as concerns the said
lot or lots not settled and connnued to be settled as afore-
said, shall cease and determine, and the title thereof shall
revert in the United States, in the same manner as if this
law had not passed."
The Gallipolis act, it will be perceived, grants
the title prior to the expiration of the terra of five
years' occupation and settlement, whilst the bill
now under consideration requires the five years'
occupation to be complied with as a condition pre-
cedent; otherwise the measures are very much the
same in principle.
Arkansas grants her public lands that have been
forfeited to the State for taxes to actual settlers,
for the purpose of inducing immigration. Texas
has offered similar inducements to immigrants.
This Government has held out similar inducements
to persons who would emigrate to Oregon.
Now, let us look for a moment at the system
which has been adopted by some of the other
States. Take, for example, Kentucky. That State
became the owner of large tracts of public land.
She reduced the price to a mere nominal amount,
m some instances as low as twelve and a half cents
per acre. And what has been the result of it ? Has
it been, as my friend from Maine [Mr. Puller]
seemed to anticipate, that the country would be
settled by loafers and idlers, such as they have in
Canada? Not so. The result has been that
Jackson's purchase, in the southern part of Ken-
tucky, represented now for some fourteen years
on this floor by the Speaker, (the Hon. Linn"
Born. of Kentucky,) has been settled by worthy,
intelligent, and enterprising people; who, though
poor at first, are gradually becoming wealthy, and
that country is rapidly growing and improving;
and the passing traveler is astonished at the growth
of its towns and cities, and the number and extent
of its farms. Look at the State of Georgia. By
an arrangement between that State and the General
Government it was agreed that the latter should
extinguish the Indian title to a large tract of land
known as the Cherokee country; and what was
the policy of that Stale? It was a wise policy—
the same as that adopted in parcelingoutthelands
at Galhpcfciis. She determined to give that land to
her citizens without charge, and she proceeded by
lottery to decide the tract that each one should
receive. This being done, the title was at once
perfected, without requiring previous settlement
on the land.
What has been the result ? Has it been to peo-
ple the Cherokee country with a setof loafers and
loungers, whose only object was to obtain a title to
the land and then dispose of it as has been sup-
posed would be the operation under this bill by
my friend from Maine? Not so. I will venture
to say that there is not in any one portion of that
Empire Slate of the South, nor is there in any por-
tion of the whole country, a more enterprising, in-
dustrious, and thrifty people than is to be found in
the Cherokee country, in Georgia. A few years
since that was an Indian country, hut it now con-
tains perhaps one third of the population of tliat
State.
It is not necessary for our friends to seek for
examples drawn from Canada, Great Britain, or
any other foreign Government. Let them rather
come home to our own country, and profit by the
examples of such of our States as have practiced
upon this policy. I hold, sir, that the plan ofthh
bill is better, if possible, than that, carried out by
the State of Georgia, or that adopted in regard to
the grant to inhabitants of Gallipolis; because in
the State of Georgia the settler was not required to
remain upon the land for any length of time in or-
der to secure his title. This, I regard as a most
essential feature. By the provisions of this bill,
the settler is not only required actually to take
