THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, "
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1859.
ing that motion the "gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Smart] moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ORR. There was a motion pending which
should have been disposed of before the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] could claim
the floor. It was the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] upon the question of
printing the report he submitted. That motion
has not yet been disposed of.
Mr. STANLY. That was passed half an hour
ago.
The SPEAKER. There was no objection on
the part of the House to printing the report. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. .Tones] said he
objected to receiving the report.
Mr. ORR. There were objections.
The SPEAKER.. The question is upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. SMART. I cannot.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 3, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev, Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Charles K. Gardner, late postmaster at Washing-
ton city, praying the payment of commissions on
postage which he alleges to be due him; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SOULE presented thememorial of Eleonore
Mioton, widow of Auguste Douce, praying in-
demnity for property destroyed by a mob in the
city of Mexico; which was referred to the select
committee appointed on the subject of claims
against Mexico.
Also, the memorial of Henry Stevens, praying
the appointment of a tribunal to review the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners for the
settlement of claims of citizens of the United
States against Mexico; which was referred to the
select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
David Butler, late military storekeeper in the
Army of the United States, praying certain allow-
ances which he claims to have been due him while
in charge of Mount Vernon Arsenal and Port
Morgan; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of Betsey
Wheeler and others, heirs-at-law of Artemas
Wheeler, praying the renewal and extension of
the patent granted to said Wheeler for improve-
ments in fire-arms; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of a committee
of the Massachusetts Medical Society, praying
that a committee may be appointed to classify,
embody, and arrange the statistics of the deaths m
the several towns of the United States, and the
diseases or causes of them, reported in the last
census returns; which was ordered to be laid on
the table.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of P. A.
Hargous and the " New Orleans Company,"
American claimants of the right of way across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, praying protection in
their rights or indemnity for the wrongs done
them by Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented documents in
support of the claim of Aaron H. Hoyt to a pen-
sion for services in the war of 1819; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of
Catharine Butts, to bounty laud for the services
of her late husband in the revolutionary war;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of
129
Jacob Cole to a pension for services in the war of
the Revolution; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Foxhaii A. Parker, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claims of
Sarah Shatto, heir of Jolm Walker, and Alary Green, heir
of James McKinney, on tile flies of the Senate, be refened
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the pe-
tition of Catherine Proctor Hayden, praying pay-
ment of balance found due on settlement of her
father's account for advances made during the rev-
olutionary war, and also of seven years' half-pay
due her as the heir of Colonel John White, of the
Fourth Georgia Battalion, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill for her relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
W ashington Morehead, praying that J oseph More-
head, late an officer in the Navy, may be allowed
his pay from the time of his dismissal from the
service, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of Joseph Morehead; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Philo
Smith, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the following
petitions, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, which was agreed to:
Petition of Harriet 0. Read, executrix of the
late Lieutenant Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the
United States Army, praying compensation for
extra services of Colonel Fanning;
Petition of citizens of Springfield, Massachu-
setts, praying that the armories of the United
States may be placed under the superintendence of
civil instead of military officers;
Eight petitions of clerks, messengers, and others
employed in the War Departmen t and Bureaus,
praying an increase of their salaries;
Petition of Juan Fernandez, praying indemnifi-
cation for cattle destroyed by the Indians in Texas;
Petition of citizens of Ohio, praying that pen-
sions and extra pay may be allowed to private
physicians employed for the volunteers during the
late war with Mexico;
Petition of officers of volunteer companies m
the District of Columbia, praying the construction
of an armory in the city of Washington, for the
safe keeping and preservation of the arms furn-
ished them by Government;
Petition of Colonel William F. Small, tendering
to the Government the services of a regiment of
volunteers, for the defense of the eastern frontier
of California;
Petition of Isaac Bush, John Price, and I homas
Suarez, praying compensation for themselves and
j the officers and men under their command during
I the Seminole war in Florida;
I Resolution of the Legislature of Georgia m favor
| of the establishment of a depot of arms at the Sand
! Hills, near Augusta; _
! Petition of the "Green Mountain Rifle Corps,
praying that the Secretary of War may be author-
ized to furnish the corps with arms and accoutre-
ments; and .
Petitions of officers of the Army, praying that
the quarters of officers at permanent military posts
may be furnished. ,
He also, from the same committee, to winch
was referred the petition of Thomas S. J. John-
son, praying payment for wagons taken for the
use of the United States Army m New Mexico,
submitted an adverse report thereon.
New Series No. 129.
Mr. SHIELDS. There was a memorial pre-
sented to the Senate of the Board of Visitors ap-
pointed to attend the examination of the Military
Academy at West Point, recommending an in-
crease in the number of cadets, an extension of
the teim of education, and an enlarged course of
studies. The Secretary of War has made a re-
port on that subject. The committee therefore
ask to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial, and that the communica-
tion from the Secretary ofWar be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Charles McCormick, an assistant surgeon in
the Army, praying compensation for extra ser-
vices, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. P. B. Haxss, its Chief
Clerk, announcing that it had agreed to all the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
" making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1853," except the amendment appropriating
$12,000 for the erection of a riding-hall.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
ceded from its amendment disagreed to by the
House.
NORTH AMERICAN FISHERIES.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 23d ultimo, requesting
information in regard to the fisheries on the coasts
of the British Possessions in North America, a
report from the Acting Secretary of State, and the
documents by which it was accompanied; and
stating that Commodore M. C. Perry, with the
United States steam frigate Mississippi, under his
command, had been dispatched to that quarter for
the purpose of protecting the rights of American
fishermen under the convention of 1818.
The message was read.
Mr.'CASS moved to refer the documents to the
Committee''3ft Foreign Relations, and spoke for
near an hour, contending that the construction
given by the British Ministry was utterly untena-
ble, and urged with much fervor the importance
of protecting the fishermen in all their just rights,
declaring the movement of England as most extra-
ordinary, to say the least.
Mr. DAVIS'spoke at length, maintaining the
opinion heretofore expressed by him, that no war
would grow out of the existing differences, though
he thought there was much in the conduct of the
British that might be classed as irritating and vex-
atious. He did not think Great Britain wanted a
war, but if she did she could have it; he would
never surrender an iota of our rights to Her.
Mr. HAMLIN followed, going into a'critical
examination of the treaty, descanting on the cor-
respondence in relation to it, insisting that the in-
terpretation put on the treaty by the American
Government was right, and should be sustained at
all hazards, givins "it as his opinion that the con-
duct of England could never be submitted to with-
out dishonor and disgrace. Mr. H. did not con-
clude his remarks. [These speeches will be tound
in the Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the further con-
sideration of the President's message was post-
poned until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jliigvst 3, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
