2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August S,
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the reception of a report from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table,
Senate bill No. 206, granting a pension to Mrs.
Elizabeth V. Lomax, a widow lady, merely for the
purpose of referring it to the Committee of the
Whole.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RIDDLE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. On the 31st of March, in compliance with
a request of the House, the President submitted a
report of Captain Cram, of the United StatesTop-
ographical Engineers, on the best mode of im-
proving the Falls of the Ohio river, at Louis-
ville. That report the House ordered to be printed
on the 3d of May. The Committee on Engraving
find that the report will be useless unless the maps
and plates accompanying it are engraved and
printed. The Senate have had copper plates made,
and the committee find that the work can be done
for a sum not exceeding $800, possibly less. They
have authorized me to submit a resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That thf* Committee on Engraving be, and
are hereby, authorized to contract for the engia\ mg or lith-
ographing of one thousand five hundred and seventy sets
of the maps and plates accompanying the report of Thomas
S. Oram, of the Topographical Engineers, u on the best
mode " of improving the Ohio river at the Falls at Louis-
ville : Provided, The cost thereof shall not exeped $800.
Also, one thousand five hundied and twenty s-etsofthe maps
accompanying the report of the Surveyor General of Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Oregon : Provided, The cost shall not
exceed
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is the resolution
which has just been read by the Clerk, before the
House for "consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It is, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Will the discussion on the
resolution which has just been read, come out of
the morning hour, or will the morning hour com-
mence after the resolution shall have been disposed
of?
The SPEAKER. It will come out of themorn-
ing hour, because there was no reservation made
at the time the House gave its consent to the in-
troduction of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I am opposed to
the adoption of this resolution. It is true the
amount proposed to be expended is small, but,
sir, the ocean is made up of drops and the earth
of sands, and it is necessary that we should look
to the expenses which we are incurring, although
small in amount, in connection with the objects
which are to be effected by such expenditure.
What is the object of these plates? What good
can they effect? How will they illustrate the re-
port, and what is the report? The report is, that
it will cost so much to improve the Louisville
cunaland the commerce of the Ohio river; that it
will require an additional expenditure on the Ken-
tucky side; and that if you run it in the middle of
the stream it will require such an amount there;
if you make a short canal on the Indiana side a
certain further amount will be required; if you
make a longer canal on the Indiana side a larger
amount will be required. These, and such like,
are the facts embodied in the report. The locality
is known, and it is unnecessary that it should be
represented by plates and figures to the members
of this House. This expenditure will secure no
good—will effect nothing practical.
I am, sir, opposed to the report. It proposes
to build a canal upnn the Indiana side of the river.
This Government has expended money upon the
canal at Louisville, on the Kentucky side; and it
has pledged its faith to the property-holders there
that this canal shall be made for the use of the
community. Tt is said that this canal will remain.
If you open another one on the Indiana side, you
will, by the action of this Government, destroy
valuable property upon the Kentucky side.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohioy (interrupting.) Is
this discussion upon the merits of that canal in
order ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is connected with the re-
port.
The SPEAKER. In ascertaining the necessity
of the engraving, the value of the work itself, it
seems to the Chair, may be considered.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The question of
printing opens the whole merits of the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. STANTON. This is not a question upon
printing the report of the committee, but upon en-
graving the maps connected with the report.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution which proposes the
publishing, with the report, certain engravings,
and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Johnson]
is in order in examining the value of the work
itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iam discussing the diagrams
connected with the work.
Mr. MASON. With the permission of the
erentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,] I should
like to make an inquiry. It seems that the report
of Captain Cram was sent around to the mem-
bers, and we supposed it to be an authentic docu-
ment. It turned out, however, that it was a
garbled report, and being garbled, it was a false
report. I wish to know of the chairman of the
Committee on Engraving, [Mr. Riddle,Y for
which one of these reports he proposes to have
these engravings, the true or the false one? I hope
the chairman has examined the subject, and is
aware of the fact that there is a true and a false
report. The false one has been received by many
as true. The true one has been garbled by spec-
ulators, perhaps for the purpose of obtaining the
construction of a canal upon the Indiana side of
the river. I wish to know from the committee for
which of these reports the engravings are in-
tended ?
Mr. RIDDLE. Before I answer the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] I will state, that
when I offered the resolution, I stated that I rose
to a privileged question; and it being such, I did
not suppose it would come out of the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question;
but it is such a one as would interfere with the
morning hour, unless by unanimous consent of the
House it was otherwise ordered; and as there was
no reservation made in regard to the morning
hour, it will certainly come out of the morning
hour.
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish merely to state to the
House that the committee examined this report,
which was submitted by the President, in compli-
ance with the request of the House, and that the
report will be useless without the maps. I feel
no particular interest in the report, or in the work,
but the House had better agree not to print the
report unless they print with it the maps and
plates. It is a very simple matter. The Senate
have the plates, which have been executed at great
cost, and the House can get the use of them. I
presume that $600 will do the whole work.
Mr, LOCKHART. Will the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Riddle] state to the House whether
the report of the survey of the Falls of the Ohio,
made by Mr. W. J. Ball, civil engineer, was before
the committee which reported this resolution ?
Mr. RIDDLE. It was not before them.
Mr. LOCKHART. It is a very valuable re-
port, and has accompanying it valuable maps of
the Falls of the Ohio, and shows the absolute im-
portance of additional improvements there.
Mr. STANTON, of Chin. Tn reply to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] I will say
that I understand there exists a difficulty about
the report of Captain Cram. There was a report
made by Captain Cram to the Topographical Bu-
reau, relative to the improvement of the Falls at
Louisville, and that it contained much irrelevant
matter, which the head of that bureau regarded
as improper. The Topographical Engineer called
upon Captain Cram, and required him to strike
out of his report all impertinent matter. There-
port as printed, is the report as corrected by him.
That is my information, though I do not claim
that it is from any authentic source. This is the
explanation which I have heard of the difference
between the first manuscript report, and the re-
port as published. '
Mr. MASON made some remark,-totally in-
audible to the Reporter.
Mr.
le to the tteportcr.
. STANTON, The pending proposition
now, is to print the maps accompanying the re-
port. I apprehend there is but one set of maps,
and I do not think that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will say that there are garbled maps ac-
companying the report of Captain Cram. The
question is to print the maps, and not the report.
Mr. MASON, (exhibiting a map.) I hold in
my hand a map got up by interested parties.
Now, I would ask the chairman whether the
committee examined the corrected report and cor-
rected maps of Captain Cram, instead of this, to
which suspicion has been attached of being gar-
bled by interested parties?
Mr. JOHNSON. I oppose the printing of
these diagramsand platesfor the reason, and main
reason, that the report is favorable to the construc-
tion of a new canal around the Falls of the Ohio,
on the Indiana side.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken
as to Captain Cram's report. It is not relied
upon by the committee, but is claimed by the gen-
tleman [Mr. Marshall] as his thunder-—as being
against the report of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have read the report. I do
not know how much has been garbled. My in-
ference from the reading of the report was, that it
was decidedly in favor of a new canal around the
Falls, on the Indiana side. Such an expenditure
of money is entirely and wholly useless. If the
canal on the Kentucky side of the river is not suf-
ficient to accommodate commerce on the river, I
contend that this Government is under obligation,
in its action upon this matter, to recognize the
rights of the property holders upon the Kentucky
side. Good faith requires, in this expenditure,
that the Government shall not enter into any ar-
rangement that will destroy the value of property
upon the Kentucky side. Let the canal upon the
Kentucky side be opened, and made sufficiently
large, if any expenditure is to be made for the ac-
commodation of commerce. Let that be done,
that our faith may be kept with the property hold-
ers upon the Kentucky side of the Ohio. 1 be-
lieve, Mr. Speaker, that this subject has engaged
the attention of the House long enough.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will, for explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the propo-
sition now before the House to be one submitted
by the Committee on Engraving, to grant them
the liberty of engraving the maps and charts accom-
panying the report which was originally communi-
cated by Captain Cram. That report was called
for by a resolution submitted by myself, on an
ascertainment of thefact that the report which had
been published as Captain Cram's report of 1845,
was not really all the matter which had been sub-
mitted by him to the Department. I had, at the
time I presented that resolution, in my possession
a complete copy of the real report; and I was
cognizant of the fact, that by some art or means
the report made by the engineer who had exam-
ined the Fails of the Ohio was so altered, so inter-
lined and obliterated, that it did not present the
features of the original. I understood that the
conclusion respecting the Falls to which the en-
gineer had come, after an examination, was cut
out, and that the report was left in such a condi-
tion that an opposite conclusion might be drawn;
and I thought, not merely in justice to all persons
who were interested, but in order that Congress
might obtain an intelligent view of the real merits
of the subject prior to its decision, that the facts
and the report of the engineer, as originally made,
should be spread before Congress. A very large
volume of manuscript was sent to this Hall from
the Executive Department, in response to that
call. It was ordered to be printed. I have not
undertaken to examine it; but for the information
of all who may be concerned in this matter, I here
announce the fact, that 1 have the original report
at my control, in the way in which it was written.
I have a transcript of the real original; arid if I
have not, through this call, obtained the facts of
the case, they must be elicited by such instru-
mentality and such proceeding as will hold who-
ever may be accountable to a proper responsi-
bility.
I do not know about these maps. As I have
stated,! have not read the matter now transmit-
ted under my call. I have no objection myself to
seeing the maps which accompany what purports
now to be Captain Cram's report. I may be per-
