274
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.1
W
. S" '
 3Ili
Brodheaii] hi relation to corporal punishment m
the Navy, is yet undisposed of. When the ques-
tion was last under consideration, the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Mallory] had the floor. It
is, as I understand it, unfinished business, and I
hope it will be taken up now. •
" The PRESIDENT. The Senator frem Cali-
fornia is right; this is the .unfinished business.
The memorial was postponed to a day certain;
that day he® passed, and it comes up now in its
order.
Mr. DAVIS. Does this takeprecedence of the
compromise resolution? I understood the Chair
that the compromise resolution followed the busi-
ness to which it gave way yesterday.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will permit that subject to pass over
this morning. The Senator from Florida was on
the floor, and had delivered a portion of his speech
when the question was postponed until last Mon-
day. This matter has been postponed from day
to day, and I hope it will now be taken up and
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The Choir will state that
the first special order is the resolution offered by
the Senatorfrom Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] which
was postponed to Monday, the 5th of January.
The question in relation to the memorial presented
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, was postponed
until January 12th, and can now be taken up on
motion, if the Senator from California thinks fit to
make that motion.
Mr. GWIN. Then I make that motion, and
hope the Senate will sustain it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am not impatient to address
 the Senate. All I desire to say is, that 1 have a
few remarks to make on this compromise resolu-
tion. If it is more agreeable to the Senate to hear
them at another time I am quite willing to postpone
them for the present. I perceive that the Senator
from Florida has a number of books and papers on
his desk, and appears to be ready to address the
Senate. I would not, therefore, be willing to keep
him in suspense, for I know that it is a very pain-
ful condition to be in. I am not in that state my-
self; butifl can only understand from the Senator
from California—that is, if he knows—when this
resolution can come up, and not be m the way of
other business, I will move to postpone it till that
time.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; say next Monday.
Mr. DAVIS. Why not say to-morrow?
Mr. GWIN. Because for to-morrow there is a
special order.
Mr. HUNTER. The special order for to-mor-
row is the bill ranking land warrants assignable.
The PRESIDENT.- This resolution will be
the first special order, to the exclusion of the bill
making; land warrants assignable.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not speak for myself alto-
gether in this matter, or rather, I should say that
i do speak with regard to my own views. But
then I know that the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. McRae] is anxious to address the Senate on
this subject, and I would be glad to have the thing
put in such a shape as to accommodate his feelings
and wishes as well as my own. If it can be taken
up to-morrow morning,' I am content to have it
postponed till that time; but I would he glad to
have it understood by the Senate that it may come
up to-morrow morning.
'I ne PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to
the Senator from Massachusetts that, it comes up as
a matter of course, being the first special order,
unless it should be postponed to take up some other
subject. The question now is oil takhg up the
memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania on the
subject of flogging in the Navy.
The question was taken on the motion to take
up the memorial, and it was agreed to.
%fr' t'1e memorial be read.
Ml. BRODHEAD. Oh it is unnecessary; it
has already been read three or four times.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida
asks for its reading, and it is obliged to be read
The memoiiai, as it has already appeared in the
columns of the Congressional Globe, page 218, was
then read. ° '
Mr.MALLORY then addressed the Senate until
the hour of adjournment, in favor 6f a restoration
of corporeal punishment.
Without concluding, Air. M. gave way to a
motion to adjourn,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOlfSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,.
  VWebnjsiwv, January 14, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AFFAIRS IN UTAH. '
Mr. BERNHISEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a question of privilege. I find that the report (as
printed) communicated to this House by the
President of the United States, containing the re-
port of the three United States officers returning
from Utah, i# not .the same as the copy furnished
me from the Department of State. I was as much
surprised at the appearance of the official printed
report, as I was at the publication of a like report
a* few days before in the JVeio York Herald, both
of which are different from the report furnished to
me, or a copy thereof, from the State Department,
though bearing the same date. I must protest
against the change or alteration of an official re-
port, containing such serious charges against the
Governor and people of the Territory which I have
the honor to represent; and without saying more
at this time, I now mo.ve the House, on pre-
senting the copy of that report which was fur-
nished to me by the Department of State, that the
same be printed and laid before this House. I
have not carefully compared any of the reports,
and know not which to rely on as authentic, and
official, except it be the one on file at the State De-
partment and furnished me by that Department.
I shall hold this to be the true copy of the indict-
ment, and trust that this House will so order it
after it shall be printed and laid before the House.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I do not think that this matter can be considered
a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to per-
ceive any question of privilege. The gentleman
from Utah can only proceed by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. OIIR. 1 move that the gentleman from
Utah [Mr. Bernhisel] have leave to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this is not one of those cases which would allow
the gentleman to proceed on a motion of that char-
acter. If the gentleman had been called to order
on the ground of irrelevancy in debate, or for other
disorder, it would then have been in order for the
gentleman from South Carolina to snbmitamotion
that the gentleman from Utah be allowed to pro-
ceed in order. But, in the opinion of the Chair,
tlie.gentleman from Utah is notentitled to the floor,
and therefore the gentleman from South Carolina
ennnot. submit the motion which he proposes.
The Chair decides that the gentleman fiom Utah
cannot proceed without the unanimous consent of
the House.
ESTIMATES FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF
THE INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER then stated that the first busi-
ness in order was the proposition to reconsider the
vote by which the communication from the De-
partment of the Interior was laid upon the table.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, and upon that motion the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By the consentof
the House I desire to withdraw my motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table. I will
also State—though it is not strictly in order—that
I hope the motion to reconsider will prevail, and
that this question may be fully examined. It is a
new one, and is, at least, worthy the considera-
tion of the House. '
Theie was no objection, and the motion to lay
on the table was accordingly withdrawn.
Thequestion then recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the document was
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this question is not likely
to give rise to additional debate, and it is the
intention of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to merely refer it to some committee, lam
willing that it should be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order to de-
bate the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that it is not
debatable now; but if the reconsideration takes
place, it will then be debatable. 1 desire to say
that 1 have a'matter of interest connected with the
public printing, to bring before the House at the
earliest opportunity1.
The question was then put, and the House
agreed to reconsider the1vote by which the mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Interior was ordered
to lie upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion now-
pending is one made by myself on yesterday, to
send this communication back. I will, if there be
no objection, withdraw that motion: and then the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] to refer the message to the Com-
mittee of Waysand Means, and to have it printed,
will be in order.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the gentleman from Tennessee yesterday
withdrew the motion to which he has referred, and
Substituted the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I propose to
withdraw the motion to lay the document on the
table.
• There was no objection, and the motion was
accordingly withdrawn.
The question then recurred upon the motion sub-
mitted by thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] to refer the document to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and to print.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman propose
to debate it now?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; bull will no?
occupy the time of the House more than five min-
utes.
I made the motion yesterday to lay this commu-
nication upon the table because it is an infraction «
of custom and a violation of the law. So far as
niy opinion goes, and so far as I have been able
to investigate the question, it is the first time any
Department, other than that of the Treasury, has
submitted to this House estimates for appropria-
tions and asked for the enactment of laws to make
those appropriations.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order. The question now before the
House is the disposition of the Executive docu-
ments upon the Speaker's table; and the rule says
they shall only be taken up in regular order. The
only opportunity for debate would have been
upon the privileged motion to reconsider. But
that motion having been withdrawn, of course the
communication lies upon the Speaker's table, and
can only be taken up in ks regular ordeV.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This question
comes legitimately before the House this morning,
upon the motion to reconsider. This leaves the
question to refer it to the Committee of Ways
and Means just where it was yesterday, when
that /notion was made.
fie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
:ee is coriect.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
during the morning hour, is the call of commit-
tees for reports. The first business in order,
therefore, in the opinion of the Chair, is the re-
port of the select committee on the joint resolu-
tion explanatory of the act of September 28,
1850, entitled "An act granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers who were engaged in
the military service of the United States," and the
subject of amending and extending the bounty
land bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is another
question why this matter is before the House. I
know that it was uniformly held by the Speaker
of the last House, that when any proposition was
before the Houife at the time of adjournment, and
an amendment pending to refer it to any commit-
tee, it kept it off the Speaker's table, anti brought
it up as the unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair admits that it is
unfinished business to come up in its order. The
call of committees for reports being first in order,
the unfinished report' of yesterday will take pre-
cedence of the other unfinished question.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I am very certain
that is a change of the practice of the House.
^The SPEAKER. Thefirst business in order is
upon the motion to^refer the report made by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of th#
Union.
Mr. BISSELL. Upon that qusstion 
