1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
mi tied  Mr. Speaker, for the benefitof all who are
concerned in this matter, to say that I have seen
Captain Cram—that I have conversed with him,
and understand exactly how this thing came about,
and who were concerned in it. 1 am- prepared,
whenever the occasion arises, to proceed, so that
the country shall understand all about it. 1 sup-
pose that this is not the proper time—that this is
not the proper occasion to discuss the merits of
the proposition relative to the Indiana canal, and
the plans for the enlargement of the Kentucky
canal. Discussion will better take place when all
of the propositions have been thrown before the
House. This proposition to engrave the mans
accompanying the report, which purports to be the
original one of Captain Cram, should be adopted.
To a proper understanding of that report it is
necessary they should be engraved. They ought
to be engraved for the proper understanding of the
subject, by the one side or the other.
Mr. DUNHAM. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will make a remark or two. I have
heard a great deal expressed upon the point to
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] has alluded, and to which I had intended
myself to call attention. It makes no difference
whether it shall be determined to enlarge the pres-
ent, or to build another canal around the Falls of
the Ohio at Louisville, the House should have
these maps before them for a correct interpretation
of the report of Captain Cram. No matter what
may be its interpretation, it concerns a matter
which ought to attract the attention of the House,
for I am sure that it is attracting the attention of
the Mississippi valley, from Pittsburg to New
Orleans. That whole country is interested, and
something must be done for the relief of the com-
merce upon that river, ft has been taxed year
after year in the wmv of tolls levied by that canal.
We want that navigation made free. If we can-
not do so upon one side, in God's name let it be
done upon the other. We want commerce re-
lieved from the heavy burdens now imposed upon
it. It ought to be relieved. Unless you have
these maps engraved ond printed, how can you
tell anything about the report? As the gentleman
from Kentucky has said, you cannot tell whether
the conclusions at which the engineer, who has
made the report, arrived, he right or wrong, un-
less these maps he placed before the House. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] has
charged that there have been interlineations in
Captain Cram's report—that it has been garbled.
I presume, however, that he wil! not charge that
the maps have been garbled. You need them, no
matter which of the reports you shall order to be
printed.
I wish to say another word with reference to a
remark of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Johnson.] It does seem to me to be a strange
proposition that has been introduced into this
House: that this General Government, by its ac-
tion, has so trammeled itself with private inter-
ests—with private individuals—at the Falls of the
Ohio, upon the Kentucky side, that its action is
not now free for the purpose of controlling the
navigation of that river.
It is a monstrous doctrine, that by our arrange-
ments, with reference to that canal, we have so
tied up our interests and legislation here with the
individual interests of men who own town lots
at the Falls of the Ohio, that we are not now per-
mitted to legislate in regard to the interests of one
of the most important branches of commerce in
the United States. Such a doctrine cannot be tol-
erated here or elsewhere. I do not propose to
take up the time of the House, as it is the inten-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia to call the
previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. DUNHAM demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Bayly, of Vir-
ginia, and Haven were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were
—ayes 71, noes 45.
So the House agreed to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table. I would inquire whether the motion is
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DANIEL. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. MEADE. Did the gentleman vote with
the majority ?
Mr. DANIEL. I did.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. JENKINS. T renew it.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Jenkins] to withdraw
that motion, for the purpose of allowing me to
make a report, under the resolution which was
adopted yesterday, before the expiration of the
morning hour.
Mr. JENKINS. It will take but a moment to
dispose of it.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The yeas and nays are
demanded, and it will take some little time to dis-
pose of it.
Mr. JENKINS. If I should not lose the ben-
efit of my motion I will give way for a moment to
allow the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McLanahan] to make his report.
The SPEAKER. If it he the unanimous con-
sent of the House, the question of reconsideration
can go over until to-morrow.
Mr. OLDS. I object.
Mr. KING, of New York. Asa point of order,
I desire to inquire, if the report of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would not be in order this
morning, or to-morrow morning, immediately
after this question is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I object to any motion
if I have the right to the floor in the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The motion proposed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Jenkins] is m
order, as it is a privileged motion.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Jenkins] has withdrawn it to
allow me to make a report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines to
withdraw it, and upon the question of reconsider-
ation the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 wish to under-
stand what the question is.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the resolution was hud
upon the table. It is not debatable.
Mr. KING. I hope that my colleague [Mr.
Jenkins] will withdraw his motion, so as to allow
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLan-
ahan] to make his report.
Mr. OLDS. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the gentle.viiin
again from New York to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JENKINS. Will it be m order for nie to
enter my motion without pressing its considera-
tion now?
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman may have
the question taken upon it. The gentleman may
renew it to-morrow.
Mr. JENKINS. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to withdraw it.
Mr. HOWARD. I renew the motion
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. My
point of order is, that the resolution passed on
yesterday allowing the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. McLanahan] to make a report fiom
the Judiciary Committee does not supersede the
reports already pending in the morning hour. It
was not so understood by the House, and he has
no right to make his report until the pending* bus-
iness of the morning hour now before the House
is diposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. OLDS. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The House on yesterday
passed by a majority of two thirds—indeed it was
by almost an unanimous vote, a resolution author-
izing the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mc-
Lanai-ian] to make a report from the Committee
on the Judiciary. That report he proposes to
make now, and the Chair decides that it takes
precedence of all other business connected with
the morning hour.
Mr. HARR[S, of Tennessee. I move to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw the appeal.
FEES OF MARSHALS, ATTORNEYS, ETC. _
Mr. McLANAHAN. In pursuance of the
resolution of the House yesterday, under instruc-
tion of the Judiciary Committee, I now report
baek House bill No. 146, regulating the fees and
costs to be allowed to the clcrks and marshals of
the circuit and district courts of the UnitedStates,
with certain amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
this bill has been reported back, and it has been
read the first and second time.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to recommit it
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an inquiry? Would it not be well to
have the amendments printed?
Mr. McLANAHAN. The amendments are
of a verbal character. They are very few, and
easily understood. It is of great public import-
ance that this bill should be acted upon now. I
ask for the reading of the bill and the amend-
ments.
Mr. BOWIE. Is it in order to move to recom-
mit this bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There is a pending motion
to recommit.
Mr. McLANAHAN. But the gentleman can-
not make the motion while 1 am occupying the
floor.
The SPEAKER. That is very true.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Before I proceed to the
discussion of the bill, I ask for the reading of the
bill and the amendments. Then I will proceed
with some explanation.
The bill and amendments were then read.
Mr. ORR. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House proceed to
the consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I made a motion some
time ago to recommit this bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now pend-
ing.
Mr. ORR. It it be in order, I propose the reso-
lution which I have sent to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table is in oider.
Mr. ORR. Can we pass from the considera-
tion of the present bill without the question being
taken upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
I we cannot.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ork's
motion, and it was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. ORR. 1 now offerthe following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on ih'j i-tate of' tiie Tnion, on the hill of the JioiKu* No.
196. (c'ivii ami diplomatic,) shall cea^i in one horn aftei
it* consideration shall have been ivtmied in Committee
of' the Whole, (if the committee shall not sooner come
to a conclusion upon the same;) and the committee shall
then proceed to w te on s>ueh amendments as may be pend-
ing oi offciod to the and -shall then report it to the
House, with <uch amendments may havebeei agreed to
by the comuiHlee.
Mr. O. said: That resolution proposes to close
debate in one hour after the committee shall re-
sume its sitting;. The gentleman from Peimsyl-
I vania [Mr. Howe] has obtained the floor, and I
i think he hns a vested right to occupy the time of
the House for one hour. If there is any other
gentleman in the House who will indicate his de-
sire to speak upon the merits of the bill, I am per-
fectly willing to modify the resolution, but not for
him to make a general speech. I think, if gentle-
men desire to make general speeches, we had bet-
ter go thiough with the appropriation bills, and
then if there is any time left they can be made. I
therefore demand the previous question upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to say
to the gentleman from South Carolina, that I have
not troubled the Hou.se with any exposition of
my position, in reference to the presidential elec-
