•276
THE OONdMESSIONAL OLOB1.
Jan. 14,
done; and save to them the time and the money
they may otherwise expend hereafter in success-
ful or unsuccessful efforts to obtain delated jus-
tice. Let not the honorable chairman of this select
committee say they are not entitled to anything,
for by the'fact of proposing to compensate officers
"for the same services hereafter, and by the further
fact of virtually inviting the retiring registers and
receivers to come here and present their claims to
Congress, he is estopped from denying the justness
of their claim.
Wow the fact is, that some of those officers have
not received more than one or two hundred dollars
iri the last year, over and above their clerk hire
and other expenses, because nearly all the entries
in their districts have been made by these warrants;
whereas in other districts in which most of the
entries have been made in money and in which not
one fourth as-much labor is required as in the case
of entries by warrants, have received very nearly
or quite the maximum sum allowed by law. Is
this equal justice?
There is another argument upon this subject,
which I address to the exclusive consideration
of my Democratic friends round about me, and
I know they will appreciate it. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] proposes to pay
officers who shall locate these warrants hereafter;
and proposes, in the same bill, to issue a very
large batch of new warrants to another class of
our citizens; but," to those who have been en-
gaged in locating warrants without pay for the
last three years he has nothing to saj?, except that
they had better come up to Congress at some fu-
ture time, and get the pay allowed them, each by
a separate bill. Now, we Democrats all know
very well who will hold these offices for the next
four years. We know—do we not, my Demo-
cratic friends ?—that there is to be a change in the
Administration, and that, after a little time, good*
Democrats will fill these offices for some years to
come. Well, these Democratic registers and re-
ceivers to be are provided for—very properly, of
course—in this bill. They are to receive pay for
each warrant they may locate. But Ihese poor
Whigs, who have performed the labor of locating
all these warrants—fori believe they have all been
located since the commencement of General Tay-
lor's administration, and who are about to retire, I
mean at the incoming of the next Democratic Ad-
ministration—are to be turned off without pay.
They are told to whistle for their pay, or, which is
the samething,to comeupand apply to some future
Congress for it. Now,. I ask my Democratic
friends if this is just? I do not say we ought to
be magnanimous'to our Whig friends who are to
go out of office, but wo ought to be just to them.
If it is just to compensate Democratic officers,
who will fill those places during the next Admin-
istration, I think it equally so to compensate those
Whigs, who, by an extraordinary streak of good
luck, have been 111 office for the last three years.
I admit, very cheerfully, that our Whig friends,
in the general, deserve a good deal of scourging,
but let it be visited upon them in a different way—
by keeping them out of office. But in pecuniary
matters, let us not fail to give them their full dues.
Now, I have proofs before me, but I will not
detain the House by reading them, showing that
the necessary, unavoidable labor of locating a
tract, of land with a military bounty land war-
rant, is more than four times as great as in loca-
ting the same tract with money. ~ There is proof,
also, that in some of the land districts nearly all
the land has been located for the last year or'two
with these wanants. As a consequence, tlse per-
centage which officers recene upon cash sales,
has been lost to the receivers and reeisters in such
districts. This quadrupled their labor and dimiif- I
ished by three fourths their pay. There is oroof,
also, that m other land districts the sales* have
mostly been made for cash, and the officers in
such districts, though performing comparatively
little labor, have, through the percentage to which
they are entitled on cash sales, realized more than
four times the compensation received by the less
fortunate class I have already referred to. Now
i ask the majority of this select committee for I
would have the House bear in mind that it is
composed of five, and that it was by a bare ma
jority that this bill was reported—if there is any
pn. ■ lple of even-handed justice discernible in
their whole proceeding? If any gentleman is of
opinion that the salaries of land officers are too
high, let him friove to vcut them down. Perhaps
1 wilt go*with him; but Jet us make them equal.
If you*reducethe pay of one man, reduce that of
all others; and at any rate do not put additional
labor upon one and give him less compensation
than another gets for his labor. f
Again:-this bill provides that a man entering
one hundred and sixty acres of land with a land
warrant shall pay fifty cents to the receiver and
register. Do we consider how much the Govern-
ment pays for having that same one hundred and
sixty acres of land entered with cash? It'pays
two dollars. A speculator appears, loaded down
with land warrants which he has purchased at
sixty to ninety dollars each, and with each one of
which he buys one hundred and sixty acres of
land. For entering that one hundred and sixty
acres which really has cost him less than a hun-
dred dollars, he,pays to the register and receiver
fifty cents, and no more. A poor emigrant who
has managed to raise two hundred dollars m spe-
cie, goes to a land office in Minnesota, Iowa, or
Illinois, puichases one hundred and sixty acres of
land with that two hundred dollars of genuine
Jackson currency. For regeivingjns money and
giving him a certificate of entry me register jnd
receiver are allowed each a dollar. Such incon-
sistencies will every day arise under the operation
of this bill. It is considerations of this character
that compel me to say the hill ought not to pass.
It should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be there thoroughly in-
vestigated and essentially modified. It ought not
to become a law unless entirely changed in nearly
all its essential features.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of theUnited States, informing the House that
he had attached his signature to certain bills.]
I think, Mr. Speaker, that I have dwelt long
enough upon the monstrous injustice and in-
equality proposed by this bill in reference to the
compensation of land officers. That it will work
the grossest injustice I think I have shown. I
think I have also shown that this proposition,
taken in connection with the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] on yester-
day, proposes a change in the land orficc system
which members of this House will be slow to
sanction, to wit, in the mode of compensating
land officers for entries heretofore made with
warrants.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman misunder-
stands me upon that point. I stated on yester-
day, that I considered, as a general thing, they
had been amply paid for the services they ren-
dered in the location of land warrants; but that
there might possibly be instances where their com-
pensation was inadequate. In such cases their
claims should be presented to Congress.
Mr. BiSSELL. Then I ask, if as a general
rule they have been amply paid, why provjde ad-
ditional payment to those who shall perform the
same services hereafter? That will not do. If
they have been amply paid under that system,
those who shall come into office after them, and
render the same servicevwill be paid in the same
way. If the compensation is sufficient for those
who are about to go out of office, wJhy not for
those who may succeed them? Why not strike
out the provision compensating officers in future?
The plan that we, Jhe minority of the committee,
propose, will prevent those who have received
compensation already from getting any more, os
it authorizes the Department here to pay those
who have not received what they are entitled to
by law, (their maximum salary and percentage)
—so much as will make up that amount, and "no
more; so that if any officer has received ten dol-
lars less than he was entitled to, he will be paid
by the Department that amount (if his locations
by warrants would entitle him to so much) on the
adjustment of his accounts here. Or, if another
has received $1,300 less than he would have been
thus entitled to, he may, on the same principle,
receive that amount from the Department, when
j his accounts are adjusted. We see how perfectly
that equalizes the matter, dispensing even justice
all around.
I will now ask the attention of the House to the
third section of the bill. It reads as follows:
Sec. 3 Jlnd be it fuithei enacted, That the act of which
this act is explanatory, sh;di he si> construed as to include
all commissioned and n<m-«'om nissioned officers, musi-
cians, arid pnvate* ot militia, volunteers and iangers, who
wptp mustered into the service, of the United State* for the
suppression or prevention of Indian hostilities, or whose
services of thateharacter w§re recognized and paid by the
United States fftior to the passage of said act, and who
served the length of time required by said act.
I like this section very well, and, in view of its
comprehensive grasp, I am very much inclined to
suggest that the title of the bill should be "An act
extendatory," instead of "amendatory" "of a pre-
vious act." I will ask the chairman of the select
committee, if he will allow me,-whether he has
any approximate knowledge as to the number of
persons who will be embraced in this section ?
Mr. DUNHAM. As a reply to the gentleman's
interrogatory, I might refer to his own knowledge
of the matter. On certain occasions he has mani-
fested considerable anxiety upon the subject, and
it was mainly through his efforts that this section
was introduced into the bill.
Mr. BISSELL. Do not misunderstand me. I
am for the section; and I am also m favor of the
bill of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son,] which proposes to give land to every actual
settler who will live upon and cultivate it. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] and'I can-
not be at issue on this section. I thought it right,
however, that the House should have some infor-
mation as to the number that will be embraced
under this section. It provides for all those who
have been mustered into service for the suppres-
sion or prevention of Indian hostilities, or whose
services of that character have been recognized
and paid by the Government. lam for the sec-
tion, but wish that it was stiTl more comprehensive.
So, as I said before, I am in favor of the bill of
the gentleman from Tennessee, which one of these
days I hope to help him to pass—so far as my
vote goes at least. 1 think that it is a sensible and
equitable bill, and I think this would be an equi-
table and sensible section were it carried further.
But I suspect that the House will not vote it a law
until they have more information than I possess as
to the number and class of persons embraced by it.
Ever since the settlement of California there
have been rumors of Indian disturbances there
and expectations of Indian outbreaks. Are all
those who may have been mustered into the service
to prevent these outbreaks provided for by this sec-
tion? I read m this morning's paper an item of
news brought by the last steamer from California,
to the effect that Major Jack Hays, whom we all
recollect and admire, had proceeded towards San
Diego with volunteers to prevent afl apprehended
rising of the Indians. Are he and Nhis men in-
cluded'in this section? If they are not I insist
they shall be. I have also a petition in my drawer
from citizens in New Mexico, asking for land for
a battalion of four companies raised there in 1849,
by Colonel Washington, who are excluded by the
present law. I would like to know whether that
class of our New Mexican citizens—fori believe
they were all New Mexicans—are embraced under
this section. They served gome six months, and
so far as I learn their services have not been
recognized and paid by the Government. If they
are not embraced in this third scction I will have
none of it. A section so comprehensive as that
might be extended a little further, so as to do jus-
tice all around. How many does it embrace of
those who were called out by State authority, at
various times, to prevent Indian hostilities m the
Creek country—in Florida, and elsewhere in the
South and West? The more that is included, I
say The better, and yet I should like to have some
knowledge as io the number whom we might
finally embrace. A more general bill, a friend
near remarks, would be more equitable.
Such important provisions'as those contained in
this bill, I repeat, should not be adopted by us
without mature deliberation—to receive such de-
liberation the whole subject should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
To the 4th section of the bill I have no objec-
tion. The 6th section is the only other one to
which I will direct the attention of the House. It
provides:
" That the warrants which have been, or may hereafter
be issued, in puisnanoc of said act, or of this act, nuiy be
located upon any land* of the United Ptares subject to pn^
vate entry at the time of such location."
I will tell you what I think will be the practical
operation of this section as indicated by past ex-
perience.
These warrants which are now issued, and
which by this bill you are to issue, depend upon
it, will very soon pass into the hands of specula-
