2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
tion, and my constituents will expect me to do so.
The gentleman from South Carolina has already
had an opportunity of doing so, and I hope he
will allow me the same privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are five other appro-
priation bills behind this.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means prom-
ised us, sometime ago, that we should have rea-
sonable time for debate upon this bill, i want to
define my position also.
Mr. HOUSTON. The condition upon which
I said that has never happened, for gentlemen
have spoken upon every one of the other bills.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay that resolution upon the table.
Mr. ORR. Upon that I ask the yeas and nays
in order that the country may see who it is that
wishes to waste time and delay the public busi-
ness.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Ashe, Barrere, Bocock, Bowie, Breck-
inridge, E.Oarnnpton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell,Thomp-
son Campbell, Chnirinan, Daniel, Dean, Dockerv, Durkee,
Kastman, Fitch, Flnvri, Ciddirms, Goodrich, Grey, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Ilowe, Thomas Y. How, Jenkins,
James Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Mann, McMullin, More-
head, Nabers, Newton, Outlaw, Polk, Sackett, Schoolcraft,
richoonmaker, rtcuriy, Richard H. Stanton. Alexander II.
Stephens, Thaddeus Steven?, Stvother, and Ward—44
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Alli-
son, William Appleton. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly. Bait-
lett, Bissell, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Bienton ,Briggs, George
H. Brown, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Chandler,
Chapman, Chastain, Churehwell, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb,
Colcock, CulJom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dimmick, Dun-
can, Dunham, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gil-
more, Goodenow, Gorman, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Ilanis, Hascall, Ilaven, Ilebard, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Holiaday, Ilorsford, Hous-
ton, Howard, IngersolJ, fve«, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Kurtz, Letcher,
Mace, Martin, Maaon, McCorkle, McLanahan, McNair,
McQueen, Meade, Million, Miner, Molony, John Moore,
Murray, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Pemihnan, Perkins, Phelps, Richardson, Robie, Savage,
Schermerhorn, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Sutherland,
Thurston, Townshend, Walbridpre, Wallace, Walsh, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alexander White,
Wilcox, and Wildnek—107.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Dunham and Haven were ap-
pointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
Mr. BOWIE. Is the resolution open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The main question was then ordered; and, be-
ing put, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States by the hands of Mij„-
i.ard P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1853, and for other purposes, on which Mr. J.
W. Howe, of Pennsylvania, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE remarked that it was
his purpose to examine, as briefly and concisely
as he could, the platform adopted by the Whig
party, of which he was or had been a member,
lie had looked at that platform with intense in-
terest. He had also examined another platform
manufactured at Baltimore, (which had become
quite a manufacturing city,J and he must confess
that he had been unable to discover any particular
difference between the two. The eighth resolu-
tion in the Whig platform was a little more
pointed, clear, and perspicuous than the resolu-
tion of the Democratic platform on the same sub-
ject; but he considered both platforms equally
faulty. He was not warring with men; it was
the creed adopted by the Whig party with which
he was at loggerheads, and he intended to confine
his remarks principally to showing of what mate-
rial it was composed, and it would turn out that
it was formed out of a log raft upon which two
very eminent men stove up, and had to go to Salt
river a short time ago. He repeated he .should
confine his remarks to the eighth resolution of the
Whig platform, and in doing so he purposed to
make reference to the fugitive slave law therein
referred to, and to dissect and examine its various
parts, and see whether or not it was wholesome,
and whether it was good to live by—at all events,
he should be very sorry to die by it.
Mr. H. then referred at length to the fugitive
slave law, condemning it in strong terms, and de-
claring that he was ready to vote for its repeal or
modification. He also leviewed the Whig plat-
form, dissenting from some of its provisions, and
particularly opposing the eighth resolution. [Mr.
Howe's speech is published in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time has arrived
when, by order of the House, general debate
upon this bill terminates. The Chair feels it to
be his duty to announce to the committee that lie
will construe the 126th rule, which reads as fol-
lows:
<c126. Whenever the Committee of the Whole* on the
state of the Union, or the Committee of the Whole House,
finds itself without a quorum, the chairman shall cause the
roll of the House to be called, and thereupon the committee
shall rihe, and the chairman shall leport the names of the
absentees to the House, which shall be entPred on the Jour-
nal"—
to mean that so soon as the roll shall be called he
shall vacate the chair for the purpose of reporting
to the House the names of the absentees. He
deems it right to make this decision in advance,
the practice of the House, as he understood, hav-
ing been otherwise.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out of the following—
" For salary of the Capitol police, $3,560,"
the sum of " $3,560," and to insert ft §4,560;"
and at the end of that paragraph to add the fol-
lowing:
And that the two watchmen employed to protect the work
upon the two wings of the Capitol, be, and they are hereby,
added to the regular police of the Capitol, and the laws now
in force regulating the powers and duties of the Capitol po-
lice shall be eufpiced and apply to them.
1 wish simply to say, in explanation of that
amendment, that at the time of commencing the
work upon the two wings of the Capitol it was
found that the police force about the Capitol
grounds was not sufficient for the protection of
the mam building, and also for the protection of
the work as it progressed on the two wings. It
became the duty, therefore, of the Architect, who
had the control of the work, to appoint two men
to take charge each of one of the wings of the
Capitol for the protection of the work as it pro-
gressed, and to take care of the tools and property
belonging to the Government. These two men
are now employed there for that purpose. They
receive about the same salary out of the fund for
the extension of the Capitol that they would be
paid out of the fund for the regular police of the
Capitol; but there is this difficulty about it: those
two men are not clothed with the same power as
the other police officers of the Capitol grounds,
and hence it becomes necessary they should be
incorporated with the regular police, in order that
they may have power to arrest offenders who
may choose to commit depredations upon the pub-
lic property. Of course among the six or seven
hundred men employed upon the two wings of
the Capitol, difficulties occur. These officers have
no power to arrest. It certainly would be their
duty, if they had the power to arrest, to stop all
disturbances of that kind which might occur. If
they do it now they commit a trespass," and sub-
ject themselves to punishment for a breach of the
peace, or action for damages in a civil suit. The
Architect desires that they shall have this power
conferred upon them. He wants them incorpo-
rated with the regular police at the Capitol. I
hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not hear the first por-
tion of the gentleman's remarks. I wish to know
by what authority these two additional police have
been appointed ?
Mr. STANTON. I stated in the outset of my
remarks, that at the time the public work was
commenced the police force about the Capitol was
found not sufficiently strong—I think there are
but five of them—to take care of the Capitol and
its grounds, and that it was important two men
should be appointed whose duty it shouid be to
take charge each of one of the wings of the Cap-
itol, in order to prevent depredations being com-
mitted upon the work, the carrying away of tools,
or the destruction of material, and to perform va-
rious other duties which would come under their
cognizance. Two men have been employed for
that purpose by the Architect, under the direction
of the President of the United States. The object
of this amendment is simply to incorporate them
with the regular police of the Capitol, and to
clothe them with the same power.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one chief
of the police at a salary of $1,450 per annum.
There are also four assistant police officers, two of
whom are upon duty during the night and two
during the day at a salary of §1,100 per annum
each. At the last session of Congress there was
in the deficiency bill a provision authorizing the
appointment of two others to watch the grounds
and see that the shrubbery was not destroyed or
the trees injured. They were on duty only during
the day. Their pay is two dollars per day.
These constitute the whole police force of the
Capitol grounds. If there have been two others
appointed by the Architect of the extension of the
Capitol, I think it best to allow them to remain
under his direction and control until the win^s shall
have been completed. He is charged with the
execution of the work upon those wings, and we
have made an appropriation for that purpose of
$500,000. He can appropriate such a portion of
that as may be necessary, as I understand it, for
the pay of the superintendents and persons who
guard and protect the property when the work-
men are not present. I cannot see myself—prob-
ably it is all right—any very great necessity for
these men, because the police of the Capitol are
here until they close the gates, and then they re-
main inside.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Upon several
occasions when difficulties have occurred at the
Capitol among these men, instead of having power
to suppress the disturbance themselves, these
officers were compelled to run down to the city to
find some person clothed with the proper author-
ity.
Mr. JONES. Could two men added to these
five men arrest the two or three hundred men you
have here* If the workmen themselves will not
be sufficient to assist the superintendents upon
the work to preserve order and keep down a riot,
we had better get clear of all the men. As I before
said, it will be best, if they are to guard and protect
the property, and see that the tools are not taken
off and stolen during the time that the buildings
are being constructed, to leave them under the
supervision of the Architect and his men.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, and it was rejected.
The following section was then read by the
Clerk:
u For compensation of libranan, two assistant librarians,
and a messenger, $4,500.
" For contingent expenses of said library, $800.
" For purchase of books for said library, $5,000."
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to add $70,000 in
the last line, for the purchase of books. We had
funds voted for the library in the early part of the
session. I have merely to say, that the sum of
$10,000 which was appropriated shortly after the
destruction of the Library has been exhausted in
the purchase of books called for every day, and
we shall need a larger sum than this certainly. I
believe that what I have asked for will be required,
and I am sure that there will be no objection to
this appropriation.
3Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman report
this amount from that committee ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not make it as a re-
port, but as the result of conversation among our-
selves.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a matter we have not
looked into, but I believe the addition of a liberal
fund is necessary.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish merely to say, that
I should prefer a larger appropriation than this.
All the books that we need can be ordered and
