1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i!iS9
Senator's State some poor fellow who was strug-
gling along with a small subscription list, endeav-
oring to do good in his vocation, but not having a
sufficient numberof subscribers adequately to sup-
port his paper, why, if it was not strictly justifi- ,
able to ;rive him the publication of the laws, char- ;
ity would induce one to pardon a friend for giving I
him a " lift " in that way, and helping him along :
in the good cause he was endeavoring to sustain, j
But in 1 he State in which I live, we have found no |
difficulties of that kind. j
The laws have been published, and every one has |
had a chance to read them, although they have r.ot j
been published in a paper m every Congressional ;
district in the State. I do not see any necessity for ;
such a large publication. But my principal objec- 'i
tion to this amendment is, that I think it ought to j
be looked into. There is no necessity for consider-
ing it now. It can have no present effect. These ,
a'lveruse.r.eiits have already been given out. If
we should pass some such amendment in one of
the general appropriation bills, and give it such a
shape as will answer the great ends in view, every
object will be accomplished. The present arrange- :
men is exist for the year.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I am friendly
to the general objects of this amendment, though '
1 think it might be much improved. Forinstance, 1
I fee! very strongly the force of the objection made
by my colleague, that publishing the laws in a I
news-aperm every Congressional district is whol- i
ly uiiiic-!_e.ssdry; yet I coincide with the object of '
theauiend inent, which is to extend this information
as "unemllv as may be requisite. I think that the
o;d practice of the Government was to give the
rubi; : u;on of the laws and public advertisements
to those poiievs m the respective States which were
supposed to have thelaigest circulation. In truth,
veiy few peisons are much concerned in reading
the'leiws, except professional gentlemen: and pro-
fessional gentlemen will always have access to
them through the papers of the largest circulation.
I ivish therefore to see the amendment modified in ,
that respect. I think that, as it stands, it will
create nil unprofitable expenditure. I think that
the publication of the laws and public advertise-
ments ought to be given to those papers having
the largest circulation, including daily, tri-weekly,
semi-weekly, and weekly issues. If, in a daily i
paper, i. m^ion can be communicated to certain
better than in any other way, that
is a matter easily stipulated for by the Secretary 1
of State, who lias control of this matter. j
Bui I am in favor of the s;reat principle at the .
fomnlaMoii of this amendment. I am utterly tin- !
willi"g to leave to any Administration, whether
Whig or Democratic, the power of playing upon :
the press by this patronage, to have cither benefi-
ced or injurious influences. Let it be regulated
by 1 iw, and tliat law, of course, will look to the
widest extension and diffusion of this intelligence.
These lasvs ali leach ihe piofessional men, who
are most inteiested m this knowledge: and if there
be any peculiar laws that may be of much interest
inanv locality, they can be easily obtained, and
wou'd be obtained. My colleague suggested that
they would be published in the local papers in the
vicinity in which they were of interest. Perhaps
that would be so.
J think it would be better to postpone this mat-
ter. If it should go over for a day, we could have
a little more consideration on it. It would be more
agreeable to me to have it laid over.
°As to the idea of any inelevancy or impropriety
in putting such an amendmentinto this bill, I sup-
pose it is about as well here as anywhere. A great
nanc.ple is, to regulate by law this whole matter
of the printing of the laws and public aclvertise-
rier.ts. I desire that it should be regulated by
iav. I desire it as much under one Administra-
tion r.s another. I think it tends to a wholesome
toj'ditioii of the oress, and to preserve its sound-
ness ami puritv. 1 do not like to see small
Woken fragments of u loaf held up to tempt a
man. I do not like io see a hand holding- it up
and waving it in the distance, tempting him to
follow it. 1 am unwilling to see the _press_ex-
poseu to any temntat
tms ai.mer i-
mTec'.-d by it
n: record to
■ !•?.■ It f.M
' f stti
of that kind. When
fed bv law, the press is not
cause the actual slatvs nf a paper,
Us co-L-i.fa,tion, will enher include or
an toe list of 1 hose publish'ng the laws
ilvertisements.
loose the bill can hardly be disposed of to-
day; and I think it would be as well to withdraw
the amendment for the present, or to let it lie over
until to-morrow. I would like to consider its de-
tails. I really think that it is unnecessary to pub-
lish the laws in a newspaper in every congres-
sional district,—not merely on account of the ex-
pense, but for other and additional reasons. For
all the usual and necessary purposes, the object
could be attained by a different course. I am de-
cidedly in favor of asserting the great principle of
leaving nothing to discretion, under our system,!
but what may be absolutely necessary for the ;
public interest. I would regulate everything, as 1
far as possible, by law.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator who offered the amend-
ment. 1 find that, in the State of Maine, the
public advertisements would, in accordance with
the principle contained in the amendment, be pub- i
lislied in a literary and in an agricultural paper. ;
I believe that they are the papers published in the !
State which possess the largest aggregate circula- '
tion, whether daily, weekly, semi-weekly, or tri- -
weekly. The literary paper is furnished very -
much to lady readers; the agricultural paper prin-
cipally to agricultural readers: they are therefore ,
that class of papers which would not furnish the
greatest amount of information to the public on
i any subject, which the Government might find it
necessary to advertise. In relation to the publica-
tion of the laws, I would add, that we have, in
Maine, and I think there is in every State in New
England, a paper that is designated the "State
paper." In that paper the public advertisements
and laws of the State are printed, and persons who
do not subscribe to it, and are desirous of ascer-
taining what public advertisements of importance
there may be, resort to it for information. I there-
fore suggest to the Senator from Arkansas—and
I hope he will be ready to adopt the suggestion—
that he will so modify his amendment as to include
the "State paper," even though it should not
have the largest circulation, in the numberof those
papers which are to publish the laws and the public
advertisements.
If the matter goes over, I shall offer an amend-1
ment to that effect when it comes up again. I
| throw out the suggestion now, in order that the
I Senator from Arkansas and other honorable Scn-
! ators may have time to reflect on it.
j Mr. BORLAND. I have no disposition to
I press this matter this morning; though I thought
it a proper time to have it considered. But as
1 there are many Senators who have the same gen-
! eral object ill view, and who think that ob ject can be
accomplished better by some modification, I have
! no objection to the postponement of the further
consideration of the question for the present, that
Senators may examine the subject further, and
suggest some appropiiate modification.
Several Senators. Withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senate will permit me
I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say that I concur in
] the request that this matter should be postponed
' for a short period of time. In this connection, I
| wish to throw out one or two suggestions for the
consideration of the mover of this amendment.
' The proposition is, that those publishers who ex-
hibit'the greatest weekly subscriptions, shall have
the publication of the laws. Now, there is often-
' times a daily press without a weekly subscription,
, though the paper has a large circulation. There
are many daily papers which have no subscrip-
tion at all, but'depend upon their daily sale for
their support. I believe that many papers which
have the largest circulation, have no subscription
. at all. I do'not know that it would be deemed
necessary to advertise or publish in papers of that
description, but I wish to present that fact for the
consideration of Senators generally^
I think, too, there is a great deal in the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Maine. There are
religious papers that have a large circulation. I
have no objection that the laws should be pub-
lished in them; and it may be very prsper that they
should. There are agricultural papers that have
a very bro"d circulation, and they may be a very
proper medium for sending the laws, perhaps the
very best, because they circulate among persons
of all political parties, and thus the objection with
regard to the papers beingof any peculiar political
character, is overcome. Perhaps such papers fur-
, nish the best mode of circulating the laws.
But I wish to throw out another consideration.
We had some years ago, in Massachusetts, a pro-
vision respecting the publication of the ISws,
which may commend itself to the Senate There
had been a little of this scrambling for the publi-
cation of the laws, or, as the Senator from North
Carolina says, the little fragments of loaves which
were held up before them. We then passed a law
that all the papers in the Common wealth - might
publish the laws if they chose, and a very mod-
erate compensation was given for it. We said*,
if you wish to publish the laws for the proposed
compensation, you may do it, and send forward
the evidence that you have done it for the proper
time. Whpn that was done, and the evidence was
sent and filed in the proper department, the com-
pensation was paid. I am not certain, if you
wish the laws of the United States generally pub-
i lished, that this is not the best way, giving a mod-
; erate compensation, and allowing the whole com-
! munity to do the work. I would be glad to
| abstract the publication of the laws from political
I considerations. They are laws for the whole
I community, for the government of all; laws in
' which all are interested, and therefore they should
: be published to all, though I do know that the
effect has been to limit the publication very much
i to a party press. I should be very glad if this
\ subject could be extricated and withdrawn from
that condition of things in which it has been, so
as to give a more liberal and wider circulation to
: the laws. It seems to me that some means might
I be devised, that would place the publication of the
laws upon a more liberal footing, and meet the
, approbation of all parties.
,! Mr. BORLAND. At the request of several
! Senators who desire to look at the matter a little
' further, and have the same general object in view,
i I will, if permitted by the Senate, withdraw the
I amendment for the present.
| There being no objection made, the amendment
1 was withdrawn.
j The Senate then resumed the consideration of
I the amendment in relation to Collins's line of
| steamers.
Mr. BORLAND. I again rise to the question
! of order that I raised the other day, under the
thirtieth rule of the Senate. The rule was read
on that occasion, and the two points on which I
i would insist, under it, and to the exclusion of this
amendment, are: First, that it does not come be-
! fore the Senate upon an estimate from any of the
I Departments; and,secondly,thatitisnotnecessary
jj to carry into effect any existing law of Congress.
I It hps been said, Mr President, that an estimate
I has been received. Well, I admit that an estimate
i has been received from theNavy Department; but
■ it is not such an estimate as is contemplated by
' the rule. If I understand it correctly, a member
i of the Naval Committee addressed a communica-
! tion to the Secretary of the Navy, and asked him
i what would be the additional cost if a certain ar-
I rangement should be made; and the Secretary, in
reply, says: if the committee conclude to recom-
; mend this arrangement, then it will cost the sum
| proposed here; and this amendment, as I under-
; stand, has been based upon that letter. If I am in
j error, the chairman of the Committee on Finance
' will correct me.
'! Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New Jer-
' sey, no doubt, has the estimate of the Secretary
j of the Navy.
; Mr. MILLER. The Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Badger] has it.
! Mr. BORLAND. I shouldlike to hear it read,
i The PRESIDENT. It must be sent to the
1; Chair, before the Chair can decide the question of
'■ order.
Mr. BADGER. I will explain the action of
' the Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom this
subject went, in consequence of the mail service
by this steam line being put under the direction
1 of the Secretary of the Navy, instead of that of
i the Postmaster General, as I think it should have
heen. I called on the Secretary of the Navy, in
| consequence of the facts communicated at the
I commencement of the session by the Postmaster
I General, tn prepare an estimate for the additional
| appi opnation necessary in consequence of the addi-
! tional contract entered into between the Secretary
! and the postmaster General and the Collins   line,
: to defray the additional expense at the estimate
i which the committee proposed to recommend to
i the Senate, to be made durmg the half fiscal year
