2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 3,
as it now stands, would be much better than this
amendment.
Again, sir, this amendment is out of place in
this appropriation bill. It is permanent legislation
in a general appropriation bill, and the President,
in his last annual message, protests against that
being adopted us a practice by Congress. These
laws, when executed, become obsolete, and, in
many places, they are not kept with those that
are intended to be retained as permanent laws.
Such a law" as this, if passed at all, should be em-
bodied in an act by itself, as proposed by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart.]
Mr. CLINGMA.N. I am perfectly willing to
modify my amendment, so as to meet the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee. So far as
I am concerned, I do not care about increasing the
number of papers in which the laws are to be pub-
lished, at all. Instead of saying that they shall
be published in one paper in each Congressional
district, 1 am willing to say that they shall be pub-
lished in two papers in each State. ;
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chanp- '
ler] has alluded to the peculiar position in which i
1 stand politically. For that; very reason I have |
selected this occasion with a view of making this
reform, it'possible. I do not feel any great inter- ,
est ill the piesent presidential election, but I will !
say to the gentleman that it is perfectly uncertain I
which party is to come in, and therefore, now is j
the time for us to regulate this matter. I put it to j
the gentleman, who is a good Whig, if the Dem- i
ocrats should beat him and his party, or us, if he |
chooses to include me with them, is it right and
fair that every newspaper in the United States
that is to print the Government advertisements,
and publish the laws, shall be a Democratic paper,
and that the readers of Whig papers shall be ex-
cluded from the benefit of the publication of the
laws? If, on the other hand, the Whij^s prevail,
is it right that the I democracy and their papers
shall be entirely excluded? If yon adopt my pol-
icy, and require the Executive to select the two
papers in each State that have the largest number
of subscribers, the result will be that some papers
upon each side will get the publication of the laws.
Mr. CHANDLER. If that policy was earned
out in the State of New York, the religious and
literary papers would get it.
Mr. OUN'GMA.N. My main objtct is to pre-
vent. the President, or the head of any Depart-
ment, from influencing the newspaper press of the
couniry in any way. I am willing to strike out
from my amendment (hat about the Congressional
districts, und leave it nx it now stands—two papers
in each Wtate. In that way the Kxecutive cannot
influence the press at all—the whole matter will
be perfectly fair, and the laws and advertisements
will go into the newspapers that are ieml by the
largest number of people, I repeat again, that, in
order to meet the objection of the gentleman from
Tennessee, I am willing to strike out that part of
the amendment about the Congressional districts.
I do not want to increase the patronage of the
Kxecutive. My only object is to deprive the Pres-
ident of the power to control the press of the
country.
The question being upon Mr. Jonp«'s amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. FOWLKR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Oiianplkr
and Smaht were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 31); no quorum voting.
[Loud cries of" Call the roll!"]
The roll was called, and the following gentle-
men answered to their names, viz:
Abort* roinlnv, Aiken, Willis Allen. John Apple-
ton, William Applrton, ttahroek,  arreiv, lJe'nnett, Hissclt,
Hoeoek, finwie, UreeUittntl<:e, Uientnn, Brnr^s, Buriow*,
Caldwell. Cartter.Chandler, Chapman, < 'hnrehwdJ, Cleve-
land, ( tiugman, Cobb, Coleoek, f)<uuei, John G. Davi>,
Dtiwiiick, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Dinl.ee, Eastman,
Edmnmfcon, ftvan*, Faulkner, Fieklin, Fiteh, Ftovil, Fox-
ier, riionma J. 1). Fuller, (ravlord, GaUtfncs Coodenovv,
Ouno.m, Hamilton, Ilmper, Haws, Hawaii. Haven, He'
bard. II«>mhirks\ Hem, Uillyer, Holladaw ! '>r.-tbr<l, Hous-
ton, Jolm VI . Howe, Thomas V. Uow, I ves. John Johnson,
Kof.ort VV. Johnson, Uamel T. Jones. Geor"MV. Joiich!
Gcoifre G. King, Prot-lon Kins, Knhns, Kurtz, Landry,
LockliaitjMaoe, Humphrey Marshall. Martin. Mawm, Mc-
Lennan. MeM nihil, MrNfair* McQueen, Me.ide, Mill-on,
Mi'H't, Mol«.nv. J< hn Jtlooie, Moruhead, Murphv. Murray,
Isabel-. N'cu fori. Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker Penn IVn-
niman, Perkins, rhelps, Polk, Riddle, Kohie, Saekett !
Sulioonmakur, I>a\jd L. <■*  - '
akelton, Smart.
lak P. Stanton,'
Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton, Thurston, Townshend,
Venable, Walbridge, WaJsh, Watkins, Welch, Alexander
White, and Wililrxck.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Phelps)
reported that the, Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 196 making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1853; and having found itself without
a quorum, had directed him to report the fact to
the House, with the names of the absentees, as
follows:
Messrs. Charles AUen, Allison, Ashe, Averett, David J.
Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bibigbaus,
Uowne, John II. Boyd, Bmgg, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
George II. Brown, BueJl, Burt,Busby, E. Camngton Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Lewis U Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Caskie, Cha^aiii, Clark, Conger, Cotfman,Cullotn, Curtis,
l)arhy, Geoige T. Davis-, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Doty,
Edgerton, Kwing, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Gamble, Gcntrv, Gilmoie, Goodueh, Gioen, Grey, Grow,
Hall, Hammond, I.ihitm G. Hams, Sampson W. flariis,
H.ut, Hibb.ud, Ilow.ud, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Jaekso.i, Jenkin>, Andtew Johnson, James Johnson,
J. Glaney Jones, Letcher, Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Me-
CorUle, McDonald, Meaeham, Miller, Henry D. Moote,
Morrifon, Olds, Samuel VV. Parker, Peaslee, Porter, Pow-
ell, Price, Hantoul, lteed, Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson,
Ros>., Russell, rtavn^,Scnermerhoin, Sehooleralt, Seudder,
Scui.y, Hnow, Thaddeu.sStevens, Stone, St.Martin, Stroih-
or, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thomp-
son, George W. Thompson, Toombs,Tuck,VVallaee,Waid,
Washburn, Well#, Addison White, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodward, and Yatcd.
The SPEAKER. A quorum being now pres-
ent, the committee will again resume its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of Mr. Jones's, amendment. The tell-
ers will resume their places.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes t>9, noes 36; still no quorum voting.
Mr. CLiiVGrMAN. With the consent of the
committee, I will withdraw my amendment.
[Ones of <( Cull tiie roll !"J
The roll was again called, and the following
gentlemen answered to their names, viz:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William Applcton,
Averelt, Babeock, Barrere, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Biaa« , Breckuindire, B ronton. Brings, Burrows, Caldwell,
Caitter, Chandler, Chapman, Chastam, Churehwell, Cleve-
land, Chnjinmu, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, nimmick,
Doekerv, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Evans,
Faulkuei, Fiekhri, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. I).
Fnllei, Gaylord, Gnldings, Coodenow, Hamilton, Harper,
^amp.son W. Hairis, II:nv i, Rascal!, Haven, Uchard, Hen-
dnck-, Henn, Hillyer, Jlolladay, Iloislbrd, Houston, John
W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, ru«<*p>oll, Ives, Andrew John-
won, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George VV. Jono*,
George G. King, I'reston Kimr, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry,
lioekhart, Maee, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Martm, Ma-
son, Mi-ljiin.jhaii, MeMtilhu, MeNatr, MeUuoeu, Meade,
Millson, Miner, iMolony, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy,
Murray, jVahur , Newton, Oir, Outlaw, Amhew Parker,
Penn, Pcumman, f'eikms, Phelps, Polk, Kiddle, Rohie,
Sebenneihorn, rfehoomnaker, David Ji. Seymour, Ou^en
S. Seymour, Skeltou, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
Planum, Fredeuck V, Stanton, Richard H. Sainton, Abr'm
P. Stephens. Alexander II. Stephens, Srone, Ktratton,
authertnndj Thurston, Townshend, Venable, Walbridge,
Walfth, Walking Welch, Wells, Alexander White, and
Wihhiek.
The committee again rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
PiiEt.ph) reported that the Committeeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 196;
and having found itself without a quorum, had
ordered the roll to be called, and had directed him
to report the facts to the House, with the names
of the absentees, viz:
Messrs. Aiken, Charles Alien, Allison, John Appleton,
A-die, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Harriett, Beaie,
a Aiiumi*, 2tome, {saeKett,
, Da\jd L.  Seymourt Urtgm fc>. Seymour,
rt. ft'mith. SLuil^ , liii!,jamin Stantoiij Frcder-
i, Richard 11. Stanton, Abraham 1>. Stephens,
son, Doati, [)i:iioy, Doty, Edeerton, EilmumUun, Ewiii!;.
Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gauiblo, Gentry^
(iilnioio. (jloodncti, Gonnan, Green, Grey, Grow, flail,
Hammond, lhli.un G. H.irris, Ilait, Hilibard, Howard,
Thomas M. Ilowo, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins, .lames
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Glaney Jones. Letcher,
Edwaul C. iMartlmll, Met'orkte, McDonald, Meacham,
Miller, Homy I). Moore, Moiriaon, Olds, flaniuel VV. Par-
ker, I'ea-Icc, Pottci, Powell, Piice. Rantoul, Reed, Rieh-
ardson, Rohlnns, Robinson, Ross, Russell. Sackctt, Sav-
age, riclioolerait, Seudder, Scurry, Snow, 7'haddeus Ste-
vens, St. Martin, Strother, Htuait, riweetser. Taylor, Ben-
  Thompson, George VV. Thompson, Toombs, Tuck,
Wallace, Ward, Washburn, Addison White, Wilcox, Wii-
hams Woodward, and Vates.
The SPEAKER. A quorum having appeared,
the committee will again resume its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon Mr.
Jovus's amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked leave to withdraw his
amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. SMART. I give notice that I shall offer
the amendment just withdrawn by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] as soon as
I can get the floor.
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word "form," in the 66th line,
and insert the followinc:
And for distributing the same—one copy to each post office
and one to each clerk's office in the several States and Ter-
ritories, and in the District of Columbia.
So that the section will read:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet torin, and for dis-
tributing the same—one copv to each post offiee and elerk's
office in the several States, Territories, and the Distiict of
Columbia, .-^1,3^5.
Mr. M. said: I think the committee will concur
with me that the journals of the day are of very
little service to ihe country so far as the publica-
tion of the laws of Congress are concerned. They
are scarcely ever read. They pass away, and the
hands of the people cannot be laid upon them
when they are wanted. What I propose is to do
away with the necessity for the publication ofthe
laws in the newspapers at all, and in place thereof
to use the same amount of money, or less—for 1
think it will require less—in distributing the laws
in pamphlet form to each of the post offices in the
United States, thereby placing a copy of the laws
ofthe United States within five miles of eveiy
man's door. According to the present practice,
the pamphlet copies of the laws of the United
States are sent to the respective States, there to
be distributed amongst the clerks' offices; but it is
oftentimes the case that a man living thirty or
forty miles from the derk's office, will have to ride
that distance to conslflt the laws. Now, if each
; post office in the country were made a depository
of the laws, and each postmaster, by rules estab-
lished in the Department, required to keep a copy
of those laws, and to transmit them from one
officer to another, then the laws of the United
States will be accessible to every citizen of the
United States. There are about thirty thousand
post offices in the country. I do not think it will
cost more than twelve and a half cents, or at most
twenty-five cents per copy to distribute the pam-
phlet laws in the manner of which I speak. The
whole cost will not be more than $5,000. The
object will be attained, and it will be economizing
the expense. I know that it will be a great con-
venience to the people to have the laws at all times
within their reach. At present they are not within
their reach. The papers which contain the laws
are thrown away as soon as read, and when they
are wanted they cannot be found, and the laws
cannot be consulted without great expense and
trouble. If we would take the amount of money
appropriated in that clause, as it stands in the
bill, and apply it in the manner I have indicated
by this amendment, by distributing the laws in
pamphlet form, we should accomplish more than
by publishing the laws in the newspapers. Then
we will have preserved, in a tangible and durable
form, the laws we have passed, and have placed
them within the reach of every man in the com-
munity. I propose this amendment, believing
that it is one which ought to be adopted by the
committee. It is one that would be very condu-
cive to the convenience of the people, and I hope
it will be the pleasure of the committee to adopt it.
Mr. SMART. In it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. SMART. I then offer the one just offered
and withdrawn by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not ex-
actly see the connection in which this is offered
as an amendment. The gentleman can offer it as
a substitute if be chooses.
Mr. SMART. I then offer it as a substitute.
Mr. Chairman, I doubt very much whether the
amendment offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina could have been well understood by the
committee. It seems to me, if all the facts in re-
lation to it were well understood, it would be
adopted. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] alluded to the expense of this proposition,
if it is carried out; but if I am correctly informed,
