1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
we have an estimate, or on the ground that it is
without the rule, it is not of a character designed
to be affected by the rule; but is a report from the
committee, and I shall vote for retaining it.
Mr. RUSK. We find ourselves engaged in a
discussion on what I conceive to be a very im-
portant amendment, arrested by a motion to get
clear of that amendment under a rule of the Sen-
ate. I think it would have been much better to
have met the question fairly upon its merits, have
gone through with the discussion, and voted upon
its merits, if there had been the slightest doubt in
theSenate; but, in my mind, there is not the .slight-
est doubt with regard to the rule, and I think the
reading of it will show that there can be no doubt
about it:
"No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it lie made to carry out the provision^ of some existing law,
or borne act or resolution previously pas-cd by the Senate
during thai sp^sion, or tn pursuance of an estimate from the
head of vsoine of the Depaittnenls," &c.
Now, what is the paper which has been pro-
duced by the Senator from North Carolina, and
read by the Chair ? [ do not understand the Eng-
lish language if it is not an estimate. You can
offer an amendment, if it is in conformity with an
estimate from the head of a Department, whether
it is to carry out a law or anything else. That,
then, is clearly and unconditionally an estimate.
The rule prescribes, that with an estimate from the
head of a Department, you may offer an amend-
ment. What is the fact here? Here is an in-
creased service upon a mail route recommended
by the Postmaster General, and in the deficiency
bill for this year, to meet the increased expendi-
ture for that increase of the service, here is an
amendment, founded upon a legitimate estimate
from the head of the Department. Is this not car-
rying out a law? if you choose to sanction an
increase of service upon a mail route, do you
make a new law? Not at all. You carry out the
law, already in existence, to establish the mail
route. Upon these considerations, then, there is
in my mind no sort of question as to the amend-
ment beins: strictly in order.
Mr. BORLAND. It may be very wrong to
arrest a public measure on a question of order,
and not on its merits; yet, sir, while I do not con-
sider that precedents are always binding, but are
to be followed or disregarded according to their
reasonableness, I beg to call the attention of the
Senate, and particularly of the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] to the action of the Senate
upon this very subject last year, when, upon a
question of order raised by a Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Sottle,] an amendment making an
increased allowance for this very steam line was
ruled out of order by a decision of the Chair,
which decision, upon an appeal being taken from
it, was sustained by the Senate. On the 3d of
March of last year—the last day of the session—
the Journal of the Senate bears the following rec-
ord:
" On motion by Mr. Pearce, to amend the bill by insert-
ing at the end thereof—
" Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be authorized to pay E. Iv. Collins arid his as-
sociates, for the further conveyance of the mails between
New York and Liverpool, at the rate of $-6(10,000 per an-
num : Provided, That the increase of compensation heieby
allowed may at any time be discontinued by authonty of
Congress.
" A question being rai«ed by Mr. Soule, whether the
proposed amendment was m order,
"The President jno tempore decided that the proposed
amendment was not in order."
After some other action of the Senate had been
taken, on motion again of Mr. Pearce, to amend
the bill in the same manner,
"The President pro tempore decided that the proposed
amendment was not in order.
'< From thi= decision an appeal was taken; and, on the
question, < Is the deci-ion of the Chair correct?' it was de-
cided in the affirmative—veas 26, nays 24."
Then the yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,]
and they stand on the record.
In the Congressional Globe of that date we find,
from the debate on the subject, that when the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr'Pearce] proposed the
amendment, Mr. Soule raised the question of or-
der, and the amendment was ruled out of order.
Then, after some intt-rveningbusiness, Mr. Pearce
renewed the offer of his amendment, when the fol-
lowing took place:
"Mr Hunter. T rise to a question of order. This
amendment was decided by the Senate to be out ot order.
"The President. Tt is the same question which was
decided by the Senate, in committee, to be out of order,
and the Chair cannot entertain it/'
When the question was first raised Mr. Soule
asked, "Has there been an estimate for this?"
Mr. Pearce replied:
"There have been letters received from the Secretary of
the Navy. I do not know whether the Senate will consider
tiie one which I now hold in my hand as a precise estimate.
But it is a letter in which he states:
tk' Understandingfrom E. It. Collins,Esq., that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs propose to pay bun at the rate of
$6u0.000 per annum, £ have the honor to suggest that if
such be the determination ot Congress, there will be needed
a further appropriation of $2U0,Ul)U/"
Here, m this letter, in answer to an inquiry as
to what amount would be required if Congress
agreed to give Mr. Collins the additional com-
pensation, the Secretary of the Navy estimated
£200,000. It is precisely such a case as we now
have before us. Then, when it was proposed to
give Mr. Collins the increased compensation, the
Secretary of the Navy was inquired of and an-
swered, if you propose to give the increased com-
pensation, the estimate is $200,000 in addition.
Now, when it is proposed again to increase the
compensation for the same line, the same Secre-
tary of the Navy is inquired of as to the neces-
sary amount; and he says if you give the increase,
it will cost so much in addition. That is the case
before the Senate. Upon the question formerly
presented, the President of the Senate decided the
proposed amendment to be out of order, and upon
an appeal, his decision was sustained by the Sen-
ate.
Mr. President, I desire to be consistent, as near-
ly as I can. I do not wish, humble as I am, to be
considered as taking a position which has not
! some reason for it. I beg leave, therefore, to read
I a very short paragraph from the debate at the last
1 session, in which I gave my views before voting to
sustain the decision of the Chair. I said:
"I desire to state why I consider the decision of the
Chair correct. Under the rule,! understand that no amend-
ment to a general appropriiion lull requiring an appropri-
ation of money, can be made, unless it is accompanied by
an estimate furnished by a Department, or unless it is an
amendment which provides for the execution of a provision
of a preexisting law. Under no circumstances can an
amendment be made providing ior a private claim Now,
I think upon all three of these point* this amendment is
clearly excluded by the rule. In the first place, it comes m
without an estimate from a Department. Secondly, it is
not in compliance with a preexisting lnw ; and, in the third
place, no one understands it to be anything but a private
claim—a gratuity to an individual/'
The last point then made, I shall not insist upon
now. The others I do.
The Senator from Texas refers to the terms of
the rule, and says that the amendment is in con-
formity with it. It seems to me that he does not
look to the requirement of the rule, that an amend-
ment, to be m order, shall be in " pursuance of an
estimate," &c. Now, I apprehend that, in this
instance, instead of the amendment being in " pur-
suance of an estimate," the reverse is true, and
the so-calied estimate has been made in pursuance
of the amendment. The estimate has been fur-
nished now, as it was done last year, when a sim-
ilar proposition was made. There did not then
come here, in the regular and legitimate order of
proceeding, a recommendation or estimate from
the head of a Department, as of a public measure;
but the proposition was made at the instance of
the individual who was to be the beneficiary of
the appropriation. Then the estimate was sought
and was made, in pursuance of a preexisting pur-
pose of making the amendment, and not the amend-
ment made in pursuance of the estimate, as the
rule requires. But, whether the rule be right in
itself, or whether the action of the Senate last
year was right under the rule or not, in the view
of my honorable friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger]—and a favorite view it seems to be with
him—by the precedent of the Senate's decided
action, in a similar case, and for the sake of con-
sistency, the position I have taken is fully sus-
tained, and the proposed amendment is excluded
by the rule.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. My first impression was
very clpar that this amendment was out of order;
but if the facts be as stated by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] I do not see how
it can be held to be so. 1 understand him to make
this statement of the facts: that during the recess
of Congress, the Department entered into an ar-
rangement with this company for extra mail ser-
vice; and that, in the annual report to Congress,
the head of the Department stated the fact, and
recommended Congress to provide by law for car-
rying the arrangement into effect. Here, then, is
a distinct recommendation for extra service and
for such legislation as is necessary to carry the
arrangement for that extra service into effect, in-
cluding. of course, the necessary money to be
appropriated for that purpose. But there was an
omission in the recommendation on one point, and
that was to state the specific amount of money
which the Department needed to carry out the
recommendation. The committee write to the
Department to know how much is required to
carry out the arrangement which had been entered
into, and which they propose by this bill; and the
Department answer it requires so much money.
If the two facts taken together, first the arrange-
ment, and secondly, the estimate of the amount,
do not form a distinct recommendation, I am
unable to comprehend the meaning of such a com-
munication to Congress. The specific arrange-
ment being first made, and the estimate of the
amount subsequently sent in, makes as clear and
as distinct a recommendation and estimate as it is
in the power of a Department to make. Under that
state of the facts—although I was at first of the
impression that the amendment was out of order,
and if I had then been called upon to vote should
have so voted—I am now of the opinion that it is
based upon an estimate, and is therefore in order.
Mr. BADG-ER. There is one slight misappre-
hension into which the Senator from Illinois has
fallen, and that is this point: The recommendation
of the Department in the beginning of the session
was, that Congress should ratify this contract for
increased service with such increase of compensa-
tion as they might deem adequate. The appro-
priation increased the compensation. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to which the subject was
referred, called upon the Department to know
what appropriation would be necessary to carry
out the recommendation with the rate of increased
compensation which we proposed to allow.
One word as to the precedent of the last session,
to which my friend from Arkansas has referred.
I voted with him to sustain the Chair in its decis-
ion at that time, but the case has no resemblance
to the one now under consideration. Now, we
are acting under a contract made in the recess by
the head of a Department, and communicated in the
report at the commencement of the session with
the recommendation to the favorable consideration
of Congress that such a rate of compensation as
Congress might deem adequate should be allowed.
A determination as to the rate of the additional
compensation was made by a committee, and a
call upon the head of a Department was made for
information as to the sum necessary to be put in
the deficiency bill in consequence of that contract,
and confirmation, and increase of compensation;
and we have the estimate. That is the case now
before the Senate. What was the case at the last
session? I remember the transaction well. On
the last night of the session—all these important
bills for two sessions, at least, have been disposed
of in the Senate, 1 believe, on the last night of the
session, some time about daylight in the morning,
though still considered as a part of the preceding
night—m the hurry and confusion, a Senator
moved for an appropriation of §600,000 founded
on no recommendation of a Department, upon no
call of a committee, and upon no estimate except
one in an answer to a private note written to the
head of a Department by the Senator. It seems
to me it is difficult to state the two cases without
seeing their total and irreconcilable difference. I
do not want to prolong this discussion. All I
have to say is to repeat what I have said, that if
the rule of the Senate, fairly interpreted, excludes
the consideration of this amendment, it is high
time therule was altered.
Mr. GW1N. I think it has been made per-
fectly clear, not only by the argument of the Sen-
ator "from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] but by
that of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
that the amendment is strictly in order. Intake
this ground, and I take it elsewhere, and I think it
is correct, that there was no necessity for an esti-
mate in this case at all; and that the Finance Com-
mittee can leport any amendment to any appropri-
ation bill of which a majority of that Committee
are in favor. No other committee of the Senate
can report an appropriation bill. Therule, under
which the point of order is
raised, was intended
