1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
do not mean to go over the ground that has been
occupied by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] What little I have to say, I propose to
sav at once.
It will be recollected that > on yesterday, when
the communication came from the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting-the estimates of deficiencies,
the gentleman from Tennessee got up and said it
was a violation of law, and moved to return the
communication to the Secretary. As that course
had not been pursued with any of the other Sec-
retaries, I thought that it was designed to show of-
ficial discourtesy to the Secretary of the Interior.
Now, although he and I have differed as politi-
cians, from the time that we were class-mates at
College to this hour, yet we have always been
upon terms of the most intimate personal rela-
tions, and when, therefore, I saw the House dis-
posed to select him out from the others as an ob-
ject to whom indignity was to be shown, under a
mistake, as I stated at the time, I felt it due to him,
and due to the State of which we are both sons,
that I should suggest that in this matter there had
been no violation of law and nothing unusual.
This morning, when I found that the gentleman
from Tennessee was disposed to press this matter,
I suggested to him that the matter had better be
dropped—saying that I had no disposition to vin-
dicate the statement I had made, that there had
been no violation of law. My friend declined the
overtures I made to let the matter pass without
debate; and since he has gone into the subject,
there is no alternative left me but to reply to him, ij
or let the statement I made go unvindicated. jj
«I shall confine myself to the single point that, ji
*in sending these estimates here, the Secretary of j
the Interior has done nothing illegal or unusual, ]
and that therefore there is nothing which would j
justify this House in offering an indignity to him. !
As to all the other matters of which the gentleman j
from Tennessee has spoken, some political friend i
of the Secretary of the Interior may defend him, j
if he supposes a defence necessary—which I do !
not. *
In 1846, the Congress of the United States
passed a joint resolution, the title of which is as
follows:
" Joint Resolution relative to tlie printing and distri bution of
the annual estimates.
" Resolved, 4'c., That it shall be ilie duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to cau°e the estimates of appropriations,
winch he is by law required to prepare and submit to Con-
gress, to be printed, and copies of the same to be delivered
r. I' Hmicn <vf" m timp fnr
ments, in communicating estimates of expenditures and ap- !
propitiations to Congress or to anyofthecommittees thereof !
to specify as nearly as may be convenient, the source* from
whish sueli estimates are derived, and the calculations upon j
witioil tiiev are founded; and m so doing to discriminate be- i
tween such estimates as are conjectural in their character, j
and suell as are framed upon actual information and appli- :
cation trom disbursing officers; and in communicating the
several estimates reference shall be given to the law* and
treaties by" which they are authorized, the dates thereof, and |
the volume, page, anil section, in which the necessary pro- j
visions arc contained." ;
J^ow, here you will observe is the first law
which contemplates anything else than the annual !
report from the Treasury Department. It will be
observed that the law of 1842 contemplates the
submission of estimates by any of the heads of the
Departments, not only to the Secretary of the
Treasury, but to Congress or any of the commit-
tees thereof. The law of 1846 changed the law in
that respect; but it changed it only in relation to |
the annual estimates, and not to casual or unfore-
seen estimates. Since 1846, all the annual esti-
mates have been made from the several departments
to the Secretary of the Treasury. Since then the
annual estimates have been sent in by the Treasury
Department. And it ought to be so, for the reason
that the gentla«nan from Tennessee has assigned,
that when the Secretary of the Treasury was ask-
ing Congress for appropriations for a year yet to'
arrive, he could not estimate properly for the
amount of revenue to be raised-, unless he was in-
formed of the amount.which it was contemplated
would be expended. But that reasoning does not
apply to deficiencies, because the revenue f<jr the j
current year has already been ascertained to a ,
j great extent, and there is no necessity, therefore, ,
of going to the Secretary of the Treasury for these i
estimates, because we have before us the precise i
state of the Treasury; we know whether the con-
dition of the Treasury, as reported by the Secre- j
tary, will bear these appropriations asked for the j
services of the fiscal year, and if the state of the j
Treasury will not bear it we must accompany the ;
appropriations for deficiencies either with a tax or .
with authority for a loan. j
But, sir, what has been the practice ? It is true i
that at the last session of Congress, when there j
were very large deficiencies known to exist before j
the meeting of Congress, the Secretary of the i
Treasury did send in an estimate for the deficien- j
j cies bill. But does not the gentleman from Ten- j
j nessee know—I will not even put the question in ,
| that form, but assert the proposition positively, 1
to'thc" Clerk of the House of Representatives in time for ,| because I know such't0ob^<^
distribution at the commencement of each session; and that i from T ennessee knows, that aftei the Secietaiy of
the Clerk distribute the said estimates in the inamiei in the Treasury had sent m that estimate for aencien-
which documents printed by Congress are directed to be j cjeS) jiiere came, addressed to the Committee of
distributed. '| ^yayg an(i Means, additional estimates for defi- ;
pprovbd anuary , o. I] cjencies from the heads of other Departments, not ,
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee says that a , . the Secretary of the Treasury at all. We
in the eye of the law, there is no distinction be- ,; recejve(j such additional estimates from the War
tween casual estimates for deficiencies and annual
estimates. Let us see how that matter is. The
gentleman has already read to you the law of
1789, organizing the Treasury Department. That
law referred to the annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and not what we now refer to as
estimates; but-let us see how it is in the subse-
quent legislation of Congress. On the 10th of
May, 1800, Congress passed the following law:
" That it shall be tlie duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to digest, prepare, and lay before Congress at the com-
mencement of every session, a report oil the subject of
finance, containing estimates of the public revenue, and of
the public expenditures, and plans for improving or increa>-
ing the revenues, from time to time, tor the purpose ot giving
information to Congress m adopting modes of laismg the
money requisite to meet the public expenditures."
That law also refers to the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury required to be made by
receiv
and Navy Departments, the Interior Department,
including the Pension Bureau, the Indian Bureau, \
and, indeed, from nearly all the Departments and -
tlie Bureaus. The gentleman knows that he and !
I complained during the whole session that we ,
could never know when they had done asking for j
appropriations. Day after day, during the whole .
session,additional estimates were coming, directed ,
not to this House, but to the Committee of Ways j
and Means; and such has beGn the case ever since t
I have been in Congress, which is not quite so j
long as the gentleman from Tennessee has been ;
here.
Why is it, this House may ask, that this esti-
mate has been sent to the House, through its :
Speaker, rather than in the usual and ordinary ,
mode—to the Committee of'Ways and Means, !
through its chairman ? I have not seen Mr. Stu-
law. Now let us look to the still subsequent legis- m ^ coneagUe, [Mr. Letcher,] who rcpre-
The next law upon the subject is the act ofl820, j
in the8th section of which it was enacted: i
" That it. shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to annex to the annual estimates of the appropriations
required foi the public service, a statement ot the appro-
priations tor the services of the year which mav have been
nade by former acts, artd also a statement of the sums re-
maining in the Treasury or m the hands of the ISecretary
of the Treasury as the agent of the War and Navy Depait-
ments, from tlie appiopnations of former years, estimating
the amount of each sum which will not be required to defray
tlie expenses incuired the previous year, and showing tne ■
whole amount winch will be subject to the disposition of the
executive Government in the year to which the estimates j
apply." \
By the act of 1842 it was enacted— j
"That it shall be the duty of the several heads of Depart- !
sents the district in which that gentlem^^eside^,
has informed me this morning that Mr. S(Part had
authorized him to say, that it had been sent to the
Sneaker of the House rather than to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—which is the usual
course of proceeding—at thj special instance and
request of"he chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend to reply to^ the re-
Mr LETCHER. I_think. I can explain.this
matter. Being the imm'ediate representative from
the county from which the Secretary of th<§ Inte-
rior comes, I went to him this morning for the pur-
pose of ascertaining something about this matter
which had raised such a disturbance in the House
yesterday. While there, he sentforMr. Harring-
ton, the Chief Clerk in the Treasuiw Department,
and that gentleman stated to Mr. Stuart that the
Committee of Ways and Means had instructed
them to send their estimates directly to the House,
instead of'sending them to the chairman, of the
Committee of Ways and Means. „
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to make a single
explanation in connection with the -point now
presented here. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] and the House will see that the state-
ment made by him is wholly incorrect—is entirely
unfounded. A few days since I was at the Treas-
ury Department, when the Acting Secretary^ the
Treasury told me thq^ he intended to send esti-
mates to the Committee of Ways and Means from
the Treasury Department, asking that committee
to autliorize'the Secretary of the Treasury to build
or purchase six revenfle-cutters. The Acting
Secretary and the Chief Cleric of the Treasury
Department" (Mr., Harrington)-—who had come
in—insisted that the legal mode was to communi-
cate with the Committee of Ways and Means and
to spnd the estimates, for those things, there. I
told them that the only regular course was to send
their estimates, directly to Congress, and not to i
that committee. Now, that conversation applied
solely to the action of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It had no reference to the head of any otfier
Department. The gentleman from Virginia and
the House will, therefore, see that the Secretary
of the Interior and the Chief Clerk of the Treas-
ury Department are entirely mistaken in making
 anv such statement.
Mr. LETCHER. One word more. I imagine
that when that communication was made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Houston] to the Secretary of the Treasury
and his Chief Clerk, that the various Departments
of the Government connected with the Treasury
Department were probably 
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Our conversation was confined to one point exclu-
sively, and that point had reference to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury alone, and not to the head of
any other Department. I requested the Secretary
of the Treasury to send his communication directly
to the House, and not to the Committee of Ways
and Means. But the point was not brought up at
all, as to whether the head of any other Depart-
ment, or the head of any bureau, should commu-
nicate through that Department or directly to tlie
House, or to the Committee of Ways and Means.
That is my explanation.
Mr. LETCHER., Well, it seems there was a
conversation in relation to the mode of communi-
cating between the Treasury Department, an8 of
course between the various other Departments
connected with that Department and the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not the various Departments.
It related to none but the Treasury Department.
Mr. LETCHER. It has been contended in the
whole course of this argument, from the com-
mencement of this controversy to the present time,-
that the Secretary of the Interior was under the
control and management of the Secretary of the
Treasury, so far as these communications m regard
to estimates of the expenditures of his Department
are concerned. Now, I can very readily see how
it miglft occur upon this occasion, m the conver-
sation between the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and his Chief Clerk, that the conclusion nnglit
have been drawn precisely as it has beejj^drawn
by Mr. Stuart, and those in his Department con-
nected with him. Every gentleman knows, I ap-
prehend, because most gentlemen here have been
in Congress longer than I have, that as far asthepe
communications from the Departments to Congress
are concerned, they are generally made through
a clerk in each of the Departments, who are well
acquainted with the proper forms to be used.
be some mistake. I have never ^changed a sm- j they may belong for Aeir official signatur , .
gle word with the Secretary of the Interior since I
came here, until last night.
to receive the proper legal sanction. , ,
Now, in relation to this .matter about whicft sc.
