1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
he estimated the cost much higher than it really
v/ould be. I have the Blue-Book before me, show-
ing the expense of publishing the laws for the
Thirty-first Congress. It appears by it, that there
were paid to each newspaper $93 for the short
session, and $224 for the long session. This
would make an average of about $150 per year.
The whole amount, then, according to the plan I
have proposed, would be about $35,GOO per year
for publishing thelaws,and not $30,000 more than
the present expense, as it has been stated. The
expense under the present arrangement is some-
thing like $J2,000, and it ^ould be increased by
about $35,000, to obtain the publication of the
laws in some one paper in each Congressional dis-
trict m the United States. So much in relation to i
expense. The gentleman from Tennessee alluded
to the recent law passed in relation to the Con-
gressional Globe. Now, does that gentleman sup-
pose that the Congressional Globe will circulate :
to anythinghke a merest fraction of all the readers
in the United State*? There are nearly 5,000,000
subscribers to newspapers m the country, and yet
the gentleman talks about their reading the laws
from the Congressional -Globe i I want to send
these laws to the people for them to read, and I
say the expense is not large for such a purpose.
That is what i wish to accomplish. 1 propose
this plan of giving the publication of the laws of
the United States to one paper in each Congres-
sional district, being one paper for about every
one hundred thousand inhabitants. I ask if that ,
is too extended a circulation? Will gentlemen
not give the people light in relation to their legis-
lation? Will not gentlemen of this House let the
people see their work? Will not they let the peo-
ple see what they have done? It seems to me we
ought to be willing to distribute these laws among
the people of the country.
The circulation mentioned by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meadh§ is totally inadequate
to the wants of the people. The circulation we
have under the present arrangement is absurd.
The laws do not circulate amongst any consider-
able portion of the people. That which I propose
is a circulation that will be uniform in all sections
of the country, and in proportion to the popula-
tion. It seems to me this is a subject which ad-
dresses itself to the good sense of this committee.
It not only proposes to give this information to the
people, but it cuts olf a very large amount of pat-
ronage from the control of the Government. The
patronage of the Government is large enough al-
ready. i think in this thing I may be regarded as
disinterested, fori have not a doubt that my candi-
date will be elected the next President of the United
States. I think that a Democratic administration
will have control of Government and control of the
fublishing of the laws under the present system.
may, therefore, be regarded as disinterested in
the matter. I am not seeking to injure Whigs or
benefit Democrats. I believe the proposition I
have offered is correct in principle, that it ought
to be adopted, and I trust it will oe by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Maine has talked about expenses. We arc
now about to appropriate for the year which will
include the short session of Congress. The State
Department, under whose direction these laws are
to be printed in the papers, have estimated for the
next session at $260 per paper. As the law now
stands, the laws required to be published under
the present arrangement will amount to an ex-
pense of about $18,200, I believe. Now, at the
same rate—$260 for each paper—if they are pub-
lished in one paper in each Congressional district,
the expense will be over $51,000, making a differ-
ence of about $33,000 between the expense in-
volved as the law now stands and as it will stand
if the gentleman's amendment is adopted.
Mr. SMART. I want to say that these esti-
mates are not borne out by the facts existing for
the last several years.
Mr. JONES. But such are the facts. Here
are the estimates upon which this bill has been
reported, and we have allowed in this bill, upon
the estimates sent us by the Department, $260 for
each newspaper. At that rate, if the gentleman's
amendment is adopted, it will make an increase
upon the present appropriation of about $33,000
for the coming short session of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maine being in the nature of a
substitute, the question will first be put upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meadf..]
Mr. SMART. I intended to offer mine as an
amendment to the amendment, and I supposed the
question would first be put upon mine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair inquired of the
gentleman from Maine whether he intended to
offer his proposition as an amendment to the
amendment, or as a substitute for it. The gen-
tleman indicated that he offered it as a substitute,
in which case it would be first in order to perfect
the original amendment before the question was
taken upon the substitute.
Mr. SMART. As I understand it, if the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia b? not
concurred in, my amendment will fall with it. I
desire to have the privilege of voting upon that
amendment, and I therefore ask that the vote may
be first taken upon it as an amendment to the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will
first be put upon the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart.]
The amendment of Mr. Smart was again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Smart.]
Mr. HEBARD. Is this a substitute for the
original amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understood
at first, but afterwards the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Smart] stated that he intended it otherwise,
and as a proviso to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
Mr. tlEBARD. Then it is not subject to amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, as it is itself an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the committee rise.
[Cries of 44 No!" " No !" No !"]
The question was taken, and there were upon
a division—ayes 47, noes 31-
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was there a quorum voting?
The CHAIRMAN. There was no quorum
voting, but that is not necessary to authorize the
committee to rise.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 196, making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1853, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report a bill, for the purpose
of having it referred and printed.
The bill was read for information, as follows:
A bill making appiopuations for codnin fortifications of
the United States, tor the year ending the 30th ot June,
1353.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not the bill received ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It was objected to
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. STANLY. As the gentleman from Geor-
gia objects, after it has had its first reading, what
becomes of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It was read merely for in-
formation, and has not been received by the
House.
On motion the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorial and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The memorial ot the Atlantic Mu-
tual Insurance Company of New York, and of s^ven other
Mutual Insurance companies of that city, tor the passage
of a hill for the better protection of the lives* of passengers
in ptopflled by steam.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana : The petition of John K.
Buike, and 9-2 other citizens of Louisiana and Texa*, pray-
ing that a post road be established from the mouth of Red
river to Buir's ferry, in Louisiana, thence to Iluntsvillo,
Texas.
Also, the petitition of Edward T. Ellis, Luther Hushes,
and 85 othercMizeiisuf Louisiana, in iel<uiou to the " Baron
De Bastrop Grant.^
By Mr. HAWS: The memorial of J«aac Macy, Amos
Palmer andotheif, ot the city oi Xtnv Vojk, asking that the
Senate bill lor the better protection of pa^eiifjers on boatd
of vessels propelled by steam, be passed without amend-
ment.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 4, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
Wayne county, New York, praying an appro-
priation for the repair of the piers at the mouth of
Great Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Williamsburg, New York, praying that the
* 'homestead bill" may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of the heirs
of Major Caleb Swann, who was formerly a Pay-
master General in the Army of the United States,
praying for a settlement of the accounts of the
deceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
PENSION AND BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by Mr.
Geyer, the 12th of July, as follows:
Resolved, That the Seciefnrv be directed to purchase
five hundred copies of tit** pension and bounty land laws,
with the opinions, decisions, and regulations in relation to
those lawfe, lecently compiled by Mayo & Moulton, pro-
vided the price does not exceed $3 50 per copy.
The above resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
j No amendment being offered, it was reported to
the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CLERK OF CENSUS BUREAU.
Mr. DAYIS. I move that the Senate take up
the motion, made by the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Mangum] a few days a°;o, to reconsider
I the vote by which the joint resolution explanatory
' of the act providing for the taking of the Seventh
Census was ordeied to be engrossed, and which
is now lying on the table. If there is no objection,
1 desire to have that question acted upon, as it
is necessary that it should be decided promptly.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Mangfm] takes a good deal of interest
in this question, and he is not now present. I
understand that he made the motion to reconsider,
and I therefore hope the motion to reconsider may
not be taken up to-day in his absence.
Mr. DAVIS. I gave notice to the Senator from
North Carolina that I should call up this resolu-
tion, and he assented to the propriety of taking it
up and acting upon it promptly. I forbore, yes-
terday, to make this motion, because I did not see
him m his seat. He iias sent no word to me, and
therefore I think lie feels indifferent in regard to
it. There are other gentlemen who feel as much
interest in having; this question decided as I do.
Mr. BORLAND. If it be in order, I will say
one word on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] to take up the joint res-
olution, as I perceive that it did not receive par-
i ticulur attention from the Senate.
A few days ?*go a joint resolution passed the
■ Senate, explanatory of an amendment which had
! been made to the act of 1850, for taking the census
| of the United States, and fixing the salary of the
i Superintending Clerk, and the amount of compen-
i sation to the Secretary of the Census Board. By
; an amendment to a recent bill, which does not
! seem to have attracted much attention at the time,
■ a difficulty has been presented to the Treasury
; Department as to the true interpretation of the act
; of 1850.
j The PRESIDENT. The Senator must be
| aware that the resolution is on the table, and not
' under consideration by the Senate.
. Mr. BORLAND. I am not discussing the
merits of the question; but simply calling the at-
i tention of Senators to the nature of the resolution
i which the Senator from Massachusetts wishes to
j take up from the table.
I I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
• fact that that resolution is intended to lead the of-
| ficers of the Treasury to a true interpretation of
j the act of 1850, and to decide whether two salaries
! or one shall be paid for the same service.
I Mr. BADGER. Then I hope the resolution
j will be taken up and passed.
i Mr. SEWARD. I suppose that if it is proper
