f •
280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
much disturbance has b&n raised. I understand j
the whole amount of it is this: A clerk in the
Department of the Interior prepared this comma-
nication for the Secretary of the Interior, and he,
under the belief that there was nothing disrespect-
ful or improper in it, sent it to this House.
There is another point of view which I desire
to notice, if "my colleague [Mr. Bayly] will in-
dulge me for a moment. The argument of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] this
morning,goes to show that the estimates of the rev-
enues and expenditures of the Government shall
annually come from the Secretary of the Treasury
to the Speaker of this body. Now, weref not
these very deficiencies, which is the subject of this
complaint now, estimated for in the report of the
Secretary >of the Treasury last year? Did not he
present his estimates-then, not only of the incom-
ing revenue, but of the expenses of the Govern-
mei% at that very time*, and did not those esti-
mates and these expenditures cover this matter
now the subject of consideration ? I understand
that at the last session of Congress appropriations i
were not made for the sums asked for by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, through the Secretary of,
the Treasury, and these deficiencies may have oc-
curred, in that way. It seems to me that the:
whole thing came here properly enough, and
knowing Mr. Stuart, as I do, and regarding him
personally, as I do, to be a most excellent man, I i
have no idea that he would send a communication
here in a manner not authorized by this House. i
Mr. STANLY. I think this matter has already 1
consumed more time than it is worth. I have no
doubt that the explanation given by both the gen-
tlemen from Virginia will satisfy the House in
regard to the course taken by Mr. Stuart. T
move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON". I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw the call for the pr<£
vious question." I do not wish to occupy much
time.
Mr. STANLY. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Wcrys and Means be responsible
for the delay? v
Mr. HOUSTON". If I had not been improp-
erly drawn into this debate, I should have had
no cause for asking its withdrawal.
Mr. STANLY. I will withdraw it for the
chairman, as 1 am only his lieutenant on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I only desire that
we should get along with the public business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to occupy
much time in the remarks I have to make upon the
subject, and shall confine myself to the point now
directly before the House. I said in my remarks
yesterday, that I did not believe the Secretary of
the Interior had pursued the course which he had
done with any purpose of acting- m violation of
the law. I said further, that 1 did not think he
deserved the rebuke winch was intended by the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jo.nxs.] 1 believe I put it upon proper grounds.
What 1 censure most is, that he is endeavoring to
shift the responsibility from himself, and place it
upon me.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman give
way for one moment?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHEll. The gentleman entirely mis-
apprehends me. I did not understand, nor did I
desire to be understood by this House, that Mr.
Stuart wished to make up an issue with the
Committee of Ways and Means. I called upon
Mr. Stuart this morningand inquned into this mat-
ter, when the com ersation related by me occurred.
If the gentleman supposes that the Secretary of
the Interior desires to place him in any difficulty,
he entirely misapprehends me; as did the House,
if thd|fcso understood me.
Mr. HOUSTON. While I am in favor, as I
was in favor on yesterday, of referring this com-
munication to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and having it printed, yet I cannot sub-
scribe to the docuine that has been advanced by
thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] I un-
derstand that gentleman to place his defence of
the Secretary of the Interior upon two lending
points. One of which is, that it is no violation of
law; the other is, that it is in strict conformity
wnh the usages of the House. Upon these points,
I take issue with the gentleman from Virginia;
and to sustain my position I have" but to refer to
the law of 1789, creating the Treasury Depart-
ment, referred to by thfe gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones.] It goes-on to make it the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to prepare and
submit to Congress, estimates of the appropria-
tions needed by the Government. Then the
amendatory act pessed in May, 1800, reiterates,
substantially, all that was contained in the law
of 1789, making it the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to prepare these estimates, and
submit them to Congress. But the gentleman says
that the law of the 10th of May, 1800, apphedflk-
clusively to estimates for expenditures, of which
the Secretary became apprised before the meeting
of Congress. This could not be otherwise. He
must have time to form his opinions and digest
His plans, in order to arrive at his conclusions of
what the expenditures will be. This law reiter-
ates, substantially, all in the law of 1789, which
created the Treasury Department, and makes it
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
make these reports; and in doing so, gives'the
reason why he is required to do it. The law says
he must do it, that he may be enabled to prepare
his estimates to correspond with the means he
has on hand, and the estimates of the revenue
to be derived from all sources. *That is a good
reason, and I ask why it does not apply as well
to deficiencies as to the annual estimates? 1 think
the remark of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that the law creating this Depart-
ment never contemplated' any deficiencies, is a
very true one. It was expected that the Secre-
taries of the Treasury would, in their respective
reports, present estimates amply sufficient to carry
o,n the Government for the ensuing year, and that
no deficiency would be called for; hence, there is
nothing said in the law upon the subject of defi-
ciencies. But let us illustrate this subject still fur-
ther. We say that Uie Secretary of the Treasury
must prepare and digest his plans, and submit Ins
estimates of the expenditure and of the revenue.
And for what reason ? It is that he may make the
expenditure and means correspond. But here,
after he does that—-after he submits his estimates
of receipt and expenditure—we are called upon to
make appropriations of which he has no know-
ledge—which we have received from other depart-
ments and bureaus of the Government, and which,
as a matter of course, must disarrange all his
plans and estimates. It is the duty of that officer
of the Government at least to make the receipts
balance the expenditures, so that the receipts shall
not fall below the expenditures, and that the Gov-
ernment shall not, in times like these, become in-
volved and embarrassed with debt. How, then,
Cciii he make the estimates, how adjust the plans,
how know what amount of revenue is necessary
to be raised, unless all this information comes
through him, and is communicated to him? The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] refers to
the law of 1842, lead by him, which speaks of
communicating with Congress, or with the heads
of commiuces. Now the object of that law is very
piain. It was to enable the committees of Con-
gress, when estimates had been submitted to them,
to have communication with the heads of Depart-
ments, and to obtain from them the necessary
explanations of the appropriations sought.
[Cries of " Read the law !" " Read the law!"]
Mr. H. continued: Gentlemen say, read it, and
I have but to read it to sustain the views and the
position I have taken. It is thus:
".And he it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the several heads or Departments, in communicating pen-
mates ot cxpendituies and appiopriations to Congieiss, and
to any of the committees thereof, to specify, as nearly as
; may be convenient, the homers from which such estimates
| are derived, and the calculations upon winch they are
I founded; and, m so doing, to discriminate between such
estimates as are conjectural in their character, and such as
j aie framed upon actual information and application from
! dibLiur^p otiieeis," &c.
! Now, Mr. Speaker, you must see at a glance
' that the object of that law was to enable the com-
! nhttee to obtain the precise information they might
j desir£, of the subjects upon which t^|y had to act,
j and to enable them, without corning back to the
; House, to go diiectly to the Departments and ask
| them for the necessary explanations, in reference
i to the appropriation sought.
I The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] says
i that the Secretary of the Interior, in sending his
| estimates directly to this body, has done nothing
unusual, in that I also differ with him. I pre-
| sume if he should endeavor to furnish us with n
precedent, he would find it" quite difficult to do I
think I could venture to say,. impossible to do. I
am sure he could not make it appear to be usual.
Mr. Speaker, so far from this being in conformity
to the usage of the heads of Departments, the
very reverse is the case.' The Secretary of the
Treasury reports directly to Congress, in pursu- .
ance of express law. The other Secretaries do not.
Even their annual reports are made to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and by him sent to
Congress; so I lay it down as true, that there is
no case in which the other Secretaries report di-
rectly to this body, except, perhaps, they might
do so in reply to a resolution calling upon them,
and even that is acknowledged by all to be very
irregular and unusual. But again: The Secretary
of the Treasury is responsible for the estimates of
all the Departments, and when furnished to him
by the other Secretaries, he can refuse to send
them to Congress. He can increase or diminish
them as he may see fit. And why is this so." It
is so because of his duty and responsibility under
the law. It is made his duty, as I have before
said, to "prepare and submit to Congress plans of
raising revenue, and also estimates of the public
expenses. It is given him to manage the finances
of the Government. The law makes it his duty,
and devolves upon him the responsibility; and
how can he, or why should he, be justly held ac-
countable, if you deprive him or the control, in
whole or in a material part, of the subject? If this
Government, in time of peace, should be so man-
aged as to contract a large debt—I mean in its or-
dinary fiscal operations—public indignation wou]d
be aroused, and the condemnation would be lotid*
but would the bad management he charged upon
the Secretary of the Interior? Surely not. He
is not our financial officer; he has no control over
the revenues, nor has the other Secretaries, except
the Secretary of the Treasury. So he is the one
who would be censured, because he hnsfull con-
trol over all estimates to be submitted, and they
all should, in pursuance of law and,usage, undergo
his supervision and action.
Mr. Speaker, it was not my intention to have
occupied much of the time and, especially as I see
indications from all parts of the House of a desire
to proceed to business at once, I do not feel at lib-
erty to occupy any more time.
[Cries of "Call the previous question!" from
seveial members.]
Mr. H. Gentlemen say I must call the pre-
vious question. Although I dislike to make a
speech and then move the previous question, still,
in accordance with the general wish, I will do so. I
will say, at the same time, that I am, as I was yes-
terday, m favor of referring the report to the Com-
mittee of Ways and M«?ans. I dft not think any
wrong was intended on the part of the Secretary
of the Interior. I have made these remarks merely
that this Department may know what my views
are. as one of the humble members of this body.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question wa£ ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
communication upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to lay the communi-
cation upon the table; and there were—yeas oG,
nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Avcrett, Bis-«el!,
Boenck, Bmsg, Butby, Joseph Cable, Crirtter, Chn-s-
tam, Chiuohwell. Daniel, John U. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dunham, fidgerton, Fickhn, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, (ramble, Gajloid, Gieen, Hall, Ilajmlton, Ham-
rmm<r, Kli<u;i G. Harm. Hart, Hendtick-, Henn, Ilib-
bard, Hilher, Thomas Y. Ilow, Ingers-oll, Robert W.
Johnson, George VV. Jones, Mace, McNair, Millson,
Murphy, Murray, Old?, Pear.lee, Polk, Powell, Robbing
Itobie, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Scurry, David L. H^y-
inour, Snow, Sw'eetser, Townshond, and Wallace—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Aberct'omtue, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrete, Bartlett, Beil, Bibighaus,
Brenton, Bnggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, Buell, Bur-
rows, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Caskiv, Chandler, Chanman,
Clark, Clinjman, Cobb, Conger, Culiom, George Y. Da-
vis, Disney". Dookf-ry, Doty, Duncan, Durkee. Edmund-
;ion. Dw in?,'Faulkner. Fueh, Fowler, Freeman, Giddmtrs,
Gihii'ii-o. Ooodenow, Gorman. Giey, Grow, Il.ttpor, t-smip-
sou \V. Hams, Haws, fiscal!. Haven, Holladav, Bor^ford,
Houston, Howard. John W Howe, Hunter, hes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Jamc^ Johnson, John Johnson,
Pre-to/i Kinir, Knlms. Kurtz, jLamhy, Letchot, Mann,
Rt'waid C. Maisliall, Martin, Mason,"McMulim,'Me* U>,
Millet, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Mooie, John Moore,
\aborsj, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Parkci, Penmniaii, Pet*
