1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
to limit the amendments that were offered to ap-
propriation bills, and this limitation was looked
upon at the time as being proper. When the esti-
mate in this case was prepared, it was the inten-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs to have
brought up an amendment upon it, because then
the estimate was necessary; but subsequently,
when the question was brought up in the Finance
Committee—the committee that has a right to ori-
finate appropriation bills, the committee that could
ave originated this deficiency bill, or any other
of that description hrought before the Senate—
there was no necessity for an estimate. We had
a right to strike out the whole original bill after
the enacting clause, and bring in a substitute for it,
or bring in an entirely new bill. I take theground
that the Committee on Finance can bring in an
appropriation bill. That is the view which I have
taken of it, and which, I am sure, the Finance
Committee have taken of it. We have had it
under our serious consideration whether it was
not our duty to bring in a portion of the appro-
priation bills, and not have them all thrust upon
us at the close of the session as heretofore. With
that view of the case, I have never entertained a
doubt that the Committee on Finance have power
at any time to make any appropriation, independ-
ent of any estimate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, in justice to
himself, will take the liberty of stating to the Sen-
ate, that when this proposition was made at the
last session, by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Peaiice,] and objected to, on theground that there
was no estimate, the Chair, without hesitation,
decided that it could not be received, and that it
was out of order, as it conflicted with the rule.
That decision was sustained by the Senate. The
letter that was afterwards produced by the honor-
able Senator, did not vary the case at all. It was
simply a letter written to a Senator, hypothetical
in its terms, making no estimate, in fact. The
question here is one which the Chair, under ordi-
nary circumstances, would have decided; but in-
asmuch, as he has staled already, the Senate, on
several occasions, have decided that estimates fur-
nished on calls of Senators, brought such an
amendment within the rule, he feels unwilling to
give a construction to it which would preclude the
Senate practically from entertaining what they
might believe to be in order, and within the rule
which they have adopted. Although an estimate
is not exactly made by the Postmaster General,
in his report, yet he designates the arrangement
which, if made, would involve this appropriation;
but owing to the regulation mentioned by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, the Committee on Naval
Affairs had to apply to the head of the Navy De-
partment, who furnished the paper which has been
read. It is for the Senatp to say whether, in con-
forming with the communication made by the
head of the Post Office Department, and thus far
carried out by the head of the Navy Department,
it is not such an estimate as brings the amendment
strictly in order, and within the rule that lias been
adopted. The Chair therefore prefened that the
Senate should decide this question for itself, al-
though ordinarily he does not feel disposed to
shrink from the decision of any question that may
be presented.
Mr. BRADBURY. As this question of order
is one of some interest, 1 desire to submit a single
suggestion. Is it not too late to make objection
to the amendment?
Mr. MANGUM. The Chair has already de-
cided that point.
The PRESIDENT. A question can only be
made when an amendment comes up tor consider-
ation; for that is the first time it is properly pre-
sented to the body.
Mr. M ANGUM. I desire to understand the
Chair aright. Do I understand that the Chan-
considers the amendment in order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has left it to the
Senate to decide under the rule which has been
adopted, whether, under the circumstances of the
case, the estimate said to have been furnished by
the Navy Department, does not bring the amend-
ment within the rule.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire that the Senate shall
act understandingly hereafter upon all these mat-
ters, and I wish to settle the principle for my own
government hereafter. I therefore call for the
yeas and nays on the point.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. As this is a question of
some importance in guiding our action in future,
it is desirable that our decision should be such as
may not embarrass us. The rule to which refer-
ence has been madedeclares that " no amendment
proposing additional appropriations shall be re-
ceived," &c. Now, do wereceive an amendment
which comes to us from a committee? If we do,
have we not already received this amendment?
The Committee on Finance have reported, as rule
No. 34 authorizes them to do, an amendment to
the bill, and that amendment has been received
and printed. Therefore, is it a question whether
we shall now receive it? It seems to me that this
single view of the subject shows that the rule to
which reference has been made, is confined to
cases of amendments proposed by individuals, and
not those coming from a committee. Otherwise,
we might find ourselves in this dilemma: The
House might omit, for instance, to provide any
contingent fund for the Senate, and the Committee
on Finance would be precluded from reporting and
the Senate from considering, a proposition to pro-
vide that which is indispensably necessary. I
therefore regard this as a matter entirely aside ,
from one of those cases where no estimate is re- j
quired. !
The PRESIDENT. The question is, Is the |
amendment reported by the Committee on Fi- j
nance in order? Is the Senate ready for the ques- j
tion ?
Mr. BORLAND. Before that question is ta-
ken, I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
one thing. I did not observe it so closely at first j
as I have now. It seems to me that the case pre- j
sented by this letter of the Navy Department, ]
which is called an estimate, is of itself sufficient to
show that the proposed amendment is not in or- j
der. The letter says: j
u 1 have til o honor to Plate, that the estimate prepared at I
tins Depanment, on tile i&th ultimo, in compliance with '
your request of the ultimo, was confined to the in- '
creased sf nice contemplated Jor the half yeai commencing «'
on tiie Utot January ku.t, to supply deficiencies ol existing ;l
appropriation, compensation for said services at the rate oi ,
per tup, 111 heu of the pie->ent allowance Ir it bo j
the intention oi the Committee on Naval Aflairs of the Sen- j
ate to substitute a new rate of compensation under the con- j]
tract ior mail scrvice between Xi:\v York and Liverpool,
from the 1st of January, 1832, and to authorize incieased !;
scrvice from that date, then the estimate to supply the de- j
ficiency of existing appropriation, furnished on the 29th j
ultimo, is erroneous, and should b« as follows," See. j
It appears from that, that the estimate furnished i
by the Department was altogether for a dilferent!
amount and for a different purpose. The Secre- j
tary says now, that if it be proposed to do some- \
thing else, then it is necessary that we should give '
more money. He does not ask it. He does not j
recommend it. Our action here, if we adopt this :
amendment, wiil not be in pursuance of an esti- i
mate as the rule requires.
Air. RUSK. I desire to say one word in regard j
to this being in pursuance of an estimate. Are 1
we to be the mere registers of die decrees of the .
Departments? When a Department makes an es-
timate, can we not cut it down or increase it? If '
we are the mere registers of the decrees of the
Executive Departments, then we must construe .
the rule to the very letter. j
Mr. BORLAND. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood upon this subject. The Senator from '
Texas clearly misconceives the position which 1 '
took. I did not contend that we should be the \
mere registers of the decrees of the Executive De- t
partments. 1 was merely following the rule which, !
so long as it is the rule, is the law by which we j
are to be governed. The Department does not ask :
this. I do not propose to limit myself to what '
they ask, but I say, as long as we have a rule, 1
which excludes certain things from our legislation, J
1 consider it our duty to adhere to that rule. If '
we choose to abolish it, very well. 1 do not know I
that I should much object to that; but while it is !
a rule we are bound by it, and I shall vote for sus-
taining it. !
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state the
question again. The question is simply whether
the amendment reported by the Committee on Pi-
nance is in order. Those who think it is in order
will, as their names are called, answer " yea;"
those who consider that it is not in order will an-
swer " nay."
The question being taken resulted—yeas 29,
nays 12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Brooke, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Douglas,
Downs, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Jones of Tennessee,
Mangum, Miller, Norris, Rusk, Seward, Shields Smith,
Spniance, Sumner, Underwood, Upham, and Wade—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, lirodhtad, Cass,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Hunter, Jones of
Iowa, Mason, Morton, Sebastian, and Walker—12.
So the Senate decided that the amendment was
in order.
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 26's 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion made by the gentleman fiorn North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] on Monday last, chut the
rules of the House be suspended in order to en*
able him to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee on public pointing
be dirpcted to investigate the accounts of John I] Trenholm
and William M. Belt, for printing executed in their mmes
for the Senate and House ol Representatives for the Tnirty-
fir t Congress, whether rendered before, during, or since
the adjournment of that Congress.
Mr. STANLY. 1 propose to modify the res-
olution into a call upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and then the House can send it to whatever
committee they please. 1 hope theie will be no
objection to it. I propose to modify theresolution,
as follows:
Resolved, Thattlie Secietary of the Treasury fu'idth this
House with copies of all the accounts of John II. TienhoJm,
and of William M. Belt, for priming executed in ilieir
names for the Senate and House of Representatives {'or the
Thnty-lirht Congress, whether rendered betore, dunng, or
since the adjournment of that Congress.
The question was then put to the House, and
there were, on a division—ayes 64, noes 24; no
quorum voting.
Mr. STANLY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules. By the time
the roil shall have been called through, the mem-
bers will be in.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, I ask the Chair what is
the condition of the question now submitted to the
House'1 Is it the original resolution pending?
The SPEAKER. The original resolution is
withdrawn, arid the resolution just read by the
Clerk substituted in its place by the m.>ver of the
original resolution. It will he read again for the
information of the Bouse, if there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If 1 ununsiand
correctly, the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. St\nly] withdrew the original resolution,
and asks for a suspension of the rules to admit
the substitute which has been just read at the
Clerk's table, which merely proposes to call unon
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish the ac-
counts of Trenholm & Belt for the public printhv.
Mr. STANLY. That is all.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution for the information of the House.
The resolution substituted was read by the
Clerk, as above inserted.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the Chair if
these accounts are not on file in the Clerk's office
—if they were not paid by the Clerk, and the ac-
counts retained in his office, and never sent to the
Secretarv ?
Mr. STANLY. I reckon not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to in-
form the gentleman.
Mr. GORMAN. Allow me to suggest to thr
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly*
that the accounts of Trenholm &Bek, and all other
printers, are paid out of the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives, and ateali filed in this
House, and that the Secretary of theTreasm y has
them not on file, unless they were left there when
the Clerk settled his accounts at the Treasury. I
have no objection, however, to the resolution.
Mr. BAyLY, of Virginia. I presume that the
