1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
information called for is already before the House,
or ir ousht to he.
Mr. SVANLY. Yes, ought to be.
Mr. BAYLY. It is before the House, I pre-
sume, find the question is, whether a resolution of
this sort is to 'he introduced as an excuse for not
acting upon the report of the Committee on Print-
ing:.
Mr. STANLY. The question is, whether
gentlemen intend to vote against this information
to give them an excuse to Galphinize a hundred
thousand dollars out of the Treasury, without the
facts before the country.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. STANLY. If debate is right on one side,
it 10 on the other.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 should like to say one word,
merely.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HALL. I object to all further debate.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 104, nays 31; as follows:
YEA3—Messrs.Wil]j« Allni,William Appleton, Averett,
David J. 3a>iey5Thoma> H. Bayly, Darrere, Bocock, Bowie,
Bris."?*. Bushy, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carifei, Chandler. Chapman, Clih2in.*n, Cobb, Cottmari,
John G. Da'---, Dnnmiek, Docker), Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
Ewins, I'Vkhn, Fitch, Florence. Floyd, Fowler,
Gent.v, Gid'hugb, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grow, Hall, Ham-
ilton. 'Haiper, Idiam G. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hascall,
Iliven, Tieuard. Ilolladay, Hoisford, Hou-ton, John W.
Howe, Tuou.a^ M. Howf, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
John Joln^un, Daniel T. Jotic^, George W. Jones, George j
G, King. Kuan"?, Landry, Lockhait, Mann, Martin, Me- i
Corki'\ McQuec , Meachaan Miller. Mnlson, Miner. Mo- !
Jony. Uenr- D. Moore, Moreheitd, Munay, Naders, New- j
ton.'Old1-, Andicw Parker, Samuel W. Paiker, Pea^lee, {
Peimnuan. Peikms "help-, Rohbms, Savage, riclieriner- 1
horn, Sendder, Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Sun ton, Stone,
Taylor. Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Town«end, Ven- j
•U'le, Wallace. VVaWi, Waid, Washburn, Watknw, Wells, |
Alexandei White, Williams,Woodward, and Yates—104. i
NAYrf—'le-isii. John Appleton, Ashe, Bragg, Thompson !
Caain'ii'il. Chn-.rairij Ciiurchwell, Cuitis, Dean, Edmund- j
pon, Thoma- J- J). Fuller, Gaylord, Hammond, Sampson
W. Ji in is, Ilendue^, lis bbard, Tnjrer^oll, Jackson, Robert '
\V. Johri-on, J. Clancy Jone-, Kuitz, McNair, Mnruton, |
Penn. Polk. Puce, Skelton, Snow, Ficdenek P. Stanton. ;
St. Maitm/and Wilcox—31. j
Go the rules were suspended to allow the reso- ;
iution to be introduced. i
Mi-. C VSX1E asked the privilege of recording :
his \ote,as he was without the bar when his name 1
was called.
Objection was mode, and his vote was not re- ,
corded. j
.Mr. OASKLE. If I had been permitted to vote,
1 should have voted m the affirmative. j
.Mr. EA YLY, of Vngima. was here recognized !
11v the Chair.
"Mr. STANLY. \ni I not entitled to the floor r !
The SPhiA&KIJ. Unless it js a question of,
pwvxk^e. no person is entitled to the floor. ;
M r. ^TANLY. I yie'd most explicitly to the ;
de<-<sion of riie Chair.
Mr. SPEAKER. The ,'rentleman is entitled to ;
the floor if hr hos any motion to make. !
Mr. BAYLY. I t'ise to a privileged question. 1
Mr. ST A NLY. i y.eld to that.
Mr. JONE^. U *hc resolution before the '
Honso, before 1 'm ^entieman from North Carolina .
[ f r. Si' vvr.,i 1 odors it' !
The ^P^AIvEH. ft is not. The gentleman '
North Carolina [Mr. Staxly] is entitled to ,
the floor, utiles* the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
}1avlyJ r.ses to a privileged question.
Mr. BAYLY. ! do rise to a privileged ([lies- 1
lion, f move to reconsider the vote by which the ;
vvies were su&pervled, on the ground thai \ hold |
I'MiiV hand h, primed copy of the information for
\I, s FANLV. That is a mistake, and I hope ,
;,-.c w.il refuse to reconsider the vote. !
Mr. JONES, ofTem^ssee. I ask if the gen-
t'-vm from Vn-iima [Mr. Bayly] can move to .
rfvo'^-'dcr the vote ?
A You- n. On whi('h side d:d In* vote?
Mi. i> \YLY. i \oU'A m the affirmative with
the m t]-" i"". . , ,
The'rfi^ \fvER The ("hair uouots tne right
of th'j ii > i; j "ve a reconsidernt ion.
Mr. K \YLY I withdraw the motion.
Xhp is^ftAJCtifL The Chair was about to de-
cide ih'ii i he jientleman had not the right to make
;l;e mot.uo.
Mr DAVLY. ihit I withdrew my motion
Mr. STANLY. I offer the resolution, and, i
without detaining the House, I ask the previous ;
question upon it. :
The SPEAKER,. The Chair must remind the 1
gentleman and the House, that there is a rule le- •
quiring oil resolutions calling upon the Depart-
ments for information to lie upon the table for one
day. That rule must also be suspended before '
the resolution can be considered. '
Mr. STANLY. I make the same motion to !
suspend that rule. (
Tne question was then taken, and the motion j
was agreed to. >
The question was then taken upon the adoption -
of the resolution, and it was agieed to. j
So the resolution was adopted. :
Mr. STANLY. I move to reconsider the vote |
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay i
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which !
latter motion was agreed to. i
PROPOSITION FOR ADJOURNMENT. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a |
privileged question. Ic is a resolution which I '
ask may be read for information. It relates to |
the adjournment of this Congress at a given day.
The resolution was then read, as follows: !
Resolved, (with the concurrence of 1'ne Senate,') That ,
the President of the Senate and the Speaker ot tne Hou>e i
of rtepre&CiitaUveb close the present sefsiou of Congress,
by an adjournment ot their respective Houses, on Moncay,
the   day of Augu&t next, at tlie hour o? twelve 1
o'clock, m.
The SPEAKER. The resolution does not em-
brace a privileged question.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LAND WAR-
RANTS.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which 1
have striven to introduce for the last eight weeks, '
providing for opening a land office in my county, ,
m the State of Ohio, which has been closed since 1
the 1st of January, because a bill, No. 6, lying
upon our table, has not been passed, i hope there
will be no objection. It will not detain the House
five minutes.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. If my colleague :
would consent that the bill Le reported to the :
House, and that 1 may have an hour or half an
hour to state my objections to it, I shed! have no
objection to his introducing his resolution. Other-
wise, I cannot consent, as I have objections to the
bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot consent to it.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follow*:
Resolved. Tii.it the Committee ot the Whojf on the state
of the Union b<' di-.Uiatged from the further eontuk'-auon
of Hou^e bill \o. 6, further to extend the time of locating
thf Yngnna military land wairants, and returni'i;; suiveys
theieon to the General Land Office, and lhat the same be
put upon it-parage.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to suspend the rules
of the House tor the purpose of introducing the
resolution.
The question was then taken, and there were,
upon a, division—ayes 8], noes 3th
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question received a second. ;
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. If this bill is to
pass under the operation of the previous question, ,
1 wish to know how many centiemen are m favor
of it, and call tor the veas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS,"of Geoigia.^ ^1 would sug..
ijest to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Rtvxtov,]
that the previous question not called upon the
passage of the bill, but only upon the oooption ol
the resolution, and after the resolution is adopted,
the bill will '-onie before the House for consider-
ation.
The question was then taken on the demand
for the yeps and nays, and they were not ordeted.
Mr. BBLL. 1 rise in order to ascertain the
■ effect of this vote. If this resolution now passes
| to put tne bill, named in it, upon its passage, wui
: it cut off all debnte?
; The SPEAKER. It will not, unless the House
| cut off debate by the adoption of the previous
! question, when the bill is up.
The main question was then ordered.
• Mr. SKELTON. 1 ask for the readmg of the
. resolution.
The resolution was then again read, as above
inserted, and adopted.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, i now move to take up the
bill entitled "A bill to further extend the time for
locating Virginia military land warrants, and re-
turning surveys thereon to the General Land
Office,,J approved July 5th, 1848; and that the bill
be put upon its passage.
1 will detain the House but a single moment in
explaining it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman, that perhaps it would be as well
to amend the bill, by striking out the words " the
1st of January, 1854." I suppose the Govern-
ment intends to satisfy all those land warrants. If
that modification is adopted, it will save the trouble
of passing another bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, f do not object to that; but I
think it necessary to detain the House for a moment
m stating the object of this bill, for many gentle-
men, probably, are not familiar with the situation
of our Virginia military district in Ohio. It is well
known by gentlemen who have served in Con-
gnss, that a bill of this kind becomes necessary
every few years, from the policy of the Govern-
ment, which endeavors to bring about the entry and
locating of the land in what is called the Virginia
military land district, in theStateofOhio. In 1784,
when this reservation was made, and at the time
of the general cession of Virginia of the North-
western Territory, there were about 4,000,000
of acres of land within that district. All those
lands, save about 100,000 acres, have been entered
and appropriated by Viiginia land warrants,
entered in the Virginia military district land office,
in the town of Chdiicothe, in the State of Ohio,
which is an office under the General Government
requiring frequent legislation here. The time has
been extended for the last twenty or thirty years,
two or three years at a time, with the hope that
those lands would beappropriated. Many of them
aie of little value; some not worth twenty cents
an ocre, some worth less; some fifty cents or more;
but still there remains about SO,000 or 100,000
acres of this land not surveyed: and for the want
of act-on on this bill, the land office of that district
has been closed against the entering of the lands,
*mee the 1st day of last January. I will state,
Mr. Speaker, for the information of the House,
that this bill has been rer-oited by the Committee
o.i Public Lands to this House, and is in the exact
words of the bills repeatedly passed heretofore by
Congiess. Its only object is, to keep the land
office open there, to enable the persons holding
Vnffima military land warrants to enter them,
mini some final disposition may be made of these
lands.
I am aware of the objection of my colleague,
[Mr. Stanton*,] and am sorry that f cannot ac-
commodate him. His object is to prevent litiga-
tion in the district. There has been a vast deal of
conflict between persons entering these warrants;
but if we close the land office, I do not think he
would accomplish his object; for persons will liti-
gate about their titles, and the boundaries of their
land. I do not think he ought to desire to close
this office in the State of Ohio, and leave SO,000 or
100.000 acres of land unsurveyed. it is the only
poition of public land in the State unsurveyed,
while it is subject only to entry by persons ho^d-
iu# Vir: ana military land warrants. The land,
which was of little \nlue, is growing: more valu-
able. as the settlement increases. I will state, that
within the last four years, under a bill similar to
this, 100,000 ptcs have been appropriated by per-
sors holding Vu <rmia land warrants; and the only
o'liect of this bill is to enable the holders of such
warrants to continue to locate them so far as they
desire. I believe, during the progiess of this ses-
sion, another bill will be introduced, probably by
fume of rnv fnends from Virginia, contemplating
the entire relinquishment of the residueof thelana
of this Virginia militarv land distiict, so far as it
is unopnropi  ated, to the United States, or to tne
S'.ate of Ohio, upon certain conditions, which shall
have mv cooperation when it. comes up. That
will afford mv colleague ample opportunity to
make his hour's speech. I do not wish to detain
the House further, and will conclude by calling
for the previous question.
