2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
There have been differences of opinion in the De-
partments, and I shall refer to them so far as to
make the matter understood, and no further. I
think I can show, very clearly, that the Secretary
of the Census Board, by the terms of the law,
had ceased to be an officer of that Board when the
census act of 1850 was passed. It is true that, in
1849, there was an act passed on the subject—an
act, the title of which is, "An act to make ar-
rangements for taking the census," It was an act,
remember, to make arrangements. It provided
that the Secretary of State, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General should be a Board,
to be called the Census Board, and that it should
be their duty to prepare blank forms for the
enumeration of the inhabitants, and blank forms
for the other purposes usually embraced within a
census, and to print them. I wish to draw the
attention of the Senate particularly to the last sec-
tion of that act. It is not, as the gentlemen say,
a section providing^a salary of $3,000 a year for
this secretary, but it authorizes the appointment
of a secretary. I will read the terms in which it
authorizes that appointment:
" That the boar<i shall have power to appointa seere-
5arj', who«e remuneration shall be determined by Congress
upon the-completion of the duties assigned to live fioard."
The remuneration is to be determined by Con-
gress on the completion of the duties assigned to
the Board. Then, by the terms of this act, there
was nothing to be paid to this officer until the
duties were completed. That is very obvious.
Then follows the census act of 1850, which con-
tains this provision in the nineteenth section:
"And to enable him," (that is, the Secretary of
the Interior,) " the better to discharge these duties,
he is hereby authorised and required to appoint a
suitable and competent person as superintending
clerk." Not as the head of a bureau, as gentle-
men assume, but as superintending clerk, " who
* shall, under his direction, have the general man-
* agement of matters appertaining thereto, with
6 the privilege of franking, and receiving, free of
* charge, all official documents and letters connected
* therewith." He was to be a man competent to,
and it was to be his duty to superintend, generally,
the matters relating to the census, and the whole
census. That is the express duty assigned to him.
Rove, I would remark, is a departure from the
usage; for heretofore, when former censuses were
taken, the duty of general supervision was referred
to the head of a Department—the Treasury, I be-
lieve—and he assigned such force as he saw fit
from the ordinary clerks of the Department to dis-
charge the duty of digesting the enumeration and
the statistics. This is a new officer—a higher
grade of "cleik"—and receiving, I believe, as
clerk, a higher salary than any other individual in
any of the Departments. Now, let us hear what
provision was made in the act for the appointment
of this gentleman. The twentieth section of the
same act provides as follows:
« be it further enacted, That for the purpose of car-
rying into effect this act, and defuiymg the preliminary ex-
penses, tlim1 is l)«T«by appiopnated, out ot' any money in
th<  Treasury not otherwise appropiifttod, $15fVK)0; out of
which the said Secretary of thy Interior may allow to the :
person employed as .Secretary of the Census Boaid, acom-
pen^uion after tire rat<* of per annum during the 1
period lie has been in their employ."
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] I
is entirely right in the declaration which he made, j
when he took the floor, that it was the purpose of '
the committee, and the purpose of the Senate, and i
of the House of Representatives, to limit the pay !
of this gentleman to the past, that is, for services ,
rendered anterior to the passage of the act. They !
considered his duties as completed, and for that
reason his pay due according to the act of 1849; >
but whether completed or not the duties of Secre- |
tary of that Board were identical with the duties -
of Superintending Clerk. The nineteenth section :
of the act of 1850 contained, as I have shown, a !
provision for the appointment of a competent and ,
suitable person to be Superintending Clerk, who, j
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
was to superintend all matters relating to the cen- j
sus. If there were any duties remaining for the :
Secretary of the Census Board, they were trans- '
fcrred to this clerk. That is the clear intention, ■
and dear interpretation of the act. It is clearly •
susceptible of no other construction than this, j
Confess limited his pay as Secretary of the ;
Census Board to the past, because they knew th;it j
they had provided another officer who was to per- I
form all the duties of superintendence. The duties
of the Secietary of the Board were therefore to
end with the passage of the law, and the settlement
with him was to be final, because his service was
completed. The fact that a new officer was cre-
ated to perform his duties made this arrangement
not only appropriate, but indispensable. There
was no mistake in the use of words, but on the
contrary, the language employed carried out the
purpose of Congress.
Having now referred to all the parts of the law
material to this issue, I now solicit the attention of
the Senate to a very brief narrative of what has
been done in the Department. I do not propose
to follow it through all the stages of its progress,
but I think I can show clearly that even Mr. Ken-
nedy himself gave to the clauses of the act to
which I have referred, exactly the construction for
which I now contend.
The papers before me state, that on the 27th
of May, 1850, he was appointed Superintending
Clerk, and took the oath of office as such. The cen-
sus act passed on the 23d of May, 1850. Now, if
the Senate will carry these dates along with it, and
look into another provision of the act, they will
see that the taking of the census was to commence
on the first day of June. That was the day as-
signed for the enumeration, and to which all the
facts were referable. Mr. Kennedy went into this
office four days before the census act went into oper-
ation—before the blanks and instructions, indeed
all the preliminary papers, were to come into
practical use.
Let us take a glance now, at the duties of the
Census Board, and then we shall see how this
construction stands with reference to the duties
assigned to that Board. The Census Board was
appointed to prepare tables, and to print them.
That was their whole duty, under the law of 1849.
They did prepare tables, but when Congress as-
sembled , they were not reported to the two Houses
so early as was anticipated. The Senate, finding
no tables here, appointed a select committee to
take the whole subject into their hands, and report
upon it. That committee assembled—had many
sittings—and this Secretary of the Census Board
laid before us, informally, certain tables, they not
having been officially reported. We took up those
tables, examined them, amended them largely,
introducing many things and rejecting many
things, and finally made a report to the Senate. I
need not go through an account of the wearisome
discussions which were had here, and the attempts
on the part of that Secretary to displace those
tables, and insert others. That is a matter which
has no particular connection with this question.
The passage of the Census bill was however long
delayed by that process. The bill went to the
House, and there the same scenes were gone
through, and these tables were more or less modi-
fied and amended there, as I think, not to the ad-
vantage of the public service; as they were over-
loaded with columns which have led to confusion
and inaccuracy. The law passed, but its passage
was delayed until the 23d of May. By its own
terms, it was to go into immediate operation, and
the census was to be taken on the 1st of June.
But in this same census act of ]850, there was a
further provision made, that inasmuch as the Cen-
sus Board had commenced the printing of the pre-
paratory matter, and carried it, as was alleged, far
towards completion, they should superintend its
completion, so far as printing was concerned. The
latter part of the nineteenth section, relating to
that subject, is in these words:
"The blanks and preparatory printing for taking the
Census shall be prepared and executed under the direction
of the Census Board; the other printing to be executed as
Congiess shall direct."
Now, what is the "preparatory printing?" It
is the blanks and the printing of the circulars;
nothing else. That printing should have been
completed at the day when the census was to be
taken, because all these papers should have been
distributed by that day, as the act could not be
carried into effect without them. Whether they
were distributed, and the business completed on
that day or not, the purpose was to transfer the
duties of that office of Secretary of the Census
Board to the Superintending Clerk. What had
the Superintending Clerk to do, if it was not his
duty to see to this? I said that the duties of the
Superintending Clerk and of the Secretary of the
Census Board were identical. They were one
and the same thing. And it is difficult to conceive,
if we were to maintain an officer under the name
of Secretary of the Census Board, to perform that
duty, what would have been left for the Superin-
tending Clerk to do. I speak with some confidence
upon this subject, because the terms of the act
authorize me so to do; and I think the meaning
and intention of the act, as far as 1 understand it,
authorize me so to do.
I will now proceed to show that Mr. Kennedy
himself acquiesced in this view of the matter.
According to the terms of the act of 1849, he was
to be settled with when his duties were completed
and ended. Congress was then to assign to him
the pay which he was to receive. What did this
gentleman do after he was appointed Superintend-
ing Clerk? He called upon the Department for a
settlement pursuant to the terms of the act, He
got his certificate from Mr. Clnyton, the then Sec-
retary of State, certifying the time for which he
was entitled to pay under the twentieth section of'
the act of 1850. Here is Mr. Clayton's certifi-
cate. 1 need not trouble the Senate with reading
it. It states that Mr. Kennedy was entitled to
thirteen months'pay. That carried it up to the
1st day of June, 1850. He received from the ac-
counting officers of the Department, as Secretary
of the Census Board, up to the 1st day of June,
his pay after the rate of $3,000 a year.
It will be noted that theie is something signifi-
cant in these dates. The 1st of June aid not end
a quarter, but it was the point of time when the
taking of the census was to commence, and the
settlement was up to that date. The 30th of June
was the quarter day. On the 30th of June this
gentleman received his pay as Superintending
Cleik, at the rate of $2,500 per annum for the
! month; and nothing more was claimed. At the
1 end of the next quarter, the 30th of September,
he received his pay again as Superintending Clerk,
and demanded nothing more. And as the Comp-
troller very significantly expresses it, the idea of
double pay, or compensation as Secretary of the
i Census Board and Superintending Clerk, never
I flashed through this gentleman's mind until about
seven months had elapsed from the 1st day of
June. Seven months had elapsed before this
thought of so construing the statutes as to secure
to himself double pay, had ever entered his mind.
That statement is contained in the record which I
have before me. Thus matters went along; and
on the 26th of December, 1850, there was an or-
der issued by the Secretary of the Interior, to
which I wish to invite the attention of the Senate.
From the reading of this order my friend from
Tennessee, and my friend from Georgia, will see
whether they are right or not in the statement that
this gentleman never demanded pay for more than
one office. Ilere is the oidar:
Dm'aktment of thk Interior, 7
Washington, December 26, 1850. j
Sir: You arc hereby directed to pay to Joseph C. G.
Kennedy, Esquire, for his services as Superintendent of
the Seventh Census,, and as Secretary of the Census Board,
a salary at the rate of $3,000 per annum, commencing on
the 1st of June, 1S50 ; and this shall be your authority for
the same. I am, sir, &c.,
ALEXANDER H. H. STUART,
Secretary.
It. II. Williamson, Disbursing *flgent,
Department of the Interior.
Now, I say this order was issued under some
mistake and misapprehension of the law. I need
; not argue that point, for it is quite out of the ques-
i tion for this gentleman to assign a less sum than the
! two salaries, if he authorizes anything to be paid
j to him as Secretary of the Census Board. If he
! authorizes anything to be paid on this ground, I
1 deny, utterly, his power to limit it to $500 unless
| by the voluntary consent of Mr. Kennedy. If
. there is a foundation broad enough iu the con-
j struction of this act to authorize the payment of
: $500, it is wide enough to cover $3,000; and if he
I is entitled to receive pay as Superintending Clerk
| of the Census, and also as Secretary of the Cen-
I sus Board, he is entitled by law, whether he claims
I it or not, to $5,500. The disbursing officer of the
I Interior Department proceeded to make the pay-
i ment according to this direction of the Secretary,
and he made the payment for some eighteen months,
as nearly as I recollect, allowing, in the first place,
a salary of §2,500 as Superintendent of the Cen-
sus, aud then §500 as Secretary of the Census
Board.
My friend from Georgia has read papers to
show that the Census Board was never dissolved.
