1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Mr. STOCKTON. I 'would desire that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire should
go on. 1 should prefer to close this discussion.
Mr. HALE. I was going to say, that, know-
ing something of the history of the legislation of
Congress upon this subject for some eight or
ten years past, and something of the modes by
•which the act abolishing flogging has been se-
cured, I had intended to address the Senate. I
am not prepared at this moment to go on'in full,
bul I would, by way of introduction to .the sub-
ject, remark, that I am not at all anxious in regard
to anything that we may do, so far as the sailor is
concerned. I feel the fullest confidence that that
battle has been fought, finally fought, and the vic-
tory has been won. I look upon it as morally
impossible for the country to retrace that step. I
know, sir, that when the prophet of Israel was
sent to the King to announce to him that he should
recover, the King asked of the prophet some sign,
and it was, whether the shadow should go forward
upon the dial ten degrees, or backwards ten de-
grees; and the King says it is a small thing for the
shadow to go forward ten degrees; nay, says he
but let it go back; that will be a miracle of which
ail the world will tSke notice. That is the at-
tempt now. It is to put off the advancing shadow
that the sun of humanity has cast upon the dark-
ness of this dial-plate back ten degrees, and more
than that.
Now, sir, able and eloquent as the honorable
Senator from Florida is, and speaking as he says
for the whole Navy, if I understood him, I tell
him that this cannot be done. My only anxiety
now is, for the character of the Senate; I am not at
all anxious about the sailor. If I may be indulged
in a figure of speech, I look upon all the efforts of
the cat-o'-mnetails to restore itself, only as the
floundering of a whale after he has been thorough-
ly harpooned. They are the mere struggles and
throes of death. I do not suppose,,I never have
supposed, that such a monstrous evil as that, and
one that was as old as that was—one that, as the
honorable Senator from Florida says, dates away
hack as far as we have any acquaintance with pro-
fane history, would submit at once. I did sup-
pose that efforts would be made, feebly to be sure,
—though I did not expect so serious an effort as
this—to revive, and revivify, and reestablish the
barbarous custom which received its death-blow
" by the late act of Congress. There never was
any great power that had a pitched battle with an-
other power and got vanquished and overthrown,
but that after the great battle little parties were
organized which kept up a guerrilla warfare. The
same is to be expected in every moral and every
political conflict. It has been so, and probably
will continue so.
But the honorable Senator has gone into some
details. He has alluded to some reports in answer
to inquiries which have been made by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which require examination
—which require some facts to be brought up to
meet them. I wish to tell the honorable Senator
at the outset, however, that the censure which he
throws on the origin of this measure does not fall
just exactly where he thought it would fall. I
am not mistaken in my recollection that one of
the efficient friends of this legislation, a man who
gave it verv potent aid and helped to imbody it
into the legislation of the country, in the general
appropriation bills year after year, in the House
of Representatives, was a late member of that
House-MJeneral McKay, of North Carolina.
We have the honor of claiming him as one of.
those individuals who came from a section of the
countiy where I do not suppose the honorable
Senator thought he was dealing hi? censures when
he spoke of "this matter. If I may be permitted
to refer to another individual, who is not now
living, but who is not obnoxious to the censures
which the honorable Senator attempted to cast on
the friends of this measure, T will mention an
honored colleague of yours, Mr. President, now
no move—the honorable Dixon fi. Lewis, who
did me the honor on one occasion, while he dealt
out in a kindly spirit his censure at what^ he
termed my vagaries and fanaticism, of saying,
"but upon this matter you are right, and have
my sympathies, and I will go with you.
Before I leave the subject, and then 1 shall
move to postpone it to a day certain, I wish to
tell the honorable Senator that there is one point
which he brought up to illustrate his view, which
I think he might as well have left out, because it
will come up again, and I wish to discuss it inde-
pendent of all other considerations. The honor-
able Senator thought that if he could, in' pushing
his favorite views, make at the same time an
attack on "the Abolitionists, there would be at least
that point gained. Therefore he said, by way of
illustrating his position, that m the country which
he represents, they look upon negro stealing as
the very meanest sort of crime which can be com-
mitted. I have the honor to tellMfeim that in the
country which I represent, my constituents look
upon.it in the same light. So far as that went, no
censure fell where he intended it should. I agree
with him fully and entirely as regards that.
Therefore if it illustrates his side of the argument,
it also illustrates mine, for we both look upon it
in the same light; we will have no controversy
about that. When he rose in his seat, and for
the purpose of illustrating his position, told me
that his people look upon negio stealing as the
meanest kind of crime, I tell him that I entertain
the same view, and that that has been the con-
viction of the people whom I represent ever since
they have read that command of Inspiration,
which says, " He that steaieth a man and selleth
him shall beputtodeath.rt 1 believe the text used to
read, "if he be found in his hands;" though 1 do
not know but that the Bible has been expurgated.
But I leave that subject. I am sorry that the
honorable Senator forced me thus far.
This matter is one that commends itself to the
humanity of the age. The honorable Senator from
Florida [Mr. Malloky] thinks that the Navy is j
disorgani7erl—that it is approaching a state of to- j
tal disorganization and disgrace, and that the hon-
orable men who used to enlist m it will not go into
it now. And why ' Because, owing to the legis-
lation of Congress, they are deprived of the luxury
of having their backs scourged with thecat-o'-nine-
tails! The honorable^ Senator stands up, with a
serious face, and tells ihe Senate and the country
that the Navy is getting into disrepute, that the
recruiting .service is languishing, and we cannot
get men to enlist, because, in die spirit of a " false
philanthropy," Congress, led away by some
mistaken notions that have been imposed upon
them by some^eeling philanthropists, who do not
understand what true economy is, have enacted,
in their wisdom, that the skins of their own sonsr
shall not be tortured, and mutilated, and cut to
pieces by a cat-o'-ninetails. And then an eloquent
appeal is made to the piide, the patriotism, and
the ambition of the country, to come up to rescue
this drowning Navy, which is at its last gasp for
want of the restoration of this humane institution.
I cannot believe—:yes, 1 canbelieve—that the hon-
orable Senator is in earnest; but if he had not said
a good many other things which astonished me, I
could hardly believe that he was in earnest in this.
As I said before, 1 do not believe that we are in
any danger of restoring this punishment. Not at
all. I do not believe there is the least danger that
the vote of the Senate will ever be recorded—I do
not think there is the least danger that the vote of
the other branch of Congress could ever be ob-
tained for restoring it. at least at the present time,
until we have had some demonstration that it is
impossible to maintain the Navy without it. I,
for one—and 1 speak only for myself—am free to
confess that if the issue was presented to me of a
navy with a cat-o'-ninetails, or no navy without it,
I would, with as much alacrity, and as much zeal j
and earnestness as ] ever expressed a conviction j
in my life, say, if the Navy cannot be maintained ,
without the cat-o'-ninetails', let them both go down j
together, and let no resurrection-trump ever call j
up the Navy if it has to bring the cat-o'-ninetails ,
with it. These are my sentiments. They may 1
be esteemed fanatical. I do not think thqftare.
I do not suppose that such are the sentiments of a
majority of the Senate.
1 think the honorable Senator is exceedingly,
mistaken when he says that the sentiments of the
officers of the Navy are so unanimous in favor of
(he restoration of this inhuman practice. I think
he is exceedingly mistaken in it. I know he is
mistaken when he undertakes to tell me that (he
sailors themselves want it restored. I know better
: than that. If I did not know it in any other way,
I I know that the sailor is a man, and that I am a
j man; and knowing these things, itwould be enough
! to demonstrate to me that the sailors do not want
] it But I have better proof than that; When
this proviso that was attached to the appropriation
bill of 1850 became a law, I happened to have had
some agency m bringing it about, and I,had some
reports from the sea as to how it was received.
One of the first things that one of the finest officers
who ever trod the deck of an American vessel
(who was then in command of a vessel in the
Mediterranean squadron) did, was to go dawn to
his cabin, wfiile in command, and writejto^as
humble an individual as myself, his hearty and
tamest thanks for the agency I had in doing away
with this infernal custom. That was not an:
When one of the best ships of your Navy, which
was on her way to this country, came near enough
the shore to get the news of what Congress had
done in their behalf, the men belonging" to her,
with the consent of their officers, called a public
meeting on board the ship, and passed resolutions
unanimously thanking the humble individual who
is now addressing the Senate for his agency in the
matter, and dispatched a man of their crew to
Washington as#soon as the ship came to shore to
deliver, with his own hand, the resolutions tome.
These are facts which I would not have mentioned^
had not the honorable Senator from Florida under-
taken to say 'hat, from his experience and knowl-
edge of the Navy, both officers and men were in
favor of the restoration of this punishment. Sir,
if you should go aboard a vessel with all the offi-
cers about you, and call up the men and take a
vote upon the question of the restoration of flog-
ging, 1.suppose that nine hundred and ninety out
of a thousand would be for restoring it. But send
the officers ashore—send them out of the way—do
not let them be there—introduce among the sailors
what the Democracy of Massachusetts introduced
into their election, the first result of which was
the election of my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Summer,,]—the secret ballot—and the ma-
jority will be the reverse. There will be nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine against restoring it, and the
thousandth man who is for it will not be found.
It is idle to tell me that the-seamen are in favor of
its restoration. But I find that I am trespassing
upon the time of the Senate, and as I am not pre-
pared to say at this time what I propose to say,
and as I desire to present to the Senate some facts,
I move that the further consideration of the subject
be postponed for a week.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Mon-
day next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 16, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
"Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler,'• Chaplain
of the Senate."
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSIGNABILITY OF BOUNTY LAND WAR- *•
RANTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was a motion to refer the report of thei select
committee on the bounty land bill, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of theXJnion; and
upon that motion, the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tuck] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, with a view to reference.
INTRODUCTION OF BII.T.S ON LEAVE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
gest to the House, that by unanimous consent
the States be called, so as to enable gentlemen to
introduce bills which will not give rise to discus-
sion. There are a great many gentlemen who
wish to introduce bills, and 1 do not think the call
of the States would occupy half an hour.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the States be called for the in-
troduction of bills of which previous notice has
been given, and upon which no discussion shall
arise?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will that
order include resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The proposition as submitted
