1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
able to the security and repose of its people. And
I see no reason why the people of the Virginia
military district should, by these extraordinary
extensions of time to the holders of Virginia mil-
itary land warrants?, be deprived of the wholesome
and beneficial influence of such laws. But I deny
the justice of the claims thatare nowoutstanding,
and propose to show that the warrants that are
now unsatisfied, have been improvidently issued.
To do this, a brief history of the origin of these
warrants will be necessary, for the informatian of
many g-entlemen here who cannot he supposed to
be familiar with the subject. During the revolu-
tionary war, the State of Virginia furnished to the
Continental army sixteen regiments of troops,
which were called the Virginia Line on Continental
Establishment.
She also raised three regiments for the more im-
mediate defense of the State, which were under
thecontiol of the State authorities, and were called
the "State Line."
Shealso furnished some twenty or t.wenty-five
small vessels-of-war, that were called the " State
Navy," which were estimated as being equal to
one regiment of land forces.
She also furnished several " Partisan corps,"
such as "troops of cavalry," "battalions and
legions of infantry," and artillery companies,
which were estimated to be equal in the aggregate
to two regiments, making twenty-two regiments.
At the earnest solicitations of the Continental
Congress and General Washington, she held out
the strongest inducement to her people to enter
the service, by offering large bounties in land to
such as would enlist and serve for three years, or
during the war.
The Legislature of the State of Virginia, by
various laws, running from the year 1778 to 1784,
provided the following bounties for her officers
and soldiers who had or should enlist, and serve
for the term of three years, or during the war:
To a Major General  15,000 acres.
To a Brigadier General  10,0110 "
To a Colonel  5,000 "
To a Lieutenant Colonel  4,500 "
To a Major  4.000 "
To a Captain  3,000 "
To a Subaltern....  2,000 "
To a non-commissioned officer.. 400 "
To a soldier or sailor  200 "
for those who served during the war.
For those who served during three years:
* To a non-commissioned officer... 200 acres.
To a soldier or sailor  100 "
As to commissioned officers, there seems to
have been no distinction made between those who
served three years, and those who served during
the war. The heirs of any officer or soldier who
died in the service, were entitled to the same
bounties their ancestor would have been if he had
served during the war.
Warrants were to be issued by the Governor
upon proof of service. In May, 1779, a tract of
country bounded by Green river, the Cumberland
mountain, the Carolina (now Tennessee) line,
the Tennessee river, and the Ohio river, was set
apart by the Legislature of Virginia to satisfy
these warrants.
In November, 1781, a further tract, included
within the Mississippi,Ohio, and Tennessee rivers
and the Carolina line, was granted for the same
purpose, which was said to he m lieu of a part of
the former tract, which had fallen to Carolina in
the extension of the Carolina line westward.
In 1774, Virginia ceded to the United States all
the land claimed by her, lying northwest of the
Ohio river, reserving the lands lying between the
Little Miami and Scioto rivers, to satisfy any
unsatisfied balance of land that might be due to
the soldiers of the Virginia line on Continental es-
tnblis!nnent, after exhausting the Kentucky reser-
vation. An examination of the phraseology of
this reservation, will show that neither the Legis-
lature of Virginia, nor the Congress by which the
deed was accepted, considered itat all probable that
there would be any deficiency in the Kentucky
reservation. And the only contingency, it will be
observed, which it was supposed could possibly
create adeficiencv, was, " should the NorthCaro-
lina hue bear m furtherupon the Cumberland lands
than was expected," and deficiency thus be che-
ated, it was to be satisfied from the Ohio reserva-
tion. There is something singular about this.
Three yems before an additional grant had been
made in Kentucky, for the reason that the North
Carolina line had then been extended, so as to in-
clude a part of the original grant. It is a little
remarkable, therefore, how there could then have
been any uncertainty about the Carolina line.
It is worthy of lemark, also, that the deed of
cession was executed alter the close of the war,
when the authorities of the State of Viiginia must
have been able to ascertain, with very consider-
able certainty, what amount of land would he
necessary to satisfy the legal claims of her officers
and soldiers. It seems, that very soon after the
execution of the deed of cession, and before the
deficiency of the Kentucky reservation was ascer-
tained, locations commenced on the Ohio side of
the river. But Congress, still satisfied that the
Kentucky lands were sufficient, passed a joint res-
olution in July, 1788, declaiing all locations be-
tween the Little Miami and Scioto nvers, in Ohio,
void, until the deficiency in the Kentucky reserva-
tion was ascertained and established. Soon after
this, the superintendent of the surveys reported to
the Executive of the State of Virginia, that the
deficiency of good lands on the southeast side of
the Ohio, contempla'ed by the deed of cession,
had been ascertained, and an act of Congress was
passed, August 10, 1790, legalizing the locations
that had been made, and prescribing the mode of
perfecting the title. This law also requntd the
Secretary of War to furnish the Governor of Vir-
ginia with a list containing the names of the offi-
cers and privates of the Virginia troops, and the
aggregate amount of acres to which they were
entitled. It is believed that this list was furnished;
but the original, from which it was taken, was
destroyed m 1801, when the War Office was
burned. A copy, however, was furnished by the
auditor of the State of Virginia to the Secretary of
War, and is still on file in the Pension Office.
In 1804, Congress acting, doubtless, upon the
supposition that very neatly all who were entitled
to warrants had had them issued and located,
passed an act, requiring all claims to be located
within three years, and prohibiting further loca-
tions after that time. In 1807, when this law was
about to bring these locations to a close, it was
represented that there were still a few chums not
satisfied; and as there was no provision of law au-
thoiizing their location elsewhere, these warrants
would be entirely worthless. An extension of two
years was then given.
These periodical extensions have been contin-
ued every two or three years from that time to the
present. And it is worthy of remark, that the
annual issue of warrants from 1810 to 1816 was
diminishing rapidly eveiy year, theamount issued
in 1810 being 119,456 acres, and in 1816, 773
acres.
The issues again commenced to increase, and
warrants were issued in large quantities until
1825, when they were again reduced to 200 acres
iio;amst 36,177 acres in 1822, and 60,980 acres m
1824. The explanation of this will probably be
found in the fact, that in 1816 nearly all the good
land, Ikeiisubject to location, had been located. But
by the treaty of Fort Meigs m 1818, the lands
north of the Greenville treaty line were ceded to the
United States, about 500,000 acres of which were
within the Virginia military reservation in Ohio,
which became subject to entry and survey after
July 4,1819. Between July, 1819, and 1825, these
lands were nearly all exhausted. And we find
but few warrants issued from 1825 to 1830. In
1830 an act of Congress passed, authorizing the
issue of 310,000 acres of scrip to satisfy wai rants
that were alleged to be still outstanding and un-
satisfied. In 1832 a further issue of 300,000 acres
was authorized. In 1833 a sull lurther aniountof
200,000 acres, and in 1834 one of 650,000. In
1829 the ipsue of land warrants had been reduced
to 1,589 acres for that year. During the issue of
this scrip, new warrants were issued as follows:
In 1830 112,700 acres.
In 1831 176,618 11
In 1832     239,337 "
In 1833 158,917 4
In 1834 425,994 "
In 1835 162,208 "
In the law of 1834, liberal as the appropriation
was, and sufficient—as they were assured it would
be—-to satisfy all claims, Congress seems, from
some experience of the recent miraculous inciease
of these" warrants, to have determined to avoid
further applications for the future by providing
that this grant should be in full of all outstanding
| claims. And to provide for the possibility of a
: deficiency, it required the holders of warrants to
, file them with the Commissioner of the General
| Land Office before the 1st of September, 1834;
I that no wairants should be satisfied before that
1 time; and that, if there was on file warrants cov-
: ermg more than 650,000 acres, that they should be
j satisfied rateably. When the time arrived, it ap-
\ peared that warrants for some 710,000 acres were
: filed, of which the appropriation of 650,000 acres
: of scrip satisfied about ninety per cent.
i From that time up to 1845, application was
| made at about every session of Congress for
: further issues of scrip m satisfaction of these war-
i rants. At the first session of the Twenty-sixth
j Congress the subject was referred to the Com-
! mittee on Revolutionary Claims. The whole
j subject was thoroughly investigated by that com-
! mittee, and two reports made; one by the honor-
j able Hiland Hall, of Vermont, for the majority,
and one by John Talliaferro for the minority.
! Both sides of the question are fairly presented by
' these reports, and an appendix to each presents a
; large amount of documentary evidence in support
i of the views which they respectively present,
i Mr. Hall reports againstany further issue of
t scrip, upon the distinct ground that all the just
; claims for bounty lands to the Virginia troops had
' been satisfied, and that the outstanding warrants
j had been improperly issued. The report of Mr.
Hall was sustained by the House, and the bill for
the further issue of scrip was defeated. These
reports will be found in volume two of Reports of
Committeesof the first session of the Twenty-sixth
i Congress, No. 436. The subject was again brought
; before the House at the second session of the
j Twenty-seventh Congress, and referred to a select
; committee, of which a distinguished gentleman
j from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] now a mem-
| her of this House, was chairman. Mr. Hall, of
Vermont, was a member of the committee, and
made a report which purports to be the report of
the entire committee, enlarging upon his former
repoit, and coming to the same conclusion. He
was again sustained by the House. This will be
found in volume five, Reports of Committees of
the second session of the Twenty-seventh Con-
gress, No. 1,063.
! Another effort was made to procure a law au*
1 thorizing the issue of additional scrip, at the first
; session of the Twenty-eighth Congress. It was
| now referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
' from whirh a very elaborate report was made by
; Mr. Hnbard, of Vng'mia, in favor of the passage
I of the law. The House, however, refused tosns-
i tain the report, and the bill was defeated. This
! report will be found in volume two of Reports of
i House Committees, first session, Twenty-eighth
Congress, No. 457.
In these reports, Mr. Hall labored to establish
the proposition, that the warrants which had then
| been issued and satisfied, covered a larger amount
i of land than the Virginia troops could by possi-
i bility have been entitled to.
! The difficulty was, to ascertain with precise ac-
curacy the number of the troops who were entitled
1 to bounty lands. The rolls of the revolutionary
army do not show the time of service, and hence
it was impossible to ascertain with precise accu-
' racy, what proportion of the Virginia Uoops were
: entitled to bounty lands by the Virginia laws,
i which required three years'service, or until the
1 end of the war. The heirs of those who died or
were killed in the service, were also entitled, when
: the enlistment was for three years.
The amount of pay was lesorted to by Mr.
Plall as furnishing an approximation. But this
would be defective, so far as the claims of those
who died or were killed in service were concerned.
For no matter how short the actual service, or
how small the amount of pay may have been, if
the enlistment was for three years, the heirs of the
soldier would be entitled to pay.
There is, however, a 4'pay roll" in the Pension
Office, which includes all the troops of the Vir-
ginia line, who received pay to any amount for
their services. This, it is presumed, includes the
! whole of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia
! troops who were mustered into the service during
i the war of the Revolution. This is the roll fur'
I nished to the Governor of the State of Virginia,
I under the act of Congress of August, 1/JO. ^ ^
I* Believing that this list might aid me in arriving
