;284
THE .CONGRESSI0N A L - GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
by the gentleman from Georgia would not include
- resolutions. *
Mr. STEPHENS. My object is simply to
allow gentlemen to introduce bills of which pre-
vious notice has been given, and upon which no
debate shall arise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
proppsition-of the gentleman from Georgia, but I
desire; to know from the Chair whether that order
will supersede the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. HOUSTON. As soon as I can. do so, I
desire to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and take up the Mexican
indemnity bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will not
be superseded, unless so ordered by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the morning
hour to be dispensed with, as I want to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the tjnion-
The SPEAKER. Is<here objection to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Georgia?
Mr. TUCK, if it is the inteiftion of the chair-
man of the Ways and Means—if the House unan-
• imously conse it to this arrangement—to propose
to take up other business to the exclusion of the
morning hour, I shall object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already an-
nounced "that this proposition will not supersede
the morning hour.
Mr. TUCK. Very well; then i make no ob-
jection.
No objection being made, the Speakerproceeded
to call the Stales.
Mr. COBS. I wish th£gentleman from Geor-
gia would extend his motion, so as to include res-
olutions upon which no debate might arise.
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannot do it.
On motion by Mr. CHASTAIN, it was
Ordered, That the memoual and papers of Mo-?es Per-
kins, asking complication lor daiiMge* sustained 111 the
removal ol the <'iUTOkce Nation, be withdrawn irotn the
fi)«s of the Moudtt and referred to the Committee of
Claim*.
Mr. PEASLEE introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious nonce had been given, for the settlement and
payment of the chums of the State of New Hamp-
shire for the services of her miiiua and fordis-
buisements for.milirnry purposes during the last
war with Great Britain; winch was read a first
and second time by its title, and refeired to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EOWLKlt introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, for regulating the
mileage of members of the Senate and l-Iouse of
Representatives of the United States; which was
read a first ami second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Mileage.
On motion by Air. RUTINS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal of the papers of Elizabeth
Kreider Tlrunot, from the files of th^ House
for the purpose of reference to one of the Execu-
tive Departments.
Mr. FAULKNER introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been given, to establish a
% board for the settlement of claims against the
United States-, which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. STANLY,
Ordoed, Thar ri e paper* of RhxabPtn II. Willis he with-
di awn from rh<> i'lf, of the House and reforred to the Com-
mittee 0; Claim-.
Mr. JACKSON". As I am not in the habit of
occupying much time here, 1 hope the House will
indulge me on this occasion, by permitting a bill
to be now referred which I introduced upon Wed-
nesday week last, and the reference of winch could
not be ordered m consequence of the pressure of
the time for the introduction of the Hungarian
exile. The bill to which I refer is a bill for the
improvement of the Savannah river, m the State
of Georgia, and for the removal of obstructions
therein; and my motion was that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, the bill was taken uo
and ordered to be so referred. 1 i
On motion by Mr. MURPHY, I
Ordered, That th#> papers jelatme to the claim of Andrew !
.Smith Ix' vvjthdiawn from the file- of the House and re '
k'nui to ih(* Committer on the TudiWap'
. Mr.. WHITE, of Alabama, introduced a bill,
of which previous notice had been given, to estab-
lish a certain post route'in the counties of Cham-
bers, Talapoosa, and Talladega, in the State of
Alabama; and a bill to establish a post route jn
the counties of Benton and Cherokee, fn the St^te
of Alabama; which were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COBB asked the unanimous consent of the
House to intt^dpae a resolution of inquiry, to be
referred to one of the committees or the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. COBB&sked that the resolution might be
Mr. STEPHENS objected.
Mr. FREEMAN introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been given, to reduce the price
of the public lands lying south of the old Choc-
taw line, in the State of Mississippi; and a bill
granting lands to the State of Mississippi for the
purpose of improving the navigation of the Pearl,
Big Black, and Yazoo rivers, in said State; which
were severally read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
, , , .  ;oki that the
pap'-r- relating to the claim of M P. IJobin^on iv> with
drawn tiom fm- of the House and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill, of which previous notice had been given, to
authorize the Commissioner of Public Lands to
order a resurvey of public lands in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. B. said that as the bill contained but a
solitary and simple provision, he asked that it be
put upon its passage now. ;
Mr. FOWLER objected.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, the bill was then
referred to the Committee on Public Lands*
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by their Secretary, Asbury Dickins, Esq., in-
forming the House of the passage by that body
of certain billi.]
Mr. PENN asked the unanimous consent of the
House to take up a Senate bill upon the Speaker's
table to change the register of a vessel.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, introduced a bill,
of which previous notice had been given, making
an appropriation for the removal of the raft in
Red river; which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. M. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCURRY. I h ope the Rouse will not re-
fer that bill to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. If debate arises, the bill
must be over.
The question was then taken on Mr. Moore's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. TAYLOR introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, to incorporate the
Eagle Steamboat Company; which was read a
first and second time by its title and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. BELL,leave was granted to
withdraw from the file's of the House the petition
and papers of William Flmn, for the purpose of
reference to one of the Executive Departments.
Mr. CARTTER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. CARTTER asked that his resolution might
be s£ad for information.
m. STEPHENS objected.
On motion by Mr. NEWTON,
Ordered. That leave he <rrant \l for the withdrawal from
the fi'ps of the Flou^e of the petition and paper*, in the case
of the hens of Thoiua* Johnson and Jamesllacklay.
On motion my Mr. HIBBARD,
Ou'ered, That the petition and pstpers of John Hazen be
withd'awn fiom the ti!^ of the House :md rufeired to the
Committee on fnvahd Pensions.
Mr. SMITH introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been £iven, supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to enable the State of Ala-
bama, the State of Arkansas, and other States, to
reclaim their swamp lands;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
'Mr. W ATKINS introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been-given, for the relief of
certain Tennessee volunteers; which was read a
first and second time by its title; and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WATK-INS introduced a bill, granting
lands to the State of Tennessee, to aid said State
m the construction of certain railroads therein;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition and
I papers of Elijah Story, for the purpose of refer-
ence to one of the Executive Departments.
Mr. MACE introduced a joint resolution, of
which previous notice had been given, proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, so as to provide for the election of Sena-
tors by the qualified voters of each Slate; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MiV.CE introduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, an act granting the
right of way and making a grant of lands to aid
m the construction of a railroad from the Wabash
to the Missouri river; and a bill granting to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, the right of
way for pnd a portion of the public lands, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Toledo, in the
State of Ohio, via Delhi and Lafayette, in the
State of Indiana, to Springfield, in Illinois; which
bills were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been given, authorizing cer-
tain soldiers in the war with*Great Britain to sur-
render the bounty lands drawn by them, and to
locate others in heu thereof; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BISSELL asked leave to present the pe-
tition of certain citizens of New Mexico, asking for
a repeal of the revenue laws of that Territory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it his duty
to state, that by the order of the House nothing is
in order except the introduction of bills and joinf
resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois,introduced ajoint
resolution, of which previous notice had been
jriven, authorizing the location of military bounty
land warrants on public lands now subiect
and hereafter to be subject to entry at private sale,
under existing laws; which was* read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. YATES introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, making an appro-
priation for the impiovement of the navigation of
the Illinois river; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. Y. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee 011 Roads and Canals.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved to refer
it the Committee on Commerce. •
The question being first put upon referring it to
the Committee 011 Roads and Canals, upon a
division, 65 rose in the affirmative.
j\ir. SEYMOLR demanded tellers; wTfich were
ordered, and Messrs. Seymour and Robinson-
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 41.
Mr. WALSH asked for the yeas and nays;
which ^rere ordered: and the question being put,
there were—yeas 113, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombip, Willi1? Allen, Ashe, Bar-
rere. Bell, Bibighaus, Bissell, Braug, Breckenridse, Bren-
ton. Biooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Biown. Bu-br
R. Carrhvjton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell. Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Ca-kie, Chandler,Chasfain, Cleveland
|i Cobb, Conner, Cullom. Curtis, Daniel, John ii. Da\i«'
II Dawson, Disney, Dockerv, Dunham, Eastman, Ed^erton'
Ewuiff, Faulkner, Fioklm, Freeman. Oavlord.Gontrv Gil'
morn. Goodenow, Gicen, Hall, Hammond, Harper Samn
foii W. Hum*, [fart, Ha>eaH, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard
; Hiiher, Hereford, Houston, John W. Howe, Hunter Jack'
; son, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson"
Ooonre W. Jones J. Glancv Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Lock-
j bnrf, Afaee, Edward C. Marshall, Mason, Meade Miller
i MilUon, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,'
