1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28#t
Morrison, Murphy? Orr, Samuel W. Parker. Phelps, Por-
ter, Price, Rantoul, Robinson, Sackett, Bavage, School-
craft, vikelton, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P Stt'vons, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone,
St. Martin, St ration, Stuait, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
George \V. Thompson, Tuck, Wallace, Ward, Watkms,
Welch, Addi-son White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wil-
liams, Woodwaid, and Yates—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, Andrews,
• John Appk'ton. William Appleton, Ave/ett, Babcoek,
BarUett, Bocoek, Brigcs, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Chapman, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Dean,
Don, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Fitch, Florence,
Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gjddtngs, Grow, Hamilton,
Isham G. Harris, Haws, Haven, Hebaid, Holladay, How
ard, Thomas Y. How, In*ersoll, Ives, Jenkins. Daniel T.
Jones, Pieston King, Kurtz, Mann, McMullin, McNair,
Muriay, Nubors, Newton, Outlaw, Andiew Parker, Pea—
lee, Pennwian, Perkins, Powell. Robbing Robie, Russell,
Schermerhorn, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Onaen
S. Seymour, Stanly, Sweetsei, Thurston, Townshend,
Walbiulge, WaMi, and Wells—70.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider that vote;
and inasmuch as 1 propose to debate it, I suppose
it goes over.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to lay that motion
upon the tal>le.
Mr. STCJART. You cannot do it. I propose
to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The motion gives rise to
debate, and consequently the bill goes over.
Mr. PORTER introduced the following1 bills, of i
which previous nottr.e had been given; which were !
read a firwt and second time by their title, and I
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, viz: '
A bill granting to the State of Missouri the j
furnish this House information as to what, if any, depreda-
tions have been committed by the Indians on the pioperty
of white settlers in the western portions ot the State of
Iowa, during the last two years, and paitieularly the lacts
connected with the recent captuie, by the Omahaw or
Pawnee Indians, of Mr. Oaipenter and his wife, on Buyer
river, in s>aid State.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
resolution cannot be introduced.
Mr. CLARK introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, for the survey and
construction of a military road in the State of
Iowa; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. C. Will it be in order to ask that a bill
and memorial, introduced by me yesterday, be
printed ?
The SPEAKER. Not without the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. CLARK. I move, then, that the bill and
memorial which I had the honor tc/introduce yes-
terdcty, for the benefit of the Territory of Minne-
sota and State of Iowa, and which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 object.
Mr. CLARK. I believe joint resolutions are
m order?
The SPEAKER. Yes; but only those of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. EASTMAN introduced the following bills,
of which previous notice had been given, which
were severally read a first and second time by their
right of way and a portion of the public land for !' titles, and referred to the Committee on i uohc
~ i LantjS) vlz;
A biil*granting the right of way and making a
the purpose of aiding in the construction of a raj
road from St. Charles, on the ]\
the northern limits of said Slate.
•ail-
j To
Also, a bill to relinquish to the State of Mis-
souri, on certain conditions, the two per centum
of the net proceeds of the sales of public lands in
said State since the first day of January, 1891,
and reserved by the act of Congress of the sixth
day of March, 1820.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, it was
Ordered. That leave be gianted to withdaw from the file*
of the I-Iou<e the discharge and note, together with the
peiiaon, of Stephen Spalding, heretofore referred to the
Comimttuij on Pension5!, for the puipose of being returned to i
the petitioner. '
On motion by Mr. CONGER, it was i
Ordered, That the petition of C. A. Tiowbudge and
you outers for tne construction of a canal around tii'J Falls
of St. the Mary'-*, ami for inipiovemcnt at Ontou.igon nvcr !
and Eagle Haibor, be withdsawu from thtj hie? ol the House, ;
and reteried to the Committee on Roads and Canal?. « !
Mr. CONGER introduced a joint resolution de- ■
claratory of the law of nations, m reference to the
doctrine of non-intervention, and the rightof every
nation to establish for itself such form of govern-
ment as the people thereof may think most suit-
able to their own condition, and best adapted to
promote and secure their own prosperity and hap-
piness; also declaratory of the view entertained
by theGo\ernmentand people of the United States
of the conduct of Russia, by the armed interven-
grant of land 111 aid of the construction of a rail
j road in the State of Wisconsin, from the northern
I line of the State of Illinois to Lake Superior;
j A bill granting certain lands in the State of
| Wisconsin in aid of the construction of a plank
i road from the Wisconsin ri\ er to the mouth of the
j Willow river, on Lake St. Croix; and
j A bill to grant a quantity of land in the State of
; Wisconsin, to aid m the improvement of Black
river.
On motion by Mr. EASTMAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
aecoinpanjingtliy petition "of William Butler from thelites
' of the llou«e, toi the purpose of having them leiened in the
' Senate to the appiopuate committee,
,1 Mr. DOTY introduced the following bills, of
!■ which previous notice had been given; which were
'! severally read a first and second time by their
i] titles, and referred as indicated below, viz:
A bill to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
L locate certain lands granted for the improvement
J,' of the Neenah and Wisconsin rivers; which was
j; referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
j! A bill to provide for the protection of commerce
!; on Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce; and
A bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Manitowac
tion of that Power m the kite contest between j ui the iMississippi river; which was referred to the
Austria and Hungary; which was read a first and I Committee 011 Pu dn. Lands.
", ' n" II fA message was here received from the Senate,
second time'by its title.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that it be
refeired to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JONESf of Tennessee. I ask if Lhere has
been any notice given of its introduction r
The SPEAKER. Notice has not been given.
Mr. .TONES. Then I object to its introduc-
tion.
[A message
by Asbury Dicrins, Esq., their Secretary, re-
turning a bill entitled " An act to admit a certain
vessel to registry," with an amendment, and ask-
ing the concurrence of the House therein.]
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been'given,giving fuuther reme-
dies to patentees; which he moved to refer to the
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and must i; Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. CARTTER moved that it he referred to the
go over. , I
Mr. CONGER. Then I propose to give notice j
of my intention hereafter to introduce the resolu- j
tion pist read.
Tiie SPEAKER. The notice will be entered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, introduced a bill, of ■
which previous notice had been given, to revive j
and continue 111 force, tor a limited time, the^ pro- 1
visions of the act relative to suspended entries of :
public lands; which was read afirst and second time 1
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub- !
lie Lands.
Committee 011 Patents.
The question was first taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and it
was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee on Patents, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to introduce a reso-
lution. „ ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be compelled
to rule it out of order, in accordance with the ex-
Mr. HENN.
T ask the unanimous consent of j; Press order of tne House.
the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry o,
the Secretary of War; and as a lady is interested
in the matter, I hope the callantry of this House
will allow it to come in. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to :
Mr. SIBLEY introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, to grant to the several
Stales of this Union the proceeds of certain pub-
lic lands, for the relief and support of the indigent
insane therein; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. LANE introduced a joint resolution, a|"
which previous notice had been given-, for the re-
lief of Elizabeth P. Thurston, of the Territory
of Oregon; which was read a first and second -
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on-
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN introduced a, bill, of
which previous notice had been given, authorizing*
the Governor of New Mexico to call an extra
session of the Legislative Assembly of said Ter-,
ritory, should the same lie deemed necessary and
expedient; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
RIGHT TO THE FLOOR.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The call of the States is
now completed, and I move the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the stateof
the Union. •
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon die proposition to refer to the Committee -
of the Whole on the state of the Union the report
of the select committee on the joint resolution ex-
planatory of the act granting bounty lands.to
certain officers and soldiers, and upon which,
question the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Tuck] has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is very true, but I
am entitled to the floor now; as the business of
the morning hour has not been taken up, and the
hour has expired.
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
cannot take the floor from the gentleman from
New Hampshire.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that be true, it sets aside
the rule which says that it is always in order to
suspend the rules to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. 1 am entitled
to the floor now because 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] rose before, to submit a
privileged motion. The Chair thinks, under the
circumslances, that he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TUCK. I submit that he c.nn.ot have the
floor for that purpose. I refer not only the Speak-
ter, but the gentleman himself, to the circumstances
under which this matter has intervened, and under
these circumstances lie has not, and ought not to
have the floor. 1 obtained the floor as soon as
we had got through the call for hills, and he has
no right to take it from me.
Mr. HOUSTON. More than the morning hour
has now expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
morning hour has just commenced.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I stated to the House,
when the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens J
made the" proposition to the House to call the
States for bills, that I desired, as soon as the
morning hour sho Id elapsed, to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union. That
ismyobjcct. The morning hour has been occupied
with other business, and that is the reason why I
make the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. These subjects,
in my opinion, stand exactly as they stood this
morning after the Journal was read; for every-
thing done since has been by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Precisely the same.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not controvert that at
all. I have 110 doubt about that, but 
The SPEAKER. The question is whether the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hi.t-stox] can de-
prive the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Tuck]—-who is certainly in order, and entitled to
the floor—of the floor. The Chair decides that he
cannot.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not appeal from the
decision of the chair; but that decision unques-
tionably prevents the chairman o'f the Committee
of Ways and Means from availing himself of that
rule.
The SPEAKER. Not at all. _
Several Voicks. k'Not at all!"' "Not at all!"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion V£il! f
lie m order, when he shall have obtained the floor
to make it, but he cannot deprive another gentle*
man of the floor when he is entitled to it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Unless the gentle-
