1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] if an in-
dividual who located a warrant for 1,000 acres
under a previous law, does not hold it beyond
the power of interference of this or any law here-
tofore passed ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HALL. It is, then, as I understand it,
that if an individual locates a 1,000 acre warrant,
he cannot by any possibility get 2,000 acres5
Mr. STANTON. It is the purchaser under
him—the man who is holding it, and who does
not know whether it was a 1,000 acre warrant
under which the location was made, or not.
Mr. TAYLOR. I admire the zeal of my col-
league in his desire to prevent litigation amongst
his constituents, by shutting up the land office of
my distiiet. It might be of great convenience,
but I presume that this House is not ready
to say that we shall shut up a land office where
there are nearly 100,000 acres of land not yet
surveyed, find where that land is only liable
to be entered and surveyed, under a system uf
legislation which has been in existence for sixty
years. I should be perfectly willing;, if the mem-
bers of tiie House generally understood the situ-
ation of that district, to sit down, and trust to the
good sense of the House to pass this bill. I am
sorry to hear my colleague intimating that the
surveyor general of the Virginia military dis-
trict, in Ohio, a public officer who has been fifteen
or twenty years in office, and whom I believe to
be every way a respectable and trustworthy gen-
tleman—who was appointed in General Jackson's
or Martin Van Buren's time—would be guilty of
peculating upon the public lands in his district.
We have no desire to do any injury to the gentle-
man's constituents. 1 wish to say that the only
object of this bill is to enter and survey the unap-
propriated lands, about 80,000 or 100,000 acres.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him for a moment? 1 am fearful
that my colleague is confounding this Virginia
military district and the manner of making sur-
veys with the surveys of the United States mili-
tary district.
Mr. TAYLOR. Not at all.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will my colleague permit
me to make a single remark ? Now, all these lands
in the Virginia military district are subject in entry
by the individuals who hold warrants. The en-
try and surveys were made by the interested party
at* their peiii. The Government of the United
States has no agency 
Mr. TAYLOR. I was about to explain that
myself.
Mr. SWEETSER. If this bill was confined to
the countiow in the south nnrt of the St?ite, where
th^re are nnsnrveyed lands, then. I would have no
objection to it: but m the northern counties of the
Vngmia mihtar <* disti ict, nil these lands have leer
taken u p and occupied for more rhon t w enty yeats.
There is not an so e of lond in the northei n ^un-
ties that is not now claimed to have been surveyed,
and in most cases now in the possession of actual
settlers. There are from eighty to one hundred
thousdnd acres in the southern counties of the
Virginia military district, which have never been
surveyed or entered. Confine your bid to that
district, and 1 have no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will sny to the gentleman
who last occupied the floor, that it is not the desu p
of any gentleman holding a military land warrant,
or the surveyor of the district, to "touch one acre
of land which is honestly appro-minted. £ut if
any of this land is dishonestly appropriated, I
trust the officers of the General Government, and
all other officers of the bnd Ouice, will rerrcr it one.
I trust that men having warrants will locate upon
these land?. Some of the citizens of my col-
]efl£ue\s district may have improperly held these
lands: but that is a question to he decided by the
courts of pist.v'e. I am willing; to trust the courts
to control' ♦ he titles tocmyland I hold in thatState,
the Virginia military district, or elsewhere. It is
impossible for both of inv colleagues to resist this
hill, and r^eh their o;>]ect, by shutting up this
land office. This bill simply proposes to extend
the time for the short space of two years. It has
been extended twenty years. I feel that I Lave
already occupied enough of the time of the House,
and I move the previous question.
Mi. STANTON, of Tennessee. I dca*re to
ask a question of the gentleman from Ohio. I un-
derstand that his colleague [Mr. Staxtok] wishes
that, by an amendment, Congress shall settle the
titles of those gentlemen who have entered more
land than they were entitled to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. TAYLOR. That is exactly it. But I do
not know how Congress is to settle the titles of
conflicting land claimants. Thecourts were estab-
lished to do that.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Neither do I
see how they can do it.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and having been engrossed, was
lead the thud time.
Mr. TAYLOR called for the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. G1DDINGS. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Is it not m order to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engro.'-sec1 ?
The SPEAKER, it is in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not want to speak on
this lull myself, but as my colleague [Mr. Stax-
tox] wishes to speak, 1 make the motion to re-
consider for the purpose of giving him a chance.
Mr. TAYLOR, i move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a
question of order. It is this: That the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Gjddings] cannot get the floor for
the purpose of giving it to any one else.
The SPEAKER. No other gentleman has been
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdraw the motion to
reconsid er.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was oidered to be engrossed arid
read a third time; and also, to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to move to
recommit the bill to a select committee of three, or
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, which-
ever my colleague prefers.
The SPEAKER. If the House fails to sustain
the previous 'juesuon, that motion will be in order.
Mr. 'STANTON. Is it not m order now?
The SPEAKER. I: is not.
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 hope the House will
not sustain the previous question.
The question was then put on the second; and,
on a division, there were—ayes 64, noes 35.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, demanded tell-
ers: which were ordered; and Messrs. Staxtox,
of Ohio, and Taylor, weie appomted.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 41. No quorum voting.
Mr. V&NABLE moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. CAMPEELL, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 ask for tell-
ers on the motion that there be a call of the House.
Timt will disclose whether there be a quorum
present.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stephexs
and Chaxpler were appointed.
The question was then put and decided in the
negative—ayes 38, noes 6-1.
8o a call of the House was refused.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection there
wiil be a recount on seconding the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For the purpose
of ascertaining whether there be a quorum pres-
ent, I move that the House do now adjourn; and
1 ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas lo, nays 127.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recui i ed upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
M r. McMULLIN . Is it in order to move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union 2
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I make that motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion till this bill can be disposed
of.
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to inquire of the Chair
what will become of the bill now under consider-
ation, if the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
prevails ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope that the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw the motion lon$
enough for me to make the motion to recommit
the bill, so that it may not go to the Speaker's
table. I would inquire of the Chan* if a motion to
recommit would not bring the bill before the
House to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to make the motion.
Mr. _ TAYLOR. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will at least withdraw his motion for that
purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. TAYLOR. I now ask that the question
may be taken upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. I did not understand the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw the motion
to go into committee for any other purpose than
to enable the gentleman from Ohio to move to re-
commit the bill. I renew the motion that the
rules be suspended that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
! tion of order. The bill has been engrossed and
read a third time, and the previous question has
been called upon its passage. Nov/, I submittlmt
the gentleman from Ohio can neither move to
amend nor to recommit the bill. No other mo-
tion can be made in reference to it. The bill must
either be passed or rejected as it is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct in his statement.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the rules be suspended and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and there were—ayes 60,
, noes 64.
i Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays;
j but they were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded tellers
j upon the motion to go into committee; which
' were ordered, and Messrs. Taylor and Staxtok,
| of Ohio, were appointed.
1 The question was then again taken, and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 58, noes 68.
So the House refused to go into committee.
The question was then again taken upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question upon
the passage of the bill; and the tellers lepoitcd—
ayes 96, noes 21.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is it now in order
to move to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I make that motion.
Mr. SWEETSER. Has not the nrewot.-*
question exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw the moLioii
to lay upon the table
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill, and earned in the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. TAYLOR,. I move to reconsider the vote
by winch the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resohe it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the special order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
a privileged motion. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is also a privileged question. The Ciiair tinnk 
that the first one made should be first put.
The question to reconsider the vote was then
taken, and the motion was agreed to
