THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4.
St'has been shown that Mr. Kennedy could have
meditated a fraud in the manner stated by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. I have endeavored to qualify
• that statement. ;
Mr. BELL. I know that the Senator disclaims
it, except that the intention was to get two salaries.
Now, one word as to the- alteration of the bill
reported by--the Judiciary Committee, which has
received the approval of the President. The latter
clause of that bill has been amended by striking
-but tfte words " has'been,"in£he concluding'line,
and by inserting the-words " may necessarily be,"
*so that it will read: " Out of which"—referring to
the sum specified in the same section—" the said
' Secretary of the Interior may allow to the person
'employed as Secretary of the Census Board, a
' compensation after the rate of $3,000 per annum
' during the period he may necessarily be in their
' employ."
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] is strongly impressed with the idea that an
attempt was made to impose some gross fraud on
the Committee on the Judiciary, or on Congress,
or on the public. He acquits the gentleman of all
attempts at fraud, if it should appear that he did
not design to get more than one salary; but that
Senator thinks that this gentleman would be enti-
tled to receive two salaries.
- Mr. BUTLER. Certainly he would under the
operation of the last act. It was a recognition-of
his right to get two salaries.
Mr. BELL. I will ask that Senator if he did
not, in his last remark, express his strong convic-
tion that there was no pretext, or ground, on which
to predicate the opinion that the Census Board
was in existence ? And let me appeal to the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to state wheth-
er, after hearing the discussion, he would'say that
the opinions of the Attorney General and the Sec-
retary of State weft correct in regard to its exist-
ence? The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] has remarked, with vehemence and clear-
ness, that there was not the slightest ground to
suppose that that act is in force, or that the Board
is not functus officio, as a Board having any legal
existence, or the right to pay a salary to a secre-
tary. The Senator from Massachusetts has re-
peatedly called on gentlemen to show one single
act that has been performed since the 1st of June,
1850. It is as clear to the mind of that gentle-
man, and of the Senator from South Carolina,
that there is no such Board, as the light of heav-
en. I speak thus strongly, because it is impossi-
ble to express the convictions of these gentlemen
too strongly.
In my remarks which I first addressed to the
Senate, I stated that, according to my convictions,
the first act appointing a Census Board was super-
seded by the second act. This sentiment has been
clearly entertained and expressed by two of the
most distinguished lawyers^ of this body—gentle-
men who are not only distinguished as lawyers,
but who are distinguished as statesmen—states-
men of long standing and experience, and of ripe
judgment; and that sentiment being generally ac-
quiesced in all round the Hall—the Senator from
Georgia not undertaking to state but that then-
opinion was right on this point—where is the
fraud that Mr. Kerinedy could have committed or
attempted to practice, by using the words sugf-
gested—namely, that " so long as he may neces-
sarily be in their employ" he shall receive a salary
of $3,000 per year? If he was not entitled to re-
ceive this amount according to their construction
of the two acts together, then that act, as soon as
it had passed, would have failed of its effect of
perpetrating a fraud, even if Mr. Kennedy had
intended it; because, according to their construc-
tion, he couldnot get a salary of §3,000, inasmuch
as he was not, according to their argument, "ne-
cessarily" employed one moment.
Now,suppasertshould turnouttobeafact, that
the Board did not consider themselves discharged
from all responsibility, that there were yet some
acts to be done, and that Mr. Kennedy was called
upon to record these acts, it would be "neces-
sary" that he should be employed for the purpose,
and he would receive a compensation at the rate
of $3,000 per annum and no more. If it was
done in a day, then his compensation would cease;
and if it was done in three, four, or five months,
his compensation would cease accordingly. So
that giving the fullest latitude and the fairest con-
struction to this whole amendment, and striking
out the words ''has been," and inserting the
words " may necessarily be," no fraud could
have been imposed on the Government or the offi-
cers of the Board, unless their duties did necessa-
rily require them fo'employ a secretary until the
1st of July, 1850; so that, take it any way you
please, if Mr. Kennedy meant to get two salaries
by such a proposition; it seems to me, by every
interpretation that you1 can -give these words, he
would be defeated by'the very terms he had em-
ployed; because he was not, according to their
statement, necessarily employed at all'—at least
not according to any suggestion Which T have
heard. He was only employed for the disburse-
ment of the remaining funds in the hands of the
Census Commissioners which they had not dis-
bursed.
Now, sir, I have not another word to say, ex-
cept that I have had no communication with Mr.
Kennedy upon this subject, nor did I suppose that
all the points which have been noticed here were
connected with that resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. As I am appealed to, to allow
the question to be taken, so that we may have an
Executive session, I shall make no reply to the
Senator. I will merely say that he has made an
ingenious speech, but it has not convinced me.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, JlugustA, 1852.
The House metat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
TheJournnl ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the further consideration of House bill No. 146,
to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerks
and marshals of the circuit and district courts of
the United States.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question of order.
On yesterday a resolution, authorizing the publi-
cation of certain maps to accompany the report of
Captain Cram, was laid upon the table. I then
moved to reconsider that vote, but subsequently
withdrew it. I now renew the motion to recon-
sider that vote, and move that the motion to re-
consider do lie upon the table. '
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Before that vote is
taken I move that there be a call of the House, and
upon that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 42, nays 86.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurring on laying the motion to
reconsider upon the table,
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The House was then counted, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 21, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question again recurring upon the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Cartter and Chandler
were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 52; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Recount!" " Recount!"]
Mr. CARTTER. called for the yeas and hays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
heen refused by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us have a recount.
The SPEAKER. In the absence of a motion to
adjourn, or of a motion for a call of the House,
the Chair will order a recount. "!fhe same gen-
tlemen will act as tellers, and gentlemen will see
the necessity of voting upon one side or the other.
The tellersfwesumed 'theirfplaees, and the ques-
tion being taken,-the tellers reported—ayes 70,
noes 59.
So the mbtion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
PEES OF CLERKS, MARSHALS, ETC.
Mr. OLDS. In pursuance of an understanding
with the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, [Mr. McLakahan,] I move to' postpone the
further consideration of the report, made yester-
day by the chairman of that committee, in relation
to the fees of clerks and marshals of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, until
after the Weeling Bridge case shall have received
consideration in the morning hour, and have been
disposed of.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that motion, in that form, is in order. It is in
order to postpone to a day certain; but whether
it be in order to postpone until after another mat-
ter of business is disposed of, the Chair doubts.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order of
business.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to postpone its consid-
eration until Wednesday next.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 hope not.
It is an important bill, and should be disposed of.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Is,the motion debata-
ble'
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. McLANAHAN. It is an important bill,
and ought to be passed without delay. I hope it
will not be postponed to so remote a day.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Bowie—
Mr. CARTTER called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. CARTTER called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and Fowler were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MEMORIAL OP THE CLERKS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested to
ask the consent of the House to introduce a me-
morial from the clerks of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
There being no objection, the Speaker presented
a memorial from the accountants, clerks, messen-
gers, &c., of the Treasury Department, praying
an increase of twenty per cent, upon their respect-
ive salaries, to enable them to meet the increased
expenses of living in Washington, growing out of
the great influx of California gold into the United
States.
Mr. GENTRY. I move that the petition be
laid upon the table, and be ordered to be printed.
I do not intend to press that motion to avote. My
object is to put the question in a shape that will
authorize me to say a word or two in favor of the
object which those petitioners pray for. My own
experience, being a housekeeper in the city of
Washington, enables me to state that the facts set
forth in that memorial are true. I presume there
is not a man in the city of Washington, who is
keeping house, -who will not bear testimony of
the truth Of the statement upon -which they predi-
cate their prayer for some increase of compensa-
tion. The price of alt the articles necessary to
support a family, bought in the market, has ad-
vanced twenty per cent, or more within the last
two years; and I do not see how a clerk, with a
family, receiving $1,000 a year, can live here at
all. If they received a fair compensation of $1,200
or $1,500 a year, an increase of twenty per cent,
would certainly "be just and proper enough. I sim-
ply make these remarks, hoping that the thoughts
■of members will be directed to the subject, and that
my honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] and
my honorable colleague, [Mr. Jowes,] a member
of that committee, will give their attention to this
proposition for the relief of those meritorious men.
I now withdraw my motion to print.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move the reference of thepe-
tition to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The question was put and the motion agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to'propound an inquiry
to the Chair. Some days ago the Wheeling Bridge
case was under consideration as the report of a
committee. It was at that time postponed until
this day.
