888-
THE.; CONGRESSIONAL: GL€Mp.
Jan. 15.
others Cor greater qusmtttieB of land, #r of new warrants for
Sta.iil,, wlieie tl.o e i«U"d Lawmen located or dw-
oorfd at. It would also introduce new .classes of caste,
where troop-, had been called out to prevent or suppress
Indian hostilities,.as >n the Cherokee and Winnebago dis-
turbonbefe, &e , which have not been regarded as wars, and
for services in which bounty land has not been allowed. *
•/There are, however, „some meritorious classes of cases,
which are not provided for by tins bill, as the flotilla men
under Commodore Barney, in the war of 1812, who ren-
dered efficient and valuable service in the defence of tUe
coa^t, and on land whenever required. Marines, also, on
several occasion served on land. The militia and volun-
teers in several of the States were required to drill, and to
b4 subject to call at any moment. These men were al-
lowed only tor the time they were actually in the field, as
that was the period for which thev were paid by the Gov-
ernment. Others were in actual battle, but not having
served a" month are not entitled.
I would also suage^t, that preemptors be authorized to
locate the land actually improved by them, with the<e war-
rants. even where it is not subject to private entry, and that
wlyjre the minimum price more than $1 25 per acre,
that the party locating shall pay the increase in cadi.
The early settlers on the public lands are entitled to the
fostering care and consideration of the Government. It
was through the suffering*, privations, and toil, of thos-e
hardy pioneers, that the fruitful lands of the West have
been opened up to the enterpine and mdu^trv of the teem-
ing millions who now peoj^Ju tnem,. And it i^ but a Miiall
privilege that they shall be permitted to entei their im-
provements with the^e warrant-.
Whethfr it would be expedient m this bill to exclude the
lands in California and Oregon ftotn location by land war-
rants is respectfully submitted Those land* are not now
subject to private entry, but when they are made so by law,
the locations of these warrants might seriously interfere
with claims and inchoate right*, aitsing or which have arisen
under existing laws, and thus long and harassing litigation
be induced.
Very tespectfuUy, your obedient servant,
1 y J. E HEATH,
Commissioner of Pensions.
Hon. Amos Tuck, House oj Reps.
I commend to the gentleman and to the whole
House, a careful examination of the foregoing
letter. 1 coulil hope, that the Commissioner,aided,
1 doubt mil, by the ultimate knowledge of thin
subject and of the operations of all laws affe-ting
the public lands, possessed by his excellent, chief
clerk, Mr. Wilson, might have some influence in
inducing even the gentleman from Indiana to aban-
don his bill. But 1 fear he will still urge it. Al-
though it is obnoxious to criticism in every part,
and is besides of an entirely sectional character, he
knows, and 1 know, it. alfects the interests of those
who will fight earnestly for it. It is their habit.
I can already foresee the /.e.iloun support which it
will call forth from the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] and others. I only wish that we
could have the benefit of the denunciation which
he would pour out upon this measure, if he were
differently situated and could be affected by the
bill, and see its enormity, as we do, who live in
other parts of the country.
I will now proceed to a few remarks upon the
6th section of the bill, which is in the following
words:
"Sfo. 6. Jind he it fmtha enactiuU That the warrant*
which have Ix-en, 01 may h< ic.ifiei bo issued, in puiMi.mcc
of said aer or of this act, may In* located upon any lands of
the Tinted States .subject topnvatc rntiy at the time of
such location."
My objections to this section 1 stared some
weeks since, and will not now repeat at much
length. 1 believe it to be wise policy to preserve
the lands that are now being put into market in
Minnesota, and .which are anon to be put in mar-
ket there and in Oregon, California, and elsewhere,
exempt from control by these warrants. The
reason is tins: the infant settlements, and men on
the frontier just beginning improvements, are in-
capable of bearing up against the incubus resulting
from these warrants, ft is well known that most
of them find their way very soon into the hands
of speculators, who take up the choice lots in the
neighborhood of improvements, and by means of
thes'e warrants, here in the villages, and refuse to
improve or to sell then* land, except at exorbitant
prices, which the actual inhabitants are unable to
give.^ The holders of the warrants stay in their
comfortable palaces of the Atlantic cities, and wait
for their land to be enhanced in value by the labors
of the hardy and humble pioneer. Tigteevil is an
almost intolerable annoyance in the new settle-
ments of the West, and we shall aggravate by
passing the sixth section of this bill. The States
of the West, wherein there is abundance of land
to satisfy the warrants already subject to them,
have an ability to defend themselves, having
passed the period of their infant existence. But
such is not the f,ase with Minnesota, western Lowa,
Oregon, and California.
It should be remarked, that it would be partic-
ularly bad policy to pass the sixth section, so as
to open Oregon and California to these warrants,
as soon as land is offered for sale there. Where
the arable land is confined to valleys and gorges,
the location of a few land warrants-will prevent
the settlement of large tracts. New mines may
be discovered, and other inducements not now an-
ticipated-spring up to induce speculators to cover
over the better parts of these new countries. It
seems to me there can be no doubt of the wisdom
of the policy of refusing any new privileges to the
holders of these warrants.
In speaking of Oregon, I "am reminded that the
claimants in that Territory, for bounty land under
this -bill, should it pass, (and there will be many
claimants there,) will have more land than they
know what to do with, having already secured to
them from three hundred and twenty to six hun-
dred and forty acres each. The seventh section
of the bill in the following woids, is of trifling im-
portance, but is a mistake, as is stated in the let-
ter of the Commissioner of Pensions.
I only call the chairman's attention to the fact,
to show him how much his bill requires to go to
the committee for amendments, and how little he
is prepared to urge, as he intends to do, its pas-
sage at once.
1 was disposed to vote that the bill go to the
committee; but being requested by many to move
at a proper time that it lie on the table, and be-
lieving that the House will not hesitate to give a
summary quietus, 1 shall probably make that
motion, unless some other person does so before
me. But at present I wish it to be discussed.
Mr. FITCH next obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. Will my colleague yield me
the floor for a moment? I meiely wish to offer
an amendment to one of the sections of the bill.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield the floor for that
purpo^, and for that only.
Mr. DUNHAM. i hope my colleague will al-
low me also to explain the.motives which operate
upon nie in olfering that amendment. It is but
just to myself that 1 should do so.
Mr. FiTCU. I suppose I must yield the floor
to my colleague.
Mr. DUNHAM then moved to amend the first
section of the bill by striking ou t all after the
woid ♦'assignable" therein, and inserting the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
Under such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed
by the Secular) ot the Interior.
Mr. D. said: I hope i may be indulged in ma-
king a very few remarks in connection with thai
amendment, for it will perhaps seem singular that
it should come from me at this tune; but I assure
the House that before I get through it will not
strike them with so much astonishment that such
an amendment should come from me, as will some
of the remarks that have been made by gentle-
men who were associated with me upon that com-
mittee. 1 think that it will not be out of place
for me to say here, that at the time that first sec-
tion was passed upon 111 the committee, I did re-
serve to mysseif the right to submit the amend-
ment which I have just sent to the table, stating
that I was opposed to the section as the commit-
tee proposed to report it. I will not state what
took place in the committee, except hypotheti-
caliv. But we will suppose there was a commit-
tee raised upon an important subject of this char-
acter, and that the chairman of that committee
offered a section which would have been as that
section will be, if my amendment is adopted—
urging in its favor the very reasons which fell
from the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell]
on yesterday, and from the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] to-day—every one of
them, with all the ability which he possessed; and
suppose that, after he had urged those reasons,
every member of the committee had voted against
him; and then, when the bill was reported to the
House, those same gentlemen had come in here
and opposed the bill "on account of that provision
which was inserted in opposition to the chairman
of the committee, and by their own votes ! I
submit this matter to the House, and I ask if it-
does not show that there were motives operating
there, and that an effort mav have been made to
defeat the bill. T wdl not say that such an effort
was made; but it does seem to me, that if I had
been disposed to defeat the bill, I might have en-
deavored, by my vote in committee, to get a pro-
vision put in the bill which I believed was odious
to a portion of this'House; and then, when the
bill came into the House, have made war upon it
on that veryfpoint. ' I do not say that the gentle-
men have pursued such a course as that; but I can
imagine tliftt I might have done it if I- had been
disposed to defeat the bill.
Mr. TUCK. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for a moment ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly.
Mr. FITCH. I must object to my colleague
giving away my time.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 want to add but a single
word.
Mr. TUCK. Will not the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Fitch,] who is entitled to the floor,
yield it to me for a moment ?
Mr. FITCII. 1 must decline to do it, or all my
time will be consumed.
Mr. DUNHAM. The only additional remark
that I wish to make is this: That it does seem to
me that the course pursued here by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] indicates that he
| wants to fasten a rider upon this bill; that he is
not disposed to let it go through by itself; that if
I it cannot be made to carry his rider through, the
I bill itself is to be defeated here, and that rider is a ,
j provision for the back remuneration of registeis
and receivers. _
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman^) yield
me the floor for one moment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have no right to yield it
without the consentof my colleague,[Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. BISSELL. Well; I ask the gentleman if
I did not state in the committee that I should op-
pose this bill in the House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is not in order, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fitch] having refused to yield the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. I understand the gentleman's
question to be, whether he did not, when in com-
mittee, avow his purpose to oppose this bill. Well,
as he has thus referred to what took place in the
committed, it may not be improper for me to reply
to him. I answer, that lie did; and I cannot make
that answer without going a step further and add-
ing—for the reason that, unless the bill could be
made the horse on which this favorite rider of his
was to go through the House, the horse itself
might go down.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman now allow
me to make a remark ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I have only this further re-
mark to make upon the subject of the registers
and receivers 
Mr. BISSELL* After what the gentleman has
said, he will surely have justice enough to permit
me to make a remark.
Mr. DUNHAM. I cannot do it; I only hold
the floor by the courtesy of my colleague.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I appeal to the gentle-
man's colleague to allow me to say a word.
Mr. FITCH. I have already refused any ex-
tension of the leave to my colleague, to the gen-
tleman on the other side of the House, [Mr.
Tuck,] and I cannot certainly make a distinction
between him and another gentleman. I therefore
feel constrained to refuse the gentleman from Illi-
nois any portion of my time.
Mr. BISSELL. I "think it very fortunate for
his colleague, that the gentleman wiH not yield the
floor. That is all I have to say about it. [A
laugh.] 4
Mr. DUNHAM. All I wish to add is, that
the amendment which I have sent to the Chair,
imbodies my sentiments. It is not necessary that
I should go over the arguments in favor of that
amendment, because they were very forcibly put
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissel#} on
yesterday. I think he borrowed them, but I will
not say that he did. I know one thing—that
those very arguments—as the gentleman will him-
self admit—had been urged by another individual
on a previous occasion, and that other individual
was myself, although I do not mean to say that I
could have presented them with so much force and
ability asthegentleman did yesterday. I only hope
' that the House gave them due consideration. I be-
lieve this matter should be left to the Secretary of
I the Interior, because I believe that that section of
! the law, as it now stands, would be almost im-
i practicable, and because I also believe that if left
| under the control of the Department, the Secretary
I of the Interior wold be able; when frauds were
