THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. HIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congr-ess, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 5, 1852.
New Series....No. 130.
Mr. CARTTER. I cal! the gentleman to order.
Mr. CLARK. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to ask whether that case could not now as-
sume the same position it occupied on that day?
The SPEAKER. Under the special order
making it the duty of the Speaker and the House
to receive reports, and to execute all the other
business of the morning hour, the Wheeling
Bridge case was reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and would be
regularly first in order, but for the additional order
made on Monday, by a vote of two thirds of this
body, that the particular bill now under consider-
ation be reported and take precedence. The two
special orders are here in conflict. The Chair
thinks that the last order ought to be considered
the first. He does not know of any other rule to
govern him. The bill reported on yesterday from
the Committee on the Judiciary is first in order,
and takes precedence of the Wheeling Bridge
case.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I call then for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr! STUART. I wish to make an inquiry in
reference to this point of order. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that because the House sus-
pended the rules to allow this committee to make
a report, it made that report a special order?
There was nothing m the resolution which made
it a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
House, by a two-thirds vote, ordered that that bill
should be reported yesterday morning. The
Chair decides further, that the authority to report
carries with it the right to consider, and therefore
gives the report precedence over the other busi-
ness before the House.
Mr. STUART. 1 wish to make this point:
The Speaker decided upon the railroad reports,
that although they came from the same commit-
tee, the report first made was first in order, and
that notwithstanding it was postponed to a par-
ticular day, when that day arrived it took priority
according to the time of the report.
The SPEAKER. That has been the decision
and practice under it.
Mr. STUART. I submit that this case, as it
now stands, falls entirely within that principle.
The House did not make a special order by au-
thorising this committee to report within the morn-
ing hour, and the bill comes in as if they had re-
ported in the regular order of their call. When
we reach a case which has been previously re-
ported in the regular order, it takes priority in
time. This is not a special order.
The SPEAKER. Well, what is it ?
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will allow me, it
is precisely as if the Judiciary Committee had re-
ported this bill upon a regular call of the commit-
tee, and the House had gone on to consider it, and
while considering it, a bill, which had been previ-
ously reported to the House 
Mr. McLANAHAN. I call the gentleman
from Michigan to order.
The SPEAKER. Unless an appeal be taken
from the decision of the Chair, further discussion
is out of order.
The Chair will again state the case, and remind
the House of the condition of things. Some months
a"0 the House passed a special order that the
morning hour should be devoted to the call of
committees for reports, and to thatalone. On last
Monday, after a suspension of the rules by a two-
thirds vote, it was ordered by the House that the
Committee on the J udiciary should report this
particular bill. The order having been given thus
to report it, the Chair thinks it carries with it the
right to consider; and that you cannot separate
the right to report and the right to consider when
it is reported. There is difficulty about the matter,
the Chair admits, but that is his opinion with re-
gard to the point of order.
Mr. STUART. From that decision I feel bound
to take an appeal. I wish to state, in a few words,
the views I take of this question.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
130
Mr. STUART. You can do that when I get
through. If you happen to obtain the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan must be reminded of the fact, that this being
a question of priority of business it is not debata-
ble; nor is the appeal taken from the decision of
the Chair debatable.
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order to make an in-
quiry, as a matter of fact, of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to hear the gentleman.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask whether this
Committee on the Judiciary wereordered to make
the report, or whether they were merely permitted
to make it?
The SPEAKER. The committee were not
ordered to make the report in terms, but it was
especially authorized by a two-thirds vote of the
House to report. Thus was precedence given over
other committees to repott; and if the right to
report carries with it the right to have the report
considered—as it is the opinion of the Chair it
does—precedence was given over the repoi ts under
consideration at the time the rules were suspended.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any question before the House?
The SPEAKER. An appeal has been taken
! from the decision of the Chair.
I Mr. CARTTER. I then call for the question
I upon the appeal. I believe it is not debatable.
; Mr. STUART. I have a right to state the point
, I make.
: Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman has been
I stating it for half an hour.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman would have
! the right if he had not already done so, and he has
; based his appeal upon it.
; Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
j tion of order. The gentleman says that he has
the right, after he takes an appeal, to state his
point. I maintain he must state his point before
he takes his appeal.
\ The SPEAKER. He did so, and obtained the
decision of the Chair upon his statement.
! Mr. STUART. I have the right to have the
Chair state, before the House votes upon this
| question, what is the ground of the appeal.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated it, but
he will repeat his statement with pleasure.
Mr. STUART. With all deference to the
Chair, [ think he has not apprehended me. I wish
the Chair to state the precise point I made. I
believe I have that right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
gentleman cannot, if it be objected to, make a state-
ment. The gentleman is aware of the fact that
the appeal is not debatable.
Mr. STUART. I ask that the Chair shall state
the ground upon which I have taken an appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
113th rule may be read.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to make a single
inquiry of the Chair. Suppose the House had
suspended the rules upon the application of half a
i dozen committees, to allow them to make reports,
which report would be first considered ?
The SPEAKER. The one first made.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then why does the Chair
reverse that decision m this case ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
force of that point.
The Chair again states that the House made a
peculiar special order some two months ago to the
effect that the morning hour should be employed
in calling committees for reports and to the exclu-
sion of all other business. That was one special
order. On last Monday a motion was made to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing a
resolution, which was done by a vote of two thirds.
The resolution was then adopted, authorizing the
Committee on the Judiciary to report this particu-
lar bill yesterday morning. The resolution was
specific, that the committee should report on yes-
terday morning. The Chair has decided simply
that between these two special orders he is inclined
to the opinion that the right to report this particu-
lar bill from the Judiciary Committee carries with
it the right to consider it before other reports from
other committees. That is all.
Mr. S TUART. That is not the point I made
to the Chair at all.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has been
unfortunate in stating, or I have been unfortunate
m understanding his point.
Mr. STUART. The point I made to the Chair
is this: The leport from the Judiciary Committee
i is not a special order, and the House only gave
| leave to that committee to report at a particular
J tune.
; The question was then put on the motion to lay
the appeal upon the table, and upon a division
there were—ayes 83, noes 44.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and Chandler
were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported that there were-—ayes 84, noes 36.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKEP^. The pending question is the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McLajjahan] to recommit House bill No. 146,
regulating the fees and costs to be allowed to the
clerks and marshals of the circuit and district
courts of the United States.
Mr. McLANAHAN. If it is the pleasure of
the House, I move that the further reading of the
bill be dispensed with.
Mr. BOWIE. I object. I wish to move an
amendment to the bill.
The reading of the bill was then continued and
concluded.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. This bill
having been read, it is apparent to the House that
it is full of details. I ask the Speaker, whether
it is in order to make a motion to commit it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanahan] is upon the floor. It
would be in order but for the fact that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair whetherthe
morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. What then will be the con-
dition of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to recommit.
[Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined, and found truly enrolled, the act
making appropriation for the support of the Mil-
' itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1853, and for other purposes, and the joint
resolution of the House, No. 24, providing forthe
distribution of the laws of Congress and the de-
bates thereon. They were then severally signed
by the Speaker.]
The question was then taken upon the motion
; of Mr. Houston; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 196, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year endingthe 30tli of June,
1853, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on yesterday the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Meade,] both in regard to the publication of the
laws and public advertisements in the newspapers,
was under consideration. It had been discussed,
and the vote was about to betaken upon it when the
committee rose. The question is, then, upon the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Smart.]
