1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
Mr. STANTON. I propose to increase the ex-
penditure §20, and. therefore my remarks are in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the gentleman's remarks are not in order
upon his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I say that the expenditure
of the next Administration will be greater, and
must be greater 
Mr. HOUSTON. I again call the gentleman
to order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the gentleman from Tennessee is not in
order.
Mr. ST ANTON. Why, I propose to increase
the expenditure $20, and I am discussing the ques-
tion of evpenditure.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It certainly
is in order. The gentleman wishes to increase the
expenditure of the Government, and then charges
it to the Administration. Certainly that is in or-
der. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. So great is the demand for
money for the exercise of the powers of this Grov-
ernment that during the next Administration the
expenditure will and must be increased.
Mr. HOUSTON. I again call the gentleman
to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit to the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a little extraordina-
ry 
Mr. STANTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in order. I am speak-
ing against the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ala-
bama rises to oppose the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, and to be in order his
remarks must be confined to that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say that it is a little
extraordinary that the gentleman from Tennessee
should attempt to introduce into debate here,
which we are ail endeavoring to confine to the
legitimate subject-matter before the Chair, that
which is irrelevant.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I call the
gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again states
that the gentleman from Alabama must confine
his remarks in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the Chair will enforce
the rule upon everymember. Thegentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] said that I held up a
little book yesterday. I presume it is a book he
has never read. It contains the estimates laid be-
fore Congress nt the commencement of this session,
and I presume the gentleman is not acquainted
with it. It contains estimates for all appropria-
tions that were submitted to the committee of
which I am a member, and upon this particular
point we have reported all that was asked for. 1 do
not know what estimates the gentleman may have in
his pockets. I am not required to go to him for
estimates. The estimates are sent to us ftom the
proper departments of the Government, and we
act upon them. That is what we have done now.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Did you re-
port all the estimates recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the public grounds and
public buildings?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman front Ken-
tucky asks if we reported all the estimates sent to
us. Clearly we did not. We cut down the esti-
mates from all the departments and bureaus in
many instances, but in this case we gave what was
asked from us.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to call the attention
of the honorable chairman to this point, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky con-
tinues those persons in office—not annually—but
until the Capitol is completed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; that is another point.
The amendment, as I understand it, fastens A
and B—the men now in office-—upon the Govern-
ment until this Capitol is finished.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. But then I ask the chairman
and the committee this question—for while there
may be nothing particular involved so far as the
amendment is concerned, in regard to the amount
of money, there is a principle involved in it: we are i
called upon to acknowledge and indorse an appoint-
ment made by the architect, as I contend, with-
out the authority of law. Now, if there had been
any law for it, I reckon the gentleman would have
shown it. He takes the ground, that the Pres-
ident is invested with authority to conduct these
buildings, and with power to appoint an architect,
and that he had power to appoint everybody else
who might be necessary. Why, that is certainly
a singular doctrine. Has the President the power
to appoint forty policemen ? Why, if he has the
power to appoint one without law, he has the
power to appoint one hundred without the author-
ity of law; and it is only the enormity of his con-
duct, according to the gentleman from Kentucky,
that would strike the sense of the country or Con-
gress, and not the principle involved. Now, I
have never seen the law by which this police was
appointed, and I do not believe any law exists for
that purpose. I have no doubt the gentleman from
Kentucky is candid and sincere m the construc-
tion he gives to the law, but f differ with him en-
tirely. 1 contend that the President, under the
law to which the gentleman has made reference,
has no authority, nor has the architect of the
building authority, to appoint policemen ad lib-
itum, or other officers, without discretion and with-
out the control of law, and put them upon the
country, and Congress is to be called upon to in-
dorse them without investigation.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I withdraw
my amendment.
The amendment was accoidingly withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 propose to
amend my amendment, so as to increase the sala-
ries of these policemen $10.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot pro-
pose to amend his own amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule that
the gentleman has no right to propose to amend
his own proposition. He may modify or change
it before the vote is taken, but he cannot be per-
mitted to propose an amendment to his own amend-
ment for the purpose of discussion.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. That is not
my proposition. It is a proposition from the
Committee on Public Buildings, and I, in my rep-
resentative character, propose to amend their or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now offer the following
amendment, which will, in all probability, relieve
all objection that gentlemen may have taken on
the score of money. It is as follows:
That the two watchmen employed upon The two wings
of the Capitol ?-hall have the same police powers as aie im-
posed by law upon the regular police ot the Capitol.
Mr. FICKLIN. I submit, sir, that that amend-
ment is not in order. It is conferring police pow-
ers upon A and B, by name, and has no connec-
tion with this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. If the attention of the
Chair had been called to the matter at the time, he
would have been constrained to rule that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] in the first instance was not m order,
as not germane to the proposition upon which he
proposed to base it as an amendment. As the at-
tention of the Chair is now called to it, he is com-
pelled to rule this amendment out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the instructions of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I offer the
following amendments:
After the word '• fifty," m line 10.1, sttike out the wold's
" eight thousand nine," and msertin hen theieof the words
" nine thousand one;" and after the word '' dollars," m the
10-lth line, insert the following •
The salary of one of the clerk* created by the act of the
20th of April, 1818, and who is now acting a? assistant chief
cierk in said office, being hereby increased to §1,600 per
auuum.
The clause will then read:
" For compensation of the Third Auditor, and the clerks,
moss-en^er*, and assistant messengers in hi< office, $59,LV);
the salary of one of the clerks created by the act of the 20th
of Apnl, 1818, and who is now actum as assistant chief
cleik in said office, being hereby mcieased to $1,600."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The clause proposed to be amended is as fol-
lows:
" For compensation to temporary clerks employed in the
office of the Thud Auditor, in making out certificates of
service ftom the mustei-rolls of 1812, andthpsevwal Indian
wars, .<£35,0U0 : Provider1, That no clerk shall receive more
than at the rate of $1,000 per annum under tin's act, except
one, whose salary shall be $] ,600."
The amendment is, to add to the above clause
the following:
And four others, whose pay shall be $4 per diem.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I would in-
quire whether those officers are provided for by
law?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This amendment
is to give them exactly what they are entitled to
under the law in pursuance of which they were
appointed.
Mr. STANTON. Do you not propose to give
them additional compensation ?
Mr. JONES. This amendment is to make
their pay conform to what was provided by the
law under which they were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was agreed Jto.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After the word " thousand " in the 124th line,
strikeout the word "two," and insert in lieu
thereof " four," and add to the clause the follow-
ing:
The salary of one of the clerks created by the act of the
20th of April, 1818, being licteby increased to $1,000 per
annum.
The clause will theji read:
" For compensation of the Register of the Treasury, and
the clej ks messenger, and assistant messenger m his office,
i*y0.10Q, the salatv of one of the clerks created bv the act
of the *30th of Apnl, 1818, being heieby increased to $1,000
por annum."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment, to
come in after the 166th line among the appropri-
ations for the office of the Third Auditor:
For expenses of ai utnging the document room?, and pre-
serving file" ami papers, $1,000.
The amendment was adopted.
The following clause having been read—
" For compensation to temporaiy clerks employed in the
office of the Commissioner of Pensions, $100,000 : Pro-
filer/, That no clerk shall receive moie than at the rate of
$1,000 per annum undei the act'"—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to strikeout
all after the word " provided," and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of three
dollars and thnty-thiee and one third cents per diem, ex-
cept two, whose compensation shall bo $1,200 per annum.
Prowled J art her, That the said limitation shall extend to
the appropriations lot clerks contained in the act " to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appiopri.itions> for the service of the
lineal year ending 30th June, 18.">2," approved July 131st,
1852.
Mr. J. said: By the law under which temporary
clerks in the Pension Office were originally em-
ployed, their compensation was fixed at $3 33?
per diem, which is some $40 over $1,000 per an-
num. In the deficiency bill, an appropriation for
deficiencies in the payment of these temporary
clerks passed this House, limiting their compensa-
tion to $1,000 per annum. It went to the Senate,
and the Senate struck out that provision, and in-
serted that their compensation should not exceed
$1,200, intending thereby that it might be graded
from $1,200 down. When it came back to the
House, the House added a proviso that the com-
pensation of these clerks should notexceed £.1,000,
except two, whose salaries should not exceed
$1,200.
This proviso is to make this bill correspond with
what the two Houses did in the deficiency bill,
and to correct that part which limited the com-
pensation to $1,000, instead of to $3 33-j a day.
The paying clerk in that office has gone on and
paid at that rate, and it is necessary to adopt this
amendment in order to enable him to settle his ac-
counts, and to make the compensation of t^ese
clerks what it was under the law originally passed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. H OXJSTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment: In line two hundred and eighty-one,
after the word " General," strike out the word
" two, "and insert in lieu thereof the word " three,"
so as to make the clause read:
"For the compensation of the clerks and messengers in
the office of the Surgeon General, $3,650."
