1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
business, by private individuals, isagreater bonus
than 1 have ever known to be given, for the pur-
pose of helping individuals in a business connected
with the public service. There can be no denial
of this fact, and of this view -of the subject; that
the compensation you already pay amounts to
rnore than twelve per cent, on the whole capital
invested; and then, in addition to that, you ailow
ell the profits which are made by a trip. Let us
see how that matter presents itself. This docu-
ment says that the average amount made on each
trip is $48,286, and some cents; twenty trips at
that rate make $965,737 a year; in addition to that,
the owners of the line have the Government pay
$385,000.
Mr. HALE.. That estimate includes the Gov-
ernment pay.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I had supposed not.
Mr. HALE. Yes, it does.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If that is the case, my
calculation is wrong. I do not so understand it.
Mr. SEWARD. With the permission of the
Senator, 1 will state one or two facts which should
be taken into consideration. The first is, that the
insurance on these four ships amounts to more
than half of all that is allowed by Congress for
their support. The other is, that the deterioration
of steamers by wear and. tear, amounts to twelve
per cenu
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My honorable friend
will not permit to come at it in my own way.
I have included those items in my calculations.
From this document I learn that the average re-
ceipts of each voyage have been $48,286—I am
right according to the paper—the $48,286, the
average receipts of each voyage, multiplied by the
twenty trips, makes $965,737; add to that the
$385,000 paid by Government, and you have
§1,350,737 as the actual receipts of this line of
steamers. No one can deny that, if the docu-
ments are correct. Here is the contract for the
$385,000; here is the document which states that
the average receipts per voyage is so much; and
it makes in all this sum of $1,350,737. Now, what
is the loss, or what is the expense, according t.o this
same document, for each trip? It is $65,215, and
twenty times that sum will give the whole outlay,
amounting to #£,304,300; showing, by a calculation
which cannot be £ainsayed, that there is a clear
gain of §46,437. There can be no resistance of-
fered to that calculation; none whatever. It is
according: to tl*e documents, and cannot be other-
wise.
Now, I admit that this sum of $46,437 is no
compensation for the insurance, for the capital
invested, and so forth. It is deficient. It is not
enough. It does not form a profitable investment.
But when you engage in a great enterprise of this
kind, and the Government patronizes it to the ex-
tent I have shown, and you bring out a clear profit
of $46,437, there is some little allowance to be
made for that increase of the business which lies
ahead, and which the Senator from New York
pointed out, I think with a good deal of propriety,
and I hope with a prescience that will be realized.
Although this profit is not sufficient as an imme-
diate compensation for the capital invested, and
the insurance and risk, yet something has to be
risked in all undertakings of this nature. I have
thus proved from the data before me, that this idea
which has been started and harped on from the
beginning, of an entire loss, cannot be indulged
in.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator from Kentucky
will ailow me, I wish to inquire whether I under-
stand him to include a portion of the $385,000 in
this item of the receipts?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not. I said that
according to the document, the $385,000 was ex-
clusive of the average receipts of $48,285.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator is under a mis-
apprehension with regard to that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I am under a misap-
prehension, then my calculation is wrong.
Mr. SEWARD. I am sure it is so. The
$48,286 includes the proportionate share of the
$382,000. . ,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state again that
the document reads, " the average receipts of eich
voyage. j>48,2^6.'' I understand from that, thit
the profit from each voyage, independent of the
Government pay, amounts to that sum.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to ex-
plain that?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly. 1 only want
light.
Mr. RUSK. The expenses of each trip amounts
to $65,000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, I see that.
Mr. RUSK. The receipts of each voyage
amount to $48,286, and there is just the loss com-
plained of by these contractors. Thev pay out
for each trip which they make $65,000. They
receive $48,286. And that is the sum and sub-
I stance which they complain of. There is the loss
which they show to you. This comes to us from
their book-keeper, under the formality of an oath;
and 1 know the Senator does not want to be mis-
taken. As he refers to the report which I had the
! honor to make a few years ago, where the cost
of sailing a war steamer of the first class was
estimated by the Secretary of the Navy to be
$190,000, I must say that I think the honorable
Senator did not remember that if you give these
men the same amount per ship which was given
according to the estimate of the Secretary of the
Navy, it will amount to within a few dollars of
of what they ask. If you multiply this $190,000
by four, you will have $760,000. The Senator
was taking one ship in commission and compar-
ing it with four ships run by the Collins line. He
will also remember that this estimate of $190,000
was made upon two voyages which a steamer of
| the first class made, in commission, while these
| ships of the Collins line are running every day,
' and have a constant expense. The estimate of
the Secretary of the Navy was made upon the
distance which was sailed, which was little or
nothing compared with the constant service per-
formed by the Collins line.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I only referred to the
cost of sailing our own men-of-war—our war
steamers—as reported by the Secretary of the
Navy, as a matter which had induced me to think
upon this question, and enter upon its investiga-
tion. I had never seen the particular sums until
I saw this report this morning. I had thought
about them, and had a faint recollection in regard
to them before, however. I do not now refer to
them for the purpose of going into a minute com-
parison, because I have not had the information
I necessary to enable me to do so. But my friend's
j explanation does not relieve the difficulty between
: myself and thehonorable Senator from New Yoik,
; at ali. He states exactly what the document
: says, and what I have read again and again. It
' is here stated that the amount expended in each
: trip is $65,215, and that the amount received is
; $48,286, and they show the diffeience between the
expenditureand the receipts to be $16,929. Now
: the matter in doubt is this: Whether any part of
: $385,000 enters into the receipts? whether any
part of the Government pay goes into the amount
! to make the receipts amount to $48,286? If it
j does not, then when you multiply the $48,286 by
! twenty, the number of trips, you should add the
! $385,000 to it; and when you add that, it makes
1 $1,350,737. The only question with me is,
I whether the $48,286 embraces any part of the
| Government pay. According to a fair interpreta-
; tion of this document, it does not. But, as I
| said,I am not sufficiently informed, and I may be
; wrong. So much for 14 receipts'' for each trip is
! what they get for freight and passengers if I un-
i derstand it.
Mr. MILLER. The Senator is mistaken about
that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is there anything to
■ prove it besides this document winch I have read ?
; If there is 1 should like to see it.'
1 Mr. MILLER. That is not the fair interpre-
1 tation of the language of the document read. I
• understand that in giving an account of the receipts
i for each trip, the Senator has an idea that the
1 $19,000 given by Government is not estimated in
; that amount.
: Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, thatis my idea.
| Mr. MILLER. The Senator is entirely mis-
! taken. That amount is made up from an estimate
: of the actual receipts from each voyage; and in
[ these receipts aie included §19,000 received fiora
| Government.
' Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, if that is a proper
i understanding; of it, I again acknowledge ntY
' calculations are, to that extent, wrong; as I have
done several times already. The question is,
: whether the §19,000 paid by Government form a
' part of the receipts.
, Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, if it is, I should
not add llie $19,000, as I have done. That is very
clear. I take it that these receipts, of so much per
I voyage, show the amount of money derited from
the conveyance of freight and passengers, only
without regard to the compensation growing out
' of the contract with the Government. It should
have been explicitly staled that these " receipts"
embraced what the Government paid, if such had
j been the fact. Let us, if you please, very briefly
] examine what information we have as to the ex-
: penditure of the $(>5,215 for each trip in crossing
i the Atlantic. Mark you, sir, the information states
; lhat the whole capital—less than three millions—
I pays the cost of all these ships, ready for service.
I Of course, all the engines and fixtures, all the
furniture, all the rigging, tackle, and everything
j belonging to the ships, are paid for by the capital
. to start with, of #2,944,142. Whatotherexpenses,
j then, can enter into the navigation of these ocean
i steamers to bring the cost of navigating thern up
j to £>G5,215 a trip? That's the inquiry. On that
! point, no person has yet deigned to give me the
I information necessary to form a judgment; and in
' the absence of ail information, communicated to
I enable a Western landsman to judge of sea matters,
! 1 have been compelled to proceed i n tlie uest lights
il had. What are they? In estimating the cost
| of navigating these ocean steamers, 1 was com-
i pelled to compare them with the operations of our
J little steam water craft on oui lillle spring branches
! in the West. Perhaps gentlemen may say that it
i is a very poor comparison to institute between
|! one of our little shackling craft, that is knocked all
lo pieces by coming into contact with the first
snag, or PoU; stalk, as it used to be called, in the
Mississippi river, and one of the great ocean
steamers. Well, inferior as it may be, and hum-
ble as it may be, in point of comparison, it is the
best standard 1 have; and until I have a better,
which some of the gentlemen who understand
ocean navigation better than I do can furnish, I
must resort to that I have. Well, in navigating
our steamers, the cost of fuel forms a very consid-
erable item: and in navigating the ocean steamers,
the cost of fuel is also one great item, and I ha^e
I endeavored to ascertain, as nearly as I can, what
i the cost of fuel would be for one of these steamers
i for one trip; and I will give the item, for I wish
| Senators to go into these items, and illuminate the
subject for the benefit of the public. According
t to myinformation, the expenditure of coal lias now
j! been reduced to something like fifty tons a (lay,
i! but I have allowed seventy-five tons, and I have
|' looked into the New York Prices Current, in ref-
'I erence to the price of coal, and allowed £8 a ton,
' ihe highest price according to the quotations, and
, I find, by allowing seventy-five tons, at £8 per
j ton, the expense of fuel would amount to §600 a
day. Now, what other expenses are there, every-
i thing else being paid for by the capital? Why,
! sir, there is food and water. I will go through
| my list, and give the items, and then gentlemen,
I in "til e prosecution of these investigations, can sup-
' ply anything that I have omitled.
I Food and water come next. The old_military
; rations, when I was a soldier a long time ago,
' used to cost twenty cents per day. But in these
days of progress, when California gold is felt here
■ as well as upon the Pacific, we will not even stop
j at double that sum; I will not put it down at forty
I; cents per day, but will allow fifty cents per day.
ij I have excluded spirit rations, for perhaps if you
i| were to put in spirit rations, and run up a Kos-
j! suth bill of expense, you might possibly go be-
I; youd my calculations. I know some liberal gen-
ii tlemen, such as I know the Senator from North
il Carolina [Mr. Badger] to be, would take in
!l champagne and Madeira, and every other thing
i that is eood.
!i Mr.BADGER. I wonder if the gentleman him-
'I self would take a little in?
!i Mr. UNDERWOOD. A little, perhaps, but
i! not as much as the honorable Senator from North
i Carolina. But to go on, and give some serious
!: thoughts in reference to this matter, I h->d sup-
' nosed that fifty cents per day would be a reason-
' able allowance for the material for food and drink;
i because you find the cooks provided for m another
ileal. I "do not know that we are to have wine
and things of that sort paid for at the public ex-
pense. And I am not speaking of
j; the passengers, becavisp you Will rein£t?i
