1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
M e ™ " Td, thTS\ ■ , ■ i t0 C0"S«« for relief. They have again received
ulr. !> O \\ LER. Let us hear the report in this i| a favorable report from the committee,'and 1 am
*ru fur AITIAJ AT mi , , 11'very sure that it will again receive the approlia-
i he CHAIRMAN. There has been no report ;j tion orthis House, and be unanimously adopted,
adem regard .o ,t.. I Mr_ G[DDINGS. I wish to inquire of the
made in regard to it.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Thebiil states sub-
stantially the facts of. the case. There was a re-
port made, but I understand it has not been printed.
The persons claiming relief in this case imported
molasses. By an agreement between the import-
ers and the collector of the port, the goods were
stored in the warehouse mutually agreed upon by
them—the public warehouse at that time being
thought not sufficiently safe. The goods-while in
that state, in unbroken packages, were destroyed
by fire. The importers paid the duties, and they
went to the Treasury for relief. Being advisee!
they could not get it there, they applied to Con-
gress to have the duties refunded to them. It is,
therefore, simply to refund the money they paid
upon these several hogsheads of molasses which
were destroyed, and which did not go into the
general consumption of the country, that this bill
is reported. The bill is one in accoidance wil'ri
universal usage from the foundation of this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask one question, j
It is, whether this is not the same case which was I
brought up lieie during the last session of Con-
gress ?
Mr. PULLER. It is the same bill, and it was
reported upon favorably. In no case, I believe,
where duties have' been paid upon goods destroyed
by fire, while in the public warehouse, and wliere
other goods were necessarily imported to fill their
place, have the Government refused, upon appli-
cation, to refund the duties.
Mr. GIDDINGS. What was done with the
bill at the last. session ?
Mr. FULLER. It failed for want of time, like
a great many others.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say by way of ex-
planation, that this bill has received the unani-
mous approbation of the committee, as it has
twice received the unanimous approval of the pop-
ular branch of two Congresses. I have before me
the report of the committee made at the last ses-
sion, arad^I will send it to the Clerk's table to be
read, as it sets forth all the facts in the case.
" That it appears ftom the facts m the ca«e that the peti-
tioner impoi ted into the port of AToilolk, on or about the
6th of June, 1348, a catL'O of&u2?u*, eoiiviMnis of 19:> hot-
heads and six tiorce*, upon which the duties amoumed'to
*$1,877 40; that the entne ca>«ro was bonded and ware-
housed not in the oidiuaiy public stores, as they wcic con-
sidered by the collecter of the poit unsafe at the time, bmin
a warehouse selected by the revenue olficcrs o'' the Govern-
ment tor the ecpocial purpose, havmsr been examined by !
the surve\or of the poit, and appioved by the pgfitioneis';
that subsequently the said waiehouse, together with 121
hogsheads of the aforesaid sugars, wag destroyed by fire;
that the memorali?ts immcdiatelv paid the dime? chaise-
able upon the remaining 71 hogsheads and eiv tierces,
amounting lo $720 90, which were .saved from the confla-
giation, and applied to the Secretary of the Tieasury to
cancel their bond upon winch remained still due the bum of
^1,1.">6 50, the amount of duties chaigeable upon the sugars
destroyed as aforesaid ; that tailing in this refictj in ordci to
prevent expense of a suit, they also paid the sum of.$l,15S 50
in full, winch they now ask Congress to authorize the
Secretary of the Trea-'iuv to refund to them. Your com-
mittee aie of the opinion that their request should be
gt anted, and accordingly heieby leport for their relict."
Mr. MILLSOiXr resumed. I myself have some i
personal knowledge of the very disastrous con- j
flagration by which these goods were destroyed, i
At the time of their destruction the dudes had not'
been paid by the memoralists. They accordingly ;
addressed a memorial to the Thirtieth Congress, !
requesting- that their bond might be canceled. A ;
favorable report was made from the Committee 1
on Conwnerce; and a bill reported for their relief, j
directing; their bonds to be canceled, was unan- i
imously passed by the House of Representatives, ,
which failed, however, to be considered in the ;
Senate. In the mean time the bond became due,
and it was necessary that payment should be
made. They discharged the bond, which had
not been canceled, and addressed their petition to !
the last Congress, requesting the return of duties
which had been paid. A bill was reported from :
the Committee on Commerce by Mi. Phosnix, of'
New York, which a«ain passed the House of'
Representatives unanimously, at an early period
of the session, but a second time, amid the multi-
farious occupations of the Senate, failed to pass |
that body, though it passed this body. The peti- j
tioners were again under the necessity of coming
gentleman if the report of this year coincides with
the report just read?
Mr. MILLSON. I take it for granted that it
does.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. With the leave of
the gentleman, I will^ answer that question. The
Committee on Commerce this year adopt as their
report that of the Committee on Commerce of the
previous year, which has just been read,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only wish to say this; that
it strikes me that it is founded upon a general
principle which has long prevailed, of refunding.!
duties upon goods that arfi thus destroyed. It was !
adopted in regard to the great fire in the city of
New York, and has ever continued from that time
down to the present.
Mr. FULLER. The principle dates back to
the year 1790.
Mr. MILLSON. k It is a principle \\jhich has
always received the approbation of Congress. It-
is one which has never been called in question.
These goods, as appears from the report of the
committee, were in possession of the Government
at the time of the destruction of the building. The
building was itself selected by the Government as
the depository of goods. These persons have
paid to the Government duties upon merchandise
which never entered into the consumption of the !
country, and which was destroyed while in the
possession of the Government, in a building se-
lected by the officers of the Government them-
selves. I trust that it wil! be allowed to pass.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JAMES FERGUSON. \/
The next bill m order, No. DO, for the relief of
James Ferguson, the surviving partner of Fergu-
son & Milhado, was then read through.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. This case stands
precisely upon the same facts as the case which
has just passed from under the consideration of
the House. It is for sugars and molasses de-
stroyed in the same fire and precisely under the
same circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] what reason there is
wily the exact amount to be paid cannot be stated
in the bill? Why is it, that the precise amount
cannot be ascertained now and stated in the bill ?
Mr. FULLER. It is stated, I will inform the
gentleman.
Mr HUNTER. It says, not more than so
much, which means going up to the highest point.
Mr. FULLER I will only say, that the evi-
dence before the committee, by the certificate of
the collector and the Secretary of the Treasury,
shows, that the maximum in the bill was the pre- i
cise amount paid. As to the form of the bill in
that case, which bill I had the honor of presenting
as a member of the Committee on Commerce, I
only adopted the printed bill of the previous ses-
sion, to save the trouble of drawing it up.
Mr. MILLSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Hunter,! that I obtained the
certificate of the amount paid.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it the amount named in
the bill?
Mr. FULLER. It is the amount named in the
bill.
Mr. IIUNTER. I only object to it because
the precise amount to be paid is not fixed defi-
nitely in the bill.
Mr_ FULLER. I can see very readily the rea-
sons for having the bill drawn in that form, and
it is out of abundant caution. The memorialists m
this case have shown to the committee, and to their
satisfaction, the amount they paid. The bill in
Us terms requires them to show to the collector
also the amount, up to the maximum in the bill.
If by possibility there has been a mistake—if the
maximum is too high, the language of the bill
give4* security on the side of the Government.
Mr. HEBiVRD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Maine, who reported this bill, wheth-
er there was any proof before the committee that
these goods had been burned?
Mr. FULLER. There was clear and satisfac-
tory proof before the committee.
| Mr. HEBARlX I wish to inquire, also, why
. that proof is turned over to the Secretary of the
| Treasury for examination, before the mondv can
be paid?
Mr. FULLER. I will answer the gentleman,
that it was only out of-abundant caution, requiring*
them to furnish to the Department the same proofs,
of which the committee has possession, to guard
against the possibility of mistake. , •
Mr. HEBARD. I only inquire, whether it
was proved to the satisfaction of the committee,
and that will be satisfactory to me,
Mr. FULLER. The original bond and thfe
certificate of cancellation of the collector of the
port, were before the committee.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise to objcct to the prin-
ciple embraced in the two bills which have been
presented to the House, but I think it is at least
an injudicious method of arriving at the matter.
| I suggest to the committee which reported these
bills, whether it would not be well to report a gen-
eral law, embracing the principle contained in
these private bills, and leaving it discretionary
with the Treasury, to adjust all such cases under
the rule prescribed by such general law. • Here are
two cases precisely alike, and probably there-may
be fifty more during the session, of a similar char-
acter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Govern-
ment has warehouses now.
Mr. BELL. That, may be all true, but the *
principle of this is nut different fiom the general
principle, where the property has been destroyed
by fire or accident; and I understand that it, is*for
that reason, the remedy is proposed to be given to
the applicant here.
Mr. MILLSON. I have only a word to say.
Perhaps there may be some constitutional difficulty
in the general law proposed. I need not discuss
that question at this time, however, though money
cannot be paid from the Treasury except in con-
sequence of specific appropriations made by law.
This money having once gone into the Treasury,
perhaps there will be some difficulty in paying it
out again without specific appropriation bylaw.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Committee
on Commerce have received no instructions from
this House to report any such general law. With-
out such instruction, they cannot report a bill for
a general law. We can report upon nothing ex-
cept that which is referred to us. These partic-
ular bills were refeired to us. I will state to
gentlemen, however, that other nations do refund
the duties in all cases similar to this—the result of
fire. I think the principle is right, and that this
country should refund just as m the case of draw-
backs. The gentleman from Virginia, upon re-
flection, will see there can be no possible objection
to it.
Mr. MILLSON. Waiving the question of con-
stitutional objection, I will add, what the gentle-
man from Georgia has anticipated me in saying,
that the committee could only act upon questions
before them; and this Committee of the Wholecan
hardly be interrupted in the duties now devolving
upon it, by the consideration of what it may be
their duty to do hereafter in similar cases. I trust
the bill will pass.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I sincerely
liopc that the passage of this bill will not be em-
barrassed by the general considerations which
have been suggested in reference to what might be
politic as to "the passage of a general law which
will apply to all such cases. I am fully of the
opinion, that such a generallaw would save a great
deal of trouble to individuals, and much time that
is devoted to legislation upon this subject. This
bill has been prepared m precise conformity with
the line of precedents found upon our books since
1790, in form, and carrying out the principles.
But if it shall be found expedient, at any future
time, to, ingraft upon our statute book a general
law, as is the case in Great Britain and some other
commercial nationsof Europe, I think myself, with
the gentleman upon the other side, who has al-
luded to it, that it would be of very great advan-
tage to adopt such a principle. This bill comes
here after mature consideration, in conformity with
the precedents in such cases, and I hope it will
receive the favorable action of the House at this
time.
Mr. KUHNS. I do not know that I have any
objection as to the merits of this claim, but it strikes
me that there is an important fact to be determined,
