2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am also instructed to offer
the following: In line three hundred and seventeen,
among the appropriations for the office of the
Chief Engineer, strike out " $175," and insert in
lieu thereof " $225," so as to make the clause
read:
" For blank-books, binding, stationery, and printing,
$225."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to move to insert after the words " one
hundred," in the three hundred and eishteenth
line, the words " and fifty," so as to read:
" For miscellaneous items, $150."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment: After the word " office," irs line three
hundred and fifty-four, strike out the word " elev-
en," and insert in lieu thereof the word " twelve,"
so as to make the clause read:
" For compensation of the Chief of the Bui pan of Navy-
Yards find Doelis, and of the civil engineer, draughtsman,
cierks, and messengers in ins office, $12,600."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SIBLEY moved to amend that portion of
the bill relating to the Territory of Minnesota by
inserting after the word " twenty," in the four
hundred and fifty-fourth line, the word "three,"
and after the word " thousand," in the same line,
the words "four hundred," so as to make the
clause read:
" For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of tile Assembly, $23,400."
Mr. S. said: I move to increase that item to
$23,400, in accordance with the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Chair-
man, the estimate upon which the Committee of
Ways and Means acted was based upon a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Territory of
Minnesota, made immediately after he entered
upon the duties of his office. Subsequent examin-
ation satisfied him that he had under-estimated
the sum necessary to defray the legislative and
other expenses of the Territory, and he sent in to
the Treasury Department a corrected estimate,
amounting to the sum I now ask for. The esti-
mate has not only received the indorsement of Mr.
Whittlesey, the Comptroller, but also that of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as 1 have before stated.
The sum heretofore appropriated has been $24,000,
and even that has been insufficient to meet the ex-
penditures, and I have been necessitated to ask an
additional sum of Congress, during the present
session, to make up the deficiency. I do not
wish the Delegate from Minnesota to be placed in
a position hereafter which will render it necessary
for him to urge Uf on this House the appropriation
of money to pay arrearages. It 13 embarrassing
and unpleasant to be obliged to press such a meas-
ure. The sum mentioned in my amendment will
suffice to pay the expenses of the territorial gov-
ernment; less will, in my judgment, be insuffi-
cient. I can conceive of no reason why the ap-
propriation should be diminished. I do not think
the honorable chairman of the Ways and Means
can bring forward any evidence to convince the
committee that the sum can properly be reduced
from former appropriations, or that the territorial
authorities of Minnesota have expended the an-
nual allowance otherwise than in a proper man-
ner, and in accordance with law.
The document, recommending the increase to
the sum specified in my amendment, is now in
my hand, together with a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, directed to myself, which is as
follows:
Treasury Depaetmpnt, May B, 185a.
: la reply to the joint letter of y om self ami Alexander
Wilkin, Esq., addressed to the First Comptroller, lelative
to the insufficiency of the estimates for Minnesota Terri-
tory, I have the honor to transmit a copy of a communica-
tion from this Department to Ron. Speaker Boyd, dated
2va January last, concurring with the recommendation
therein inclosed for the increased appropriation, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of Secretary Wilkin
Very respectfully, your obedient servant
THO. CORWIN,
rr rr tt cj tt Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. H. H. Sibley, House of Representatives.
I trust that the committee will agree to my mo-
tion, notwithstanding the opposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, although I confess I
have not much hope of succeeding in any measure
which does not receive the favorable consideration
of that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means inserted $20,000 for the legislative ex-
penses of the Territory of Minnesota, which was
the amount first estimated for by the Secretary of
that Territory. That is the amount estimated for
Utah, New Mexico, and Oregon. Only $19,000
has been asked in some cases. All the otherTer-
ritories get $20,000, or under, for the very same
items of expenditure. This appropriation is
based upon the estimates presented by the Secre-
tary of Minnesota since the meeting of Congress.
Here are the corrected estimates to which thegen-
tleman has referred, and I regret to say that al-
most all the estimates for the Territory of Min-
nesota seem to be increased. The Delegate from
Minnesota succeeded in getting into the defi-
ciency bill several thousand dollars more than
was estimated for, and more than the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means really thought they
ought to have. Knowing that a feeling of indul-
gence towards the Territories generally prevails
in this House, we were disposed not to scrutinize
their expenditures too closely. We give them m
this bill their first estimate, and we give them as
much as is given to all the other Territories, ex-
cept Oregon, and we give them more than wegive
Oregon.
Mr. SIBLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Alabama whether the Committee of Ways
and Means had any evidence before them that the
appropriations previously made for the govern-
ment of the Teiritory of Minnesota havenotbeen
expended according to law ? And further, if there
is any evidence that the sum of $24,000, which
has been heretofore appropriated, has been more
than sufficient?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer the gentleman's
questions; I do not know what he calls the codi-
fying of the laws, the employment of extra clerks,
and all that class of expenditures, which were di-
rectly in ths teeth of the law of 1842. But we con-
cluded to give that to them, in the deficiency bill,
notwithstanding that it was an expenditure con-
trary to law. But, then, why should we give
$24,000 to Minnesota, and only $19,440 to Ore-
gon ? Js there any propriety in that? Is there
any reason for it?
We may not be able to say that the money has
been fraudulently disposed of, and yet there is
such a thing as being more extravagant than is
necessary. I take it for granted, that the price of
everything necessary to enable the Legislative
Assembly to proceed with the administration of
the government, is quite as high in Oregon as it is
in Minnesota.
A Voice. Double that amount.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend says double the
amount. 1 have no doubt it is. I know it is very
much larger. We gave them all they asked, until
the Secietary took a second examination, when
he made larger estimates. I think the appropiia-
tion in the bill is large enough, and 1 hope the
' committee will not adopt the amendment.
Mr. SIBLEY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate upon
the amendment is in order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
j ment was not agreed to.
! Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered the following amendment to
the clause of the bill providing for the territorial
expenses of the Territory of New Mexico. After
line four hundred and sixty-three insert the fol-
lowing:
For compensation of the Acting Secretary of the Terri-
tory of Npw Mexico, fiom the 5th of April, 1851, to the
20th of June, 1851, .^425.
Mr. II. said; Mr. Chairman, the Delegate from
; New Mexico is here, and can probably explain
this matter better than I can. I will, however,
, say this: The papers are before the House going
I to show that Governor Calhoun, after having ar-
: rived in New Mexico, found it necessary, in his
1 opinion, to appoint a Secretary of the Territory,
i in advance of the ratification of the nomination of
■ Secretary Allen, whose nomination was afterwards
j ratified. J am aware that he had no authority to
j appoint a secretary—none at all; but in the de-
| ficiency bill Congress made an appropriation for
j paying an Indian agent, which he had appointed as
j much without authority by law as in this case.
He states that the appointment of this secretary
was necessary, and that he could not have got
along without him. It was in advance of the rat-
ification of the appointment of Secretary Allen by
the Senate. In view of the action of the House
relative to the Indian agent which he appointed,
the Committee of Ways and Means saw fit to
recommend this amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON, under instruction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved to amend the
section providing for the salaries of the district
judges, by inserting in line four hundred and
seventy-six, after the word " seventy," the word
" two," so that the section would read—
For salaries of the distnet judges, .5*72,000."
Mr. H. said: The object of this amendment is
to remedy an omission upon the part of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. He shows that m send-
ing his estimates here, he omitted to provide for
the district judge for Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then ready
viz:
" For defraying the expanses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the Drs-tric!
of Columbia, also 'orjuiois and witnesses in aid of the
funds arising from fines-, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853, and previous years,
and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are coneerncd, and of prosecutions for
offenses committed against the United States, and for the
safe-keeping of prisoners, $300,000."
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions from the
Committee of Ways and Means, moved to amend
the above clause, by striking out $300,000, and
inserting $550,000.
Mr. Chairman, the object of this amendment is
this: In passing upon this bill, the Committee of
Ways and Means put in $300,000, in view of the
action of the Committee on the Judiciary, in re-
porting a fee bill, because we did not know what
amount would be necessary under that bill. Since
that time the bill has been reported. I furnished
the Secretary of the Treasury with a copy of it,
and asked him to predicate estimates upon it, and
furnish them to us. This he has done, and the
amount of his estimates is what the Committee of
Ways and Means now recommend to be inserted
in this section. He estimates $550,000 as the
amount which will be necessary for this fiscal
year. The $300,000 which the committee put
into the bill is an arbitrary sum. I will remark
here, that Mr. Whittlesey informed me—and the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
McLanahan] has a knowledge of this subject—
that the estimate now presented is a larger one*
for the reason that the law is a new one, and if it
should pass, he did not want to have a deficiency.
I will state furthermore, that the estimates of
the Department, of the same oiKcers, under the
existing laws, is $092,000, so that there will be a
saving of $142,000 if this bill should pass in its
present form. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose to insert what has been estimated
by the Department, predicated upon that bill.
The question was then put, and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
offer an amendment to the four hundred and sev-
enty-seventh line.
The CHAIRMAN. Thecommitteehavepassed
that portion of the bill, and it can only be returned
to by unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I send my amendment to
the Chair, and ask to have it read.
It was read, as follows:
Add to the section the following, viz :
PtoHdedj That the district judges of the United States
shall receive each an annual salary of not less than $9,000;
so that the whole section would read as follows,
viz:
"For salaries of the district fudges, #70.000: Provided*
That the district judges of the United States shall receive
each an annual salary of nut less than $2,000."
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object to returning
to that clause of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman who objects, that this is an amendment that
the Committee on the Judiciary have instructed
me to offer to this part of the bill.
Mr. JONES. I ask if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to debate
the amendment, if objection is made to its recep-
tion.
