1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
when they are to be provided for they pay for
their own wine and luxuries, and it comes amply
wit of their own pockets. I am speaking of (lie
provisions necessary for the crews of these ships—
for the-officers and men, stewards, cooks, and ser-
vants, on board, and whose services are necessary
in navigating and attending to the management of
"the ship and duties on board.
I i5eg to make a distinction between the passen-
gers and crew. When you„come to the passen-
gers, there is an increased expenditure depending
upon the amount gentlemen are willing tn consume
and pay for in the way of luxuries, wine, &c. That
has nothing to do with furnishing the necessaries
for the ship's crew; and when you come to them, if
our ships are furnished at a greater ratp than fifty
cents per day, or half of that, it is an extrava-
gance that has not yet crept into the management
of our Government vessels. But to show that !
am liberal in the extreme, I allow fifty cents per
day, which will provide the necessaries of hie in
a much more costly manner than they are pro-
vided for in our national ships. Now, how many
hands have you to provide for? I suppose not
more than one hundred and fifty. 1 have made
some inquiries, and I was informed that that num-
ber would probably embrace the whole ship's
crew. I have now provided for food; I have pro-
vided for water; I have provided for fuel What
more expense is there? Nothing but wages; for
out of the wages, the clothing and other necessa-
ries are provided by the crew themselves. How
much must be allowed for the wages of these one
hundred and fifty officers, men, and boys, who
navigate these ships? I suppose a dollar a day
would be a very extravagant sum for many of the
hands that can be hired by the month. How
much for the officers on board ? I am told that
most of these ships are navigated by our own
officers, and I suppose they draw their salaries
from Government while navigating these ships.
Mr. MILLER. Not at all.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am told they do not
now. Then they are paid out of the profits of the
ship. What salaries ought to be paid to the offi-
cers on board of these ships ? These are proper in-
quiries; and I have allowed in my calculations
something like California prices; because, not
knowing how much the cook, the fireman, the
waiter, the sailor, and engineer would get, 1 was
compelled to lump them off at $5 per day, all
around. That is very liberal, I think, and will
bring them all nearly to the notch of £2,000 a
year. Allowing $5 a day for each officer, man,
and boy,and puttingtheir number at one hundred
and fifty, it would bring their wages to §273,750
per annum—a sum sufficient to pay one hundred
laborers on board $2 per day throughout the
year, and leave enough to give salaries to fifty
officers, exceeding $4,000 to each! Sir, ( have
allowed for wages three times as much as it ought
to be.
Five dollars a day for each of one hundred and
fifty hands, makes $750. Then, according to this
report or memorial^ it takes eleven days, upon an
average, to cross the ocean. Multiply all these
sums^by that number, and it gives an aggregate of
$15,675; and to come back again, it makes it
amount to $31,350 for a trip—the sailing time of a
trip. 1 have already said that 1 have no means of
estimating for the resting time of the trip; nor do
I know how much time is spent in port. Accord- ,
ing to this calculntion, then, it does not make the I
half of the $65,000 for the expense per trip, as the
memorial states.
I again advert to the idea -with which I started.
These gentlemen may have expended the $65,000;
but, I repeat, that is not the question. They may
have lost double, triple, quadruple that, for aught
i know; but the question is, were they compelled
to lose it by economical management?" Were they
compelled, in carrying on the business in which
they were associated with the Government, to in-
cur the expenditures in the necessary performance
of the business in which they sustained the loss?
That is the inquiry; and there is nothing before
me, from any fact communicated by any individual
or committee, which enables me to judge further
than 1 have attempted to judge from these, per-
haps you may say, very crude considerations. I
have made no allowance for wear and tear, for re-
pairs, and for insurance, because I do not know
how much they amount to, and no one has taken
the trouble to ascertain, and to inform us. The
amount of repairs are always uncertain, because
they depend much upon accidents, which cannot
he anticipated or estimated. It is the fault of the
documents before me, that these things were not !
all exhibited,
Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the Senator if
he has taken into his account of expenses the ex-
pense of that very remarkable trip made to Wash-
ington, afew months ago,by one of those ships?
Mr.UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I left that out.
I thought it might come in under the head of
"extras," for which compensation is sometimes
made by a vote of the Senate, to a great many j
people. |
Mr. MILLER, ff the Senator will permit me, i
I desire to make one statement. As I understand :
the honorable Senator, according to his calculation, !
what he calls a trip across and back costs S3] ,350. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. According to the data ;
which I have thus given. ,
Mr. MILLER. In that he does not take into '
consideration the expense of sustaining the pas- 1
sengers, or the money received from them. !
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not at ail. !
Mr. MILLER. Then, if the ship merely per-
forms the service of carrying the mail from New
York to Liverpool, it will cost the company
§31,650; and yet they get from the Government
only $19,250 per trip. The gentleman makes out
the whole case, that they ought to receive the
amount proposed by the amendment—a little over
$30,000 per trip.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; letusattend
to the suggestion of my friend from New Jersey.
He thinks it would be right for the Government
just to pay all the expenses of performing this
service, and give all the profit on freight and pas-
sengers away for nothing at all. Is that the thing
we are to be engaged in 3
Mr. MILLER. The Senator misunderstands
me. He has made a calculation, the results of
which he presented to the Senate as the actual cost
of running one of the ships without regard to the
passage money. He discards the account that has
been presented, and makes his account merely
with regard to the actual cost.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will explain it all.
Mr. MILLER. If the Senator takes that view,
I say the actual cost of running the ship, without
regard to passengers, will amount to the sum de-
signated. But if he takes the other view, and
gives the amount of expense sustained by the siiip
in carrying the passengers, he must also take in
the amount of passage money.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will do that. The only
difficulty is, that I cannot get to do it in my own
way. But, as to the suggestion of the honorable
Senator, in the view in which I was going to pre-
sent it, would he think it reasonable for the Gov-
ernment to have to pay all the expenses both ways,
and allow the company to derive all the profits ? i
Certainly that would not be reasonable. I have
given you the expenses by showing- what the fuel,
and food, and wages, to support the ship's crew,
would amount to; and I have shown, according :
to the data which I have given—and if I am no' .1
right, I want to be corrected—that the support of i:
the ship's crew, and the running of the' vessel, j
would hot amount to the half of"the sum which !i
has been expended m the navigation. But then :
the gentleman comes forward, and says: "You ■'
do not take into consideration anything which is '!
furnished to passengers; you do not take into con- !
sideration any of the expenses of loading and ,
unloading the vessel; you do not take into con-
sideration the various things connected with pas-
sage, and with the trade and commerce carried
on by the ships." Sir, I intentionally left all
that out. And why ? Because every man knows
that the passenger on board the ship pays his own i
way, and more than pays it. He pays it with a i
great profit to the owners of the ship. Every one j
knows that every article of food, every luxury, 1
everything of that kind, which is put on board for :
the benefit of the passengers, they get at a very
great profit to those who furnish it. Every one I
knows that every pound of merchandise put on
board the ship for commercial purposes, or trans-
portation, is paid for, and at a profit. Therefore,
there is nothing in the suggestion of the Senator : 1
from New Jersey. All that ought to be left out, !:
because, when you take it into consideration, it is ji
the great source of profit to the owners of the ships. I!
Now, I want gentlemen to show me, if they ■■
j please, how it is that we could, by economical
I management, with paying just wages, make the
; expense amount to $65,000. And when they make
! out a " clean bill "—to use the expression of your-
i self, sir, [Mr. Mangum temporarily occupying the
! chair]—and let me see it, lean tell then whetherit
i is proper to vote for the amendment, or give up
I the enterprise. But we have not the facts now
. sufficiently before us to justify a correct judgment.
I As far as I have got the facts, it appears to me
'■ that the $33,000 proposed in the amendment to be
: given, is altogether exorbitant. And now, to
! prove that, you propose, by the amendment, to
| increase thetripsto twenty-six,and to give $33,000
i for each trip. That makes $858,000 per annum,
i Well, sir, that $858,000 per annum would, in less
than four years, more than pay the capital in-
vested . Was there ever such a business as that
; before?
Mr. RUSK. The Senator seems to forget alto-
1 gether that we are receiving postages from this
line. He makes the calculation as if we were not
1 receiving back a single cent; when the fact of the
| business is, that the postages themselves, for the
, first two years, amounted to within $256,000 of
[ the amount paid out by the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not forget any-
thing; but 1 do not go on, perhaps, as rapidly as
I other minds.
: Mr. RUSK. You forget that one side of the
account/
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh, no; I do not forget
] it. The question I am investigating is, How is
, Mr. Collins affected by going on with the per-
I formance of this service ? I am not investigating
| how much the Government loses or gains, but I
j am investigating whether Mr. Collins sustains an
! expenditure of $65,000 per trip; and if we pay
■ him $33,000 a trip, how long it will take to payor
i return his capital; and, in reference to that inves-
] tigation, whether the Government gets postage, or
gets not a cent, has nothing to do witli it. I am
! uponone thing, and the gentleman's mind is run-
ning upon another. I am endeavoring to show
j that $65,000, with good economy, and skill, and
management, according tp the facts, could not be
spent; and that has nothing to do with the receipts
| or losses of the Government. I say, though, that
| if you give $33,000 a trip, for twenty-six trips, it
j makes $858,000; and that that $858,000, accord-
i ing to the data here, pays for the whole capital in-
! vested in a little more that three years—between
; three and four years it pays for the capital invest-
j ed, and gives to the owners of the line every cent
j of profit they can make from passengers and
■ freight. Now, sir, I am going to take no such
! leap as that in the dark. I must be fully informed
[ of everything before I can think a moment of do-
; ing it.
| Now, sir, it is said that we get, to be sure, some
' compensation for these $858,000. Suppose we
! do, does that alter the fact that the capital is re-
paid in between three and four years? Notat all.
■ And I bring forward the fact to show that this is
a business that cannot be sustained by the Gov-
ernment, if it costs as much as that: that we can-
not pay for steam lines, if we are to reimburse the
owners of those lines for the whole, capital in-
vested in between three and four years. I want
to manage this postal affair so that I can avail
myself ot the liberal doctrines which the Senator
from New ^ ovk has avowed here—to give some
aid to lines from Boston, New Orleans, Charles-
ton, and other ports—even to the ports of the Old
Dominion, when they shall be put into operation.
Rut when I am showing the facts that carry out
the view, that if you apply it to everybody it will
make it necessary to pay in three or four years
those capitalists who invest in steam-ships the
whole amount of the capital out of the Treasury
of the United States, I am answered by being told,
Why, you receive a portion of the earnings of the
ships, in the shape of postage! I admit that it is
so; but I rely upon this to show that this is either
partiality to the port of New York, or, if you
make it general, and extend it according to the
suggestion of the gentleman—as I am anxious to
do, if you go into the business at all—it is to go
upon principles which cannot stand. I therefore
say, from the facts which we have before us, that
these $858,000 a year, to be paid for the perform-
ance of these trips, is an exorbitant allowance,
and before I can go for it, it must be reduced.
Sir, I will not detain the Senate by going into
