2&2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
Jan. 16,
■whether a fire actually took place, by #which this j,
property was destroyed. i
Mr. FULLER. If the gentleman had heard i
the bill read, he,would have seen) that it a/j>pio- .
priated a specific sum for this purpose. There j
was the fullest evidence of the fire before the com- >
mittee, and the phraseologj of the bill was only
adopted in conformity with precedents; and in
drder to be upon the safe side, they required the
memorialists to furnish proof twice over.
Mr. KUHNS. That explanation is satisfactoij.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise to object to the hill.
My only object is to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the subject, whether a general law could
not be passed, so as to.embrace all these particular
cases and save local legislation hereafter.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
INTEREST TO NEW HAMPSHIRE.
The next bill on the calendar, No. 4, authorizing
the payment of interest to the State tff New Hamp-
shire, for advances made for the use of the United
States, in repeHing invasion and suppressing insur-
rection at Indian Stream, in said State, was read
through.
Mr. PE&SLEE called for the reading of the
report; and it was read, as follows, viz:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
tlte bill authorizing the allowance of interest-money paid
out by the State of New Hampshire, upon the advances
made by the State for the use of the United States Gov-
ernment in repelling invasion and suppressing insuriec-
tien at Indian Stream, in said State,report:
That in consequence of the encroachments of Great
Britain upon our northeastern frontier, and the claim ot'the
Canadian Government to a part ot'the territory of the State
of New Hampshire, and the mea^uies threatened and
adopted to enforce said claim,the Legislature of that State
were unanimously of opinion that a small portion of its
military force should be called out" for the defence of its
territory and the preservation of its citizens and property.
The expenses incurred by the State were exceedingly
low for the services rendered, and the result oi'the meas-
ures adopted proved their necessity and propriety.
These advances were not reimbursed the State for
about thirteen years after the claim was made, and all the
neecassary evidence and vouchers furnished the Gencial
Government by the State to sustain it, and almost the en-
tire amount of interest paid out by the State has been
during tins delay.
tfniform precedent, in regard to such claims, shows that
the State is entitled to receive the amount she has been
compelled to pay out, m the name of interest, for the use
and benefit of the General Government, in consequence of
these expenditures', up to the time when the principal may
have been reimbursed by the United States, if the same
measure of justice is to be meted out to her that has been
over and over again to her sister States. Similar claims
have been repeatedly sanctioned by Congress ever since
the organization of the Government.
The committee refer to the several acts, involving pre-
cisely the same principle, passed in favor of the State of
Virginia, the State ot Maryland, of Pennsylvania, New
York, South Carolina;the cities of Baltimore and Mobile;
and the act of January 26, 1849, for the relief of the State
of Alabama, involving the same principle as the hill for the
relief of the State of New Hampshire. Also, the act of the
la^t Congress, allowing the pa) merit of interest to the State
of Georgia, for advances in the suppression of the Creek,
and Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in 1&J6, 1837, arid
and the act of March 3d, 1851, authonzmg the pay-
ment of interest to the State of Maine, for advances made
for the protection of the same northeastern frontier. The
committee thereupon recommend jhe passage of the bill
ns referred, with the exception of the proviso to the first
section, which they recommend to be stricken out, and in
that they ask the concurrence of the House.
The CHAIRMAN stated the first question to
be upon agreeing to the amendment of the Judi-
ciary Committee, to strike out the following pro-
viso:
" Provided, That said amount shall not exceed six thou-
sand dollars."
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know what
the amount of interest is. It may be that it is
more than that sum.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported an amendment to this bill, to
strike out the proviso limiting the amount of in-
terest to be allowed. [ confess that I did not see
the propriety ot striking out that proviso, and I
think it would be just as well for this committee to
reject the amendment of the Judiciary Committee.
The object of striking it out is to prevent the ac-
counting officers from coming up to the limit that
is fixed by the House in the passage of this bill.
My own impression is, that it would be better to
reject the amendment and pass the bill in tlie form
111 which it was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. VENABLE. I am for striking out the
proviso limiting the interest to six thousand dol-
lars. If the debt is due, we ought to pay it all.
If it is not due, then we ought to pay none of it.
If, upon the accounting officers looking into this
account, it is ascertained^ that the State of New
Hampshire either advanced money for the benefit
of the United States, or that she paid-interest upon
money for the purpose of suppressing insurrec-
tion and protecting the territory of the United
States, then, whether it amounts to six or to ten
thousand dollars, it ought to be paid. I am averse'
to adopting a system of legislation which, upon its
face, indicates a suspicion on our part that our own
accounting officers are thievae; it would be by our
own legislation, declaring that we are unwilling to
trust to the integrity of those who act under our au-
thority, and are our accounting officers. It is there-
fore thatl am disposed to strike out the proviso. If
the sum of ten thousand dollars is due to the State
of New Hampshire, it ought to be paid; if but one
thousand dollars, it ought to be paid; and if noth-
ing at all is due, it ought to be so declared. I can
see no reason why the amount should be limited
to six thousand dollars. Above all, I protest
against our so legislating here as to declare to the
world that we have 110 confidence in those whose
official d.uty it is to settle the accounts of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FOWLER. It is very clear that the in-
terest ought to be paid—every cent of it. It may
be, as has been well said by the gentleman from
North Carolina, that it will amount to seven or
eight thousand dollars, and if so it ought to be
paid. We can trust our accounting officers to as-
certain the amount. .1 am, therefore,clearly ofthe
opinion that the proviso ought to be stricken out.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to say a word upon
this subject, as the claim of the State of Mary-
land lias been referred to in the report. Maryland
has never been paid.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The city of Baltynore
has.
Mr. \JrALSH. Baltimore has. I will not
charge tne accounting officers of the Government
with any fraud m regard to matters of this descrip-
tion, but there was a most singular mistake in the
mode of payment of the account of Maryland,
and there is now due to that State something like
seventy thousand dollars. It is necessary to strike
out this provisfl to prevent a mistake of a similar
character in this case.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have only one re-
mark to submit in reference to this matter. I
consider it very immaterial whether the amend-
ment is adopted or rejected by the committee. The
data Tipon-which the calculation is to be made are
all in the possession of the accounting officers.
The amount of interest is to be computed on a.
certain principle, and whether it exceeds or falls
short of $(>,000 is to be a matter of calculation.
But from the time when the principal was paid up
to this time, it is impossible that the interest could
come up to the sum of §6,000. and therefore it is
of very immaterial importance whether the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
be adopted 01-rejected.
i Mr. HALL. I fully agree with the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler,]
that this interest should be paid to the State of
New Hampshire. I have no doubt at all upon
that point. But in the course of my experience
here I have become satisfied that Congress, when
it passes a bill of this sort, should fix definitely the
sum which shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States.
Why, it isin therecollection,doubtless, of every
gentleman here, that only a few years ago we
passed a bill, under which the officers of the Treas-
ury were required to act in the same manner as
they are required to act by this bill—I refer to the
Galphin claim. We all know what an uproar the
allowance made by the officers of the Treasury in
that case created throughout the country. And,
sir, the history of that bill, and the experience we
have had in regard to it, satisfied me that the com-
I j inittees who report these bills ought to adjust the
I' matter, and say what is the precise amount due.
j! [A message was here received from the Presi-
!; dent of the United States.]
ij Mr. H. continued. I am willing to pav the
II whole amount due to the State of New Hamp-
;< shire; but I wish to know, when we pass this
11 bill, how much money we are appropriating out
j of the Treasury. I am not willing to throw open
II the doors of the Treasury just as wide as the ac-
counting officers—no matter how honest and dis-
creet they may be—shall think proper.
Besides all this, the gentlerran from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Peaslee,] who introduced this bill,
and who doubtless understands exactly how much
is due to the State of New Hampshire, himself
proposes this limit of six thousand dollars. He
does not ask us to appropriate any more money
than that; and why should this House be so anx-
ious to grant to the State of New Hampshire more
than "her Representatives ask for ? They say that
six thousand dollars is all they want; but the Ju-
diciary Committee say, we will not put this limit
on their claim, but will let the officers of theTreas-
ury allow as much as they, in the adjudication of
this matter, may think proper.
I understand gentlemen to say that if you retain
this proviso, limiting the amount-to six thousand
dollars, the officer® of the Treasury Department
will be sure to allow that sum. Now, most assu-
redly they will not allow it, if they discharge their
duty, unless they become satisfied that it is due.
I would just as lief say that six thousand dollars
shall be paid to the State of New Hampshire us
not, because I suppose it will amount to about that
sum.
Mr. HEBARD. I have risen to make a simi-
lar suggestion to that made by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] who has just taken his
seat. We have had much experience in this
House in reference to this matter, and I think that
the commitfees, in passing upon these claims,
should take the trouble to ascertain the amount
actually due; should form their own rules of com-
putation, so as to see how much interest ought to
be paid, if a-ny, and report a specific sum in the
bill.
I will not undertake to anticipate what may be
the evils or frauds growing out of any of these
sliding scales or sliding rules of ascertaining the
amounts to be paid out of the Treasury. We
have seen that there has been a great deal of dis-
satisfaction in the country in consequence of the
action of one of the Departments of this Govern-
ment, on account of a law passed in this way.
I hope, therefore, that this bill will not be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, but that it will be re-
ferred back to the committee which reported it.
Mr. PEASLEE, (interrupting.) I wish merely
to remark, that so far as relates to the State of
New Hampshire, we wish for no larger appropri-
ation than the sum mentioned in the bill as that
which shall not be exceeded. I cannot conceive
that it can make any difference, either to the State
of New Hampshire or to the United States, as it
is a mere matter of calculation, whether the pro-
viso is in or not; but we prefer that it should be
in, as $6,000 is about the amount that is expected
to be received.
Mr. HEBARD. I hold that it is a right prin-
ciple, that when a committee undertake to pass
011 a claim, and find that something is due, they
should ascertain exactly how mucn is due, and
recommend the payment of that amount.
I am not arguing against the allowance of this
claim, for I suppose it is a just and equitable one;
but I can see no sort of difficulty in the committee
fixing on the sum to be paid. I understood the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee [Mr.
McLanahan] to say that there were different rules
and modes by which the interest could he compu-
ted, and that remark suggested to my mind the
very great importance of having the proper rule
of computation investigated and laid down by tlie
committee.
Mr. HUNTER, (interposing.) I would sug-
gest to the gentleman, that in almost every in-
j' stance where a bill of this kind has been passed,
it has been found afterwards that the accounting
officers of the Treasury have paid too much.
Now, why cannot we just as well find out the ex-
i act amount that ought to he paid, instead ofthrow-
' ing upon the accounting officers the responsibility
that properly attaches to us ?
Mr. HEBARD. That is precisely what I was
saying. If the House undertake to settle the fact
whether anything is due or not, it is their duty at
the same time, if there is more than one mode of
ascertaining the amount, to fix upon that amount.
I have 110 objection to this particular case; still,
I do not like, any more than other gentlemen
'' do, to see a limit put in the bill beyond which the
j accounting officers are not to go, becausc it is say-
