1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2069
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I will offer it, to
come in at the end of the pending section; which
relates to the judiciary establishment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to decide that it is not in order to come in at the
end of the section now under consideration, be-
cause it is not germane to the subject of that sec-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the Chair allow me
to suggest, that the section under consideration
provides for defraying the expenses of the judici-
ary establishment, and I cannot see why it is not
germane.
The CHAIRMAN. A preceding section pro-
vided for defraying the salaries of the district
judges.
Mr. MARSHALL. I know it would have
more properly come in in the section to which the
clause alludes, but it seems to me that it is suffi-
ciently germane to the section under consideration
to make it in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that his amendment
is perhaps not in order upon another ground: that
amendment reduces the salary of some of these
officers while they are in office.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair must again
remind gentlemen that this debate is not in order.
The Chair has decided that the amendment is not
in order. Does the gentleman appeal ?
Mr. MARSHALL. If my amendment is not
in order as an amendment to the section under
consideration, I will offer it as an independent
section, to come in immediately after the one now
under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that will not change the question of order
in the least. The Chair will again be compelled
to rule it out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Have we not the right
to offer an independent section connected with the
subject of the judiciary?
The CHAIRMAN. A proposition which is
submitted as an amendment to another proposi-
tion under consideration must be germane to that
subject under consideration. Now, we have al-
ready passed that clause in the bill which appro-
priates money to pay the salaries of the district
judges of the United States. We have passed
that point, and are now providing for defraying
the ordinary expenses of the courts. The Chair,
therefore, thinks it is not in order to offer as an
amendment to the section a proposition relating to
the salaries of the judges.
Mr. MARSHALL. I beg respectfully to sub-
mit to the Chair—without intending to appeal
from his decision—whether, when we are consid-
ering the judiciary establishment and the expenses
for that establishment, he will decide that we have
not the right to add an independent section relating
to the salaries of the judicial officers > We have an
appropriation of $70,000 to pay the salaries of the
district judges, and I submit whether we cannot
add a section providing that the minimum salary
shall be $2,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that there is another objection to the amendment
of the gentleman which might be urged against it.
The salaries of some of the judges are more than
$2,000, and we have no right to provide that the
salary of a judge shall be diminished during his
continuance in office.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the Chair will allow
me, my amendment will not be subject to the point i
which the Chair raises. It does not provide for
diminishing the salary of any judge. It only pro-
vides that the salary of no judge shall be less than
$2,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair decides that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in order. Does the
gentleman appeal?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do appeal from the
decision of the Chair ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the committee have not prepared and reported a
bill fixing the salaries of the judges at a sum above
$2,000?
Mr. MARSHALL. They have not.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
submits an amendment to come in at the end of
line five hundred and two—at the end of a section
providing for the ordinary expenses of the supreme
and district courts of the United States. The
amendment is, " provided that the district judges
of the United States shall receive each an annual
salary of not less than $2,000." The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is not in order, because
1 it is not germane to the subject of the section to
which it is offered. From this decision the gen-
tleman from Kentucky appeals, and the question
therefore is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee ?
Mr. MARSHALL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Landry, and Stanton
of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 5G; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called, and the following gen-
tlemen answered to their names:
Messis. Abeterombie, Aiken, Allison, John Applcton,
William Appletou, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly,
Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Bronton, Brigg-:, Brooks, Kur-
I rows, Busby, 13. Cainngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Cald-
! well, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chmch-
j well, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Cullom, Curtis, Daniel, John
' C. Davis, Dean, Dinimick, DiMiey, Dookerv, Eastman,
j EdimitidfOn, Evans, Fieklin, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Thoc J.
' D. Fuller, C*a\lord, Gtddtng**. Goodenoiv, Goodrich, (*or
j man. Hamilton, l^hamG, Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
, Hall, Hawaii, Haven, Hawes, llebard, Hemluoks, Ilenn,
i Holladay, lioMord, Houston, Howard,, John W. Howe, T.
I M. Howe, T.Y. How, rngeisoll, Ive«, Jackson. Jenkins,
I John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geo.
j XV. Jones, J, (SJancyJones, GooigoQ. lung, Prcstou King,
i Laudij, Li'lcbei, Lockh.ut, Ilumphtey 3larslmll, Martin,
j Mason, McLanahan, "YIcMtillm, MeNair, Meade. Millson,
I Mmei, Molonv, John Mooie, Moiehead, Momson, Mm-
j ray, Nabers, Newton, Orr, uutltuv, Andiew Paiker, Nam-
j ucl W. Parker, Penmmaii, Phelps, Riddle, Robbing, lloliie,
SSchermerliorn, Schoolcraft, Seiumimiaker,David L. Sey-
mour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Stanlj,
Benjamin Stanton, Fiedeuck P. Stanton, Hichaid H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stiatton, Stuart, Sutherland,
Tliur&ton, TownMiend, Venable, VValbndge, WaUh, Wat-
kins, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wildnck, and
Woodward.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker
having lesumed the chair, the chairman, (Mr.
Phelps,) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had, accord-
ing to order, under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 196,
makmgappropriattons for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1853, and having found itself
without a quorum, had ordered the roll to be
called, and instructed hiiri to report the facts to the
House, with the names of the absentees, which
are as follows:
Messrs. Chailes Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Hariere, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bissell, Boeock, Bowne, John if. Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
George Fi. Brown, Kuril, Burt, Lewis D. Campbell, Can-
ter, Caskie, Chastain, Chngman, Colcock, Conger, Cott-
man, Darby, George T. Davis, Dawson, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Kdgoiton, Kvvtng, Faulkner, Florence,
Freeman, Hcnrv M. Pullet, Gamble, Gentry, Gihnore,
Gieen, Grey, Grow, Hall, llamniond, Harpei, Hibbard,
Uillyer, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Kulms
Kurt/., Mace, Mann, ICdwatd C. Marshall, McCorkle, Mc-
Donald, Mc.Ci.ueen, Meacham, Miller, Henry 1) Mooie,
Murphy, Olds, Peaslcr, Penn, Perkins, Polk, Porter, Pow-
ell, Price, Raritoul, Reed, Richardson, Robinson, Ro^s,
Ru^eU, Sarkett, Savage, Scudder, Scurry, Snow, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, St. Martin,
Strother, Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, George
W. Thompson, Toombs Tuck, Wallace, Ward, Wash-
burn, Welch, Addison White, Williams, and Yates.
A quorum being now present, the committee
again resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
sustaining the decision of the Chair. The tellers
(Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and Landry)
will resume their places.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes G2, noes 56.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following clause of the bill was then read
by the Clerk:
"For supplying light-houses containing 3,272 lamps with
oil, tnbe-plasscs, wicks, buffskins, whiting, and cotton doth,
transportation and other expenses on the same, and for re-
pairing and keeping m repair the lighting apparatus,
$182,330 ?8. 
Mr. EVANS offered the following amendment:
Add at the end of the above clause the following, viz:
<k And the President is hereby authorized and required
to levy the same light duties and charges upon foreign ves-
sels entering the ports and harbors of the United States, or
passing the light-houses thereof, as are charged by any cor-
poration, or by any foreign Government, to the citizens or
subjects of which such vessels may belong, upon vessels
of The United States. The said money, when so collected,
to be carried into the Treasury, and the amount thereof to
toe reported annually to Congress."
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit whether
that amendment is in order or not?
Mr. EVANS. I propose my amendment to
i come in directly after the first clause of the bill,
relating to light-houses, and it relates exclusively
i to light-house establishments.
| The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
i is, that the amendment is not in order.
! Mr. EVANS. I propose to raise means for
! the support of light-houses. And if it is not in
order, I am not capable of drafting an amend-
i ment that is in order. I hope the Chair will re-
' consider his decision. I think he will come to
i the conclusion that the amendment is in order. If
1 there is any doubt about it, I should like to have
the benefit of that doubt. It would save us a great
deal of money, and it would not interfere with our
i establishments at all.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is still of the
opinion, after an examination of the amendment,
that it is not m order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, requested that the
amendmeut be again read; and it was read accord-
ingiy.
Mr. .TONES. It is clearly out of order. The
j bill under consideration is for appropriating money,
and the proposed amendment is for raising money.
The CHAIRMAN. Such is the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. GORMAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. E^ans] if that is not
the law now >
[Cries of "Order!" " Order !"and " Hear him Is'
" Hear him '"]
Mr. EVANS. It is not; but I cannot explain
it to any extent now.
The CHAIRMAN. Vhe proposition under
consideration is to appropriate money for the pur-
pose of keeping up our light-houses. The prop-
osition submitted by the gentleman from Mary-
land proposes to levy a tax or duty upon foreign
vessels which may enter our ports and pass our
light-houses. The Chair decides that the amend-
ment is not germane to the proposition now be-
fore the committee.
Mr. EVANS. If I modify the amendment so
as to apply this money to the light-house system,
will the Chair then decide it in order? I will make
that modification, if it will obviate the objection of
the chairman.
The CHAIRMAN. That will not alter the
opinion of the Chair.
M r. EVANS. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland has submitted the amendment which has
been reported by the Clerk. The clause under
! consideration provides for the support and repairs
: of light-houses, and the gentleman's amendment
! provides for levying a tax or light money upon
i foreign vessels entering our harbors and passing
' our light-houses. The Chair decides that the
amendment is not germane to the bill, and there-
I fore not in order. From that decision the gentle-
j man from Maryland [Mr. Evans] takes an appeal,
j The question is, 44 Shall the decision of the Chair
I stand as the judgment of the committee?"
! Mr. McCORKLE demanded tellers; which
! were ordered; and Messrs. Mason, and Fuller
! of Maine, were appointed.
I The question was taken, and the tellers report-
] ed—ayes 53, noes 64.
1 So the decision of the Chair was not sustained.
; Mr. EVANS. I request the attention of the
committee to this very important question.
The light-houses of England are under the con-
trol of a corporation known as the Trinity Board.
! The English Government makes no appropriation
out of the National Treasury for the support of
lights, but permits the corporation to farm them
I out to individuals, who, under its direction, col-
; lect its dues and defray the expenses.
I hold in my hand a copy of a correspondence
which took place between our Minister, the Hon.
Abbot Lawrence, and Viscount Palmerston upon
the subject of these light-house dues. I believe
this correspondence has not been yet printed by
order of our Government, but it has been in Eng-
land, and I have thus been enabled to procure it.
I will call the attention of members to certain facts
to be found in that correspondence, and also to
the difference between the English and American
system of maintaining lights, in^ order that they
may perceive the unjust discrimination which is
