1852.
ME CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
28*
ing, by implication, that otherwise they might go
beyond what is just and right.
i hope tiie bill will be.referred back to thg Judi-
ciary Committee, and that they will take the sub-
ject snto their own hands, make their own calcu-
lations, see what is tire exact amount due, and put
it into the bill.
I suppose the claim' is due. I raise no objec-
tion to its merits, although it is true that the State
which I in part represent, has a perhaps equally
meritorious claim, of which we cannot get even
the principal. However, I make no objection to
this bill upon that ground. If it can be ascer-
tained what the precise amount of the claim is, I
shall ha\% no objection to the passage of the bill,
but I hope that it will not pass until a definite
sum can be fixed on,
iTr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think that
the gentlemen who havespofcen upon this subject,
and especially the gentleman fron Missouri, [Mr.
Hall,] have "been a little mistaken in the applica-
tion of their facts. The reference made by the
geutlemdn from Missouri to the <ylebrated Gal-
pliin claim can certainly have no possible applica-
tion to this case, because that was not a case in
which the officers were directed to pay interest,
while this is a case in which it is a simple direction
to pay interest. Nor can there be any difficulty,
or any different modes of calculating the interest,
except m reference to one single point, which is a
legal question that has often been decided by the
courts of the country, and that is, where payments
less than the amount of interest accumulated at
the time, have been made. 1 believe the courts )
generally—I know the courts of my own State— j
have decided that the true way of computing in- '
leiest, is to add the principal and interest together
at the time of payment, subtract the payment, and
then calculate the interest on the remaining amount.
In case the payment was less than the amount of
interest accumulated, then the interest will be to a
certain extent compounded. Now, you ought to
settle the rule whether the interest shall be com-
pounded in that way or not; but when you direct
interest to be paid you ought not to limit it; you
ought to pay the whole amount of interest due, or
else to pay none. I lb ink, therefore, that this
proviso ought to be stricken out.
Mr. PEASLEE, (interrupting.) The limita-
tion was put into the bill by its friends, and I will
state that $6,000 is the utmost amount that can be
rficcivsd.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; if that is the fact,
there is no necessity for the limitation to be in,
but it is the principle for which I contend. If this
interest is due, it ought to be paid in full. You
may, as I said before, settle the rule of computing
the interest, but you ought not to say we will pass
only s6 much and leave the balance unpaid, be-
cause, if you do, it may be the ground of another
claim hereafter for the balance of the interest, if
more shall be found to be due than $6,000.
'* Mr. GIDDINGS. Formerly, it was the prac-
tice of this House in all cases of private claims, to
ascertain the precise amount, and then order the
payment of it; to perform its whole duty and
leave nothing to the Department but the simple
administration of our laws. After that a different
practice prevailed. It was the rule then to lay
down certain definite and distinct principles, and
direct the Department to pay the claims according
to those principles. And recently a still more
latitudinous course has been adopted, that of
ordering the Department to ascertain the amount
due, without any limitation—thus making them
the legislators and the administrators of justice.
Now, if we are to attempt to do anything in
this House upon correct principles, it would be
better to go back at once to its ancient practice of
fixing the precise amount in every case, and direct-
ing the Department to pay that amount. Let us
not throw upon the Department the responsibility
that properly belongs to us.
Now, I am m favor of striking out this proviso
and of so amending the bill as to put in the precise
amount that is to be paid—I care not whether it
be five, six, or seven thousand dollars; and so 1
would do in every case.
I make these remarks in order to call the atten-
tion of the House to the looseness of our legisla-
tion, which is, in fact, becoming alarming. We
are here passing bills without even the responsi-
bility of a report from a committee of the House.
Wq are thrusting our hands into the Treasury,
and throwing the public money broadcast over the I
land. To me it does look alarming; to other gen- j
tlemen it may appear different. But I should pre^,
fer thatnve should return to the former practice of j
the House—perform our own duty distinctly and j
definitely, and-leave it to the Department to per- i
form theirs. . j
The question was then taken on concurring in j
the recommendation of the Judiciary Committee,
to strike out the proviso from the bill; and it was
decided in the negative.
So the proviso was not stricken out.
The bill was then ordered to be laid aside to
be reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
HEIRS OF THOMAS FLETCHER.
The next bill on the calendar was House bill
No. 91, for the relief of the executors and heirs of
Thomas Fletcher, deceased.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HEBARD asked for the reading of the
report of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there was no
report accompanying the bill.
Mr. MASON. That bill was reported from the
Judiciary Committee. It has frequently been re-
ported on favorably before. Unlike the bill just
passed, it asks for no appropriation out of the
Treasury. It is simply for the purpose of en-
abling the heirs and exeitjtors of Fletcher to have
a settlement.
General Fletcher was security for a paymaster
during the late war. The Government, for rea-
sons satisfactory to them, have never proceeded
I to collect any damages for the non-payment of this
bond on the failure of the paymaster for a period of
thirty-odd years. General Fletcher died wealthy,
all his family were wealthy, and the Government
of course had good reaso'ns for not prosecuting
this claim. It was said everywhere that the Gov-
ernment could not have collected it, because the
parties had a good defence, and that they did not,
therefore, choose to incur the expense of a prose-
cution.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I want to ask the
gentleman if there is a suit pending now upon that
bond ?
Mr. MASON. No, because the Attorney Gen-
eral, and all who examined this case, said that it
would be impossible for the Government to recover
the money. The children and heirs of General
Fletcher are, however, kept out of the property
left to them by their father, because the executors I
say that if they settle, they will still be liable to j
this old claim of the Government upon that bond. 1
It amounts to nothing, in reality, but still it oper
ates as an obstacle to a settlement between the i
heirs and executors.
The proof in this case was fully and fairly
made out, to the satisfaction of the committee.
General Fletcher, who was a meritorious officer
in the late war, was a member of this House after
this bond was held against him. This paymaster
failed at a time when the Government was in em-
! barrassed circumstances, and when many of these
' paymasters failed. The fact is, that this paymas-
ter did pay over the money, but his vouchers were |
lost. By order of Major General Harrison, he j
put them on board of a vessel to carry them across j
the lake, and the vessel was lost; but the parties j
have now sufficient proof to defend the case, if it;
should ever be prosecuted. But it never will be j
prosecuted, and the only effect of holding this bond
Mr. GIDDINGS. ■ I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from- Kentucky if there has ever" ,
been a written report in this case ?—'if fhe facts
have ever been reported to the House by any com-
mittee ?
Mr, MASON. I understand that they have «
'been reported twice; but I will now give; way to
the gentleman who reported this bill. ' «
Mr. BRAGG. The facts of the case are all set
forth in the petition of these parties, and if the
Clerk will read the petition, the House will see the
precise character of the case.
This bill was reported by me under instructions
from the Committee on the' Judiciary, because the ,
committee thought that there ought to be some
limit placed upon the time that this Government
should be allowed to bring suit against these par-
ties. This difficulty occurred in the year 1816.
The Government instituted suit against the exec-
utors of Fletcher, the security oil the bond; and
when that suit was called, the Government, for
reasons satisfactory to the Attorney of the United
States, took a nonsuit in the case. That was
thirty-five years ago. They have never instituted
another suit upon the bond; and the object of this
bill is simply to enable the heirs of Fletcher to
have a settlement with th« executors. The com-
mittee were of the opinion that, as the Govern- •
ment instituted a suit upon the bond, and had
taken a nonsuit thirty-five years ago, and no pro-
ceeding had been taken since that time for the re-^w
covery of the claim, that the parties now ought *
to be released from all claims on the part of the
Government.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. 1 would like to ask
the gentleman if there was any petition brought at
the time the suit was instituted ?
•Mr. BRAGG. Yes,sir.
Mr. HOWE. Well, 1 will not take up the
time of the House further than to say that if this
Government will permit any claim to run on for
thirty-five years without pressing the suit, and
without ascertaining whether it can be collected or
not, I am prepared,, so far as I am concerned,
to release the parties from all further obligations
to the Government. If these are the facts of the
case, it is all I desire to know in relation to it. #I
hope the committee will release the parties from
the bond. .
[Cries of " Question!" Question !"]
The question was then taken, and the committee
ordered the bill to be laid aside and reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JAMBS LEWIS.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 92, being a bill for the re-
lief of James Lewis.
The bill was read through.
Mr. YENABLE. Mr. Chairman,. that is a
case where the claim is manifestly a'just one
The facts in relation to it are these: the Govern-
ment, desiring to have the testimonyof this man
Lewis; he was taken into custody at the Sandwich
Islands; was confined, placed on board a vessel,
and brought to Norfolk; and not being able to give
security for his appearance at court as a witness,
was there kept in confinement until the case was
tried, and hehad given in his testimony. He sim-
ply asks pay as a witness. I will furtherremark,
that this is the third or fourth time—I think the
third that this case has been reported on. It was
reported upon favorably by the committee which
had it in charge the first session of the last Con-
and again at the last session. I have ex-
over the heirs, is to prevent them from obtaining : f^jXelse minutely, and I have no doubt, in
a settlement with the executors. The Govern- i ammeu tne case minu _ ,  ;J
ment is not interested in this matter; nobody—
besides the heirs—is interested in it, except the
executors, and they are willing to have a settle-
ment, provided this bill is passed
Mr KUHNS. What is the date of the bond ? j
Mr. MASON. 1814. . ]
Mr. KUHNS, When did the breach occur m j
the bond r
Mr. MASON. There was no breach m it. i
The accounts of this paymaster have never been j
settled at the Treasury Department. But these |
parties have a defence which would protect them
whenever the Government brought suit against
them which they never have done, and never !
mv own mind, that the claim ought to be paid.
He was taken, as I remarked, in the Sandwich
Islands, by order of the Government of the Uni-
ted States. He was brought here, and .detained
in confinement until the case in which his testi-
mony was desirable was tried; and upon being
discharged, he comes here and asks the same pay
that is allowed to any other person under similar
circumstances.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, whether Lewis asks
his pay as a witness, and n'othing else?
Mr. YENABLE. Simply as a witness. He
brings no claim for anything else.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has a report ever been made
WMr KUHNS. It seems, then, to be an aban-; j uP^rU«^BLE_ It hasbeen reported on two
^°Mr. MASON. It is an abandoned claim. ii or three times, and reported upon favorably.
