1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
and 1847. I will briefly state the reasons hich in-
duce me to make this motion at this time.
By the mail this morning, I received a letter
from Colonel John C. Fremont, late a member of j
this body, dated London, April 13, 1852, in which
he states, that on the evening of the 8th instant,
as he was stepping into a carnage with his family,
to visit a friend, he was arrested by a party of
four Bow street officers, who were of a low order,
rude and insolent; that they were accompanied by
a solicitor's clerk of the same character. No time
was allowed him to collect information, or have
intercourse with his friends; he was simply in-
formed that he was arrested, at the suit of un- l
known parties, for the sum of §50,000; that he j
subsequently ascertained that he was arrested on I
liabilities connected with his military operations j
in California during the years 1846 and 1847; that
he was confined under lock and key for twenty-!
four hours, subjected to the most exorbitant ex-
tortions. He also says, that he will be compelled
to maintain an expensive law suit, employ soli-
citors and able counsel, and go through all the
anxiety, delays, arid incidental expenses of the
law, or pay §50,000. He further says, he has
reason to believe that this suit will be followed by
many others for large amounts beyond his ability
to give security, thus permanently endangering
his personal liberty.
I have reason to believe that the whole proceed-
ing was unusual, and such as could not have hap-
pened to an Englishman of character; and that it
is considered by American citizens, resident in
London, conversant with the circumstances, not
only an outrage to Colonel Fremont, but disre-
spectful to our Government.
I am requested by Colonel Fremont to bring
the subject to the notice of Congress; and in doing
so, I make this appeal to the Senate to take up
the bill i have indicated and act upon it. The
subject of these claims was thoroughly examined
by the Senate three years ago; and n bill, reported
by Mr. Cass, chairman of the Committee on
Military A (fairs, was passed, providing for the
creation of a Board of Commissioners to examine
these claims, and appropriating $700,000 for their
payment. In the House this Senate bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, which
reported a substitute providing for a Board, and
appropriating half a million of dollars; but it was
not acted on, owing to difficulties about our terri-
torial acquisitions, which obstructed most of the
legislation at the close of that session.
I brought this subject to the attention of the
Senate at the last session, and again at an eaily
period in this session. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have reported a bill, which 1 wish
may he taken up now, that we may act upon it,
so that we may relieve Colonel Fremont from his
unpleasant situation. I therefore move that all
previous orders be postponed for the purpose of
considering the bill to create a Board of Commis-
sioners for the examination and payment of claims
against the United States, growing out of the con-
quest of California.
Mr. BORLAND. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is not now present,
and i think it is very important that he should be
present when this bill is taken up for consider-
ation. Nor can I see that there is any necessity
for proceeding at this time to its consideration, for
it cannot, in my opinion, afford the immediate
relief that Colonel Fremont's situation seems to
require.
Mr. HALE. I am told that the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs is within the
Capitol, in the library room, and I hope he may
be called for.
Mr. GWIN. T desire that he may he sent for.
Mr. Shields having arrived, the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to its consideration as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill, as it was originally introduced by Mr.
Gavin, proposed to authorize the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint three disinterested per-
sons to act as commissioners in California to as-
certain and pay all proper, reasonable, and just
claims and demands against the Government of
the United States, growing out of the conquest of
California by the American volunteers, army and
naval forces, the military occupation thereof by
the conquerors, and the administration of the civil
government thereafter established. The bill fur-
ther provides that the persons appointed as com-
missioners should be sworn or affirmed; that they
should not be interested m any claim which they
would have to examine and allow; that they should
appoint a clerk, keep a record of their proceedings,
and return a duplicate thereof to the War Depart-
ment; that they should take testimony on oath for
or against any claim when deemed necessary;
that they should have power to send for persons
and papers,and should allow or disallow theclaims
in whole or in part, according to the justice of the
case. The bill further provides that the troops
enlisted or enrolled in California and employed
there should be paid as volunteer mounted rifle-
men, finding their own horses or forage, and that
they should have all the benefits of the acts of
Congress in favor of the troops engaged in the
war with Mexico. The Board, it was provided,
should give three months^publicnoticeof the times
and places at which they would sit; and all claims
not presented within twelve months from its first
sitting, should be deemed and held to be unfounded
and unjust, and should be forever barred; pro-
vided, however, that such time might be extended
by the President of the United States for twelve
months. The decisions of the majority of the
Board were to be final, and should authorize a cer-
tificate to be issued to the claimant for the immedi-
ate payment of the amount allowed, by some dis-
bursing offieer'to be appointed by the President of
the United States. Provision was also made for
the payment of salaries to the members of the
Board, which were not to exceed in the aggregate,
in full for all traveling expenses of each or other
allowances, the sum of $5,000 per annum. The
remuneration of the clerk was limited to $4,000,
and that of witnesses to the amounts established
by law to witnesses in attendance upon the dis-
trict courts of the State of California.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and by that committee it was re-
ported back with an amendment, striking out of
the original bill all after the enacting clause, and
inserting a substitute, providing that the troops en-
listed or enrolled in California, under the direction
of the military and naval officers, should be paid
as volunteer mounted riflemen, finding their own
horses and forage, and that they should have all
the benefits of all acts of Congress in favor of
troops engaged in the war with Mexico. It fur-
ther directed the Secretary of War to ascertain,
by the agency of three competent officers, and re-
port to Congress, on the second Monday m Jan-
uary, 1853, the amount of all just cUims and de-
mands for supplies furmshed or services rendered
to those troops, and moneys advanced for their
support, and all other debts and liabilities con-
tracted with a view to the active prosecution of
hostilities by those troops. The substitute pro-
vided further that the sum of $10,000 be appro-
priated for the expenses of the examination of the
claims, including such allowances to the officers of
the Board as the Secretary of War should consider
proper.
Mr, GWIN. I propose to offer a substitute for
the bill reported by the Commiitee on Military
Affairs. I retain in my proposed substitute the
first section as it is reported with regard to the pay-
ment of the troops. I have changed the second
section, so as to make it more simple and effective.
I therefore move to strike out the second section,
and insert what I send to the Secretary.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmermi in Congress assem-
bled, That the troops enlisted or enrolled in California,
under the direction of the mihtniv and naval officers, shall
be paid as volunteer mounted riflemen, finding their own
hordes and foiaue, and shall have all the benefits of all
acH of Congress in favor of troops engaged in the war with
Mexico.
Sjie. 2.' J3nd be U further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be directed to ascertain and report to Congress, as soon
a;?! practicable, the amount of all unpaid claims and demands
for Mipplies furnished or sei vices rendered to said troops,
and moneys advanced for their support, and all other debts
and liabilities contracted with a view to the active prosecu-
tion of hostilities by said troop*, which mav be or have
been presented to any officer of ihe United States or De-
partment of the Government of the United States, together
with such evidence to sustain them as may he submitted to
him or those charged by him with the investigation of those
claims in support thereof.
Mr. GWIN. My object is to do away with
the Board of Commissioners, for this reason:
There are officers connected with the Paymaster's
and Quartermaster's Department, who can be
ordered forthwith to report to the Secretary of
War. These officers understand the.terms neces-
sary to present the claims properly, and they
know the kind of evidence which is proper to be
received m order to sustain any claim. Besides,
I am anxious that the claims shall be acted upon
speedily by Congress. I understand that the
Secretary of War can obtain the information
without the aid of a Board of Commissioners.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 was not in the Chamber
when this measure was called up this morning,
and did not expect that I should be called on to
meet the case; 1 am not, therefore, very well pre-
pared to understand the lengths to which this
amendment may go. I understand very well the
original bill, or rather the bill which was reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs; and I
think I can understand how far that may go,
and what it was intended to accomplish. I, for
one, regard it as a very liberal measure in relation
to California—-extremely so. We found great
difficulty in the Committee on Military Affairs to>
devise any plan to meet this particular case;
and, up to the present session, there was a total
refusal on its part to act on the subject. As I
understand, the difficulty is to separate those cases
which are fair, just, and equitable, and make an
appropriation for them, from whai we regard as
the numerous spurious claims which have been
hatched up somehow or other in California. We
could get no information from the Department on
the subject, for it had none in its possession,
except an immenseamount of reclamations against
the Department for services rendered to the troops,
for provisions, and for various services rendered,
as the claimants assert, to the Government, in
what is termed the "conquest of California."
We finally concluded that the best plan would be
to authorize the War Department to select three
competent officers; and as these officers would be
the best judges of what was absolutely necessary
and essential during the military service in Cali-
fornia, they were to determine who were the per-
sons actually called out by those in command,
what serYices they rendered, how long they were
on service, and when discharged; and, further, to
pay them for the timeand service rendered. These
officers were to ascertain: First, who rendered
service to the Government; and next, what the
amount of the service was before any claim was
paid. We cannot venture to legislate on this
subject, in my opinion, before we settled those
points.
Mr. GWIN. That is provided in the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator says
that provision is contained in the amendment. The
first section of the substitute offered by the Sena-
tor is exactly similar, it is true, to the first section
of the bill reported from the committee; but here
is the difference: in our amendment we propose to
appoint a 44 Board," to examine into the claims,
and in his bill there is no Board mentioned.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, I
will say that the Secretary of War has the power
to establish a 44 Board," in both cases. The only
difference is, that my substitute simplifies the
proposition of the committee, and while it gives
the Secretary of War the power of appointing a
" Board," consisting of more than three persons,
if he chooses; if he should prefer, he can also col-
lect the information through the officers of the
Quartermaster's and Paymaster's Departments,
if, in his judgment, the appointment of a 44 Board"
of three officers were unnecessary to promote the
public interests.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will again ask the honor-
able Senator a question. Does he intend, by this
amendment, that the Secretary of War shall pay
these claims, before making a report to Congress ?
Mr. GWIN. Certainly not. He must first
report
Mr. SHIELDS. Then the bill does not give
the Secretary one particle of power that he does
not possess at this moment. He has now power
to receive evidence, and lay the whole matter be-
fore Congress. Does the Senator know that the
Committee on Military Affairs has the whole
subject before it now, precisely in the shape con-
templated by him? The claims against the Gov-
ernment; the amount of the claims; the persons
who make the claims; together with the relative
amounts far money, provisions, cattle, services,
and so forth—all are before the committee. "And
