2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
made against American commerce and American
shipping.
We, as everybody knows, make appropriations
out of the Treasury of-something like a million of
dollars annually for the erection and maintenance
of light-houses, and then throw them open free to
all the world. English vessels arrive at and de-
part from our ports and harbors free and untaxed.
In return, what treatment have our ships in
English harbors? Every American mail steamer
entering at Liverpool pays for light dues sixty-two
pounds for each voyage. If we charged the Eng-
lish steamers at the same rates, we should collect
from them annually no less a sum than three
thousand two hundred and twenty-four pounds,
(^3,224.) The two steamers, the Washington and
Hermann, running from New York to Bremen,
touching only at Southampton, have paid in a sin-
gle year, <€800, including the charges for the Hel-
igoland light, which, Mr. Lawrence says he is in-
formed, those steamers have never seen.
Thi3 Heligoland light, i hove been informed, is
the property of two English ladies, of a wealthy
family, who reap its revenues.
One commercial house in New York, says Mr.
Lawrence, running sixteen ships between that
port, Liverpool, and London, paid in a single year
.£2,498 for light-house charges; about $12,000.
.Another American shipping house paid for lights
in 1846 <£2,252, or about $11,000. Mr. Lawrence
further remarks, that—
" Within ten years past the shipping of the United States
has contributed upon 7.879 vessels, the aggregate tonnage
of which was over 4,681,925, the immense sum of two
hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds sterling, or over
$1,000,000, for th'c support of the light-house system of
the United Kingdom."
He continues—
"During the last year, (1850,) there appears to have been
levied upon the shipping of the world lor the light dues
of the United Kingdom, between .£400,000 and £500,0^0.
Of this one fourteenth part was paid hy emzens of the
United States; while British subjects, with a fleet doubtless
equally large in the ports of the United Stales, have not
been t.ixed at all for the maintenance of lights. The Gov-
ernment of the United States, m view of its liberality, is
justified in asking Her Majesty's Government to do away
with tins great inequality, and remove this restriction on
commerce."
Enough of these quotations, for I shall print
the whole correspondence between Mr. Lawrence
and Lord Palmerston, and I trust that it may be
widely read.
These, then, are the unjust differences made be-
tween the treatment of American ships in English
waters, and of English ships in American waters.
It amounts to a discrimination in ten years of
01,100,000 against our commerce. Moreover, the
discrimination is odious; for 1 have heard, and I
believe, that the whole amount thus collected by
British corporations, is not necessary for the sup-
port of their lights, but that a large portion of it
goes to pamper and support particular families,
pensioners, and others. It is high time that this
pitiful system was changed for the better; and the
tone of argument and curtness of final action made
use of by Viscount Palmerston, renders this a
very necessary way of retaliating, and thus either
of compelling an abandonment by the English of
their unjust system, or, if that cannot be done, of
compelling British ships to pay towards the sup-
port of our light-houses the same amount that our
ships pay towards the support of their light-houses.
That ip fair and just, and must be brought about.
Neither is this any time for continuing special
favors and immunities to British shipping. We
have lately beheld upon our northeastern frontier
a British squadron, with little or no notice, seize,
capture, and confiscate the vessels of our hardy
fishermen. Britain had doubtless forgotten the
immunity from light charges and light dues which
we, with unexampled generosity, have so long
granted to her shipping on our waters; but I, sir,
am now disposed to remind her of it, and to con-
vince her, by thus putting her vessels and our own
upon the same footing—by this act of just retalia-
tion—that we accord favors only when they are
generously returned, and that we can withdraw
them when they are abused to our own injury.
Sir, there is no reason that I know of why this
amendment should not be adopted. It provides
only that a foreign ship shall pay for the support
of lights in our waters the same amount that our
ships pay for (he sam^ purposes in foreign waters.
Why a cotton ship from Charleston, or a mer-
chant ship from New York, should be paying
hundreds of dollars in England for lights, while
English ships pay nothing at Charleston or New
York, is beyond my conjecture. X trust that the
adoption of this measure may at least induce the
British Government to support its own lights, as
we support our lights; or, if that purpose fail, this
at least we shall gain—we will put our commerce
upon an equality with theirs as respects charges,
and shall derive a large revenue from their ship-
ping for the support of our lights. I subjoin the
correspondence:
mr. lawrence to yiscount palmerston.
" United States Legation, )
" 138 Piccadilly, December 31, 1850. $
" The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States of
America, has the honor, under instructions from
his Government, to invite the attention of Viscount
Palmerston, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs, to the subject of the
light dues exacted of the mercantile marine of the
United States entering the ports of the United
Kingdom.
"It is nearly two years since Her Majesty's
Governmentdetermined to respond to theinvitation
of the United States, made to the world many years
ago, and recommend Parliament to repeal the pro-
hibitory navigation laws of the kingdom; and the
commerce of the two nations has been conducted
for now just one year, on the reciprocal basis es-
tablished in accordance with such recommenda-
tion. The United States ask Great Britain to
carry out this principle; to establish reciprocity in
fact, as well as in name—to do justice to the com-
merce of the United States.
"The light-houses, floating-lights, buoys, and
beacons on the whole sea and lake coast, and riv-
ers of the United States, were constructed and
are maintained by the Federal Government, an
annual appropriation being made by Congress for
these objects. No light dues of any kind are
levied, either on vessels of the United States or on
ships of foreign nations. In the year 1792, there
were but ten lights in the Union. In the year
1848, there were two hundred and seventy light-
houses, thirty floating-lights, one thousand buoys,
besides numerous fixed beacons. There are prob-
ably at this time, including those under construc-
tion on the Pacific coast, more than three hundred
light-houses, with a proportionate number of
floating-lights, buoys,&c., all of which are given
to the use of the world by the United States,
without tax or charge.
" The commerce of the United States is not met
with a corresponding liberality in the ports of the
United Kingdom. The reciprocity intended to be
established by the navigation law of last year, and
so much to be wished for between the two greatest
commercial nations of the globe, will not be realized
if American tonnage continues to be subjected to
onerous light duties in Great Britain, while Brit-
ish vessels enjoy, without pay, the lights, &c.,
upon the coast of the United States.
" The undersigned is not unaware that the sys-
tem of light dues in this country is somewhat
complicated; but he believes that as reforms have
been made in many other laws and customs adopted
in former ages under a different state of society,
so changes can be made in these, adapting them
more to the present condition of the world, and to
the liberal policy of other nations.
" In the illustration of the onerous and unequal
operation of the present system of lights in Great
Britain upon American commerce, the undersigned
has the honor to ask Viscount Palmerston's at-
tention to a few examples.
" The American mail steamers entering at Liv-
erpool pay for light dues the sum of <£62Yor each
voyage. If the British steamers were subjected to
the same charge in American ports, it would
amount annually to the great sum of <£3,224. Two
steamers, the Washington and Hermann, return-
ing from New York to Bremen, and touching on
the way at Southampton, paid last year light dues
to the amount of ^800, including the charges for
the Heligoland light; which the undersigned is
informed they have never seen. The steamer
Franklin,running between New York and Havre,
and touching at Cowes, but without anchoring,
merely to land its mails, has been subjected to
light dues; which have been paid by order of the
Trinity House, but under protest of the consignees.
One commercial house in New York, running six-
teen ships between that port, Liverpool, and Lon-
don, paid last year for such dues <=£2,498 3s. 6tZ.
Another American shipping house paid for lights
in 1849 the sum of <£2,252.
" The undersigned will not multiply individual
examples of the amount of this tax. The number
of American ships that entered the ports of the
United Kingdom for nine months, ending October
1, 1850, was 602, with a tonnage of 473,900. If
one third be added for the last quarter of a year,
the total will be 752 ships, and about 600,000 tons,
being an average of nearly 800 tons to each ship.
Assuming this calculation to be substantially cor-
rect, it appears from the trade list that 3,909
American vessels have entered the ports of the
United Kingdom in the last four years, with a ton-
nage of 2,422,492. During the last ten years the
number of American vessels entered into the United
Kingdom has been 7,872, with an aggregate of
4,681,925 tons.
" The light dues are not the same in all the
ports of the United Kingdom. The rate at Liver-
pool is 10gd. or lid.; whereas in London«the
charge is J 3d. per ton. If the average is taken at
Is. per ton, a ship of 800 tons would pay <£40,
and 752 ships, with 600,000 tons register, would
pay about =£30,000, or $146,000 annually, and it
is not probable that the amount of tonnage will
decrease in coming years; 3,909 American ships
must have paid, with a tonnage of 2,422,492, the
sum of <^121,000, or nearly $600,000. And within
ten years last past, the shipping of the United
States has contributed upon 7,872 vessels, the ag-
gregate tonnage of which was 4,681,925, the im-
mense sum of <€234,000, or over $1,100,000, for
the support of the light-house system of the Uni-
ted Kingdom.
"During the last year, there appears to have
been levied upon the shipping of the world, for
the light dues of the United Kingdom, between
<£400,000 and -€500,000. Of this, one fourteenth
part was paid by citizens of the United States;
while British subjects, with a fleet doubtless
equally large in the ports of the United States,
have not been taxed at all for the maintenance of
lights. The Government of the United States, in
view of its liberality, is justified in asking Her
Majesty's Government to do away with this great
inequality, and remove this restriction on com-
merce.
" The undersigned believes that no other nation
levies so heavy a tax upon ships, in the form of
light dues, as this. There are in the United States
many more light-houses, &c., than in the United
Kingdom; yet the annual appropriation for the
construction of new, the repair of old light-houses,
and the maintenance of both, does not equal one
fifth of the annual amount raised for this purpose
in the United Kingdom by the tax on the ship-
ping coming into its ports.
"In conclusion, the undersigned, on behalf of
his Government, expresses the wish that tier
Majesty's Government may take this grave sub-
ject into consideration; that it may speedily set
free American shipping from so unequal and so
onerous a restriction; that it may complete its
great measures for commercial freedom, and may
thus increase still more the intercommunication
which is already producing such happy results.
"The undersigned, &c.,
"ABBOTT LAWRENCE.55
viscount palmerston to mr. lawrence.
" Foreign Office, February 6, 1851.
"The undersigned, &c., has the honor to in-
form Mr. Lawrence, &c., that her Majesty's Gov-
ernment has had under its consideration the note
which Mr. Lawrence addressed to the undersigned
on the 31st of December, complaining that heavy
light dues are levied on American shipping m the
ports of the United Kingdom, whilst no dues of
the same kind are charged upon British ships fre-
quenting the ports of the United States; and Mr.
!Lawrence says that he is instructed by his Gov-
ernment to request that measures may be taken
in order that American vessels may enjoy in Brit-
ish ports, in regard to exemption both from light
dues and other similar charges, the same advant-
ages which British vessels enjoy in the ports of the
United States.
"In reply, the undersigned has the honor to
state, that the difference between the treatment of
British vessels in American ports, and that of
American vessels in British ports, in regard to
