1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
why not legislate on it now?" What we want
to do is to separate the just from the spurious and
fraudulent claims. How is that to be done by
the Senator's bill? He asks us to gather up all
these claims, and bring them into Congress for us
to fight them out here.
We have now an immense bundle of papers be-
fore that committee, embracing claims for provis-
ions, claims for money, claims for military ser-
vice, for horses boughtand sold, for horses lost
and killed. All these are now before the commit-
tee.
Now, what I want the gentleman to do—and
mark, I am m favor of the general object sought,
as much as the gentleman himself is, and the Sen-
ator from California knows this, for i have urged
it from the very commencement—what! want is,
a plan upon which 1 have acted at the suggestion of
the War Department, and in regard to which the
Committee on Military Affairs are unanimously
agreed, and which is to select three competent
officers. I have very little confidence in Boards
of Commissioners which may be established. I
have had sufficient evidence to satisfy my mind
that they are not to be relied on.
We concluded that the cheapest way, and that
which would be most easily accomplished, would
be to appoint three competent officers here in the
city of Washington, to determine what are the
peculiar claims that should be paid, and that those
which cannot be determined in Washington, shall
be examined by the officers going to California,
and determined there, and then bring before Con-
gress, not the whole of these claims, but so many
as are just and ought to be paid, and then let Con-
gress act upon their report. I am perfectly will-
ing, if the gentleman will show me a quicker or
better method of settling these claims, to adopt
that method. But so far as the substitute of the
Senator is concerned, if I understand it, there is
no provision in it which gives the Department
any authority which they have not now under the
law.
" Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be
directed to ascertain, and report to Congress as soon as
practicable, all the unpaid claims and demands."
He has reported all that he has been able to as-
certain already.
"For supplies furnished and services rendered to said
troops, and moneys advanced lor then support," &c.
The object of this is merely to get a report fiom
the War Department of all the claims against the
Government. It accomplishes nothing. It does
not authorize their payment; it leaves the whole
matter for Congress to act upon when this inform-
ation is received. I will therefore ask, if the
gentleman objects to the bill as reported by the
committee, that he will examine the report from
the War Department, which embraces all that he
asks for.
Mr. GWIN. I have very little choice about
the form in which this matter is accomplished.
My great objection is, that the mode proposed by
the committee requires the appointment of a Board
of Commissioners. I am perfectly confident that
the War Department has refused to report on
many claims which I have presented there.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will answer the Senator,
because, I presume, he only wants to accomplish
the same object as desired by the committee, and
to do it fairly and honestly. I have contemplated
an amendment to enable these three officers, when
selected here by the Department and the Secretary
of War, to sit in Washington and determine be-
fore they set out for California, what bills should
be drawn and moneys paid. Now, I would ask if
that is not a speedier mode of accomplishing this
object, than the one proposed by the Senator? If
I were not called on to act so suddenly, I should
have reported that amendment in connection with
the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I was not aware of that fact.
Let the Senator prepare his amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As the morning hour is
about to expire, and as the Senator from Illinois
is to prepare an amendment, I think it would be
better to allow this bill to lie over until to-morrow,
as my colleague has the floor to-day on the subject
of non-intervention.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want to have it out of the
way; I therefore move to recommit the bill, to-
gether with the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill so re-
committed.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolutions submitted by Mr. Clarke, re-
affirming the doctrine of non-intervention; the
pending question being on the amendment sub- i
mitted by Mr. Cass.
Mr. COOPER addressed the Senate upwards of
two hours and a half. [His speech will be found
in the A ppendix.]
Mr. WADE. I desire to make some observa-
tions upon the matters now under consideration.
I will move, therefore, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject, until such time as shall
be thought proper by the Senate. I do not wish
to interfere with any of the practical business that
is pressing on the attention of the Senate.
Several Senators suggested to-morrow (Thurs-
day) week.
Mr. WADE. I move, then, to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row week.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ;
Wednesday, Jlpril '28, 1852. i
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
Mr. OLDS. I ask my colleague to withdraw
the motion in order to enable me to introduce a
resolution calling on the President for informa-
tion.
Mr. CABLE. I will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
THE HARGOUS AND GARDINER CLAIMS.
Mr. OLDS then presented the following resolu-
tions; which were read by the Clerk for informa-
tion, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to this House, if not deemed incompati-
ble with the public interest, a copy ofsuch repott,or repoits,
as may have been received bj the Government from Mr.
George Slacum, the agent dispatched to Mexico to investi-
gate the merits of the Hatjjous, the Gardiner, the Meais,
and other elanns against Mexico, allowed and parsed by
the late Board of Commi:>Noners upon the claims against
the Mexican Government, and a copy also of all reports or
dispatches upon the same subject which may have been
received fiom Mr. Letcher, the Minuter oi the United
States at the city of Mexico, or from any member of that
Minister's legation.
Resolved, also, That the President communicate such
official information as he may have received of the eaute
of tiie long delay of the criminal court of the District of
Columbia in bringing to trial Dr George A. Gardiner, who,
many months ago was airested and held to bail m the sum
of $10,000 upon a charge of perjury m the mattei of obtain-
ing an awaid of$i28,7oO out of the Treasury of the Cmted
States.
Resolved, also, That the President inform the House
whether ha-s any official information that either of the
Cabinet Mmisteis received, for professional services, and
for moneys advanced, any portion of the so-called Gardi-
ner's award.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman can get that
information personally, if he will apply to the
President. This is a matter of judicial investiga-
tion, and I do not think this House should go into
it. I can be prepared to answer a portion of the
questions, if the gentleman desires it, and I shall
be happy to do so; but I do not think it is the
business of the House to interfere with the judi-
cial department of the Government.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman objects, I cannot
offer it, as a matter of course.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish it to be distinctly un-
derstood that I object to it only because it is a
matter which the House has no right to investi-
gate. The language of the resolution calls for in-
formation which it would be incompatible with the
public interest to communicate.
Mr. OLDS. Well, I suppose it will be entered
upon the Journal from whom this objection comes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk procure for the use of the mem-
bers a sufficient number of revolving chairs, of the stjle
and description of those occupied by the Clerk and his as-
sistants.
Mr. WOODWARD. I willrenmrk, iftiie House
will indulge me, that the expense of repairing the
old chairs we have in use is more than the interest
upon the money it would require to purchase new
ones.
Mr. STANLY. The position of all parties at
present is revolving enough anyhow. I object.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HASCALL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present two petitions—one from
the citizens of Albany, and one from the citizens
of Genesee county, praying that an act may be
passed to protect patentees against infringers of
patents from Canada; and move that the petitions
be referred to the Committee on Patents, with in-
structions to report a bill in pursuance of the prayer
of the petitioners.
Mr. CABLE. I object, if it is to go with in-
structions; and renew the motion to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. HASCALL. Then I ask that it be referred
| without instructions.
j Mr. CABLE. I have no objection to that.
! The petitions were then received, and accord-
i ingly referred.
Mr. BRIGGS. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. McNAIIt. I osk the unanimous consent
of the House to present a memorial, signed by
Charles Greenawalt and two hundred and fifty-
eight other citizens, in favor of a modification of
i the bounty land act of 1850, so as to give each
| benefited by said act and the seamen and marines
j who served" in the war of 1812 not less than one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object, and renew
the motioh that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and there were—ayes 72,
noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Jones, of Tennessee, and
Clingman, were appointed.
The question was then again put, and the tellers
' ■ reported—ayes 89, noes 13; still no quorum voting.
!i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
!j and nays; which were ordered; and being taken,
ji the result was—ve s 108, nays 14.
| So the motion was agreed to.
jj HOMESTEAD BILL.
11 The House accordingly resolved itself into the
|j Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j; (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
!; The CHAIRMAN stated, as the first business
' in order, House bill No. 7, being a bill for the
11 encouragement of agriculture, commerce, manu-
i; factures, and for other purposes, upon which the
j; gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown-] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, claimed to be
!. among the earliest and most steadfast friends of
h the wise and humane policy of providing homes
/ for the homeless. His mind was not only clear,
!' but free from the shadow of doubt, as to the consti-
j! tutional power to pass such a law. The power was
,, in express terms, and nothing is left to implica-
j: tion. He then proceeded to show how the interests
; of the entire country would be benefited by the
!: measure, and the moral, social, and political con-
! dition of the people improved. He answered some
;■ of the objections which had been urged against the
adoption of such a policy, and explained the pro-
, visions of a substitute which lie intended to offer
; to the bill under consideration. He regarded the
present preemption system as a curse to the set-
tler. How manv persons would accept the bounty
. proposed by this bill he could not say; but that
■ many will, he had no doubt. He warned its
i friends, in conclusion, that it is an old trick when
i the enemies of a measure cannot openly fight it,
they attack it in ambuscade. Many bills are killed
' in this way; and the hands thus employed ran no
] more be seen than that which struck Billy Patter-
| son. One ofthe modes is by going into committee
; upon a bill. The yeas and nays are not taken in
committee, and, as a consequence, there is no record
and no responsibility. When an amendment is
offered in good faith, much the greater portion ^of
! members make it appear ridic'uldus. Thfc qaes-
