1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Mr. GOODENOW. He was employed as a I
day laborer, and received a per diem compensation; !
but he was employed during the whole time at
the navy-yard, whenever his services were re-
quired by the Government.
Mr. SACKETT. Although, Mr. Chairman,
this case hiay be one recommending itself very
strongly to the sympathies of- this House, and to
the sympathies of the country, it would, I think,
open too wide the doors, to begin to grant a man
a pension in cases of this character. It seems that
the claimant was in the employment of the Gov-
ernment upon day wages; that he remained in
■that employment'a very considerable portion of
his life; that misfortune overtook him, and, after
a period of suffering for two or three years, he
a bill, they are certain to come up to the maximum.
There may be some particular cases where it is
well enough to leave the whole matter to the ac-
counting officer of the Treasury. There may be
cases in which, while the cgmmittee are aware
that semething is due, yet it is impossible for them
to determine the amount without a cross examina-
tion in the case. It is well in such cases to refer
the matter to the accounting officer of the Treas-
ury, with authority to take testimony, so that it
can examine witnesses upon the part of the Gov-
ernment as well as upon the part of the individual.
But in every case where the facts of the case can
be fairly ascertained, I think they ought to be re-
ported to the House. I think the committee
should' report the amount which they believe to
be due, and recommend that it be paid. It seems ' died. Now, if we are to grant a pension in every
that in this case the facts were known, but the | case of this kind, we shall find the calendar full
committee did not take the responsibility of report- 1 of such claims. Although this case enlists our
ing any particular sum to the House. I shall vote sympathies very strongly, yet, it seems to me
for referring this bill back to the Committee on that it will not do for the Government to under-
Naval Affairs, to ascertain the amount to be paid; take to open its doors to pensioners of this char-
and we can then judge of the propriety of paying acter. j.
;t. Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will say, m
Mr. J. W. HOWE. Some minutes since I reference to this matter, that it is a very peculiar
proposed to offer an amendment, which was case; and if the granting of pensions were confined
* ruled out of order on the ground that the gentle- to cases only of this character, I do not think it
man from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] had moved to would open the door too wide. Here is a man
refer it back to the committee, which motion took who was engaged in the service of his country for
precedence. That gentleman has, however, since a great number of years, at a daily compensation,
withdrawn his amendment. I now ask whether In his old age he was rendered perfectly blind by
it would not be in order to move to insert a proviso exposure in that service. The blindness was the
in the bill, limiting the amount to $100? consequence of his employment in the public ser-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-| vice. Now, sir, you will find many cases on record
ion that a motion to recommit takes precedence of where Congress has granted pensions to persons
amotion to amend. I overtaken by misfortune while in the public employ-
Mr. HOWE. But the motion to recommit has ment,or in consequence of his public employment,
been withdrawn. To men whose arms have been blown off, although
The CHAIRMAN." It was renewed by the they were in the temporary employment .of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel.] Government, pensions have been granted. Why
Mr HOWE. Then, of course, my amend- are such cases as this brought before Congress?
ment Is not in order. Because they do not come under any general law;
The question was then taken, and it was because the party cannot go to the Navy or War
ordered that the bill be laid aside to be reported to Department, or any other Department, and claim
the House, with instructions that it be recommitted | a pension under any existing law. But certainly,
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, to ascertain if there is any case, outside of the general law, m
the amount due. M / which a pension ought to be granttid, it seems to
1T16 tills is 0116.
HANNAH SAMPSON. V ^ Mr_ ,SACKETT. This case, if it should be
The next bill on the calendar was House bill allowed, is one of a very numerous class of cases.
No. 94, being a bill for the relief of Hannah This Government has constantly in its employ
Sampson. j upon wages, and ample and adequate compensa- j
The bill was read through by the Clerk. j tion, a very large number of men; and if we are
Mr. GOODENOW. I had the honor of report- | to begin to grant pensions to those whom calami-
ing that bill to the House, and I think it is a very i ty overtakes among this immense number of em-
meritorious one. Her husband was employed ployees, I know not where the granting of pen-
at the navy-yard at Charleston in 1815, and j sions may end. Nov.', I do not dispute that this
continued in the discharge of his duties at that | man may have been overtaken by calamity—I do
yard until 1845—a period of nearly thirty years, j not dispute that his widow may be in necessitous
The evidence in the case shows that he wasaj1 circumstances—but I doubt not that there are
sober, industrious,' temperate man, frugal in his | hundreds and thousands of other cases of this
habits, and faithful in the performance of his kind among those who have been in the employ-
duties. In the year 1834, while employed by ment of the Government for the last half century.
• the Government, he received an injury in one of There is no complaint that the compensation has
his eves; and subsequently, in 1845, in the sum- not been adequate, or that it has not been paid,
mer season, while employed under the direction There is no complaint of suffering-other than from
of the officers at the navy-yard, being exposed to the calamity which overtook him as a citizen
the weather and sun, he 'received what, I believW while employed upon the part of the Govern-
is called a sun-stroke, the consequence of whicF; ment. ..... ,„
was, he became totally blind. From that period ,j There is another consideration in reference to
u  to July, 1849, he remained in an unfortunate j this bill. It proposes to give a pension tor lite in
and helpless condition. In 1847 he made appli- |j a case where, if the individual had been in the
cation to Congress for relief, and in the month of ;; regular military service of the country, he would
January, 1848, the Committee on Naval Affairs I; have been entitled to a pension for only live
reported a hill for that purpose. That report was, j' years. .
however, not acted upon. He continued to linger ;| Mr. TUCK. I am satisfied that the allowance
alon<* in that hapless condition until July, 1849, ,| of this pension will not form a dangerous Pje<-?"
when he died, leaving a widow in deep distress. , dent, to be followed in our action hereafter, ihis
The little money he had accumulated by his indus- ^ claim, I well remember, was before the Commit-
trv had been expended during his inability to |i tee on Naval Affairs, four years ago, and received
labor and his sickness in consequenceof theinjury li nnnnimmm annrobation. It is a case of pe-
he had received. The whole evidence in the case
shows that he was a sober, industrious, honest,
and faithful man. I presume the records of the
House will not show a stronger case of moral
worth and fidelity to duty than is evidenced m
the case of this man.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? _
Mr GOODENOW. Certainly. ,
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to know whether
this man was connected with the military estab-
lishment, or whether he was a laborer employed
in the navy-yard?
their unanimous approbation. It is a case of pe-
culiar hardship—a case so peculiar, that I should
be perfectly willing to grant a pension in all other
i cases of similar hardship that may be presented.
While in that service, he was required to perform
i varied duties, and he is as meritorious as he
would have been had he enlisted in the military
! service of the United States, and the affliction
1 which he suffered was as severe as if it had been
'- inflicted upon him by the public, enemy. He was
' required, according to my recollection, to be en-
^a^ed in the laborious service of calking the sides
Sf United States vessels, and while so employed—
although at times unconscious of danger, and
perhaps those who oversaw his work were like-
wise unconscious of danger—iost his health and
the use of his eyes. He lingered along" for years,
and four years ago he made his application for a
pension, which was referred tt> the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and by them favorably reported,
upon, I believe, and received the approbation <11**
the House. He died without receiving any re-
lief. His widow, in poverty, in affliction, now
comes here and asks this humble pittance. It is
of little consequence to us; it is one of the trifles
in our legislation; but be assured, sir, it is a mat-
ter of great consequence to this poor woman- I
trust we will give it our approbation.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. In all the sympathy which
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Tuck] has manifested for this poor widow, I
participate I would that our ability were suffi-
cient to justify us in extending our sympathies to
the relief of all the suffering poor of the land. My
benevolence, I hope and trust, is as extensive as is
that of the gentleman from New Hampshire; but,
Mr. Chairman, do we come here, are we sent here
for the purpose of administering the funds of the
Government to the relief of the poor of the nation ?
Is that the principle upon which we come here as
American statesmen—to look up the poor, the suf-
fering poor throughout the land, and extend to
them relief from the National Treasury? Now, •
sir, in all our relations of private life, these things
address themselves to our sympathies, and to -the
best feelings of our nature. But we come here,
sir, to do and perform the stern duties of states-
men—to legislate for the nation. Now, what is
the case presented to the House ? A man andNa-
borer—and who is as worthy as any of us—seeks
employment, in the course of his occupation, and
r efers that of the United States to any other; and
have no hesitation in saying that every man of
his profession in that State, would have sought his
place, in preference to that of private employment
—for the Government is the very best of paymas-
ters. Well, sir, we permitted him to labor upon
our ships because he preferred it to any other,-and
in the ordinary course of events he was seized with
this malady, to which reference has been made,
and he falls a victim to it. Now suppose he had
been employed upon merchant vessels m that pdw,
and the same malady had overtaken him, would
the Government extend to him the relief which
rtie Committee on Naval Affairs now recommend ?
I think not. And let me say here that this subject
of private pensions in drawing from the Treasury
of the United States a support to individuals has
grown to an alarming extent. It has gone so far, that
it seems to me that limits should be set to it. How
I far does the gentleman intend to extend this sys-
| tern ? Will he carry it to civil life ? - Will he carry
|i it into the Departments of Government, and to the
! men who are employed there, and who havegrown
| old and decreped in that service? Will you ex-
I tend to them pensions? Will heextend-it to those
j who have served the public herein this House, -
' and have worn themselves out in «that service .
Will you give them pensions? Will you give
them all relief, to be paid out of the public Tteas-
ury ? Will you carry it out to the whole of the
employees of Government—to postmasteis, mail**
carries, and all others? Mr. Chairman, I have no
disposition to occupy the time of the House upon
this occasion. But let me say to the gentleman
fromJNTew Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] that he is mis-
taken when he says we can grant this pension in
a passing moment of legislation, never to be heard
of again^ it is to go down to all coming time, as
a precedent to every employee of Government,
who falls a victim to any malady, contracted while
in the service of the Government. This fact I
would impress upon the House, that we are legis-
lating here for all coming time, and establishing
precedents, from which we cannoi hereafter de-
part. When we once establish a precedent, other
employees will come in and seize upon it, to sup-
port similar claims. It is against the establish-
ment of this precedent that 1 contend, and against
which I protest.
Mr. DOCOCK. X do not desire to discuss the
bill now under consideration, reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I should not have
! had reason to sav one single word in relation to
! it but from the fact that it is reported from a com-
i rnittee of which I am a member, and that my
I silence might seem to commit me to this parucu-
I; lar bill and to the principles involved in it. I
