THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL' GkLOfiE.
Jan 16,
therefore desiro to say to the committee, that if | Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I hope the commit-
the statement of the facts, upon which this bill : tee^vill take a vote upon this bill immediately, and
think I was present — —    —  7:   „ * -. .
to the committee. I am very sure that if the ■! duce into this country a system of cml,percs\cms.
Tacts which have been detailed, are the fac.ts upon Ii I hope, sir, such a system will never be
"whichthis bill rests, they never came to my at-], duced here. We know the extent to which that
tention. I agree with the gentlemen -who have; system has been carried 111 Great, Britaim It it
already spoken upon this bill, that notonly is this 1, gets a foothold here, we know not how far it may
particular case wrong in itself—having no partic- ;j be carried. It is true this bill presents an isolated
ular merit—but that it establishes a bad and dan-j! case, but it may be drawn into a precedent, give
- o-erous precedent, the extent of which, and the ji rise to sinjilar bills hereafter, and draw after thein
effect of which, upon the future legislation of the i| others, and thus.pave the way for a system ot
country we cannot foresee. To establish the civil pensions. Iam not aware that any case, in
• 1 <• —— -  r— 1:r~ li principle like this, has before been established as
" ' lend my sanction to
[ hope the motion will
working for the public—not in war, not in any prevail. j
engagement—strikes my mind as dangerous and.j The question was then taken upon the motion 1
odious, and I shall record my vote against it, and of Mr. McMullis, and it was agreed to. ;
my voice will always be raised against any such if So it was ordered that the bill be reported back ,
j| to the House, with a recommendation that it uo
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that it be reported ;
to the House, with the recommendation that it do j
not pass. 1
Mr. GOODENOW. I can hardly comprehend ]
that kind of economy which seems to break forth l
"upon a private claim, that comes before this '
House for the benefit of a meritorious individual, !
and at the same time measures which involve
thousands and -tens of thousands of dollars pass
with very little debate or objection. I am as
much in favor of economy as any man in thi3
House, and I will do all in my power to promote
an economical and just administration of the
funds-of the Government; but I am surprised that j
gentlemen should rise up in opposition to this billfj
which only proposes to relieve the widow of
an individual who devoted the greatest portion
of his life to the service of his eountry. He
was engaged in the service of this Government,
and therefore, in my judgment, entitled to the
same compensation that any individual, who has
been employed under like circumstances, is en-
titled to receive. It may be true 
Mr. FICffLIN, (interposing.) With the per-
mission of the honorable member who advocates
this bill, I would inquire if he is in favor of pen-
sioning those individuals in this District who have
held civil office under this Government for life,"
and of pensioning their widows, their husbands
dying poor, and leaving nothing with which to
support them ?.
Mr. GOODENOW. When such a case pre-
sents itsef to the House X will decide upon its par-
ticular merits.
Mr. FICKLIN. It is the same principle en-
tirely.
Mr. GOODENOW. I maintain it is not the
same principle. Here was a man employed m a
not pass.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the commit-
tee rise; upon which motion tellers were demanded
and ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and Millson
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
i ported—ayes 58, noes 73-
I So the committee refused to rise.
j • HEIRS OF JOHN JACKSON.
( The CHAIRMAN stated that bill 95, reported
1 by Mr. Tuck, from the Committee on Revolu-
: tionary Pensions, for the relief of the heirs of John
Jackson, deceased, came up next in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Read the report.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr; TUCK. There was a report made upon
this claim by the committee, but I suppose it has
gone into the hands of the printer. It has been
favorably reported upon several times before.
The bill only proposes to carry out the pledge of
John Paul Jones, and to carry into execution the
action of the Continental Congress upon that
pledge, which took place upon the 28th of Sep-
tember, 1785. This man, John Jackson, was
compelled by John Paul Jones, when he was off
the coast of England, in 1779, and just before his
engagement with the Serapis, to. act as pilot. He
was an Englishman, and on board of the Bon
Homme Richard during that severe conflict, in
which he lost an arm. John Paul Jones then gave
him one hundred ducats, and a written stipluation
on behalf of the Continental Congress of the Col-
onies, that he should have the pension of a private
for life. That certificate was forwarded to Paris,
where it was recognized and approved by Mr. Jeffer-
son and Doctor Franklin. This stipulation,certi-
fied by Doctor Franklin and Mr. Jefferson, was sent
navy-yard, and continued to be employed there j1 home to the Government, and acted upon by the
for a series of years, receiving a per diem com- ; Continental Congress, who passed the resolution
pensation, and, as the facts show, his services 11 which this act proposes to carry out. These_pa
were required by the commanding officer of the
yard at the time he received his injury. I say,
that when his services were being rendered for the
benefit of this Government and lie received an in-
jury, it should entitle him, and he should receive,
"a compensation by way of pension; and it is no
more than right and just that his widow should
receive the same compensation from Congress for
those services thus rendered. I do not under-
stand, Mr. Chairman, why it is that gentlemen
rise up on all hands and declare that this is estab-
lishing a dangerous precedent. I do not under-
stand why the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Crm-
DlNGs] is so stringent in his objections to this bill.
I hope, then, this House will give this bill favor-
able consideration. 1 believe it is just and right,
and that it commends itself to our consciences.
pers have been'los't. John Jackson lived in Eng-
land until 1815, when he died. His son came here
ta this city to collect this pension, but the papers
could not be found. He entered into the service
of the United States, but a few years since died.
His widow and his son, now a small boy, reside
at presentat thenavy-yard. She asks for the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I am not disposed to
take up the time of the House in this matter, but
this is an old, stale claim, to which I plead the statute
of limitation, and ask that it be laid aside, with a
recommendation to the House that it do not pass.
Mr. AYERETT. Mr. Chairman, is a motion
that the committee do now rise in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. AVERETT. Then I make that motion.
I haveno fear of precedents. Every case brought | Sir, I am in favor of giving prompt and faithful
before this House will be adjusted upon its pecu- ; attention to the bills on the calendar, but I am op-
liar merits; and if we pass this bill without prece- , posed to acting and voting in the dark. We have
dent, so much the better. We are disposed to do no report before us upon this case. It is impossible
justice, and individually we are acting according ' that we can act understandingly upon it without a
to the best dictates of our nature. We are trying :: report. The developments brought out, in the dis-
to relieve the distresses of the widow of one who ;; cussion of the-case last disposed of, ought to teach
suftered m the employment of the Government. I j 'us the necessity, not only of having the report
hope tins House will not agree to the motion made . before us in every case, but of investigating that
by the honorable member from Virginia, [Mr.'i report closely.
McMblli.v,] and that_ it will do justice to that;! The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
widow, by reporting this hill to the Iiouse\vith a pending1 the motion to rise.
recommendation that it do pass. ' jj Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and .Messrs. Fowler and Millson
were appointed.
The question being put, the tellers reported
there were in the affirmative—ayes 79, noes 50.
So the committee, accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
of the committee reported, that the Committee of
the Whole House had had under consideration in
the private calendar, bills Nos. 88, 89, 90,91, and
92,and recommend that they do pass; also, bill No.
93, which they recommend be recommitted to the.
Committee on Naval Affairs, to inquire into the
particular amount of the claim; also, bill 94, which
they recommend do not pass.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. BISSELL moved, that when the House
adjourn to-day,it be till twelve o 'clock on Monday
next.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE called for the yeas ana
nays; which were not ordered.
The motion being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER moved the House adjourn;
which motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I suggest that -we take a vote
upon the entire report of the Committee of the .
Whole House, except in cases where gentlemen
may desire a separate vote to be taken. I move
we take the vote upon sustaining the whole rec-
ommendations of the committee.
' The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object to it.
The SPEAKER stated, that if there was no ob-
i jection the vote would be taken upon the engross-
ment and ordering to a third reading of all the
bills recommended for passage by the Committee
of the Whole House at once, viz;
No. 88, a bill for the relief of Wm. Greer.
No. 89, a bill for the relief of Williams, Sta-
ples & Williams.
No. 90, a bill for the relief of James Furguson,
surviving partner of Furguson & Milhado.
No. 4, a bill authorizing the payment of interest
to the State of New Hampshire for advances
made for the use of the United States, in repelling
invasion apd suppressing insurrection at Indian
Stream iJWsaid State.
No. 91, a bill for the relief of the executors
and heirs of Thomas Fletcher, deceased.
No. 99, a bill for the relief of James Lewis.
The question being put, the above-named bills
were ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and having been engrossed, were read a
third time and passed.
Mr. HART asked the unanimous consent of
the House to grant him leave to withdraw the pe-
tition and papers of Bates & Lacon, with the view
of having them presented to the Senate.
Objected to.
Mr. WALSH asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which he had
given previous notice. . ,
Objected to.
Mr. McMULLIN moved the House adjourn;
wlufch motion was disagreed to.
J. G. PEJMDERGRAST.
The next question was on concurring in the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of the Whole that
the bill for the relief of J. G. Pendergrast be re-
committed to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
with instructions to ascertain and insert in the bill
the amount of appropriation necessary.
Mr. ST ANTON, of Tennessee. I believe that
. in the Committee of the Whole there was no ob-
! jection to thf principle of this bill; and I am per-
fectly satisfied that it is entirely useless to send
it back to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
amount of this little account, as I lesrn since from
the papers, which I thought were in the printer's
s, hands,, is J260. The petitioner, J. G. Pender-
j! grast, is probably known to many gentlemen here
! i as an individual who would not impose upon the
|j Government under any circumstances, especially
; | in the trifling amount of a doctor's bill. The legal
| j proof was not before the committee, and I sup-
ji pose if it goes to the committee in order that they
|j may ascertain the amount of the doctor's bill, they
I j will have>to take depositions, or such proof as the
!! accounting officers of the Treasury are in the habit
ij of taking when .they pay accounts of this kind,
|i under the same circumstances. I say that, in or-
H der to do justice and protect the Government, it
