1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2§t-
is entirely unnecessary to send this little matter
back to the committee.
Mr. DANIEL. 1 trust the recommendation of
the committee will be carried out, because I think
this mode of legislating is based upoq. highly im-
proper and incorrect principles. Ncflljl do not
intend to cast any imputations upon this gentle-
man. Far be it from me to cast any imputation
upon him, if his character is perfectly prodf against
any imposition. I think it is wrong to legislate
in this way. 1 think every case which comes be-
fore us ought to be brought up-to the same stand-
ard; and every demand ought tobeproved accord-
ing to rules which will guard the Treasury against
imposition. If we take the say-so in this individ-
ual case of a man free from suspicion, we will go
a little further, and after a little while we will take
the statements of somebody else, permit them to
make their demands upon the Treasury, and we
will pay what they demand.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is proceed-
ing upon the supposition that we require the
House to take the say-so of this gentleman, be-
cause he is respectable, and free from suspicion.
I have not asked the House to do any such'thing.
I have only asked them to refer this matter to the
officers of the Treasury, who will proceed only
upon regular proof.
Mr. DANIEL. It is much safer, as a general
rule, for committees, when they can ascertain the
amount they propose to appropriate from the
Treasury, to ascertain it, and recommend that the
amount be paid. The objection I made is not
answered at all. I trust the motion will pre-
vail.
Mr. HEBARD. I believe there was serious
objection to this bill upon two grounds, and the
third one has presented itself now, since this bill
has got back into the House. One objection
was—and it was an objection of principle—that
the bill did not settle the amount to be paid. It
was thought by many that it was the only correct
principle,- that the committee should ascertain the
amount and make the recommendation. 1 have
not heard the chairman of that committee, or any
other gentleman upon that committee, express
even an opinion in relation to any amount, or that
anything was due, further than to re'commend
the passage of the bill. Another objection was,
that there is no report of the facts of the case. It
was thought that the amount was between one
hundred and two hundred dollars. It seems,
since we have got back to the House, that it has
increased to between t\vo and three hundred dol-
lars. If we allow this bill to go to the Secretary
of the Treasury before the amount is ascertained,
and it keeps lecreasing in that ratio, I do not
know what The amount will be. I hope that the
recommendation of the committee will be complied
with, and the bill be sent back to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, for them to obtain such proof
as will satisfy them in relation' to the equity of
the claim and the amount due. Let them fix
upon the amount, put it into the bill, and report
such a state of facts as will satisfy the House that
the claim ought to be paid. Then I will be in
favor of it. I move that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instruc-
tions to ascertain and place in ihe bill the amount
to be psiid; and upon that motion I ask the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
oil Naval Affairs, with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The bill No. 94, for the re-
lief of Hannah Sampson', was reported by the
committee to the House, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move the
previous question, and I move that we concur
with the recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which bill No. 89, for the relief of "Williams,
Staples & Williams, was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SWEETSER,
The House then adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill granting a quantity of the public lands for
tlie improvement of the navigation of the river Wabash.
PETITIONS, &c.
,The following petitions, memorials?, &c., were presented
under the rule, and refened to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SI BLEY : The memorial of Bartholomew Bald-
win, James R. Clewet, A. Perret, and Pieire, Benjamin,
S and JuhanGervais, asking for compensation for injuries re-
1 ceived by being diiven from the Military Reserve at Fort
I Snellin? by the United States troops in the year 1840.
' By Mr. PHELPS : The memorial ofM. M. Marmrtduke
and -other?, for pay for property stolen from them by the
Indians.
Also, the petition of W. B. Edwards, praying for aa
invalid pension, heretofore pie&ented.
By Mr. FULT^RR, of Maine: The memorial of*D. W.
Dinsmorc and others, praying Congress to establish a whistle
or fog bell at Petit Menan light house, at the entrance of
Narraauagers bay, on the coast of Maine.
- By Mr. FLORENCE: The petition of Moses M. Rus-
sell, of Philadelphia, praying for an increase of pension to
the late Mis. Esther Russell, widow of Dr. Philip M. Hus-
sell, who served in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. HOUSTON: The petition of William Nelson, of
Morgan county, Alabama, praying to be allowed to change
an erroneous entry of public land as therein set forth.
Bv Mr. JONES, of Tennessee: The petition of the heirs
of Or. Samuel Kennedy, praying compensation for services
during the revolutionary war.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, January 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with acts ap-
proved April 20, 1818, and August 96, 1842, and
a resolution of the House of Representatives of.
13th January, 1846, a list of the clerks and other
persons employed in that Department other than
officers of the Army, during the year 1851.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, in pursuance of an act approved April 2d,
1794, containing a statement of the expenses of
the national armories, and of the number of arms
and appendages made and repaired thereat during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1851.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Oregon Territory, praying the removal of the
port of entry from Foj-t Nesqually to Sleetacoour
City, and the establishment of a mail route from
San Francisco to the head of Puget's Sound;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Parsons, widow
of James Parsons, praying compensation for ex-
tra services performed by her late husband while
employed at the Penitentiary of the District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of Warren
Young, praying that the Ifuvs may be so amended
that the executors and administrators of those
holding land warrants may locate those warrants;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
' Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Dunlevy, Ohio, praying that the public lands
may be ceded to the States for the purposes of
settlement: which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH. I present the memorial oftheNew
York State Colonization Society, praying the es-
tablishment of a line of mail steamers to the west-
ern coast of Africa.
The memorial states that a very large trade is
now being carried on by Great Britain with that
coast, amounting to some twenty-five millions of
dollars annually, and it is calculated that England
has already received two hundred millions of dol-
lars of gold from that coast. They also urge that
the establishment of this line would tend greatly
to suppress the slave trade, and render unneces-
sary the present squadron which this Government
maintains on that coast. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Na^al AiBairS.'
The motion was agreed *to,a
Mr GEYER presented th| petition of the heirs
and legal representatives of Joseph Thompson,"'
deceased, praying the confirmation of their title to-
ft tract of land in the State of Missouri; whrth %
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims;
Also, the memorial of the administrator of
George G. Alford, praying the appointment of
a tribunal to review the decisions of die late Board
of Commissioners for' settling claims of American
citizens against Mexico;- which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the memorial of the City Council of St.
Louis, Missouri, praying the reimbursement of
money expended in prosecuting work commenced
by the United States for the improvement of the
river and harbor at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of A. An-
derson and others, citizcns of the United States,
praying the construction of a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific, under the direction of the
General Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. " .
Also, threepetitions of citizens of Illinois, pray-
ing the right of way and a grant of public land for
the construction of a railroad from Shawneetown
to the Missouri river, opposite the city of St'.
Louis; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Henry BI. Sibley, for
and m behalf of the peopleofMinnesotaTerritory,
praying a grant of land for the construction of a
railroad from the western extremity of said Terri-
tory to the Mississippi river, with a branch to St.
Paul in said Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of inhab-
itants of the Island of Mardnicus, on the coast of
Maine, praying the transfer of that Island from
the Penobscot collection district to the district of
Waldeboro', in the State of Maine; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition «?f
William W. Sale and others, praying an amend-
ment of the patent laws; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of John M.
Reynolds, praying to be indemnified for losses
sustained in consequence of a change in his con-
tract for building a light-house on Beaver Island,
in Lake Michigan; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying ti modification of the late bounty land
law; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Cambridge, Massachusetts, praying that the bill
giving further remedies to patentees -may becom6
a law.
Ordered, That it he oil tbe tabic.
Mr. DAVIS. I present also the petition of
Robert M. Lee, and other citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, in which they represent that the bounty land
law makes an unequal provision for the benefit of
certain soldiers. In other words, that tbe soldiers
of the war of 1812 are not placed on a footing of
equality with the soldiers who served in the Mex-
ican war. Thev ask that that bounty land law
may be so modified as- to place those soldiers on a
footing of equality with those who served in the
Mexican war by granting them a -larger quantity
of land than they have received. As a bill in re-
lation to the subject is already before the Senate,
I move that, without reading, the petition be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
of citizens of Tennessee, praying that the ex-"
penses incurred by American-contributors to the
World's Fair at London, may be defrayed by
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
, zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying a
1 modification of the late bounty land law.
I Ordered, That it lie on the tabje.
| Mr. FELCH presented a preamble and resolu-
I tion passed by the Legislature of Michigan in re-
