1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
by a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed ,
to a second reading. j
The report was ordered to be printed. !
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. ATCHISON, i desire to give notice now,
that on Monday next 1 shall ask the Senate to go
into Executive session, immediately after the ex- ;
piration of the morning hour. It is important, or
deemed to be important, by the people of Iowa,
Minnesota, and Wisconsin, that certain treaties
now pending shall be acted upon.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BROOKE gave notice of his intention to j
ask leave to introduce two bills—one to attach the
county of Attalla, in the State of Mississippi, to
the southern judicial district of said State, and the I
other to regulate the liens of judgments of the
courts of the United States in the State of Missis-
sippi.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a joint resolution respect-
ing the various laws granting pensions to soldiers
of the revolutionary and subsequent wars.
SWAMP LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI
Mr. BROOKE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
giving the assent of Congress to an act of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, appropri-
ating a portion of the swamp and overflowed
lands granted to said State by the act approved
September 28, 18 )0; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
DISTRICT COURT OF THE PISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which was re-
ferred a bill to provide for the holding of the dis-
trict court for the District of Columbia in case of
the sickness or other disability of the district
judge, to report the bill back without amendment.
I have also been instructed by the same com-
mittee to ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider this bill at the present time. There
is necessity for prompt action. Judge Crunch,
the venerable chief justice of the circuit court of this
District, who is sole judge of the district court, is
in feeble health—too much so to hold court at pres-
ent. There is pressing business of importance in
the court, in some of which the Government is in-
terested. I will refer to a case: It is known that
during the Mexican war our public vessels made
several captures on the Pacific coast, where we
had no regularly-organized courts to take cogni-
zance of the subject, and the distance was too
great to send home the prizes for adjudication. As
a matter of apparent necessity, a temporary ad-
miralty court was organized there, under the au-
thoiity of the naval and military commanders on
that station, with the assent or approval of the
Secretary of the Navy; and the captors, in obedi-
ence to the orders of their superiors, carried their
prizes before this court of admiralty, which under-
took to adjudicate, and in some cases to condemn
and decree the sale of them The owners of one
of the captured vessels and cargo, the Admittance,
have commenced an action against Captain Mont-
gomery, the commander of the vessel that made
the prize, since his return to this country, and that
action is now pending in court. The Supreme
Court of the United States has recently held in the
case, that the so-called admiralty court at Monte-
ley had no authority in the premises, but if there
was good causes of capture, the captors might
justify the taking by establishing that fact; that
the district court of this District has original juris-
diction in such cases; and that the captors could
proceed and libel the vessel and cargo therein, and
if they succeeded in making good, in that process,
the cause of capture, it could be given in defense
m the action against the officer who commanded
in taking the alleged prize. The amount in this
case is large, and the proceeds of the sale have
been paid" into the United States Treasury. It
will be seen, without further remark, that it is im-
portant that this officer should have the means of
making his defense, which can only be done by
prompt action of this bill.
Mr. BADGER asked that the bill might be
read. ...
It was read accordingly. It provides that in
case of the sickness or other disability of the judge
of the district court of the United States for the
District of Columbia which shall prevent him from
holding any staled or appointed term of the dis-
trict court, and upon that iact being certified by
the clerk of the district court to the Chief Justice
of the United States, it shall be lawful for the
Chief Justice of the United States to designate and
appoint any district judge within one of the judi-
cial districts next contiguous to the District of
Columbia to hold the district court for this Dis-
trict.
Mr. BADGER. I cannot give my consent to
have this bill acted upon to-day; and for a very
obvious reason. I see no necessity for tequiring
the Chief Justice of the United States to send to
some contiguous judicial district for a judge to
come here and hold the district court. The chief
judge of the circuit court of the District of Colum-
bia also holds the district court for this district.
It is proper that provision should be made for
holding the district court in case of the sickness or
other disability of the chief judge. But the cir-
cuit court here consists of thiee judges; and it
would be the simplest provision m tne world to
say that in case of the sickness or disability of the
chief judge, one of the other judges should be au-
thorized to hold the district court. Whence the
necessity for requiring the Chief Justice of the
United States to send to ask the district judge in
another district to come here to hold the district
court, when there are three judges of the circuit
court, every one of whom is competent to perform
the duty? All that is necessary is to have an act
of Congress authorizing one of the puisne judges
of that eouit to hold the district court when, from
sickness or disability, the chief judge should be
unable to hold it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was solicited to intro-
duce the bill by gentlemen of the profession in
this city, who had conferred with the court here;
and they adopted the phraseology of the bill which
provides for similar difficulties in other courts. The
suggestion was made that it would be better to ask
the district judge of Maryland to step over here
for only an occasional service, because an appeal
lies from the district court to the circuit couit of
this district; and as there are but two judges of
that court now able to perfoim service, it would
be an appeal from the decision of a judge to him-
self. If, however, there is any objection to the
present consideration of the bill, it can be laid over,
and 1 hope it will be taken up on Monday morn-
ing. An amendment of the kind suggested by the
Senator from North Carolina, would reach the
difficulty which we are endeavoring to avoid. I
think it is immaterial which course is adopted.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator says that this
bill adopts the provisions made by other bills.
Now, he has proceeded to adopt a provision which
was proper in regard to other cases, and to make
it applicable to a case where theie is no propriety
in its application. In the case of a district judge
of a State, there is but one district judge, and if
you invoke any assistance, it must be the assist-
ance of a district judge from another State. Now,
there are three judges of the circuit court in this
district. One of them can hold the district court
just as well as a judge from another State. As to
the idea of the Senator in relation to appeals from
the district to the circuit court, here ne takes it for
granted that the chief judge of the court is never
going to sit, which is a presumption not founded
on fact, I trust, and which is not consistent with
law. 1 hope the bill will lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the bill will be laid over until Monday.
Mr. BRADBURY. If it is laid over, an amend-
ment can be laid over m the mean time.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am not disposed to urge
the present consideration of the bill spoken of by
the Senator from Maine, but I wish to ask the
Senator from North Carolina, in consideration of
the importance and pressing urgency of this bill,
that he will, in the intermediate time between this
and Monday, examine its provisions, and ascer-
tain whether they are really liable to the objec-
tions which he urges. The case is this: Officers
of the Navy of the United States have made seiz-
ures, and have prosecuted to condemnation, be-
fore tribunals summarily and irregularly consti-
tuted, their several prizes. One of these cases,
has been before the Supreme Court of the United
States, which has recognized the correctness of
the seizures, and the liability of the property seized
| to condemnation, but requires that the prizes
j should be libeled. In the mean time, the otficeis
i of the Navy have been sued by the proprietors of
i the vessels seized, and it is to provide for them the
j protection which this bill affords, that it is sub-
mitted to the consideration of the Senate I would
suggest to the Senator from North Carolina, m
regard to his objection, that the jurisdiction for
which this bill is intended to provide, is original
admiralty jurisdiction, which belongs to the dis-
trict judges of the United States, and does not be-
long to the circuit judges; therefore it is that the
aid and assistance of a district judge from a con-
tiguous district, having original admiralty juris-
diction, has been invoked, and not one of the cir-
cuit judges, who does not possess this original
admiralty jurisdiction.
The bill was laid over until Monday.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate
S proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doois
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned until
Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jfpril 30, 1852.
The House met at twehe o'colck, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GORMAN. I desiie to make a report
from the Committee on Printing, for printing an
extra number of the Patent Office Report. It will
take but little time.
Mr. FICKLIN. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] is a privileged
motion. So is the motion made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Curtis.] The Chair
thinks the motion first made is the one that should
be first put to the House.
Mr. GORMAN. It will not take much time to
order this amount of printing to be done. It is
the usual number.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Curtis] does not withdraw his mo-
tion, it will be put first.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GORMAN. I report from the Committee
on Printing, the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the u^e of the House
of Representatives li'ty thousand copies of the mechanical
part of the Patent Office Report, and three thousand addi-
tional copies for the use of the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. CLfNGMAN. Before this question is
put, and before I vote upon this matter, I desire
to know who is to do this printing, and upon what
terms. I am greatly surprised that so much time
has elapsed without our being apprised by that
committee, which is authorized to report at any
time, what arrangement they have made for the
public printing. Nearly two weeks since we were
told by the chairman of the committee [Mr. Gor-
man] that he would make a report to the House
on the following Monday, which was Monday of
last week, more than ten days since, and inform
us definitely what they had done. Since that time
he has made no report, if he has made any
report it has escaped my notice and that of the
House. I am sure he has not. Before we order
any document to be printed, 1 wish to know who
is to print it, and upon what terms, and at what
time we are likely to get it. These are matters
which ought to be understood by the House. I
do not desire at this time to go into any discus-
sion upon this question. I trust the chairman of
the Committee on Printing will let it lie over until
the committee think proper to apprise us what is
to be done with the matter of the Congressional
printing.
Mr. POLK. I trust the gentleman will with-
draw his motion, and let us go to the regular order
of business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take this occasion to say
to the committee again, if they have made any
disposition of the public printing it was due to the
House that they should have made it known long
