800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 19,
by the adoption of my amendments in reference to j
the soldiers of the Mexican war, is the mtroduc- >
tion of no jiew' principle, it has already been j
recognized in the amendment which ths 'senator j
from Kentucky has offered and which has been i
adopted. One half of one of the Missouri .regi- |
ments have already obtained the very bounties
which it is now proposed to extend to the other
half. All those soldiers who enlisted after the
passage of the act of 1847, have, for the same
class of services, received the bounty of the.Gov-
ernment, whilstthose who enlisted previously have
been unprovided for. It is necessary, therefore,
to equalize and make uniform the bounty of the
Government. For that purpose I have offered
these amendments: ,
Mr. BRADBURY. The language employed
by the honorable Senator from Arkansas is ex-
ceedingly indefinite. If the object of that amend-
ment be to secure bounty land to a certain regi-
ment of troops, or to a portion of a regiment, the
other portion having already received the benefits
of a former act, it will be very easy to specify in
distinct terms the extent to which the Senator de-
sires that the amendment may reach. In other
words, we can hardly understand the extent to
which it may be construed to reach. It looks so'
indefinite that it may go much beyond the scope
designed by the honorable Senator. If his object
is to reach any particular regiment or class of men,
he can say so in the amendment. I hope that af-
ter the committee have matured the bill, and given
attention to the language employed, we shall not
hfjstily adopt an amendment of a character so ex-
ceedingly general and indefinite.
Mr. HAMLIN The original section, as was'
stated by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
berwood,] was drawn up by myself, and it was
drawn after a consultation with the Pension Bu-
reau. I believe tlie section was drawn up by my-
self in that office; and it was to obviate precisely
the objection to which the Senator from Arkansas
has alluded. If he will look at the section as the
committee have reported it, or amended it subse-
quently, he will find that it will meet precisely the
class of cases which he designs to meet, while the
amendment which he desires to adopt will leave it
somewhat ambiguous; for in all cases where the
Government has received and paid for services,
the right to the warrant is recognized by the bill
as reported.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would remark to my
friend from Arkansas that there is in the fourth
section an expression to which I will call his at-
tention. It is this:
"That in all cases where the militia or volunteers or
State troops of any State were called into the service of the
United States, and whose services have been accepted and
p«.id by the United States subsequent to the 18th of June,
1812," &c.
Now, if the Sermfor from Arkansas will lay
a stress upon the expression " subsequent to the
ldth of June, 1812," he will find that the section
does embrace all that his amendment calls for. I
trust, therefore, that he will not insist upon his
amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As my amendment seems
to alarm the Senator ^from Maine, and as he sup-
poses that that amendment embraces a large and
undefined additional class of persons, I will with-
draw my first amendment and content myself
with the repeal of the provision of the act of 1847.
The effect of that will be precisely to carry out
what the Senator from Maine considers as the
effect of tins amendment.
The Senator from Kentucky will allow me to
remind him that while the provision of the act of
1847 is in force, it excludes, as a class, all persons
engaged in that war, and that the most proper
way to do would be to construe these acts together.
Now, by simply repealing the proviso of the act
of 1847, and withdrawing the amendment,'which
seems to meet with some dissatisfaction on my
right, the object we are aiming at will be attained,
which is not to disturb the description of the wars
in which these soldiers were engaged, but to re-
move an impediment which has hitherto existed in
the way of carrying out what is supposed to be
the spirit of the law, and to place a very limited
class of persons who were engaged in the Mexi-
can war upon the same footing as those embraced
in the amendment suggested by the Committee on
Public Lands. I therefore withdraw the first
amendment, and submit to the Senate the latter
one, which is—
"That the last proviso of tho ninth section of the act of
the llth of February, 1847, be, and Ike same is hereby, re-
pealed: Provided, 'That nothing herein contained shall
authorize bounty lands to those who have heretofore re-
ceived or become entitled to the same."
acres, the sum of twenty-five cents for eacli, as full com-
pensation for their services: Provided, That in all cases
where a warrant is located by and for the use of the Volun-
teer or soldier to whom such warrant may have issued for
services under the act aforesaid, no compensation shall be
charged either by the register or receiver for making such
location."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 will state to my friend
from Virginia, that the committee very thoroughly
■Mitiered the subject, and came to the conclusion
haf il ' '
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpqpe
of stating to the Senate, that the effect of that pro- t
viso in the bill of 1847 was not considered in the :
committee at all. I have read the proviso at the
desk of my friend'over the way,'and that proviso ; thJf fifty cents waS not an adequatecompensation;
refuses to give bounty land to those soldiers who , th therefore enlarged the compensation, and at
enlisted in the Mexican war or who were called to ,j tj1e same time put in a limit, as you will perceive
fight in the Mexican war, unless they were marcheu ij ttmt the compensation is not to exceed the max*
to the scene ot battle. .Now, that was not con* , j jmum allowed by law. It may not come up to
sidered in committee; and the only objection to ;
the repeal of that proviso is, that we may be doing ; | ^ HUNTER.. What is that maximum ?
something," the effect of which we do not exactly   Ml._ UNDERWOOD. It is three thousand
foresee. It would seem equitable that those men J
should be paid who enlisted, and who remained at
home performing fnilitary service or in the gam- ;|
son, and did notgo to the frontier. Theonly objec-
tion 1 have, then, to the amendment is, that it was
not considered in committee, and we do not see ;
precisely how far it may go, or why it was that
this proviso was originally inserted ill the bill, that ,
bounty lands should not be granted unless the I 8[atefj^ a,°(j put a limit to it. The committee
soldiers actually marched to the frontier. 1 do I thought that a sufficient guard to secure the inter-
dollars. The statements that came before the
committee in our deliberations were, that it gave
more trouble to make these entries, and locate"
these military bounty lands, than to grant a cer-
tificate upon cash payments. It was slated that
the labor was greatly enhanced, and that fifty
cents was not a sufficient compensation. There-
fore we gave the compensation which is here
actually
not know the reasons which influenced Congress
on that point. If these soldiers were otherwise
entitled to bounty lands, I do not see why they '
should be prohibited from receiving them because j
they remained at home or in the garrison. I i
would be willing to vote for the amendment unless ;
it should be thought that it would embarrass the '
bill. !
Mr. HAMLIN. Itseems to me that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas should be
adopted. The bill or amendment reported by the |
Senator from Kentucky, embraces precisely the '
spirit of the amendment offered by the Senator 1
from Arkansas. By a technical construction of :
the law, the Department did not allow bounty '
lands to that class of men who were not mustered 1
into service under United States officers, and they
were excluded under that construction. The on- ,
ginal law provided that they must be in the service j
of the United States, and the Department deter-
est of the Government, at the same time that it
would allow these officers a sufficient compen-
sation. It was all thoroughly considered in the
committee, and I hope it will be allowed to stand
as the committee have arranged it.
Mr. WALKER. If the amendment be adopted,
will it be in order to move to amend it?
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order to
move to amend it until it is reported to the Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. I have an amendment to offer
to meet certain cases, tor which I see the bill does
not provide. At the last session of Congress there
was a clause inserted in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, which I certainly did not notice
at the time, and which, perhaps, no member of
the Senate noticed, which operates very inju-
riously upon a certain class of holders of bounty
land warrants. The effect of it is to exclude them
from the application of such warrants in payment
of their preemption, even where they are the
, , - * t .   1 ui Liitxi uxvcuiPviuii. oven u iivi c utc y ui c tixc
mined that, to come within the provision of that ,| orjgjnaj hold?rs of the warrants. It is operating
ntir thfliT >nnof novo tof htll/'a hr WlllOrPVAn ! .9 ... ■  , 1 °
law, they must have been technically mustered
into service. Now, we have reported a bill which
goes upon one principle, and draws the distinction 1
in another placp, to wit: That where the soldiers :
have been paid by the Government, it should be j
assumed that they have been in the service of the (
Government; and that is the equitable place where
with very great injustice, as I know. I hav
known cases where the original holders could not
enter upon land on which they resided, in conse-
quence of this proviso. I wish therefore to offer
an amendment, which is, merely to repeal this
restriction, so as to leave the law as it was before
, , ... . • , , , i ii1 the adoption of this proviso, and allow them to
the bill draws the line, and where, in my humble j jocate on ian(js which they have settled upon, on
judgment, the demotion should be drawn; and ; nt of _lheir pre6mpion. U certainly is an
if this amendment of the Senator from Arkansas ; ^ ^ t injus£ ^ that th« homestead
is adopted, it will only be carrying out in words, Qn whfch they have made many improvements
what this bill carries outjii spirit. I shall vote for ,, may bfi takf>n ^om them> wMl ^ b£unfy ,and
the amendment. i! warrant in their hands, and that they cannot
Mr. BRODHEAD. Should like to hear the , locate their own homestead. The proviso
proviso, which the benator from Arkansas pro- iv > • . i • > ^ r
poses to repeal, read.
The proviso was accordingly read, as follows:
" Provided* That nothing contained in this section shall
he so construed a45 to give bounty lands to such volunteers
as were accepted into service and discharged, without be-
ing marched to the scat of war."
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment as reported by the
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. X rise to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, whether this compensation is
not higher than it need be. I find a law on the
statute-book in relation to this subject, in which ;
the measure of compensation is established for those
who enter the warrants given for bounty lands dur- !
ing the Mexican war. It seems to me probable that !
that would be the best measure, and that it would
be better to substitute that rule for the one proposed
here. I throw the suggestion out for the consid-
eration of the Senator from Kentucky. Here is
a measure already established, providingthe price
to be paid for registering those land warrants:
" Be it enactcd, <$v., That for the services which may be
rendered aftci the passage of tins act by the resisterrf and
receivers of the «eveial land offices of the United States,
in carrying out the provisions of the ninth section of the
actof the llth of February, 184T, entitled ' An act to raise
lor a limited time an additional iniiitaryforce,and for other
purposes,'they shall each be entitled to require from the
holders of warrants: issued under that act for one hundred
and sixty acres, the sum of filty  cents lor each, and from ,
the holders of warrants issued under the same law for forty
which 1 desire to have repealed is as follows:
11 Provided, That no land bounty for military service
granted by the act of twenty-eighth September, one thousand
eight hundied and fifty, entitled ' An act granting bounty
land to.certam officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States, or by virtue of
any other act of Congress heretofore passed, granting land
bounties for military services shall be satisfied out of any
public land not heretofore brought into maiket, and now
subject to entry at private sale under existing laws.' "
Now the only object of that proviso is, not to
allow the old soldiers, who hold these bounty land
warrants, to enter this preemption before the land
is subject to public sale; to let it stand and come
into competition with other lands. I hope it will
be repealed, and for that purpose I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That the proviso in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill of the year 1850, which restricts the lo-
cation of bounty land warrants not heretofore brought into
market, and now subject to entry at private sale under ex-
isting laws, be, and the same is hereby repealed.
That will leave it just as it was before. I would
say that the objection which is made, is not valid,
in my opinion. If I understand it rightly, the
land warrants were not assigned for the payment
of the preemption; but while held by the original
holders they could be so received. That was the
law before this amendment was made. If gentle-
men wish to make it more specific, I am willing
that it should be limited to the holders or their
heirs; but I wish that the holders themselves may
have the right to enter their preemption with these
bounty land warrants.
Mr. WALKER. I would not have the least
