2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
sidered on such an occasion I submit, therefore,
that it would be better to print all the documents.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be glad to print them
all if they are pertinent documents. There was a
file of them sent here at a former session, and, I
believe, though I have not h$d time to examine
them, that they throw great light on this subject.
I certainly wish that all the papers applicable to
the subject should be printed. The papers to
which I allude we're upon the table of the Secre-
tary the other day, and I should be very glad to
have them go into the hands of the Committee 011
Foreign Relations, to be ordered to be printed, or
such portions as the committee should see fit to
select, in order that they may be printed along
with this document.
Mr. MASON. There must be some delay in
looking over such a mass of documents by any
committee or any Senator; and at the present
stage of the business of the Senate I should think
that was impracticable. I would suggest to the
Senator to withdraw his objection, and let all the
documents be printed. There is nothing involved
in the printing but a little economy.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the Senator to
wish to have these documents printed, together
with the former file to which I refer?
Mr. MASON". Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MASON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 accept that proposition. I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
message until Thursday next, and to print all the
papers upon the subject.
Mr. WELLER. All that have not been here-
tofore printed.
Mr. CASS. I coincide with the Senator from
Virginia. The cost of a few dollars more or less
in printing these papers ought not to be consid-
ered as a matter of great importance. We want
to see the whole of the documents. If they re-
main scattered among the documents of the last
few yeais we cannot go anil search for them. The
whole of the papers ought to be given together to
the Senate and to the public.
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolicil, That Hid daily hour of the meeting of the Sen-
ate be eleven o'clock, a. 111.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as m Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives "making appropria-
* tion for the current and contingent expenses of
* the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
4 stipulations wuh various Indian tribes, for the
* year ending June 30th, 1853," the question pend-
ing being upon the fourth amendmentof the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause:
u For the payment to the Shawnees of moneys due them
under and by virtue of the treaties of the 7th of November,
1805, and 8ih of August, Ifctfl, between the United States
and the two divisions of said tribe of Indians, the same being
the net balance received into the Treasury for hale of their
lands 111 Ohio, $.-66,246 23. Provided, however^ That said
trihe of Indian^ shall first express then assent that the pay-
ment of the above sum shall he made equally to the whole
trfbe, rather than to either division thereof."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 move to amend the clause
which the Committee on Finance propose to strike
out, by striking out all after the word "provided,"
and inserting:
That tiie validity of their claim shall be first investigated
by the Attorney General of the United States, according to
the true intent and meaning of said treaties, and if m his
opinion the same be just, then tiie said sum to be paid to the
whole nation of Shawnees residing upon the Kansas, per
capit't, but upon the following conditions: Fuvt, that the
said Shawnees shall by some valid act of the national au-
thority, to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
agree to receive said money m common. Second, that they
will hold in common, as one nation, the lands assigned by
the treaty of 1825. Third, that ail claim of the Ohio Shaw-
nees to the exclusive grant of 100,000 acrcs under the treaty
of 1831, be forever released.
The object of the amendment which I have of-
fered, is simply to perfect the clause before the
question is taken upon the motion to strike it out.
The amendment which I have sent to the Chair
neither affirms nor denies the justice or propriety,
or validity, of the claim; but it proposes—as there
is probably a valid claim on the part of the In-
dians for the amount which is here proposed to
be appropriated—that, as it is a litigated question
which we have neither time nor opportunity to in-
vestigate, we should refer it to the Attorney Gen-
eral, with full and plenary powers, not only to in-
vestigate the whole matter, but to act upon the
provisions of the treaty of 1825, and that of 1831,
which control the appropriation and govern the
right. If, in such case, the Attorney General
should be of opinion that their claim is a valid one,
then the amendment regulates the disposition of
the money in a manner different from that in
which the appropriation now stands. It provides,
first;,th9-t the two wings of the Shawnee tribe, who
appear to have intentions somewhat hostile to
each other, and1 interests somewhat conflicting,
should agree to receive this amount per capita. It
provides, also, that they should enjoy their lands
upon the Kansas river in common; and it further
provides that the 100,0U0 acres provided by the
treaty of 1831, shall be released to the United
States, and that 110 further claim shall be setup
by these Indians in consequence. In other words,
Mr. President, it provides for all the difficulties
which seem to be involved in the present claim;
so that if the appropriation should be made sub-
ject to the decision of the Attorney General ac-
cording to the true intent and meaning of the trea-
ties of 1825 and 1831, then the amount of money
is to be paid on the conditions the propriety of rec-
ognizing which will be made to appear on the
very face of the claim which they make.
The explanation of this claim given by the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affaiis,
[Mr. Atchison,] the other day, was so lucid and
so correct, that it will excuse me from the neces-
sity of going into a history of it again. I do not
propose to recapitulate the facts on which the claim
is based. I have nothing to do with that now.
The amendment, as I have said, neither affirms nor
denies the validity of the claim. It provides,
however, a mode of investigatingitsjustice, which
I think is preferable, and better calculated to enable
us to arrive at the truth than any mode as yet
presented, at this late period of the session, and
with our present lights.
The reason why I offer the amendment is, that
I think there is extreme plausibility in the claim,
and it all depends upon one point, that is: whether
the treaty of 1825 conflicts with the treaty of
1831, or whether the hundred thousand acres to be
conferred on the Ohio Shawnees was an addi-
tional gratuity—something over and above the
common right acquired by the treaty of 1825,
made with the Missouri Shawnees. If the hun-
dred thousand acres were in lieu of the common
right which they acquired by the treaty of 1825,
then there is no claim; but if it was an additional
right acquired by one treaty, beyond what was ac-
quired under the other, then there is a valid claim
for the amount of compensation which they seek
to recover from us. It seems to me to depend
entirely on that question; and for the purpose of
determining that question, 1 do not believe that we
now have the necessary lights; and that we would i
do well to throw .the investigation during the re- '
cess, on the Attorney General, who will have ac-
cess to all the files, and ail the papers connected
with this case. By this means, that unsolved
problem could be elucidated, and it would be
clearly comprehended whether the provision in
the subsequent treaty was in fact one of the pre-
visions of the first treaty, or whether it was an in-
dependent gratuity. That appears to me to be
the only question; and the amendment provides
for its investigation.
Mr. CASS. I feel some interest in this appli-
cation, not only because I believe the claim to be
a very equitable one, but in consequence of the
personal relations that have subsisted between my-
self and that band of Indians whose case is pre-
sented before us as applicants on this occasion.
I have received a paper which I will ask the Sec-
retary of the Senate to read.
The paper was read, as follows:
3d August, 1852.
Dear Sir: We address you as an old fnend of our na-
tion upon our business now before the Senate, as we hear
it said that the money for our land should not be paid until
further investigation because there "is some doubt as to
whether the Missouri or Ohio Shawnees are entitled to it.
We are the delegates of our whole nation, and the author-
ity under which we actwasgranted in general council with
the consent of all our people of both parties, and with a
perfect under&tanding that the money received for our lands
was to be divided amongst all of us. We have lived a long
Urae together and enjoy our annuities in common. When
the Ohio Shawnees settled on the Kansas river, the Mis-
souri Shawnees received no annuity whatever; but since
our amalgamation, the annuity of the Ohio Shawnees ha*
been shared by all of us in common.
The undersigned represent both branched of the tribe, and
they have never heaid that any other members of either
branch of the tribe had authority to do so. They have heard
that a paper was signed by a few ot their people, claiming that
the money due for their land should be paid to the Missouri
Shawnees. They have never seen this paper, but under-
stand it was not the act of the tiibe in council, and that it
was not witnessed by any Government officer. Th6y hope
you will ask for it, and see what it is, and whether it is the
act of the tribe.
The clause in the Indian bill now pending in the Senate
is just as the undersigned and their nation desired it. Tt
proposes to pay the money to all our people, and we hope
it will pass. We have all lived peaceably together, and if
there is anybody trying to create a strife amongst us about
this money, they are more our enemies than our friends.
We have been trying a great many years to close up
this business, and to get our money from the Government,
that we might improve our farms and educate our children.
We have had several deputations here upon this business,
and it has cost our nation a great deal of time and money;
and all we ask now is, that just what money the TJuited
States has received for our land shall be paid us.
Our nation thinks that we should have the money re-
ceived for our laud.s, because the Government eannot give
u«s a patent for the one hundred thousand acres they had
promised us 111 the treaty of 1831. When our nation shall
have given its receipt tor the money now asked for, it will
have no Author claim on the Government for the land ; and
we cannot see what more the Government wants. As the
Government cannot give us the one hundred thousand
acres, we have nothing under the treaty of 1831 to treat
further about. This is a simple question, whether the Gov-
ernment, having the money for our lands, shall return it to
us.
We hope that you, as the old friend of our tribe whom
we have looked up to, will explain this matter and see that
justice is done us.
We hear that the protest that we have alluded to above
was sent here by our friend Colonel Mitchell, of Missouri.
We cannot think this is so, as all our other papers have
come through his office as Superintendent of Indian affairs;
and if that paper had come through him, it would have been
sent to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and we should
have been told of it there. We think it must have been sent
by somebody who had no authority to act for our nation.
If it was handed in by any "Colonel Mitchell," it must
have been some other man. and not Colonel D. D. Mitchell,
superintendent of Indian affairs at St. Louis.
We herewith inclose you a copy of the letter from our
agent, Major Mosely, dated March 4, 1852, which shows
that all we have stated is true, and that when we were sent
here, it was agreed by our whole nation that this money
shall belong, when pard, to <cthe entire Shawnee tribe."
Please- return the inclosed letter to us, as it belongs to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Very respectfully, your friends,
BLACKHOOF, x
JOSEPH PARKS, X
SAR-KEE-SE-MOE,
SPY BUCK. *
Hon. Lewis Cass.
Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to state that the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hun'ter] introduced the
remonstrance referred to in the communication
which has been read, and which purported to be
from members of the Missouri Indians. It was
presented to the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs in the House of Representatives by
Colonel Mitchell, of Minnesota. It was reported
as being Colonel Mitchell, of Missouri; but I re-
member hearing the Senator from Virginia say
distinctly, Colonel Mitchell, of Minnesota. That
was correct. Colonel Mitchell, of Missouri, never
presented such a paper. That explanation cor-
rects the mistake.
Mr. CASS. Accompanying this paper, I have
a letter from their agent, Major Moseley, but I will
not detain the Senate in reading it. Major Moseley
states the favorable condition of the Indians, and
speaks highly of them.
Sir, I have had a good deal of official inter-
course with these Shawnee Indians, and I know
them well. The tribe is a very remarkable one
among the aborigines in theUnited States. They
are emigrants from the South, a kindred tribe to
that of the Cherokees, and came a century and
a half ago and established themselves on the Ohio
river. They are remarkable for their bravery as
well as for their intelligence, and have been so
ever since we have had any acquaintance with
them. Sir, Logan belonged to that tribe; he who
commanded or rather led the Indians at the battle
at the mouth of the Kanhawa, and whose cele-
brated speech has been so much commented upon
and admired by the public for its eloquence, and
which was given to the world by Mr. Jefferson.
Tecumseh also belonged to that tribe, a name
well known to the Senate and to the country. He
was a remarkable man; and there have been two
men in our Indian history who stand prominently
out upon the historic canvas, and have been ac-
tuated by the same motives—men who lived a
