1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
objection to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Louisiana, if it were to have only such an
effect as he intends or has expressed himself as in-
tending. Ifhewill draw up an amendment which
will give to the preemptor the right to hold the
land on which he has settled, I will go with him.
But I can tell the Senator what will be the effept-
of his amendment. He will find that these land
warrants will be held in large numbers by persons
in anticipation of some new tract of country for
which we have jast paid the Indians, being opened
for sale; and as soon as it is in market you will
have them .coming in with their warrants to take
up the whole of it, and thus prevent the Govern-
ment from selling a single dollarVworth for mon-
ey. I am in favor of such an amendment as the
Senator appears to intend—that is, to give to the
preemptor the right to obtain his title to his land
Jjy this depreciated paper currency, as well as to
enable others to get it away -from him. Now, if
the operation of the proviso in the act to which
the Senator has referred is as he lias described it,
it is only consistent with the whole system. The
design is not to facilitate settlements, or to aid
those who are disposed to settle to make a loca-
tion. That is not the object; and if there were an
express proviso in the law declaring that no settler
should have his title by a land warrant, it would
be in perfect keeping with the whole system. The
effect of this amendment would only lie to enable
speculators to buy up these warrants, and the
Senator from Louisiana indicates the most unso-
phisticated innocence if he supposes it would have
any other effect. The whole object of the bounty
land system is the.very contrary of what the Sen-
ator would seem to suppose it. It is not to give
.the land to the settler, but to the speculator. If
the Senator from Louisiana saw this matter in its
proper light, he would see that the provision of
the bill to which he has referred is perfectly con-
sistent with the whole system, and that Senators
would be acting very inconsistly if they sought
for its repeal.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator from Wisconsin
has attributed to me a good deal of "unsophisti-
cated innocence," [laughter.] There is very little
doubt that I am not more innocently unsophisti-
cated than himself. There might, indeed, have
been some doubt on that point until the gentleman
replied to the proposition which I made, and that
was that the practice of the land office before this
provision was passed was to prevent all the evil
which the gentleman preaches so strongly against,
because, as I stated before, they did not allow the
assigned warrants to be located in payment of pre-
emption except in the hands of the original owners.
It is not because I wished to make any change in
the law as it. formerly existed that I have intro-
duced this amendment. I am not aware of any
complaint of the.practice under that law, but it is
because I have found m my communication with
my constituents the actual holder of these bounty
lands in danger of having his preemption taken
from him unless he could prove it up before public
sale. I repeat again, that my only object is to
restore the law as it was before, and I do not care
whether these transferred warrants can be located
on preemptions or not. No, Mr. President, if I
was not so "unsophisticated" as the gentleman
from Wisconsin seems to suppose, I could readily
show how the assignment of land warrants could
benefit other men as well as spfculators. I un-
derstand that the gentleman is a great advocate
for homesteads and homestead exemptions, and
forgiving the public lands to actual settlers. INow
it may appear to hira very "unsophisticated,"
but it does not to me, that if you fix the law so
that a settler can get land at a little less than the
Government price and secure his settlement upon
it, it might, peradventure, operate not altogether in
favor of the speculator alone, but in favor of those
very settlers whom the gentleman has made such
a noise about. You wish to give the settlers their
rights; and when we wish to make these warrants
assignable when we know they will be sold under
par, the cry is raised that they are to go into the
hands of the speculators. "Oh, no," the gentle-
man replies, "that is not my thunder; that is not
my scheme; and therefore it is very unsophisti-
cated to suppose it."
I go for facilitating, in every possible and legal
manner, the entry of their preemption rights by
the settlers; and when I see that these warrants
may be sold under par, and that the settler may
be enabled to get his one hundred and sixty acres
of land for less than he would by the payment of
cash—and I know that the original holders of the
warrants can do it—I am in favor, and if I had
the office <of an agent myself, I would be in favor
of the free payment of these warrants. But does
the gentleman oppose the assignability ? Does not
the original law say that they may be assigned ?
But the question of their assignability is not now
before us. I am not particular about the form,
but as that provision did the evil, I thought the
most effectual way was to eradicate it; and I think
so yet.
Mr. WALKER. I am really very sorry that
my manner should have led the honorable Senator
from Louisiana to suppose that I meant to speak
disrespectfully of him in the least; nor do I know
by his words that he deems me as speaking dis-
respectfully v but I judge so from his manner only.
Now, I said to him and to the Senate, that I was
with him in his amendment, provided that this
bill making land warrants assignable was to pass.
And while I am with him in that amendment if
the bill is to pass, I want the preemptor to be on
an equal footing with the speculator. Hence I
am with him; and what I meant, in speaking of
his innocence in regard to this whole system, was
intended as a compliment.; for I intended t'o excuse
him, as one of those who were not guilty of the
scheme which thus favors the speculators.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not so understand the
Senator.
Mr. WALKER. It is what I really meant, and
I do believe that if there be a man who is really
innocent of any design to aid the speculators, the
honorable Senator from Louisiana is the one, for
I have never seen him operating in any way to
favor them. I meant what I said as a sort of satire
upon the system of issuing land warrants at all,
and not upon the Senator from Louisiana. I will
state jtgsun that my reason for favoring his amend-
ment is, that the preemptor may be on an equal
footing with the speculator if this bill shall pass.
The Senator is right. The bill in its present form
will cut out the preemptor, and will not allow
him to get lands for $1 25 per acre, while the
speculators will get them under this depreciating
system for less than half that sum. I will suggest
to the Senator, that he should offer an amendment
providing that this provision of the appropriation
bill of the last Congress shall not extend to persons
who desire to have secure titles to land on pre-
emption. I think the Senator may thus accomplish
his object, and secure an end which is desirable.
Mr. GWIN. Although the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana may not be exactly in
form, certainly the principle contained in it ought
to be adopted. If that provision in the civil and
diplomatic bill be not repealed, there is not a single
citizen of California who can get any bountv land,
because there is not a foot of land surveyed there
upon which a location could be made. 1 presume
there is not a State in the Union in which there
are more persons entitled to land warrants than in
California. Citizens who were in the last war, are
living there. They cannot get any land there
unless the provision of the civil and diplomatic bill
be repealed. I hope it will be repealed.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will make a suggestion
which I think will meet the object of the Senator
from Louisiana. If I understand the Senator, his
object is this: That a person entitled to a pre-
emption right, shall have the privilege of paying
for the preemption right to one hundred and sixty
acres or eighty acres, as the case may be, with a
land warrant. Why not say so at once in direct
terms? Why not say that these land warrants
shall be receivable at the different land offices in
the United States, in payment for preemption
rights? By doing that you will get through the
difficulties suggested by the Senators from Wis-
consin and California, for most assuredly the ef-
fect would be to allow the location of land war-
rants. If this amendment be adopted in its present
terms, it will open all the public lands to these
land warrants, whether they have or have not
been offered heretofore by the Government for
SaMr. UNDERWOOD. I will read an amend-
ment which 1 have prepared in consequence of the
suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana, to see
whether il will not reconcile all the difficulties. I
concur, with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Atchjsox,] that it would not do to open ibe whole
of the public lands to theseftand wairants, all Over
the country in every direction. Why not? 1 am
asked. Because, if speculation will be carried"on,
as has been maintained by the Senator from Wis-
consin , [Mr. Walker,] it would give speculators
an opportunity of withholding the location."of Ae
warrants with the view of entering not only into
lands which are now open but which may here-
after be opened. I am not willing to' open the
public lands thus. I do not thinkit would be good
policy. But I am willing, according to the" sug-
gestion of the Senator from Louisiana, to allow the"
preemptioner to pay for his lands in these war-
rants, and with that view I have prepared in haste'
the following amendment. If acceptable it can be
used. - It is to make an additional section:
He it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any as-
signee of any land w.-mant, who is entitled to preemption,
to pay for suoli preemption in whole or part with the war-
rant or warrants he or she may hold as assignee, anything
in a former law to the comiary notwithstanding.
Mr. DOWNS. That would meet the object,
with the exception that there is an omission m it.
It gives the assignee power to pay with the war-
rant, but does not give the original holder that
power. • By inserting the words " holder or" be-
fore assignee, it would meet the purpose.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Make it "warrantee or
assignee," then.
Mr. DOWNS. But I havedrawn up an amend-
ment, in accordance with the suggestion of the
Senator from Missouri, which I think covers the
whole point. It may come in as a proviso to the
first section:
Provided, That any actual settler entitled to preemption
may enter his preemption or any part thereof with said land
warrants.
That confines it either to the original holder or
assignee. I therefore withdraw my other amend-
ment and offer this.
Mr. PELCH. It seems tome that it would be
better, in carrying out the object the Senator has
in view, to provide that any land warrant might
be used in paying for any land subjec t to preemp-
tion , at the rate of $1 25 per acre, for the preemp-
tion right may attach itself to different sub-divis-
ions, and then there will manifestly be a difficulty.
If it is less, the balance of the warrant cannot,
under the present law, be located elsewhere. I
would suggest to the Senator from Lousiana to
put his amendment in that shape, that in paying
for any land to which a person has a preemption
right, he shall be at liberty to use any warrant he
may have, at the rate of $1-25 per acre.
I will say one word in reference to the other
provision referred to. The difficulty Which the
Senator from Louisiana wishes to obviate, does
not arise from the provision which it was proposed
by his first amendment to repeal. It arises from
other laws altogether. In the first place, it arises
from the law giving preemption right, which re-
quires a person having such a right to- pay in
money for his land in a specific time; and "then
from the bounty land law, which specifies the land
upon which the location shall be made;' so that
the repeal of the provision referred to would not
effect his object. If the amendment were adopted,
it would leave the proviso, which it is proposed to
repeal, standing as it does now. I would suggest
to the Senator to adopt the following, in place of
his amendment:
Provided, That any person entitled to preemption right,
to any land, shall bo entitled to use any such land wairant
in payment.for the same, at the rate ot $195 per acre for the
quantity of land therein specified.
Mr. DOWNS. I will accept that.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose one of the holders of
these warrants is not entitled to preemption, can
he locate his land under that proviso ?
The PRESIDENT. Upon any land subject to
private entry.
Mr. GWIN. Is that all ? That cuts off a very
large class of persons who are entitled to their
warrants, but are in sections of country where
there are no lands subject to private entry. There
is not an acre on the Pacific coast subject to pri-
vate entry, and will not be for years.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer an amendment,
to come in at the latter part of the bill:
fcsEc. — .'hid be it fmtker cnactcd, Tiiat if any oilioer
oi soldier, entitled undo the act of September 2fcf, 1850,
shall have diod <-lnee the passage of said act, the riglif ac-
cruing under said acts to said officer or soldier shali sur-
vive to ins heir or lioirs at law, anything in' said act to the
contrary notwithstanding*
