1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207?
■century apart. At the time the English conquered
Canada, the Ottowa chief Pontiac exercised pro-
digious influence over his countrymen. He was
one of nature's great men. He saw that the whites
were determined to drive the Indians before them,
and that they must finally disappear; he saw that
the English were the predominantcivilized power;
and his object was to unite various tribes into one
confederacy, and with the aid of the French, op-
pose their further progress. It is a matter of his-
tory, as we all know, that his plans were deeply
laid. He contemplated simultaneous attacks upon
all the British posts in the northwest. The day
was fixed, and the attack made. Michihmack-
inac and St. Joseph's were taken, and Detroit es-
caped by a mere accident. He had to yield to
the superior fortunes of the English. Tecumseh
followed the same course with the same object.
The English was, however, the power to which
he looked for aid, for a new party had risen in
the United Scutes, equal tu the English and the
Indians.
Tecumseh followed the same course. He was
not at the battle of Tippecanoe in 1831. If he
had been there the result might have been differ-
ent. Perhaps his presence might have turned the
fate of the day; such was the extent of his influ-
ence. He was at that time in the South, among
the Creeks, with the view of bringing them over
to his measures. His object, as I have said, was
to unite the Indian tribes into a general confeder-
acy, something like the Acheean league in Greece,
under the influence and power of England, with
the view of stopping further encroachments, as
he considered it, on the part of the United States.
His brother, the prophet—a fanatical man, who
had the command—exercised great influence over
the Indians, who believed not so much in his su-
perior intelligence as in his holding communication
with the Great Spirit. In the war that followed,
the party of Tecumseh and of his brother, the
prophet, went over to the British, while a large
portion of the tribe remained attached to the United
States. His brother was with the southern In-
dians, inducing them to cooperate, and to second
their efforts in checking our progress, and prevent-
ing our further encroachment upon them. Here is
a speech made by Tecumseh to Proctor, and a very
extraordinary one it is. I am not going to read it
to the Senate, however. It is too long for that;
but allow me to say that in it he reproaches Proc- j
tor for his cowardice, and tells him that he is pre- i
paring to flee away—that he is fleeing before the [
Ameiicans, while his duty is to fight his own j
battles and those of the Indian, and not to run.
He also shows that the efforts to induce the In- i
dians to enter into hostilities against the United j
States were made by direction of the British au- j
thorities. Of the truth of this there is no doubt. !
"My brother, the Prophet, i* among the Creeks. They i
are doing what you directed when 1 visited them. 'Die I
w.ir is populous. Out hves are in the keeping of the
Oieat Spirit. You have plent> of aims and ammunition. !
Leave them with us it' you mu.st go. We aie ieso|ved to ,
fijjht, and leave our hones on the lands that belong to us, if j
so the Great Spirit wi!N " j
Well, the British army retreated; they lost the j
favorable opportunity which Tecumseh wished I
they should improve, by attacking us upon the j
debarkation, and he fell whilst contending for his i
policy. !
If the Senate will pardon me—it is rather out of !
place, I know, but like a former experienced asso- j
ciate of ours, who is now no longer with us—I !
want to occupy ten minutes in " vindicating the
truth of history." If I am a little garrulous, the
Senate will kindly attribute it to my belonging to
that category, which has a prescriptive right to
tell old tales.
There are two historical points which have been
much debated on, about which I wish to say a few j
words; both are connected with Colonel Johnson
and these Shawnees. The question has been often
mooted as to who was the author of the movement
by which the mounted regiment commenced the
attack upon the British at the battle of theThames.
Probably I know as much upon that subject as
any other man now living, and the facts are these*
General Harrison had prescribed the order of
battle, and promulgated it in the usual manner;
that order directed that the army shouiu move,
infantry in front, with a portion of the force placed
at right angles to the main body, to prevent the
enemy from turning the flank. The cavalry were
to remain in the rear, to follow up all the move-
ments of the infantry. They were posted with
the Thames on one flank and an almost impassable
marsh on the other. Just as the arrangement was
completed, I was sitting on my horse when Gen-
eral Harrison rode up, and said to me, " I have
a great mind to change my order of battle. I feel
very strongly inclined to let Colonel Johnson's
regiment attack the British line first." I replied:
" You have undoubtedly considered the difficulty
attending the charge; the mounted men are brave,
but undisciplined, and their horses unused to ser-
vice. If defeated, they may be upon our line, and
do us irreparable injury." His answer was:
" Colonel Johnson says he can break the British
line, and I will let him try." Well, the movement
was made, and was successful; and never, from
that day to this, have I had a doubt that Colonel
Johnson proposed the movement to General Har-
rison.
One other point, and I am done.
Mr. BUTLER. Did Colonel Johnson's regi-
ment charge the enemy with swords or rifles?
Mr. CASS. The men were all on horseback,
armed with rifles; few of them had swords; they
rode down the British forces, broke their lines al-
most without impediment. \ talked about it after-
wards with some of the British captured officers,
and having expressed my surprise at the little op-
position the movement met with, asked why they
allowed their lines to be broken, and their men to
be rode down ? They replied that " their men had
become alarmed, for they had heard our bugles in
the swamp on the left," where they supposed that
we had a heavy force of regular cavalry. The
bugles, Mr. President, were some old tin horns,
and we had no force there at all.
1 had some conversation on the subject the other
day at Lexington with a very intelligentgentleman,
Captain Johnson, a younger brother of Colonel
Johnson, who was there, and we compared notes,
and agieed in our recollections.
Now, as to the other historic but disputed point:
Who killed Tecumseh ? [Laughter.] I will tell
you what I know. Tecumseh fell in the battle,
as we are all aware; but the following year the
Prophet,Tecumseh's brother, and his son, young
Tecumseh, a very intelligent young man, often
came to see me, and we had several conversations
respecting the series of events in which his father
was engaged. The young man was near his
father's side in the battle, but hie, uncle, the Prophet,
was in the Creek country, upon the mission to
which I have referred. The young man described
the battle very graphically—the persons, the par-
ties present, and the incidents, without hesitation,
from the beginning to the end, and I have no more
doubt, from his narration, than I have that I am
here, that Colonel Johnson was the person who
killed his father. There were three of the John-
sons m the battle, and they were as brave men as
ever followed the standard of their country to
war.
Wow, with respect to this Shawnee claim, there
is up in the gallery before us, watching our de-
liberations, a white man, whose name is Parks.
I have known him since 1814. When a boy, he
was taken prisoner by the Indians, and was
brought up among the Wyandots and Shawnees;
and a more reliable man, or one more faithful to
the country, has not existed since the landing of
the Pilgrims upon the Rock of Plymouth. The
Government, in 1814, were necessarily driven to
change the policy they adopted. They at first
determined not to employ the Indians; hut had
they known them as well as the frontier settlers,
they would not have attempted such a policy.
The English Government called the Indians to-
gether from every portion of their dominions, gave
them immense quantities of ammunition, provis-
ions, and clothing, and invited them to take up the
tomahawk against the United States, and they did
so. An Indian must sometimes go to war, and
at all times he has a strong inclination to do so.
It is a part of their education; and no young man
stands well with his nation who has not imbrued
his hands in blood. They hold great periodical
assemblages and feasts, where the whole tribe is
collected, and a post is erected. Every warrior
comes to that post, and strikes it, and sings his war-
song, and recounts his feats of arms, and boasts
of his prowess. If hehas no deed of daring to tell:
if he cannot relate his hair-breadth 'scapes, and
the number of scalps he has taken, he is no man.
He dare not tell a lie before his whole village; for
he would soon be covered with shame. Well, if
he cannot take part in this cherished ceremony,
this tried ceremony, and say " I killed, or aided in
killing such a man, and under such circumstances,
and took his scalp," he is no warrior; the very
squaws would laugh at him; and my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Atchison] knows well how dis-
agreeable such female contempt must be.
And therefore it was that during the late contest
with England our Government was compelled to
change its po!icy,and consequently, in 1814, Gen-
eral Harrison and myself were appointed commis-
sioners to invite the Indians to join us, as we had
found, by dear experience, that if thev were not
with us, they would be against us. We met them
at Greenville, Ohio, where the largest number of
Indians was collected together that I have ever
seen, before or since. They took up the toma-
hawk, with their own imposing ceremonies, and
they generally remained faithful to us, and many
of them rendered very efficient services to our
cause. A party of the Shawnees accompanied me
from the treaty ground to the northwestern fron-
tier, then in great peril from the incursions of the
hostile Indians, and m a defenseless condition, in
consequence of our force having been ordered be-
low to aid the operations upon the Niagara. They
were ranging in the woods around Detroit, and
we had an engagement with them within two miles
of the town, and an inhabitant was killed in the
town itself. It was under these circumstances,
that Parks, then but a lad, and Blackhoof, the
principal chief of the tribe, whose son is also in
the gallery before me, with a party of their people,
came to the rescue, and saved us perhaps from
destruction. They crossed into Canada, and were
with General McArthur \n his expedition there,
by which the quiet of the frontier was secured.
And there is h third Shawnee, sitting there with
his two friends. He is the son of a true and brave
chief, called Captain Tommy, a son of an Indian
aid-de-camp to General Harrison, who was with
him during his operations in the Northwest, and
possessed, as well as merited, our confidence: and,
for many years,while they occupied that country,
[ had relations, political and personal, with the
Shawnees, which left a deep impression upon my
mind; and whenever they are in any difficulty, I
will remember them and their bravery and fidelity,
and endeavor to be useful to them.
Now, a word in regard to this treaty. In 1825
a treaty was executed in the State of Missouri
providing for the removal of that band of Shawnee
Indians living at Cape Girardeau, to lands west
of the State. Sir, in that very year I was in-
structed to visit the Shawneesof Ohio, in order to
persuade them to join their countrymen west of
Missouri, and they peremptorily refused to do so.
They would not stir one step, because they hked
their position, and did not wish to abandon it.
Now, what does this treaty provide J It provides,
" that in consideration of the cession aforesaid,
' the United States do hereby agree to give to the
'Shawnee tribe of Indians within the State of
4 Missouri, for themselves and for those of the
4 same nation now residing in Ohio, who may here-
* after emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a
' tract of land equal to fifty miles square."
It is my decided conviction, that when that
treaty was made, it was not expected nor intended
that the whole of the Ohio Indians would go to
take possession of this land. At the very time I
was with the Ohio Shawnees, there were delegates
from the Missouri Indians asking them to go, and
they would not do it. 1 am satisfied that this
clause was inserted to induce as many as chose to
go to do so, holding out the inducement that if
they would go they would be sure of a residence;
but I do not believe it was contemplated at all or
expected that the whole band of the Ohio Shaw-
nees would come in under this clause. Why •
For an obvious reason. Certain it is, that we
have obtained a double consideration for the land.
We have a cession of the Cape Girardeau and of
the Ohio lands—the two tracts—and we have paid
but one consideration, the reservation west of Mis-
souri, which was expressly given for the Cap©
Girardeau purchase.
The Ohio Indians would not have needed such
a provision if they had intended to emigrate in a
body. They had lands of their own. They had
the same powers as the other Indians to go and
secure a country for themselves; but what did the
United States do ) They sold in 1895, to their rel-
