1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
tremely hard case, and one that ought to be re-
lieved, unless, as I before remarked, the precedent
is one which the Congress of the United States
will have to abandon at some other time.
Now, sir, what will be the condition of things,
if this bill is passed? The Government of the
United States, through its agent, disburses fifty-
five, or sixty millions of dollars a year. All this
is to pass into somebody's hands. This is cer-
tainly an age of progress; and I apprehend, and
fearfully apprehend, that if we establish the pre-
cedent in this case, that it is a good defense for an
officer to set up that he was robbed of the money,
we shall have more robberies in the United States,
than were ever heard of before.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to know if the proofs
in this case do not clcarly establish the fact that
the money was stolen? and whether there is any
shadow of evidence, tending to show either crim-
inality or neglect on the part of the officer?
Mr. MACE. I will state in reply, Mr. Chair-
man, that the evidence in this case does establish
those facts. And I will state further, that, as a
member of the Committee on Claims, I have ex-
amined fifty cases where the claim which is put in
is fully established by evidence, and by affidavits
duly sworn to. I have in my mind one case now,
where a man establishes by evidence, that he lost
$600,000, because he was not permitted by the
Governmentto go on with his contract, and claims
that amount. I say here, that if this was the only
case before the Congress of the United States now,
or the only case which might hereafter be sub-
mitted similar in its character, I would vote for it
most cheerfully. But if we say that Major Cross
shall be relieved from the payment of this money
because of this larceny, let the collector of New-
York be robbed of a few millions of money under
similar circumstances, he would come in and say
that because of that robbery he ought to be exon-
erated. Now, 1 state these considerations, which
operate upon my mind, for the serious consider-
ation of the committee. I think it is a wrong pre-
cedent, and I believe it is better that Major Cross,
and all others who seek office, and give bonds for
the faithful performance of its duties, should be
held to a strict account, in the same manner as we
hold to account our State officers.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my friend, [Mr. Mace,] who has discussed
this case most fairly, to a distinction which will
most manifestly show the inapplicability of his
arguments. Tke rule which should govern the
House in this case is controlled by the fact, that
in relation to these paymasters in the Army and
in the Navy, they are not surrounded by the Gov-
ernment with those safeguards which attach to the
collector of the port of New York, or by those
which attach to the officers of our State govern-
ments. Their employment necessarily exposes the
public funds in their hands to dangers to which
other officers are not subjected, who are located in
situations of comparative safety, and whose means
of safety are ample. This is a claim which addresses
itself to the equitable jurisdiction of Congress.
Here is a man called into the public servicejand his
friends give a bond for his faithful performance of
its duties, and in the honest discharge of those
duties he has lost money in consequence of the
precarious position in which he was placed. I can
imagine a paymaster placed in a position, m time
of war, with an amount of money under his con-
trol which might be taken by the public enemy—
and such a case would present the same principle
as the case before the rfouse. I desire to know if
there is any gentleman in the committee who de-
sires to lay down a rule for thegovernmentof this
House which will defeat a claim of this kind,
where there has been no wrong, no neglect, no
laches, on the part of the officer, who has been
robbed by the public enemy or by robbers? I can
say to my friend that the rule which I have estab-
lished for myself is this, that wherever there is no
wrong or neglect on the part of the officer, where
he has been placed in a position of great peril, and
the public money has been taken from him, and
the question comes up here, whether the Govern-
ment shall lose the money or the individual's se-
curity shall pay the penalty of the bond, my vote
shall be against the Government, and in iavor of
the surety. The Government requires faithful
discharge of duty only. This House will ascer-
tain first whether there has been neglect or dishon-
esty. If they find no laches on the part of the
public officer, they require no penalties by a bond
for misfortune or unavoidable accident.
Mr. MACE. The gentleman's remarks are
proper in regard to the safeguards thrown around
these men. I do not know what safeguards were
thrown around Major Cross, butthe record shows
that the iron safe was in a certain room in which
he deposited this money, in the city of New Or-
leans. Now, I think it would be better for the
Government of the United States to refuse to pay
all such demands as this, although it might oper-
ate hard upon an individual citizen. The principle
contended for by my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Sweetser,] settles no principle. We must look
at the peculiar facts of each case, and it might
strike the mmd of one man that it was right to
pay, and another that it was not. We should say
sternly to every agent of this Government who is
in possession of public funds, that in taking that
duty upon him, if he is robbed of that money, he
shall be held responsible for it. If we do not adopt
that principle, I greatly fear—and I apprehend
every other man who has looked into the records
of this House, upon the subject of claims, will
fear—that we will, session after session, have
claims presented for the loss of money without the
least snow of foundation whatever. I have no
doubt that this money was lost, as the report indi-
cates; but I am opposed to establishing the prin-
ciple that the party shall, in such cases, be re-
lieved. He took this responsibility upon himself
when he sought the office, and he knew, or ought
to have known, what the law was; and if he was
robbed of the money, why, as a matter of course,
he ought to be the loser.
Mr. PORTER. I admit the correctness of the
proposition laid down by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Mace,] that the loss of this money
by robbery would not be a legal defense to an
action for theiecovery of the same from the officer
by the Government. And if it were not a correct
proposition, Major Cross could have no occasion i;
to apply to Congress for the purpose of being re- ji
lieved from that strict legal liability. That propo- T
sition does not reach the merits of this claim. If
it were a legal defense that he was robbed of this |
money which he held as quartermaster, then he j
would have no occasion to apply for relief at the ;
hands of Congress as to so much as he failed to b
recover. And it is precisely for the reason, Mr. j,
Chairman, that the strict iron rule of the law, as j;
applicable to the case, subjected him to this habil- !_
ity, and that it was not competent for the account- i:
mg officer of the Treasury to allow him a credit I
therefor, that he has applied to Congress for re- l\
hef. 1 contend that this is a very strong, urgent, |;
and imperious call upon the justice and magna- >■,
nimity of the Government^ j!
Now, sir, the facts of this case are undisputed, ji
to wit: that Major Cross, as quartermaster, had i,
charge of a certain amount of public funds; that ji
he used all proper and reasonable care in taking i;
charge of and preserving those pubhefunds; there p
is no pretence on the part of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] and there can be no well- j
founded pretense on the part of any gentleman, j,
that Major Cross was guilty of a single scintilla |
or particle of negligence or default in regard to ^
taking care of and preserving these funds from ;
loss. He placed that money in a strong box in j;
the usual place of deposit; he was compelled to
keep it in his personal custody because he was I,
needing it from day to day to meet the wants of;
the Government; he kept It just where his prede- j
cessor in office had kept the public tunds—-in a
strong: box, in a safe and secure public building, i
provided for that purpose. A robber entered that |
building, concealed himself, and unfastened the (
fastenings of two of the b3ck doors, unknown to i
the custodian and guardian of the building; he ^
returned at night by stealth, in company with '
others, got the keys of the safe from the place ;
where they were kept, unlocked the safe and took
out the money—the details of which are explained
by the report'and other papers m the case. There
is no pretense that the quartermaster did not use :
all reasonable and proper caie and precaution for |
the purpose of preserving the public funds com-
mitted to his charge. That fact is not only ap- ■
parent from the evidence befor^ the committee,
and from the report of the committee, but it is ,
also \erified by a court of inquiry, called at the
instance of Major Cross, for the purpose of in- _
vestigating his conduct, and who reported that he ■
had been guilty of no negligence or default, but
had used all precaution. Then, sir, that fact is
established.
It also appears, further, that he made use of all
possible diligence for the purpose of indemnify-
ing the Government for the loss of those Treas-
ury notes, by notifying the Treasurer of the
United States the day after the robbery occurred,
of the fact that the notes had been stolen, of the
numbers of the notes, and a description of them,
so that the Treasury of the United Spates might
refuse to pay the notes when they should be pre-
sented.
It appears from evidence in the case, that all
possible diligence was used for the purpose of re-
covering the money which Irad been stolen, from
the robbers, and of bringing them to punishment.
Soon after the robbery occurrcd, he recovered a
portion of the money which had not yet been
made way with, detected and arrested the robbers,
and prosecuted them to conviction. All this is
shown by the record in the case, filed with the
papers. It appears, therefore, that all possible
diligence was used by the quartermaster for the
recovery of the money which had been stolen.
Mr. K.UHNS. I beg leave to ask the gentle*
man whether the notes that were not recovered
from the robbers have ever been presented at the
Treasury?
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir, I suppose they were
afterwards presented and paid—for the Depart-
ment, from the correspondence with Major Cross,
seems to have held, that the notes having got into
the hands of bonajide holders, uncanceled, it had
no right to refuse the payment of them. These
are substantially the facts of the case.
The only remaining question to which I will
call the attention of the committee, is in regard to
the practice of the Treasury, and the rule recog-
nized by the Government in similar cases to the
one now pending before the committee. As far
back as the year 1791, the rule was laid down by
the Treasury Department, and acquiesced in by
the House of Representatives. There was a case
pending before the House in the year 1791—the
case of George Webb, who was a receiver of con-
tinental taxes, and who petitioned for further com-
pensation and indemnity for money stolen from
him. The committee of the House of Represent-
atives submitted the case to the then Secretary of
the Treasury, in the year 1791, and the Secretary
of the Treasury made a report to that committee,
laying down the principle which had obtained in
practice, and the rule which the Government of
the United States should observe in relieving pub-
lic receiving officers from liabilities, or indemnify-
ing them. I call the attention of the committee to
an extract which I have made from that report,
which will be found in the volume of American
State Papers, entitled " Claims," at page 32. It
reads as follows:
" It is a principle which has been admitted in practice at
the Treasury, upon the strength of legal opinions, officially
given, that where a receiver of public money, as a mere
agent, is robbed of such money which may have been in
his keeping, the loss is to be borne by the Government; but
from the very grpnt dan<,'pr of abuse to which a principle of
this nature is liable, it is conceived to be essential to the
public safety that tho utmost strictness and exactness should
be observed in the manner of proceeding. Sevei al circum-
stances appear necessary to be insisted upon: due caution
ami care on the part of the agent; full, precise, and unex-
ceptionable proof of the theft, and immediate notice of it to
the pioper superior nr Department. In the last particular,
this petitioner altogether failed; no notice was given—no
notice of the robbery was given to the Treasury Till sev-
eral months after it had happened,*' &c.
Now, sir, the rule is laid down in general terms,
that where a receiver of the public money is robbed
of that money, the Government will indemnify him
or relieve him from the consequences of that rob-
bery. But in order to protect the Government,
and in view of the principle laid down by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] as to the danger
of setting a bad precedent—and which, to tnat
extent, 1 admit to be correct—it must appear, in the
first place, by unexceptionable evidence, that the
robbery was committed. There is no dispute about
that point, that the robbery was committed. It
must also appear that he used all proper and due
precaution to prevent the robbery; and that, after
the robbery took place in spite of that precaution,
he gave notice to the proper Department, in order
that they might be relieved as far as possible from
the consequences of that robbery. These facts
also appear from the evidence in this case. Major
Cross, therefore, brought himself within this rule,
