2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
atives and friends in Missouri, a given tract of
land, and then in 1831, resold a part of it to these
very Indians upon Wapaghkonetta, saying to
them, " Go you and occupy 100,000 acres of what
you were authorized to occupy seven years ago."
I do not see that there can be any doubt upon this
question; and certainly, looking; to their"relations
with the United States previously, and to the con-
duct of these Indians, and their intelligence—for
they are the most intelligent Indians upon our bor-
ders—looking to the pertinacity .with which they
adhere to,this claim, and to the fact that they are
perfectly convinced of the justice of it, having pros-
ecuted it for years, and' looking to the equity
which ought to characterize our intercourse with
all the Indians, and to the faithful conduct of these
Indians in dark and doubtful times, I think we
ought to allow this claim without hesitation. What
is such a claim to this Government? Why, these
Indian claims are not to be measured, as I said the
other day, as you measure a matter in dispute be-
fore a justice of peace. You must look to your
relative position with them, and consider that
you have superior strength and intelligence; you
may spread out before them your designs, and
your papers, but they have a very imperfect idea
of what is upon your piece of paper. How can
the Indians understand with precision what is writ-
ten ? They cannot do it, and you cannot explain it
to them. They' look upon it, but can acquire
but very general conceptions of it. They trust to
you. They have a general idea of what you give
them and of what they yield; but as to any cor-
rect understanding of the minute details of the
treaty, their notions are necessarily imperfect. It
is, therefore, our duty to look at the claim, and
not rigidly insist upon every word, when we are
satisfied that they have a fair claim upon us.
Now, [ will not oppose this proposition of the
Senator from Arkansas, although I would much
rather the appropriation stood upon its original
ground; but I do beg the honorable Senator from
Arkansas, together with the chairman of the
Committee on Indians Affairs, [Mr. Atchison,]
whom £ know to be actuated by the best motives,
to appropriate a small sum for the expenses of this
delegation, that they may not find themselves here
without the means of returning.
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly; I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. CASS. It will be but a small amount.
Let us pay these men who have come here to see
to this chum; and then if gentlemen insist upon it,
we can between this and the next session investi-
gate the matter, and see what can be done.
Mr. UN DERWOOD. I do not rise to answer
the question, who killed Tecumseh ? That has
been a question which has been mooted consider-
ably in the State of Kentucky, and indeed a great
deal discussed many years ago. The claims of
Colonel Johnson, and of a private soldier by the
name of King, were brought before the people of
that State, and made the topic of investigation very
generally, but it is a matter of great indifference as
to who accomplished that act. They were equally
brave men, and either one of them would haveper-
formed the feat with as much cheerfulness as the
other. I leave that subject undisposed of.
I have a word or two to say with regard to this
claim, circumstances having induced me to look a
little into it. I am decidedly of opinion that this
money, legally and properly belongs exclusively
to the Ohio tribe of Shawnees, and that the Mis-
souri tribe of Shawnees have no interest in it, ex-
cept so far as it may be conceded to them by the
Ohio tribe. But I am very happy to see that fra-
ternal spirit which has been manifested and ex-
pressed in the paper which the honoiable Senator
from Michigan has caused to be read, and laid
upon the table. I am prepared, and I am willing
to vote this appropriation, and to make up the
compensation to tliem, now, provided that the
rights of the Governmentcan besufficientlyguard-
ed, and all that I rise for is to express the hope,
that my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian]
wiii modify his amendment in such a manner as
to require that a relinquishment shall be made by
the Ohio tribe, of then- claim to the 100,000 acres
and for all future compensation from the Govern-
ment, sufficiently explicit to justify the payment,
immediately, to the whole tribe. Ifsuch an amend-
ment can be adopted I will vote for the appropria-
tion immediately.
If the Senate will give me their attention, I will
attempt to show that this is a just appropriation,
and i think the grounds upon which the claim
rests can be so presented that no one can gainsay
them. By the treaty made with the Missouri
Shawnees on the 7th of November, 1825, it was
stipulated to give to the Missouri Shawnees, in
consideration of land which they owned upon the
Mississippi river, fifty miles square of territory.
That fifty miles square was, by the terms of the
treaty, adjoining the southwest angle of the State
of Missouri; but the treaty contained a provision,
that if the Indians did not wish to select the land
there, they might take it elsewhere. In pursu-
ance of that provision, the fifty miles square were,
in the end, laid off for them upon the Kansas
river. Now the Senate will be pleased to remem-
ber that these fifty miles square were to be given
by the Government to the Missouri Indians in
consideration of the title which they had to the
land upon the Mississippi river. In the treaty of
1825 this clause was inserted, which I will now
read, and which constitutes the foundation upon
which all the difficulty rests:
" It is further agreed by the contracting parties, that, in
consideration of tile cession aforesaid, the United States do
hereby agree to give to the Shawnee tribe of Indians within
the Slate of Missouri, for themselves and for those of the
same nation now residing in Ohio, who may hereafter emi-
grate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract of land equal to
fifty (50) miles square."
Now, sir, why was this insertion made, that
the United States would agree to give fifty miles
square, if this is for themselves and for those of
the Ohio Shawnees who might choose to emi-
grate and settle with tliem. Why was it inserted?
These Ohio Shawnees at that time were no parties
to this treaty. They at that time held their own
land in the State of Ohio, and the United States
did not acquire the land of the Ohio Shawnees till
1831, six years afterwards. Suppose these Ohio
Shawnees had never sold their lands to the United
States, might they not have retained them to this
day? Nobody can deny that. Suppose that they
had never emigrated and settled with the Missouri
Shawnees. Was there any obligation until they
were parties to the treaty? No, sir, none what-
ever. Could anybody have compelled them to do
it? No one whatever. Suppose the Ohio Shaw-
nees had never sold their lands and emigrated and
amalgamated with the Missouri Shawnees, would
not the Missouri Shawnees have held the whole
of the fifty miles square, every foot of it? Can
anybody doubt it? Is it not a complete contract,
by which the Missouri Shawnees would have held
every foot of the fifty miles square in considera-
tion of their lands which they surrendered upon
the Mississippi river? Nobody, it seems to me,
can possily doubt it, if they will take the trouble
to look at the facts.
Well, sir, six years after that the Ohio Shaw-
nees agree to sell their land to the United States;
and in the treaty of 1831 with the Ohio Shawnees
the United States assume that they will lay off
out of the fifty miles square 100,000 acres, to be
exclusively appropriated for the use of the Ohio
Shawnees. What right had the United States to
carve out any special part of these fifty miles
square, which they had given before to the Mis-
souri Shawnees, so that the Ohio Shawnees should
have it? That was a mere act of courtesy on the
part of the Missouri Shawnees to say: we will
receive our brethren, if they choose to come. But
there was no right in the United States to select
one foot of the 100;000 acres, or any part of that
territory which had been given to the Missouri
Shawnees, and say we will set that apart exclu-
sively for the use of the Ohio Shawnees. Yet the
Government did do it, and 1 say that the Govern-
ment had no right to do that. The title of the
Missouri Shawnees was complete to the whole of
the fifty miles square, independent of the title by
this treaty, which took place six years after with
the Ohio Shawnees. This being the fact, what is
the condition of things ? You have obtained from
the Ohio Shawnees their lands, and you have
promised them 100,000 acres within this tract of
fifty miles- square, which you had already stip-
ulated that the Missouri Shawnees should have;
and you said that if good lands could not be ob-
tained within that tract, then you would give them
100,000 acres adjoining somewhere else. You
never did give them the 100,000 acres adjoining;
you had no right to give it within the tract of fifty
miles square. It is as clear as that two and two
make four, that you have obtained the lands of
the Ohio Shawnees, and never paid a cent for them.
That is the state of the case. These Ohio Shaw-
nees ought to be paid either in money or in land.
You promised them 100,000 acres of land, and
you did not give it. You cannot, if you are faith-
ful to the Missouri Shawnees, take it out of that
tract, which you had given six years before to
them; and you have never laid it off in any ad-
joining tract according to the treaty of 1831, al-
though you have pocketed the money of the Ohio
Shawnees.
Now, what has been done ? I say that, accord-
ing to the letter which has been read here, and
which is highly creditable to the hearts of the
Ohio Shawnees, if they are agreed that the money
shall be divided in common among them—and it
is said that the Missouri Shawnees have allowed
the Ohio Shawnees to participate in their annui-
ties—if they are agreed that the Missouri Indians
shall participate, I think it would be right enough
to make the appropriation for them all in common.
But the Ohio Shawnees oughtto make some relin-
quishment to the United States of their claim to
this land, or that country which has been sold to
the United States. If my friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Sebastian] could so modify his amendment
as to embrace that—and I merely make the sug-
gestion to him—I think we might make the appro-
priation absolute. The proviso as it now stands
is—
" Provided, however, That said tribe of Indians shall first
express their assent that the payment of the above sum
shall be made equally to the whole tribe rather than to
either division thereof"
If the Senator will so alter the proviso as to
include that portion of the Missouri Indians who
formerly constituted a portion of the Ohio Shaw-
nees, and then add at the end of the section some
words providing further that they shall relinquish
all claims to which they might be entitled by the
treaty of 1831, 1 could agree to the appropriation
being made at once.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The amendment which I
have offered embraces the very suggestions which
the Senator from Kentucky has made. It pro-
vides that the money shall be received in common
between the Missouri and the Ohio Shawnees;
that they shall enjoy the grant in common; and it
provides further that they shall release their claims
on the Government to the exclusive right to the
hundred thousand acres of land provided by the
treaty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Precisely. I will state
to my friend the difference between the two propo-
sitions to which 1 wish to call his attention. I ap-
prove entirely of the provisions of his amendment.
I think they embrace exactly my wishes. But if
I comprehend those provisions, the payment of
the money cannot take place until all the other
things specified take place. My object was to
have-the amendment made in such a manner that
when the relinquishment of the claim is made in
full, the money may be paid over without further
delay. I am so thoroughly convinced of the pro-
priety and justice of this claim that I would be
willing to make the appropriation without further
delay. Hence, I make the suggestion to my friend
that if he will make the amendment I have inti-
mated, the appropriation might become absolute,
and the money could be taken out of the Treasury
upon the execution of a relinquishment of the
claims of these Indians against the United States.
That is the only difference between my proposi-
tion and that of my friend from Arkansas. But
if that does not meet with his approbation, and
some other friend does not propose such an amend-
ment, I shall certainly vote for the amendment
which he has offered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator can attain
his object by moving to strike out that portion of
my amendment which prevents the appropriation
from being absolute and unconditional. The rea-
son why I cannot myself accede to the suggestion
of the Senator from Kentucky is. that this amend-
ment is offered by me, under the direction of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. It is not my own
individual amendment, but I express the view of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in offering it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, I know there is some
little difficulty in a gentleman occupying my posi-
tion interfering with the business of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, or any other committee,
when they understand the business so much bet-
ter than I profess to do. They can immediately
