1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
which has been considered as the settled practice
of Congress from that time down to the present.
Then we are not setting a new precedent, as the
gentleman from Indiana seemed to intimate, by
allowing this claim, but simply seeking to follow
in the track of the sound and safe precedent then
set. Major Cross is only asking that he shall be
relieved according to the principles laid down in
that report.
Now, the fact that we may open the door to
abuse, if we grant this relief, ought to have no
weight here. If that argument was allowed to
weigh with the committee, it would put an end to
all legislation in cases of this description, because
there is no claim either upon the justice or the
bounty of the Government, the allowance of which
may not tend to abuse. We are not infallible; we
are liable to be imposed upon; and if that argu-
ment was allowed to weigh to defeat a just claim,
that we are setting a dangeious precedent, it would,
if it proved anything, prove quite too much, and
amount to a denial of justice in almost, if not all
cases, however hard ihey might be, where relief
could not be obtained according to the strict rales
of law.
Now, the case which the gentleman from In-
diana has stated of a collector of the revenue,
or sheriff, does not at ail reach this case; it merely
shows that the collector of taxes, or the public
receiving ordtsbursingofficer, whoever he might be,
would be liable, legally, to pay to the Government
the money of wnich lie haa been robbed, and that
in this case the quartermaster cannot be relieved
in the usual course of legal proceedings, from lia-
bility for this money of which he has been robbed
and failed to recover. But the question is, whether
the Government, on principles ofjustice and equity,
should not relieve him from that legal liability,
which, without any fault on his part, and by the
acts of others which he could not have controlled,
by any reasonable care and caution, has been im-
posed upon him. If a collector of the public rev-
enue in one of the States should be robbed of a
portion of the public money, he might appeal to
the Legislature of that State for relief; and if it
appeared that he had been robbed without any de-
fault of his, but by inevitable accident—that he
had been deprived of the money by force and vio-
lence, or theft, it would present a case somewhat
analogous to this.
The gentleman admits'that this is a strong case;
but the objection to it is, that it is setting a dan-
gerous precedent. I answer that by saying, that
we are following out the precedent that has been
alreudy set for us. We are only seeking to do to
this individual that justice which any magnani-
mous, liberal-minded man (the law out of the ques-
tion) would say ought to he awarded to him. It
would be much better for the Government, in this
case, to lose this small amount than that an hon-
est and meritorious officer should be crushed or
ruined by having to pay the same in consequence
of the refusal of Congiess to relieve him from his
existing liability to account for the whole amount
■which came to his hands.
Let me say, in conclusion, that the question of
Strict law not being befure the committee at all, it
being conceded, that according to the strict rules of
law this claimant is liable to have this amount co-
erced out of him, I contend that not only upon
principles of justice and equity, as between the
Government and its officers, hut according to the
very just and proper rule laid down by the Treas-
ury Department, in 1791, and acquiesced in by
this Government since, he is entitled to the relief he
asks at the hands of Congress.
^ Mr. GOODENOW. Mr. Chairman, I am de-
sirous of calling the attention of the committee to
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in a case almost precisely similar to the one
now under consideration.
I do not rise to oppose this bill, but I feel it to
be my duty to present to this committee the law,
as laid down by the Supreme Court of the United
States, in order that they may determine wheth-
er, in a case of a similar character, they will be
governed by that law, or will take up each indi-
vidual case, and decide it upon its particular mer-
its.
I am not at all disposed to controvert the facts,
as stated by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Portbr.J I am willing to concede that this is a
hard case. But I suppose that in this case, as in
all others, Major Cross gave bonds to the Gov-
ernment in the usual form, such as are given by
all those to whom public money is intrusted.
In the case of United Stales vs. Prescott et al.f
j in the 3d Howard's United States Reports, the facts
are similar to those in this case, and Mr. Justice
McLean, who delivered the opinion of the Court,
said:
" Public policy requires that every depositary of the pub-
lic money should he held to a strict accountability. Not
\ only that lie should exercise the highest degreeof vigilance,
; but that' he should keep saiely5 llie moneys which come to
j Inn hands. Any iela\auon of this condition would open a
' dooi to trauds, which might bo practiced with impunity. A
| depositary would have nothing more to do to lay lus plans
i and at range his pioois, ho us to establish his lo s, without
| Inches on lus part Let such a principle be applied to our
; postmasters. collectors, oi the cu-toms, receivers oi public
I moneys, and others who leceive inoie or le&s of the public
! tutidf, and what losses might not be anticipated by the pnb-
; lie? No such principle has been recognized oi admitted as
a legal defense. And it is believed that the instances are
tew, it indeed any can be found, wheie any relief haa been
given in such ca&ess by the intet position of' Congress. As
every depositaiy receives the office with a full knowledge
of its lesponsibilities, he cannot, in ca e of loss, complain
of hardship. He must stand by las bond, and meet the
hazards which he voluntauly incurs. The question cei ti-
tled to us is answered, that the defendant, Prescott, and
his sureties, are not discharged trom the bond by a feloni-
ously stealing of the money, without any fault or negligence
on the part of the depositary."
Now, Mr. Chairman, the principles involved
seem to have been very clearly laid down there,
by Mr. Justice McLean, in a case precisely sim-
ilar to this; and the question before the committee
now is, whether they will depart from those prin-
ciples of law, and investigate every particular case
| that comes before them, and decide it according to
| their own notions of what is just. If that be the
| opinion of the committee, and they will signify it
; in such a manner as that it may be regarded as a
I precedent, I have no objection to voting in favor
! of the bill. Theie are many claims before the
i committees of Congress that involve the same
I piinciple as this does, and it seems to me that it
would be as well for this committee to settle the
; principle on which those claims shall be disposed
: of, at once, as to take up time in discussing
' every individual case that may be brought before
| us, I have therefore felt it to be my duty to pre-
sent this decision of the Supreme Court for the
consideration of the committee, at the same time
saying that I have no objection to voting in favor
of this claim—which, I doubt not, is a meritorious
one—if it shall be the opinion of the committee
that the law, as laid down by Justice McLean, is
not to govern this House, but that each case is to
be decided on its own merits.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I am glad
that the gentleman who has just taken his seat has
been willing to make this case the leading one, in
relation to all this class of cases; and inasmuch as
j he has read a strong case from a high judicial
! tribunal of the country, and presented a question
of some moment, I hope the committee will listen
to me for a few minutes. It is well known by
the committee, that the courts of the United States
| could not take equitable jurisdiction for the pur-
| pos of granting relief to the sureties, and that the
• principles thatapply between individualsin relation
| to equitable rights could not be made the ground
j of equitable jurisdiction in that court. The only
| reason under Heaven, why this class of cases are
I before Congress, is that the courts of the United
; States can only enforce the strict rules of law, and
; whenever an individual forfeits the penalties at-
tached to his bond, they have no power to relieve
| him. But this House holds the equitable con-
: science of the nation, and we are here to-day to
■ determine whether we will hold a public officer,
i who has faithfully discharged his duty, responsi-
j ble for public property of which he was deprived,
: when there are no laches or default on his part,
J but through the villainy of others. He has lost
I the possession of public money. And in such a
i case as that, we are asked to look into precedents,
' where cases have been decided on the strict rules
| of law, In order to determine whether we will grant
relief in a case like the present. Sir, my con-
science is confined by no precedent in this case,
or in any similar case. This House of Repre-
; sentatives—this Congress is the only tribunal in
j the land to which individualsin the public service,
who may be stricken down by accident, misfor-
i tune, the public enemy, or the felon, can appeal
J for adequate relief. In the case before us, there
' seems to have been no default or wrong on the
part of this officer. In the honest discharge of his
public duties, he has been robbed of a portion of
the public funds. He immediately gave notice of
the robbery to the officers of the Government, and
has done all that duty required to detect the thief,
and save the Government from loss, and to protect
the Government from the payment of the Treasury
notes which had been stolen. Could he have
done anything more? An appeal is made to the
equitable conscience of the House to discharge
this man and his sureties, from the obligation to
pay this money, which is the question we are now
to determine.
But I rose for another purpose, and that was to
enter my dissent from the doctrine advanced by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Porter,]
wherein he seems to admit the obligation of the
Government to pay Treasury notes which had been
stolen, which seems to be admitted was done after
Major Cross had given due notice of the larceny.
Now I do not believe that even an innocent holder
of stolen Treasury notes, has any right to demand
their redemption by the Government. The law
merchant does not attach; his remedy is upon the
person from whom he received the paper.
Mr. MACE. Suppose the bill had passed this
body ?
Mr. SWEETSER. That is the very case I
put.
Mr. MACE. I understood thegentleman from
Ohio to say that the holder would have no prop-
erty.
iVIr. SWEETSER. Not at all. I care not
how many hands stolen property may pass
through; it makes no difference. Why, cases
often occur where bank drafts are stolen from the
mail, and are indorsed, and pass into the hands
of an innocent person, and are paid to the holder.
Yet it is well settled that the owner can compel
the bank to pay the money over again, for the
reason that the thief acquired no title to the paper,
neither can a subsequent holder. This is as strong
a case as can be made. I know there is a differ-
ent rule prevailing here at Washington, to which
I dissent. It has been determined in the Land
Office that when land warrants have been stolen,
and the thief or holder has obtained a patent for
the land, that the injured party has no remedy as
against the Government. It may be policy so to
decide; but in my judgment it is not right, and I
will not yield my assent to any such doctrine. I
say deliberately and understanding^ that if these
Treasury notes were stolen, and they can be iden-
tified as stolen property, I care not who is the un-
fortunate man who may buy or hold them, he
would have no right to come here and demand
payment, if any public officer has paid drafts
under such circumstances, he has done it without
authority of law.
Now, m relation to this doctrine of precedent,
I hold that each bill must stand upon its own
merit?. You cannot find any two cases which are
exactly analogous. I am prepared to say, with
regard to this class of cases, where a public officer
has been guilty of no negligence or wrong, and
where public funds placed in his hands have been
taken from him, as is admitted in this case, that
he and his sureties should be discharged; and as a
member of the House of Representatives, I am
prepared to vote in favor of this claim. I shall
do so upon considerations of public duty and
policy.
Mr. SACICETT. I am a member of the com-
mittee which reported this bill, and I am in favor
of its passage. The facts upon which the claim
rests, have been generally stated by the gentleman
who reported the hill. But as there has been a
defense set up against those facts, I beg to briefly
recapitulate those facts, so that the committee may
be able to see how the facts are, and judge the bet-
ter of the defense.
A public officer is put in the possession of cer-
tain funds of the Government, and while thus in
possession, he is robbed. The evidence in the
case clearly and indisputably proves that he was
robbed of these funds, or of a portion of them,
without his connivance and not in consequence of
his negligence. These are the general facts. Now
what is the reason that this officer, thus situated,
should not be released ? It is that if we do it we
set a precedent dangerous to the Treasury of the
country. In other words, it is asked that this
House shall do u evil that good may come." To
do a deliberate wrong, with the facts before us,
for fear that wrong to theTreasury in some future,
