1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
It seems to me an amendment might be easily
drawn up which would meet the case.
The substitute reported by the' Committee on
Public Lands as amended was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, as
amended in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
concurring with the amendment made in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. "WALKER. I suppose this would be the
proper time to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment ? . v
The PRESIDENT. It is now open to amend-
ment.
Mr .WALKER. Before the amendment of the
committee is adopted by the Senate, I have some
amendments which I propose to offer. I look
upon this measure as being effectually an aban-
donment of our present land system, but at the
same time, seeing it to be evidently the determi-
nation of the Senate to pass it, I wish to offer my
amendments, and shall simply ask of the Senate
to give me a recorded vote on them, by yeas and
nays. The first amendment which I piopose to
offer is to insert after section 2, as section 3 of the"
amendment reported by the committee, the fol-
lowing:. •
See. 3. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That wheie any per-
son, beinsj a citizen of the United States, or having declared
his oi iior intention to become such accoidmg to e\i*ung
law*, and bnng of the age oftwenty one years or upwards^
or the head of a family, shall settle uoon anv of the public
lands of the United States not reserved for forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, uavy-j ard.-, or other needful buildings or spe-
cial purposes, or appropriated for other special inps, except
sueh'as are kifbwu to contain mines of the pieeious or
gross metals, or precious stones, a/id shall leside upon and
cultivate the same, or a part thereof, for the term of five
years, such person shall be allowed to enter, without charge,
in le.cal subdivisions, at the proper land office, the land >o
settled upon and occupied not exceeding mijuantitv a quar-
ter section, or one hundred and sixty acres, the said settle-
ment and occupancy to be manifested and proved aceoidirig
to such regulations as shall be adopted and piomulgated by
the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, That when the
settler shall not be a citizen of the United States, but shall
have declared his intention only as aforesaid, he or she
shall not be allowed to make the entiy aforesaid until he or
she shall have perfected his or her naturalization according
to the laws of tlie United States.
Mv. President, the proposition which I have
offered does not fully embrace my views in regard
to the disposition which should be made of the
public lands. I have heretofore submitted a prop-
osition winch I believed to be the correct one; and
I have heretofore had hope of a favorable vote of
the Senate upon it. They have, however, as often
as they have voted upon it, voted it down. This
amendment is ^oing to some extent in conformity
with my own individual view, butnot to the whole
extent. It will be perceived that this is but simply
a proposition to grant to five years' actual settlers
.one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
without charge. It is a proposition which has
been heretofore submitted to the Senate in the
form of an original bill. I remember that the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in the last
Congress, offered apioposition of the kind. Mr.
"Webster, formerly a Senator from Massachusetts,
when in this body, offered a resolution embracing
a proposition of this kind. There was no final
vote taken upon either of those propositions. I
now bring forward this proposition; and I offer it
not in competition with this bill for the assigna-
bility of land warrants, but as additional thereto.
The proposition under consideration, as reported
by the committee, is not, it is true, one which pro-
poses to grant land warrants, but one which pro-
poses to make them assignable. However, it does
propose to authorize the issue of land warrants to
a certain clae* of soldiers, who have heretofore
not been entitled to them. I think it but fair, but
just, and but in keeping with the correct policy of
the country, that if this class of individuals is to
be permitted to have the public Iandsgratuitously,
he who occupies the soil, who cultivates it, who
contributes to the wealth of the country by the
payment of taxes, should also be permitted to re-
ceive lands gratuitously. But I shall make 110
extended speech on this subject. I shall raake no
aigument in advocacy of it. It is a proposition
upon which every Senator must have long re-
flected; and the mmd of every one is probably
made up in regard to it. I will merely ask that
the vote upon this amendment be taken by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say that I have no objection to the prop-
osition contained in this amendment, and us a
separate proposition^ think I should vote for it,
but as an amendment to this bill I shall vote against
it; because I think it is presenting a new question,
and one which must defeat the passage of the bill.
I am very anxiou's that the bill, m its presentform,
should pass. For that reason t shall vote against
the amendment; but I will say to the Senator, that
as a separate proposition I should be favorably
disposed towards it.
Mr. FELCH. I merely wish to remark, that
this proposition involves a question of very gieat
magnitude, and one which was discussed.at some
length at the last session of Congress. The prop-
osition contained in this amendment, if I under-
stand it correctly, goes further than any of the
propositions which have been heretofore submitted
for the attainment of the object of the Senator
from Wisconsin. Most of the other propositions
have provided for some compensation to the Gen-
eral Government for the amount expended by the
General Government in procuring the title to the
public domam. According; to the statistical accounts
upon that subject, if I recollect rightly, the cost of
the public domain to the General Government is
something like twenty-two cents per acre. These
expenditures are constantly going on. That is,
we are constantly proceeding with the surveys of
the public lands. We are constantly keeping up
a system of administering the public lands—land
offices, surveyor's offices, &c., so that these ex-
penditures are constantly accumulating. Former
propositions proposed to remuneiatc the Govern-
ment to a certain extent—some to a greater and
some to a less extent for these expenditures. This
proposition,however, abandons that entirely, and
provides simply for granting; a portion of the pub-
lic domain to every person who shall settle upon
it without any compensation therefor. The other
bills always provided for carrying out the details
of the new system. If I understand the reading
of the amendment correctly, we are to requiie that
there shall be five years'occupancy before any title
can be acquired by the settler. It is perfectly ob-
vious if we are to provide for a system of that kind,
we need further legislation upon that subject.
The Senator from Wisconsin proposes the adop-
tion of a new and complicated system. When I
say he proposes a new system, 1 do not mean by
that that we have never had any laws which re-
quired a settlement of the lands before certain
rights were acquired; but I mean new as applied
to the geneial distribution of the public domain—
a great and important interest as every man must
see; and so it has ever been regarded. The little
experience which we have had in this matter, is
that which relates to Florida—to the armed occu-
pation of Florida, as it was called. We required
a settlement for a certain length of time to acquire
certain rights. The legislation upon that subject
is mo^t instructive. From the time we passed a
law giving certain rights of this description, and
providing for a certain manner of proof to show
a compliance with the law, almost up to the present
time, there has never been a session of Congress in
which there has not been more or less legislation
on that subject. I cite this for the purpose of
showing that this amendment involves grave and
important questions.
If it is the will of the Senate, and of Congress,
and of the country to change the administration
of the public lands, let us never forget that we are
dealing with a great and momentous question;
and that there is connected with it, and must be
connected with it, avast machinery, so compli-
cated, that unless our legislation upon the subject
shall be carefully matured, unless we shal lhave 1 e-
course to the lights of experience upon the sub-
ject, unless we resort to a careful observation of
the results of what we have done, we shall never
be able to adopt such a system as will accomplish
the objects of those who desire to see it carried
into effect.
Sir, I have my own views in regard to the ad-
ministration of the public domain; and whatever
others may think of it, I cannot regard it in any
other light than as a great and momentous ques-
tion. For my own part, though I am rfady to
take up and examine it—and I desire to examine it
in a view of liberality and with a wish to afford
every facility for the speedy settlement of the pub-
lic domain which can be afforded—yet I certainly
shall regret to see any'hasty legislation on the
subject. Before a proposition, of this kirid-shbuld.
be adopted, I would wish again 'to express my.
views in regard to it. If they are- modified" by
experience, very well. If they are the same-as
they were last year, very well. Othergentleroeh,.*
I know, stand m the s|ime position. And to dis-
pose of the matter by an amendment offered to-a.'
bill, to the subject-matter of which it has no rela-
tion, ahd to dispose of it by a silent vote in this
manner, it seems to me would be asking almost
too much. Of course, I am prepared "to Cast-ray
vote on the subject, if that vote must be cast/ But
if we are *0 think of the subject maturely; if we
are to-act upon it, 1 think it would be better to
take it up in a separate bill, and to act upon it by -
itself, £nd let it receive the investigation which it
deserves—a full consideration by the Senate. 'I
hope we shall ftot dispose of the subject in this
summary manner. I shall not be in favor of add-
ing it to this bill, nor should I be in favor of it if
I agreed 111 the propriety of the proposition to the
fullest extent. I wish to see the details of the new
system.
Mr. BADGER. There is great force and wis-
dom in the observations of thfe honorable Senator
from Michigan, who has just taken hisseat. We
seem to be complicating this measure with a great
variety of things which have n§ connection what-
ever with the main scope and purpose of the bill*
The object of the bill is to make these land war-
rants assignable, so as to put them upon the same
footing with all other property in this country.
That is to say. at the disposal*©f the owner. I
have always been in favor of that object; and for
one I am indisposed to add any proposition to the
bill which shall not have some reasonable connec-
tion with its main object and purpose.
But I confess that so many amendments, and
amendments to amendments, have been proposed,
that I, for one, am incapable of understanding the
operation and effect they are to have upon our
general land system to which the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan has referred. I hope, there-
fore, that this amendment may be allowed to be
printed, and that the Senate will adjourn. ' I move
that the amendments be printed.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the bill
as amended, with the proposed amendments, be
printed.
Mr. BADGER. I adopt the suggestion and
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I understood the Senator from
Wisconsin to suggest that there were some other
amendments which he wished to offer to the bill.
I would suggest that he had better submit them all
informally, and let them be printed.
By unanimqus consent the amendments were
ordered to be printed.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 19, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. y
Prayer by the Kev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the motion made upon Monday last
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Alli-
son,] to suspend the rules to enable him to offer
the following resolution:
Wheieas the Superintendent of the Census has published
—111 the Globe of January 1st, 1852—a clear and condensed
report of the Census, containing a large amount of valuable
information:
And vvheieas that information, now desired by the peo-
ple, cannot be had, in the ordinary course of printing, (or a
long time to come, and then in limited and veiy inadequate
qutintities; therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to order 100,000 copies ot that lepoitfor the use of this
House, provided the eoH>diall *1101 exceed one cent pei copy.
On this question the yeas and nays had been or-
dered.
Mr. SWEETSER mov-ed to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was
not now before the House. The question was
upon the motion to suspend the rules to enable the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to offer the resolu-
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That resolution refers,
I believe, to a publication that was made in the
Globe. I do not know myself what it is, and I
