300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
Was necessary to have some direct action on the
part of the House. The honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means was appealed
to, to offer a resolution instructing the Committee
on Printing to take this matter into consideration
and make a report upon the subject.. We were
ready to act, and would have acted that very day,
if the resolution had been adopted, but when tfie
honorable gentleman presented his resolution it
was 'objected to all over the House. Whenever
the House shall authorize the committee to take
the subject jnto consideration, we shall be ready
to act, and to act promptly.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 am very glad to learn that
this public printer had honesty enough to confess
to the Committee on Printing, the truth which I
was stating when I was interrupted—that he never
has complied with his contract, and the history of
his connection with this House, has been a con-
tinued and living violation of his contract. I care
nothing about it so far as he is concerned individ-
ually, but inasmuch as it encumbers, and embar-
rasses, and arrests the proceedings of this House,
we have a right to complain. The remedy must
consist either in a report from the Committee on
Printing, or in the direct action of this House, in
procuring the publication of the matter that it sends
forth. The power to do it is here; the will to do
it is here; and the duty to do it is also here. I am
indisposed to await the crooked, tortuous delay
experienced by the last Congress through theaction
of the Committee on Printing. Ill the first place,
we are encumbered by a set of rules, under which
we can do nothing except out of order; and in the
second place, we are encumbered witli an insolvent
contractee, who holds back the printing that we
order, under the pretext that he cannot do it, and
then this very insolvency of the contractor is held
up by honorable gentlemen as a solemn obstacle
to the publication of our documents.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interrupting.)
I would suggest to the gentleman from Ohio, that
if we have an insolvent contractee, it would be
well for us immediately to impeach those officers
who made the contract with hnn. Eet us be bound
by our laws. The law requires that those who
make the contract, shall take good security for
the faithful fulfillment of it. Now if it be true
that this has not been done—and I do not know
whether it is true or not—let us commence rightly,
by bringing those who made the contract to judg-
ment and punishment.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman from Georgia
differs fiom me in an important particular. He
proposes to stay the hand of Congress, to delay
the action of the House, and deprive us of this
printing until we can try a collateral question, and
impeach collateral officers. Now, I am for im-
peaching these officers, if they have been guilty of
a dereliction of duty, but I would disregard the
contriu t too.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
would not do it without a hearing.
Mr. CARTTER. Not at all. I would give
them from now till the day of judgment, but I
would have the printing done m the mean time.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let me make another sug-
. gestion. Would it not be better for us this day
to instruct the Committee on Printing to inquire
into the condition of the public printing before we
violate the contract?
Mr. CARTTER. I think not. Tt is against
my whole view of the subject to do any such tiling.
According to my understanding of the legal obli-
gation of a contract, when one party finds the
other in default, and especially in default in a pre-
cedent undertaking, he is at liberty to disregard
the obligation, and the laches on the part of the
precedent obligee furnishes a legal foundation for
his doing it. Now, this contractor has, in con-
versation with our committee,acknowledged him-
self to he 111 that position, and still the gentleman
from Georgia suggests that we had better delay.
o ^i''' The joint Committee on
Public P< mttng have made no such report
Mr. CARTTER. That is very well under-
stood by the House. X
Mr. STEPHENS. Let us call for afull report
Let the committee announce to this House in
pursuance of law, that the contract has been for-
feited, and then X will assist the gentleman to pro-
vide a remedy.
Mi\ CARTTER. The only difference between
the honorable member and myself is, that he pro-
poses to travel through the formula of a report,
instead of taking .a confessed fact and acknowl-
edged truth.
Mr. KING, of New York. There is one point
which has not been alluded to in this discussion,
to which I desire to call the attention of the House
for my own information, and for theirs.
I understand that in case of the refusal or neg-
lect of the public printer to do the work suitably
and conveniently for the House, there is authority
by the contract itself to procure the printing to
be done elsewhere.
Mr. TAYLOR. Who is authorized to do it?
Mr. KING. Why, the parties who made the
contract under the authority of the House—the
clerks, I suppose. I ask that the Committee
on Printing should communicate to the House
whether what 1 have stated is the fact or not. I
understand that it is so.
Mr. CARTTER. My view of the subject
presupposes that there is no such express alter-
nate in the contract, but that the House has the
alternative that every party to a contract that has
been violated has, in virtue of the violation itself, i
and that is clearly our condition. This printer
has neither conformed to his contract in time, ink,
paper, or any of the essential elements of his un-
dertaking; this has been a confessed truth through
two long years; and here we are now, starting off
in a new Congress with the same promises of in-
fidelity to the contract, and yet we are arrested
when we attempt to pick up a little abstract of the
census, with.the plea that we are endangering the
integrity of our contract with this party. For
one, I am prepared to do it. The result of this
census, if dependent on the administration of this
contract and the disposition of the Census Depart-
ment or Bureau—whichever you call it—will not
be published until we are called upon to take an-
other Census. The Census Office is assuming the
character of a permanent bureau, and all the agen-
cies and appliances about that office have in then-
tendencies the object of making it a fixed Depart-
ment of the Government. And, therefore, instead
of having a prompt and punctual publication of
the results of the census, which is only valuable
for present purposes, except as an historic docu-
ment, it is being delayed for years. It is an abuse
of the Government to tolerate it. It is an abuse
of the public mind to tolerate it. What with this
printer and the tendency of the Oppartment to pro-
tract its action in connection witti the census, you
will drag along through this Congress without en- ,
lightening the public in reference to the results of
the last census. I
One of the important designs of the last Con- i
gress, in giving the details of statistics imbodied
111 that census, was to enlighten the citizens of J
the United States and our public officers with re- |
gard to the resources and current condition of the j
country. That object—which was the primary
object m l elation to the statistics—is completely
voided and defeated by this delay. I am m favor !
of compensatmgforitasfaras weareable; andthis '
bugbear about violating the contract of this man, ;
whose very existence is a violation of his contract,
will not deter me from giving such votes as I think i
proper. I now move to lay the motion to recon- j
sider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the '•
yeas and nays; which were ordered—ayes 27, j
noes 84.
A Member. What is the state of the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition was made !
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] i
to reconsid er the vote by which the House has just !
ordered 100,0()0copies of a census document to be !
printed. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart- >
teRjj moves to lay that motion on the table. ,
Upon the latter motion the yeas and nays have '>
been ordered. j
The question was then taken, and there were— i
yeas 112, nays 57; as follows: I
YKAS—Mo?sr?«. Charles Allen, Allison, Andiews, John j
Appleton, William Appleton, Avcrett, Babcoek, Uartlett, i
Bibighaus, Bragg, Brenton, Buggs, Albert (x. Brown, j
BueJl, Burrows, 13usby, E. Oairtngton Cabell, Caldwell, !
Thompson Campbell, Chandlrr, Chapman, Chastam, Clark, !
Cleveland, Cobb, Conger. Culiom, Geoige T. Davis, Daw- j
son, Dean, })iimmck, Dockerv. Duncan, Dutkee, Fitch, !
Fowler, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Gayloid, Gid- j
dings, Gtlmorf, Gondenmv, Green, Grey, Giow, Harper, '
Hart, Haws, HascaJl, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Henn, i.
Hibbard, Hillyer, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. ji
Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Joint li
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Knhns,
Kurtz, Lockbart, Martin, McNair, Meade, Miller, Miner,
Molony, Henry D. Moore, Murray, Nabers, Newton, An-
djjew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Peim, Porter,
Price, Rantoul, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Savage, Sciter-
meihorn, Seudder, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Rickard B-
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, Stuart Benjamin
Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, Walbiidge, Ward,
Wa«hnnrn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wilcox, Williams,
and Y ales—112.
NAiTS—Messrs. Abererombie, Barrere, Bell, Bocock,
Brooks, Churehwcll, Clingman, Colcock, Daniel, John G«
Davis, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edgerton, Ewing, Fiek-
lin, Florence, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W,
Harris, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Jackson,
James Johnson, George W. Jones, Letcher, Mason,
McLanahan, McMullin, Miilson, John Moore, Murphy,
Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Phelps, Pcrtft, Richardson, Robbing
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Bchoonmaker, David L. Seymour,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Strother,
Svveetser, Taylor, George W. Thompson, Venable, Wal-
lace, Walsh, Addison White, Alexander White> and
W ood ward—57.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
THE ELECTION OF THE DELEGATE FROM
UTAH.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ejections be instructed
to inquire into the election of John M. Bernhisel, the pres-
ent Delegate from the Territory of Utah—whether asici
election was held according to law, and whether any bribe-
ry, corioption, or othettllegal means were made use of by
said Bernhisel, with Brigham Yonng, or any other persons,
to secure the said election and return; with power to sent!
for persons and papers.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall not vote
for that resolution, unless some member will rise
in his place and say there are good grounds for
such an investigation.
Mr. PHBtLPS. Is not the question upon the
suspension of the rules in order to allow of the
introduction of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it is a question of privilege.
Mr. BRIGrGS. The resolution has been offered
by me with the best of motives—for the purpose
of investigating the legality of the election of the
present Delegate from that Territory.
I have reason to believe—and I think this House
must have come to the same conclusion, from
evidence laid before them recently by the returned
officers from that Territory—that the gentleman
now occupying a seat here, as a Delegate from
that Territory, holds it with no shadow of right
by law; and that I might not prejudge the case, I
have offered this simple resolution to have the
subject referred to the Committee of Election, for
investigation. I do not desire to prejudge the
case by any remarks upon the resolution. I pre-
fer to await patiently the action of the Committee
of Election. I firmly believe that the gentleman
has no more right to that seat than a subject of a
foreign country.
Mr. KING, of New York. The Delegate from
Utah is not in his seat at this time, it will be
recollected by the Chair, and by the House, that
when the communication from the returned officers
was made to the House thp other day, a com-
mittee of investigation was asked for by that Dele-
gate. The reading of the communication at that
time was refused by the House. I do not know
of any facts—neither does my colleague [Mr.
Briggs] state any particular facts—upon which
to ground a suspicion against the right of that
gentleman to a seat in this House.- As that gen-
tleman is not here, I suggest to my colleague that
this matter lie over until he shall be in his seat.
Mr. BRIGGS. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Utah is not m his seat, I propose to permit
the resolution to go over until to-morrow.
No objection being made,the resolution accord-
ingly went over.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY MEETING*
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution which S
send to the Clerk's table.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That tile use of the Hall be granted to the Col-
omzauon Society for its meeting on the 30th instant.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BTSjXEY. I move a suspension of the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. JOjXEy called for the yeas and nays; winch
were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state that
