1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
tionary Claims, that a diploma of the Cincinnati
Society has been recorded as evidence of three
years' service. The evidence is, that he enlisted
in 1770. that he served during that year the term
of his service. After the expiration of that term,
he enlisted again, and served until 1780, when he
went upon the list of supernumeraries, and under
a resolution of 31st October, 1780, being upon that
list, if he had never been called into service at all
until the close of the war, he would have been en-
titled to commutation pay. But at the expiration
of three months, he was again called into active
service, and remained in the Army until the close
of the war, and upon the disbanding of the Army
in 1783, he received this diploma from the Cincin-
nati Society.
Mr. FOWLER. The gentleman states that if
he had not again been called into the service he
would have been entitled to commutation pay. 1
think the gentleman is mistaken. I believe there
is a provision that he should have one year's pay.
Mr. PULLER. My impression is, that being
upon that list, and subject to the call of the Gov-
ernment at any moment, and being required to
enter the Army whenever summoned to do so, he
became, under that resolution, entitled to commu-
tation pay. Such, I believe, is the law.
Mr. FOWLER made an inquiry, not distinctly
heard by the Reporter, but the objectof which was
to ascertain whether these supernumeraries were
entitled to one or five years' commutation pay.
Mr. STROTHER. I have not the law before
me now. There was a class of supernumeraries,
■who, 1 believe, under the act of 1778, were to re-
ceive one year's pay, and but one. But a subse-
quent act, which I think was passed in 1781, gave
to the supernumeraries their right to half pay, and
of course to the commutation pay. For, at that
time, the desire of the Federal Congress was to
preserve to the Government, by that resolution,
experienced officers who could oe called into ser-
vice at any time. They were to continue liable to
serve, and liable to be called upon, and the holding
of the position of liability was regarded as being
In service. They were not required to be actually
in service, but subject to be ordered into service at
anv time. That has been so decided.
Mr. HALL. 1 have now the extract from the
law, upon which this claim must rest. It does
not rest under the act of 1790, because it does not
cover its provisions. It rests upon the act of 1783,
which provides " that such officers as are now in j
service arid continuing therein to the end of the
war, shall be entitled to receive the sum of five
years' half pay in money or securities bearing in-
terest at si.v per cent." Now the committee will
perceive that this act does notcontemplate what the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] says it
does. It does not contemplate that the scrip shall
bear interest from the close of the war, but only
from the date of the issuing; and if the certificates
were never issued at ail, and payment is made in
money, then this law does not contemplate that the
party should receive any interest at all. The
present proposition is to pay this man in money,
and therefore he is not, by the provisions of the
act of 1783, entitled to interest. If he had a cer-
tificate, Ihen he would be entitled to interest.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. ( request the
indulgence of the committee for one moment. It
will be remembered that I have been practicing
gymnastics fur the last three or four days, trying
to get the floor, to submit my views upon the
homestead bill, -which has been before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
consideration for some time. I am obliged to
leave the city within an hour, and I ask permis-
sion of the House, like my friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall] to file my argument under the rule.
There was no objection, and permission was
granted.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the bill granting homesteads to actual
settlers upon the public lands, to give the soldiers
of the war of 1812, without regard to the term of
their service, one hundred and sixty acres of the
public domain ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, at this
time, no amendment can'* be presented to the
homestead bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer such an
amendment as I have indicated, to submit my
reasons thereon, and the subject generally, and
shall therefore ask that the same privilege may be
extended to me as has been extended .to my col-
league—permission to print my argument. I am
in favor of the bill. Being about to'start for Phil-
adelphia, 1 have requested this indulgence, that
on this question my position might be placed truly
before my constituents and the country.
Theie was no objection, and permission was
granted.
Mr. FULLER, ofPennsylvania. The facts in
this case are these: Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds was
in active service from the time of his original en-
listment, in 1776—being part of the time a super-
numerary—down to the disbanding of the army
on the 9th of July, 1783. If he was in the ser-
vice until the end of the war, he would be entitled,
under the resolution of 1780, to commutation pay.
If he was a supernumerary, he would be entitled
to commutation pay under another resolution of
the same year, so that in either case—in both
cases—he is entitled to the commutation asked for
in this bill. With regard to the matter of inter-
est, all we ask for him is, what has been granted
to other meritorious soldiers of the Revolution.
If they have received interest upon their claims,
Lieutenant Hinds, having rendered as valuable,
as gallant, and as meritorious services as they did,
is entitled to the same interest. We omy ask for
him equality. We only ask for that justice, for
that bounty, if you may call it so, which has been
given to other soldiers of the Revolution. This
question has been fully discussed, and I trust that
no more speeches will be made, but that the vote
be now taken.
[Cries of" Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. GAYLORD. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Will the motion
to report the bill back to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, take precedence
of the motion submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not. If the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio is voted down, the
motion of the gentleman can then be entertained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will make but
one remark. The letter read at the Clerk's table,
from the Third Auditor, is, 1 think, conclusive that
there is no commutation due in this case. Take
that, in connection with the fact, that Bartlett Hinds
lived until 1820, and then had himself placed upon
the pension roll under the acts of 1818 and 1820.
How long he lived after he was entered upon the
pension ioll, the report does not show. I think,
from all these circumstances, it is conclusive that
the man who would have himself placed upon the
pension roll thirty years afier it was alleged lie
was entitled to commutation, would certainly, if
he was entitled to it, have applied to receive it. I
cannot see how they can make out that commuta-
tion is due him.
Mr. HALL. I move to strike out all that part
of the bill providing for the payment of interest.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order, Mr. Chair-
man, to postpone action upon this bill until we
can ascertain from the Department how he de-
scribed his services when he made application for
a pension under the law of 1818?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
the bill could be laid aside for consideration at a
future day, by unanimous consent, but not other-
wise. ......
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask if it is m order to
move that the bill be reported back to the House
with the recommendation that it be recommitted
; to the Committee on Pensions, that they may re-
< port all the facts of the case?
i Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There can be
1 no doubt about it. A motion can be made to post-
pone the bill. Tt will come up regularly the next
1 day upon the Calendar. That is the rule.
! The CHAIRMAN. The question propounded
\ to the Chair was, as to whether this bill could be
; postponed to a particular day by the committee?
t It is in the power of a majority of the committee
| to pass by this bill, to the "next one on the Cal-
l endar. , ,
I Mr. SACKETT. It was to enable the com-
: roitt e to get at the facts of the case, that I sub-
. mitte l my motion. I trust it will meet the appro-
1 bation of the committee.
i Mr. FULLER. I have no objection to any
reasonable postponement, for the purpose of a full
inquiry into the merits of the bill. If it is not
meritorious, we do not want it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is riot de-
batable.
Mr. GAYLORD. What position upon the
Calendar will this bill occupy, if the motion of the
gentleman from New York prevails?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be the first business
in order. It will stand in the same relation that
it does now.
The bill was then laid aside.
PATRICK GASS.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 152, being a bill for the
relief of Patrick Gass.
The bill provided for a grant of three hundred
and twenty acres of the public land to Patrick
Gass, in consideration of his services in the expe-
dition of Lewis and Clark to Orpgon.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM H. WELLS.
The committee next took up for consideration
House bdl No. 155, being a bill for the relief of
William H. Wells and others.
The bill was read through.
Mr. SACKETT. I see in the bill already re-
ported that there is a clause left out, which has
been uniformly inserted in other bills—" any lands
subject to private entry for bounty lands." Under
this bill, they may take alternate sections of lands
which are specially granted to railroads and
canals. It has been usual to insert the clause I
suggest in all of these bills; but I see that it has
been left out in this, and the preceding case. I
move to insert the words, " subject to entry for
bounty lands."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest "such lands as are subject to private entry
at the minimum price."
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr.GORMAN. I wouldsuggestanotheramend-
ment. It is the business of the Secretary of the
Interior to issue the patent, and therefore I move
to strike out of the bill the words " Secretary of
War" and insert" Secretary of the Interior."
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gor-
man's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Oluo. I am at a loss to
understand upon what principle the bill has been
disposed of, and I do not know any reason in the
world why this man cannot get his land warrant
as others do, who were volunteers; I cannot im-
agine any reason upon which this distinction rests.
It is a matter of small consequence, and I do not
propose to make any trouble about it. I move
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation thati^do not pass.
Mr. MILLER. I did not hear the gentleman's
objection.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot understatm why
this man cannot get his land warrant at the proper
Department, as others do who are ent tied.
Mr. MILLER. It hasbeen some time since I
referred to the testimony in this case, but the
committee entertained no doubt, that the heirs of
Lemuel Wells were clearly entitled to the benefit
of the act of Congress of 1811, granting bounty
land to the soldiers who enlisted in the service 9f
the United States for five years and were honor-
ably discharged, or died in the service. The facts,
as t remember them, aie, that Lemuel Wells en-
listed in the year 1814. at the city of New Orleans,
and during the war with Great Britain, for the
period of live years, and before the expiration of
that period, and while in the service, he died.
Under this state of facts, the committee believed
that the heirs of Lemuel Wells, deceased, were
entitled to the bounty provided by the act of 1811.
It is clearly right and proper, that his heirs should
have the benefit of that act-, and I can see no evil
that will result from the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stantom] will with-
draw his motion. The report fully explains the
. whole matter, and there is no doubt as.to the jus-
| tiee of the claim. . „„„i,
I Mr STANTON. I will not interpose any ob-
! jections, if the House are disposed to pass it. 1
I 'withdraw my motion.
