1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOT
the last time they hod the Hall all the curtails
around the bars were torn down, and many of the ;
windows were broken.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] ™
The question wus then taken, and there were—
yeas 94, nays (59: as follows:
YEAS—.Messrs. Wm. Appletor., Barrere, Bell, Brecken-
rid^e, Brigj^, Buell, Bunows, Bu-^by, Thompson Camp-
bell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Conger ,'George
T. David, Dawson, Dimmick, Di&ney, Dockery, Doty,
I)uncan, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Gaylord, Gen-
try, Gihnore, Goodenow, Green, Grow, Hatper, llait.
Haws, lla^call, [Javen, Ilebaid, Hendrieks, Iloisford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoil, Ives, John John-
son, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Loek-
hart, Edward C. Mai shall, Martin, Mason, McLanahan,
McNaii. Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry 1). Mooic, Moie-
head, Moruson, Murray, Newton, OkLs, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Samuel W. Parkei, Pea&lee, Penmnian, Poiter,
Rantonl, Richardson, Robbins, Sr hermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scudder, Origen S. SPeymour, Htanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. .Stanton,
Abraham P. Stevens, Swcetser, Taylor, BenjammThomp
son, George W. Thompson, Thuiston, VValbndge, Walsh,
Washburn, Welch, Wells, Williams, and Yates—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willie Allen, Alli-
son, Andrews, Averett, Babeock, Jiartlett, Boeock, tfragg,
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell,
Cartter, Uhastain, Churchwell, Chngman, Cobb, Coleock,
Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dean, Dunham, Edgerton,
Ewmg, Freeman, Thomas J. J). Fuller. Grey, Hall, Ham-
ilton, tsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hemi, Hib-
bard, Hiliyer, Holladay, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George
W. Jones, McCorkle, MeMullin,Meade, Millson, Mmphy,
Nabers, Orr, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Ross, Savage, Smith,
Alexamiei H. Stephens, St. Martin, Stuart, Townshend,
Venahle, Wallace, Ward, Watkius, Alexander White,
Wilcox, and Woodwaid—69.
So the rules were not suspended. !
RIGHT OF STATES TO EXCLUDE NEGROES.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution; and if there be objection,
I will move a suspension of the rules.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Wheieas some of the States of the Union have in their
constitutions piovided for the absolute exclusion of free ne-
groes fiom their several terntoues, while others have
sought to attain the same object by legislation: And
wlieieas complaints have at times been made of these
things by other States and Nations : Theiefore,
Resolved, That in the opinion of the House of Repre-
sentatives, it is the unquestionable right ot each one of the
States of the Union to exclude, either wholly or partially,
from her territory negroes, whether free oi slaves, and that
the exercise of'this right affotds no ju&t ground of com-
plaint to any other Nation oi State.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE objected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, and upon that motion demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 69, nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, Thomas II.
Bayly, Bibighaus, Bocoek, Bragg, Breckemidge, Albert G.
Brown, Busby, E. Carrmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Chastain,
Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Cullom, Curtis, Dimmick, Dis-
ney, Dockevv, Ewmg, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Gaylord,
Gentrv, Gilmore, Giey, Hall, Hamilton, Isbam G. Hams,
Sampson \Y. Harn>, Iiait, Henn, Hillyei, Holliday, Hous-
ton Howard, Jackson. Andrew Johnson, Georee W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz. Letcher, Locknart, Mason, Mc-
Coikle, MeMullin. McNair, Meade, Miller, Morelicad,
Murphy, Naber-, On, Outlaw, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
Powell, Robinson, Savage. Smith. Stanly. Frederick P.
Stanton, Riclmid H- Stanton, brother, Stuart, V enable,
Wallace, Walsh, Waul, \\ atkms, Addison White, Alex-
ander White, Wilcox, and Woodwaid—69.
NAVS—Messrs. Abereiombie, Willis Allen, Alhson,
Oaittei, Chandler, Chapman, onurenwen, uicun,
land, Conner, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dotv. JHiiiean, Unnliain, Edgeiton, Fowler, rhoinaa
[ j). Fuller', Goodenow, Glow, Harper, Haws, Hawaii, Ha-
ven Holiaid, Hibbard, Horsfoid. John W. Howe, Thomas
AI. Ilowe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, James John-
son, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, I'reston King, kuhns,
Mai tin, MoLanahan, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Morrison,
Muuav Newton, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penmman,
Rantoul. Robbing, Ross, Sackett, tiehermeihoni, bcliool-
crait, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour, ()ri;;en
g. Seymour, lienjamin Stanton, Abr'in J'. Stevens, Alexan-
der il. Stephens, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, lienjamm
Thompson, George W. Thompson, Thurston, row-nshciid,
Tuck, Walbi'ulge% Washburn, Vv r-leli, Weils, and Wil-
hams—85.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr HAMILTON said that he was requested
to state that Mr. Smart was absent from the
Mouse in consequence of indisposition.
Mr. CLEVELAND also, when his name was
called, said that he was opposed to agitation, and,
therefore, voted no.
[A message was here received from the President
of the United States, by the hand of Millard P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary.]
CLAIMS ALLOWED BY THE D EPARTMEXTS.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a Tesolution,
which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot' State, the Secretary of
the Tieasury, the Secretaiy of the Interior, the Secietaiy of
the Navy, the Secietary ot War, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and heieby aie, instiucted to cau e to be reported
to this House, a  soon a<? may he practicable, full and com-
plete lists of all claims, if any, (including principal and in-
to est, and designating each separately,) allowed and paid
by the respective Departments, or any Bureaus thereof,
since the 4th day of March, A. D. 1849, winch had been
previously presented, suspended, or disallowed, in whole
or in pail; and speuilymg ttie cuaractcr of such claims ; and
ako, that they cause to be leportedthe names of all persons
who at anytime acted as the agents or solicitors tor said
claims, and the pei&ons who received any portion thereof,
oi weie interested thciem.
A Member objected.
Mr. FULLER. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to enable me to introduce the
resolution; and upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered, and tellers upon the yeas
and nays were also refused.
The question now being on the motion to ad-
journ,
Mr. ROBINSON demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Robinson and Clingman
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 47.
So the motion prevailed, and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SMITH cave notice of his intention to introduce a
bill to establish "the following post roads in Alabama, to wit:
From Tuskaloo«u, via lJawly Clement's Cotton Factory,
to Scott-wile, in Bibb county.
Fiom Fayette Court-lloube, via Newtonville, to Reloim,
in i^icketis county.
From Fayette Court-Hoine, via Big Pond and Mud Creek
and 01:nda,to (Jolmnbu**, Mississippi-
Mr. DOTY gave notice of his intention to introduces
bill with the following title •
A bill to establish a Bureau of Printing in the Depart-
ment of the Jntcuor; and piovnhng for the execution of all
puntiuii lequncd bv Congiess, and by the executive De-
partments."
PETITIONS, 8tc.
The following petitions memorials, &c., were presented
under The rule,<uul releired to the apprupimtc committees:
By Mr. DAWSON : The petition of David Tate, a pn-
: vate in the war of 1812, piajmg for a pension on account
of injunes received.
AUo, the petition of Pelei Lane, praying for a grant of
land for services rendered during the war witii Great Brit-
ain.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Greene county, pray-
ing for apost route from Waynesburg toMiddicbourne, Vir-
ginia,
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: Two memorials of
the city of Tioy, New SToik, praying the erection of buoys
m the Hudson river, and the improvement of its navigation
between Troy and Albany.
By Mr. BR1CGS : The resolution by the Common Coun-
cil of the city of New Yoik, teiwleung the Gcncial Govern-
ment a site tor a Mint m that city. *
By Mr. MILLER: The memorial of aiinrtiy citizens of
Missouri, piaying the establishment ot awiuil route from
Shelbvville to Knksville, Missouri.
By Mr. SWEETSER: The petition of G. W . IlcUvick
and 52 otheis, citizens of Franklin county, for an mcroasc
of mail facilities, &e.
By Mr. MAltSHALL,of California: A petition from the
officer*engaged in the eoa-tsui vey in Uahforniaand Oregon,
for additional compensation.
By Mr BABCOCK: The petition of citizen* of Madison
county. New York, piaymg Congress to make an appro-
priation to pay the chaigcs and expenses accruing upon the
goods exhibited by Aineucan citizens at the Woild's Fair.
b By Mi. POUT 15It: The petition of James H. Itobn^on,
guardian of Nathaniel Patten, a minor, and only heir of
Nathaniel Patten, late of Missouri, deceased.
By Mi. WITFTE, of Alabama: A petition for the removal
of the land office at Lebanon, Alabama, to Goshen, Chero-
^ByMr'pEASLEE: The petition of John Brown,jun.,
f"l!v >Tt.SI°K«EKSOLL : The petition of ReDeccj Nipcs
and"o,?lreis, of the State of Connecticut, heirs ol Paul Partes,
^BvlfcFUJLLER, of Maine: The memorial and petition
of T(1do K.Tolman and 03 other-, citizens of Maine, as King
Conweas to mitko an appropriation tor a breakwater on the
eastptn sicle of the Island of Matmieiif, tor the satety and
protection of n-mgation and eommeice.
' Also, the memorial of J. D. Parker and 108 others crti-
?.ons Of the counties of Washington and Hamilton, Maine,
praying Congress that a light-house may be established on
Eastern Island, at or near the entrance of Gouteboroagh har-
bor, in the town of Steuben, in said State.
Also, the memorial of Mark Trafton and others, praying
Congress to pass a special law allowing manufactured lum-
ber, exclusively of the growth and production of the soil of
Maine, and which may be manufactured at the Aroostook
falls on the Aroostook rive^situated partly in the State of
Maine and partly in the Province of New Brunswick, to be
imported into the United States free of duty.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 20, 3852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. P. Morgan."
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The following message was received from the
President of the United Slates, by Mr. M. P.
i Fillmore, his Private Secretary; which was read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a report fiom the Secretary of
State, accompanied bv a letter to him from the contractors
for paying the installment of Mexican indemnity dueon the
31st of May next, and lespoetfully invite attention to the
subject. MTLLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 19, 18.V2.
Ordered, Thatjt be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance and printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of Wash-
ington A. Bartlett and other officers of the Navy,
praying additional pay during their service in the
Pacific; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of the heirs
of William Tuttle, a revolutionary officer, praying
to be allowed commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Margaret Farror, praying that a sum of money
due her under the treaty of 1836 with the Sac and
Fox Indians,"may be paid; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. <. .
Mr. GWiN presented the memorial of Thomae
O. Larkin, praying compensation for supplies
furnished for the use of the California battalion
during the late war with Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
the Marine Insurance Company of Philadelphia,
praying that the salary of the united States dis-
trict judge at Key West, in Florida, may be in-
creased; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
, Mr. NORRIS submitted additional documents
! in relation to the petition of Isaac Adams; which
' were referred to the Committee on Patents and. the
I Patent Ollice.
! Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, D. C., praying the improvement
i of Delaware Avenue, north of the Capitol; which
| was referred to the Committee for the District of
! Columbia. , . . . .
I Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
! Board of Aldermen and Board of Assistants of the
: city of New York, tendering to the United States
a plot of ground in that city for the erection of a
Miyt; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
the administrator of Charles Foster, praying the
appointment of a tribunal for reviewing the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners for set-
tling claims against Mexico.
Ordered, That it lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS submitted additional documents in
relation to the petition of John W.Whipple; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERKED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the memorial of the representatives of
' William Teas, on the files of the Senate, be reierrod to the
! Committee on Revolutions y Claims.
j On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it. was
I Ordered. That the petition of Elizabeth Jonee, heir of
j John Carr, on the files of the Senate, be refeired to tbe
| Committee on Pensions.
j On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
! Orders#, That the memotml of Ceorsre McKay, on the
! files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
' Lands.
1 Oil motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
I Ordered, That the petition of Gilbert Knapp, on the files
■ of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
j On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
