SOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan, 20,
Ordered, Tbattbe memoiial of the heirs of Drnus Gar-
rason, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee Ql Claims. ~
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. ^
On motion by Mr. S£\W\.RD, it was
' Ordered, That the petition of Anna Norton and Louis
Foskit, heirs at law of Zephamah Ross, on tiie file! of the
Senate, bo referred to the Comimttee*on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
file* of the Senate the documents. in relation to the claims
of Charles Reeder, Walter R.. Johnson, and the legal rep-
resentatives of Thomas P. Jones.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Plymouth coun-
ty. Massachusetts, on the files of the Senate, in relation to
the improvement of North river, be referred to the Com-
mittee oy Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions ot the corporate authorities
of Lynn, Massachusetts, with the documents on the files
of the Senate relating to the establishment of a port of
entry at that place, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr, UPHAM,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of John T. Sullivan, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief, -tfhich was
read and passed to a second reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committeeon Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial and
papers of Joseph Gideon, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
,also, from the same committee, to whom
was deferred the memorial and papers of John O.
Means, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Robert Piatt,
submitted an adverse report, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill to reimburse the Common Council
of New York expenditures made for the first re-
giment of New York volunteers.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill granting the
right of way to the State of Missouri, and appor-
tion of the public lands to aid ill the construction
of a railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in said
State, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill granting to the State of Mich-
igan the right of way and a donation of the public
lands for the purpose of constructing a canal or
railroad across the peninsula of Michigan, report-
ed it without amendment.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution to
authori/.e an investigation into the causes of the
explosion of steam-boilers, and the best means of
preventing the same, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the proceedings of a court of inquiry
in the case of William K." Latimer, a captain in
the Navy, reported the following- resolution:
Resolved, That the charges and .\pecitications, and also
the report aud opinion ot' a court of inquir" in the case of
v,S™wllleI, a'Ki the lettcrof tlie «C"etary of the
',?r;n,'T^B.t^,s?i"e'-andthe «enera| °r<!«  > sa«i
cast, dated July 1,18.,1, bo punted foi the mo of Die Senate.
Mi. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill granting
to the State of Arkansas the right of way and I
portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point on the western hank
of the Mississippi river, opposite the town of
Memphis, Tennessee, by way of Little Rock, to a
point on Red river, on the border of Texas re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State of Arkansas
in aid of the construction of certain railroads in
said State, reported it without'amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill granting to the State of Ar-
kansas the right of way and making a donation of
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Helena to Port Smith,
in Arkansas, reported-it without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee tin Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill enti-
tled "A bill for the relief of David C. Cash and
Giles U. Ellis," reported it without amendment,
and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of johnErvin, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill, to confirm the claim of John Ervin to a cer-
tain tract of land in the De Bastrop claim.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be [Hinted.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
George Poindexter, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Public Lands bo dis-
charged fioni the further consideration of six petitions of
citizens of Michigan, m relation to the Zilwankie, Grand
Traverse, and Mackinaw Flank Road Company ; a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Missouri, in relation to the Lex-
ington and Daviess County Railroad; a memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, in relation to a plank road from
Tutly, in that State, to Bloomfield, Iowa; a memorial of
the Legislature of Missomi, in relation to the Northern
Missouri Railroad; a petition of citizens of Wisconsin,
presented January -2 ; a memorial of araiiroad convention
of Iowa, presented December 2-2,1S5X ; a petition of citi-
zens ot Iowa, presented January 14; and a inemoiial of a
convention of citizcns of Iowa, presented January 10.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Aifairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration ot the memorial of
Thomas Kennedy, and th« memorial of Gabriel Villeie,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate the
Washington Gaslight Company," approved July
8, 1848; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill con-
cerning the sessions of the courts of the United
States in the district of Delaware; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting lands and the right of way to the States
of Indiana and Illinois in aid of the construction
of a railroad from a point on the Ohio river oppo-
site Louisville, Kentucky, to a point on the Mis-
sissippi river opposite St. Louis, in Missouri;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands. 1
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the appointment of a superintendent of
Indian aflairs iif California; which was read a first
and second tirflfe by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to release the
bonds given for duties on goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, destroyed by fire m the city of San
Francisco, in California, and for other purposes; ,
which was read a first and second time by its title, !
am! referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORT OF SENATE PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. NO It HIS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, Thru the Secretary of the Senate be and he is
hereby authorized and instructed to audit, and from time
to time to Nettie the account of John (J. Rives for the re-
poitsofthe Senate proceeding* and debates published in
the Daily Globe, at >"7 50 per column.
CENSUS RETURNS.
< Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish tlie Senate with au estimate of the number of
pages which tlie census returns will contain if the same
shall he completed on the plan now pursued by the Census
Bureau.
what part of the same will be composed of sfcjtiiti->
es, and what part of other matter.
%/ CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the resolution submitted
by him yesterday, in the following words:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
authorized to employ a clerk during the present session of
Congress."
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend by adding,
"and the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
by adding, "and the Committee on Engrossed
Bills."
Mr. CASS. I would like to know whether
these applications are made by order of the com-
mittees. I wish to Ijnow whetiier these committees
deem the employment of these clerks necessary.
Mr. HALE. I will answer thehonoiable Sen-
ator so far as the Committee on Engrossed Bills
is concerned. That committee has not considered
this matter, because there has been no room as-
signed where they might meet for consultation.
Mr. CASS. That is enough.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
Tlie question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. If there is any committee
besides the Committee on Finance and the Com-
mittee on Pensions which needs a clerk, it is the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. There
are numerous applications for extensions of patents
made to that committee, which require a great deal
of investigation, and a great deal of running to
the Patent Office. Every member belonging to
that committee would be relieved of a great deal
of trouble by the appointment of a clerk. I think
it due to that committee that it may be thus re-
lieved, and I have therefore offered this amend-
ment.
Mr. CASS. Did I understand the honorable
Senator to say that the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office have applied for this clerk?
Mr. DAWSON. "W e have not made an order
to that effect, but there was an informal agreement
by the majority of the committee, that a clerk was
necessary for the transaction of their business, if
a clerk was necessary for any other committee.
Mr. RUSK. If it be at the request of the com-
mittee, and they say that they desire the service
of a clerk, and need his services, I shall be willing
to vote them a clerk very cheex-fully. But this
proposition might embarrass the original resolution
to give a clerk to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON. I can appeal to the chairman
of the Committee on Patents to say whether this
clerk is not necessary.
Mr. JAMES. I can only answer as a member
of that committee, that the duties brought before
the committee are very arduous, and that it is
highly necessary we should have.a clerk at an
early day.
Mr. CASS. If we are to hold the committees
responsible for the employment of these clerks, we
(should require some formal action from the com-
mittees; we should have their approbation of the
measure and hold them responsible for it.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose the only thing ne-
cessary is to be satisfied that the committee deems
a clerk necessary, and desires to have a clerk.
Whether that desire is manifested by individual
members or by any particular member under the
instruction of the committee, it seems to me that
it makes no kind of difference in the practical re-
sult. These gentlemen say their committee needs
a clerk, and that they desire a clerk; therefore X
am for giving them one.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. So far as there is any ne-
cessity for the appointment of a clerk to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I have the authority of
the committee. I was instructed by them to report
this resolution. It was a subject considered by
them. We have felt not only at this session but
at the last session the necessity o£ a clerk. We
forbore, however, at the last session to urge a
motion of this kind, in consequence of what was
understood to be a very general opposition, on the
part of the Senate, to extend that kind of relief to
the duties of the committees. Since then, how-
ever, the Senate is aware of a great accumulation
of business upon the hands of that committee.
Constituted, as it is, with some of its members
disqualified, from ill health and other reasons, for
attending upon the committee, I will say that it ia
