1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
totally impossible to discharge the duties inc^jR-
bent upon the members of the committee as such,
in addition to the ordinary legislative duties re-
quired of them in their capacity as members of this
body.
There has been a vast accumulation of business
upon the hands of this committee. I believe that
something like fifty treaties negotiated by the
Government are now before the committee for
consideration. It must be borne in mind, also,
that our relations and our policy in reference to
the Indian tribes constitute probably the most
variegated#piece of patchwork, in defiance of our
general regulations of the system, of all the legis-
lation of this Government in reference to any
subject whatever.
I have felt it necessary to make these explana-
tions in view of what I saw was evidently a mis-
apprehension on the part of some gentlemen here.
The committee ask for this clerk, not as a per-
sonal exemption from duties, but as something
which they deem absolutely indispensable to a
proper discharge of those duties.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not feel at all inclined
to embarrass the action of the Senate; and as the
idea has been suggested to me, thatthe amendment
which I'have proposed might injure the direct
application of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, I will withdraw the amendment
which I have offered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no idea that any ob-
jection J can make will influence the Senate to
vote down this proposition; nevertheless this con-
sideration shall not deter me from an effort to cor-
rect that which I regard as an abuse; for every
proposition that adds a clerk to the committees of
the Senate, I regard as an abuse, and it cannot
have my vote. Heretofore the Committee on Pi-
nance have had a clerk, and I am willing to admit
there was a propriety in this, during the actual
sessions of Congress, for the labors of this com-
mittee are of a kind, that a competent man can
make himself useful as clerk. But there are rea-
sons, operating in favor of the employment of a
clerk bv this committee, that do not exist with
any other of the body. I need not waste time on
this point. Senators all know to what I refer.
A few days since we ordered clerks for the com-
mittees on Naval Affairs and Commerce, now we
are asked to order clerks for the Indian and Com-
mittee on Patents, and if the order is made (as I
presume it will be, judging from the past, and in
view of the great facility with which we act affirm-
atively on all such matters,) we will be asked to
grant clerks to every standing committee of this
body. Why the Committee on Naval Affairs
should ask a clerk, is a matter of astonishment to
me. What duty will the clerk of that committee
perform. Will he make up a brief in each case pre-
sented for the decision of the committee, and decide
the merits of the case? If so, we will have only
the opinion of the clerk, and not the majority
opinion of the committee, founded on an actual ex-
amination of the case. While, as a general rule, I
might be willing to act upon the opinion of a Sen-
ator, expressed after a full examination of the
report presented by lam, I would not be thus
willing to adopt and act upon the opinion of a
clerk of whom I know nothing, and who ha? no
legislative responsibility. I was for several years
a member of the Naval Committee, and therefore
I have singled out and remarked upon what 1 con-
sidered the claims of this committee, and have no
hesitation in saying, that while I had the honor of
a place on that committee, I should have opposed
the employment of a clerk, on the ground he
■would have been a useless piece of furniture, so
fnr as the proper legitimate business of the com-
mittee was concerned. It would be a source of
com enience to every Senator to have the services
of a competent gentleman, about his general busi-
ness affairs, transacting business at Departments,
and keeping up his correspondence; and I do not
say there wouia be any thing wrongin thus employ-
ing an employee ofthe committee; but if this abuse
(for as such, I can only characterize it) is to exist
and grow into a practice, let it be general—give all
the committees of the body clerks and then we
will all be upon an equal footing. If this resolution
be adopted, as a matter of course we will expect
to order a clerk for each standing committee.
Mr. BADGER. I do not lnl0W how my "°2"
or able friend from Indiana undertakes so confi-
dently to determine upon what is and what is not
required by all the committees of this body. I
think it would be much better for us to rely upon
the determinations of the committees themselves;
to allow them to speak for their own committees,
and to confine ourselves, as a former Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] used to say, to our own
bailiwicks.
The Senator from Indiana has referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and supposes that
that committee cannot have any need of a clerk.
This is but an instance to show the hazard which
any gentleman undertakes, in pronouncing an
opinion upon the condition of other committees
than his own. Sir, we have very great need of a
cleik. In the condition of affairs before the Naval
Committee at this time, we have need of an active
and intelligent clerk. We have need of him to
facilitate our transactions in the business which
the Senate has committed to us. We have need
of him, to enable us to carry on the necessary in-
tercourse between us and the Department, and the
, various bureaus of the Department; for the pur-
pose of collecting the information which is required
to facilitate those inquiries which the Senate has
demanded of us to make, and how we are to report
our own judgment. We do not want a clerk_to
communicate his judgment to us. We want him
there to get together such materials as we may re-
quire, in order to enable us to form our own judg-
ments. The honorable Senator says that the
Committee on Naval Affairs has nothing for a clerk
to do; and he supposes this to be the case with
regard to every committee of the Senate, except the
Committee on Finance. He says that it is, never-
theless, very con venien t to have a clerk, in order that
he may attend to the private business of members
of the committee. Do I understand the Senator to
mean by that, that clerks are asked for by com-
mittees here when they have no use for them, with
regard to the discharge of their Senatorial duties;
but that they are actually practising an impositkm
upon this body, by asking for officers to be^pii-
ployed at the public expense, to attend to the pri-
vate business of members ? I am sure that the
honoiable Senator should not make such an im-
putation as this, unless he could produce some
evidence to sustain it. It impeaches the honor—
the personal honor, the official honor—it impeaches
the respectability of honorable gentlemen as mem-
bers of this body, if there be any individual upon
any committee who is supposed to be influenced
by any such low, groveling, personal purpose, m
asking for a clerk.
With regard to myself 1 can say that when I
1 wished a clerk to be appointed by the naval com-
; mittee I had no personal business of my own for
1 him to do. My own business I do myself.
Whether well or ill done, it is done by myself,
and without the assistance of others. I feel very
well satisfied that no gentleman associated with
me upon the Committee on Naval Affairs wishes
a clerk for any such indirect personal object. But
how does it happen that the honorable Senator
admits that the Committee on Finance have need
of a cleik ? Why has the Committee on Finance
need of a clerk? Is it on account of the peculiar
nature of the business which that committee has
to do ' Or is it on account of the amount of busi-
ness which that committee is called upon to per-
form > I presume that other committees of this
body need a clerk as well as the Committee on
Finance. There is nothing in the name of that
committee which makes a distinction and shows
it should have such assistance, and that other
committees should not have it. I have no doubt
that the Committee on Finance eminently needs a
clerk. The Senate has been in the habit of fur-
nishing a clerk to that committee, and I have
always been glad to see it done. But when hon-
orable members upon this floor announce to me
that, in their judgment, the convenient dispatch of
the public business committed to them requires that
they should be furnished with a clerk, I shall
always feel it to be my duty to presume that they
i are actuated by public considerations, and are not
i asking to obtain any private advantage.
i Now, with regard to this committee, after what
has been said by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,] it seems to
me that it would be difficult for us to furnish
a satisfactory reason why we should refuse to
this committee what we have granted to other
committees. We have granted a clerk to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, at
the head of which is my honorable friend from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk.] Everyone well knows why
it is necessary that that committee should have- a
clerk. My friend from Texas said on a former
occasion that that committee did need a clerk: I
am satisfied that he^aid so because he believed
it, and that nothing \rould have induced him "to
say it if he had not believed it. So it is with re-
gard to the Committee on Military Affairs, of
whose business I have had some experience; and
I have known the business of that c&mmittee to
suffer for want of such assistance.
With regard to the expenditure involved in this,
permit me to say that it is a little of " penny wis-
dom and pound folly," while we are ready to
pour out the public money at the bung, to be so
carefully engaged in stopping a little spiggot-hole
out of which but a small portion of the public
treasure oozes; and especially when it is expended
for the purpose of enabling committees more sat-
isfactorily to themselves, and more beneficially to
the country, to discharge the duties imposed upon
them.
The honorable Senator from Indiana thinks that
members of committees ought to take this labor
upon themselves; and he says he is willing to do
it. I believe he is. He is a young man; a man
in vigorous health, and is fond of labor. He is
pleased with a kind of in vestigation, which to me
is absolutely repulsive. Let him go on then, and
devote those powers which he possesses to the
service of the Senate, in the honorable and effi-
cient manner that he now does; but do not let him
deny to those of us who have not the same capa-
city, and that kind of business facility which our
age, or indisposition, or any other cause may ren-
der necessary, to enable us to come at a practical
and beneficial result of our operations.
Mr. HUNTER. I move'to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow,
in order that we may get at the special order of
the day, which is the bounty land bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is rather an unimportant
matter; but since the remarks of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, I must be indulged
with a short reply. I employed no such language
in my previous remarks as that Senator attributes
to me, nor did anything which I said justify the
construction which that honorable Senator sought
in his remarks to put upon mine. I said not a
word which could, by implication even, be regarded
as reflecting upon the honor or integrity of any
Senator, and I venture the assertion that the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina stands alone
i in this misconception of that which I did say. I
<; said in general terms that I believe clerks to com-
'j mittees of this body useless appendages, as far as
the legitimate business of this body was concerned,
I and their employment an abuse of our privilegesi
! here: and this I again repeat, not by way of cen-
I sure to others wiio may take a different view of
| this subject, but by way of expressing my decided
| condemnation of thus summarily fastening on to
I the Treasury anew batch of pensioners; for mark,
l sir, every one of the individuals provided to be em-
ployed under this and similar resolutions, will be
continued over at the end of this to the opening of
the next Congress, and so on from year to year,
adding another and another to the long list of
abuses that are daily creeping into every depart-
ment of this Capitol. And again mark, at the end
of this session, about the last day or night thereof,
you will have a resolution offered by some kindly-
disposed Senator, giving, in addition to the $1,500
per annum now paid clerks, a gratification of $250
more; and this will not only be done at the long,
but unless a new practice obtains, these very clerks,
that are now employed only for present use, will
be continued over to the short session, and the
same salary be given for three months work, and
the $250 extra pay again added. I am speaking
ofthe probable future, having my eye on the past;
and I have on this point only said what I feel quite
sure will he realized, unless a great change takes
place in our mode of legislation.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina^
feels at liberty to read me a lecture on account of
my notice of the Naval Committee. I spoke in
the most respectful terms of that important com-
mittee, and remarked that when I was a member
of it, as I had been for two or three sessions past,
the chairman and members of it had experienced
no inconvenience for the want of a clerk, and that
I was not aware of any greater necessity for a clerk
