2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
tinder which we are to pay the whole amount of
money for which we have sold the 100,000 acres
of land m Ohio. The proposition is to pay the
Shawnees ir? money that amount, in addition to
their right of common tenancy of 1.600,000 acres
which they have west of the Mississippi.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Seventy cents an acre
upon the proceeds of the sale of their lands in Ohio
were igserved by the Government as a considera-
tion for giving1 them 100,000 acres west of the
State of Missouri. Seventy cents per acre was
not the whole amount for which the lands were
sold. The residue was reserved, and has been
partly paid to them. The rest has been invested
for their benefit. Some of it was paid for saw-
mills, some for grist-mills, and some for other pur-
poses, and a portion of it was invested in five per
cent, annuities, which have been paid annually by
the Government of the United States to them.
But there were seventy cents per acre reserved in
the treaty, as in several other treaties made with
the bands in Ohio, as a consideration for the lands
ceded to them west of (he Mississippi. They say
lhat that consideration has failed, and they there-
fore ask to have refunded to them seventy cents
per acre on thesalesof their lands in Ohio—making
the amount of §66,000—that being the consid-
eration for which they agreed to receive the 100,000
acres in the west.
Mr. BORLAND. I must confess, that the
more I hear the c -se explained, the more difficult
it is for me to understand it. I understand (hat
we originally obtained from these Indians 100,000
acres of land in Ohio.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not so much as that.
Mr. BELL. It was upwards of 90,000acres—
amounting nfmoat to 100,000.
Mr. BORLAND. In consideration of their re-
moval from those lands in Ohio, how much did
we pay them ? Will my colleague be kind enough
to tell me?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. T have some statistics
here which I will present to the Senate. At the
date of the treaty of 1831, the Wapaghkonetta
band was in possession, in the State of Ohio, of
92,800 acres of land. They ceded those lands to
the Government' of the United States, and took
in exchange 100,000 acres west of the State of
Missouri. Their lands were to be put up and
sold as other lands of the United States—not by
private entry, as the Senator from Wisconsin
seemed to suppose, but they were to be exposed
to public sale as other lands, of course at the
minimum price of $125 per acre. We agreed,
in the first place, to reserve to ourselves seventy
cents an acre as a consideration for the land as-
signed to them west of the State of Missouri; and
then for the overplus, we became the trustee, and
were to disburse it for their benefit. Out of this
overplus we advanced $6,000 to enable them to re-
move; we subsisted them for twelve months; we
paid the expense of erecting a saw-mill and grist-
mill, and blacksmith-shop on their new land, and,
then, after deducting ihesev^nty cents an acre, re-
served as a consideration for the lands assigned
tXem west, and after deducting the other expenses
incurred for fh^r benefits, it was supposed that
there would still be a surplus from the «ale of their
lands. That surplus was invested, in pursuance
of the terms of the treaty, in five per cent, annui-
ties, which the Shawnees have been receiving ever
since.
To proceed further with this case: TheGovern-
roent proposed to assign them the 100,000 acres
west, and proposed by an arti'-le of the treaty to
give them a patent for it. They wentand occupied
the lands, on the ground assigned by the treaty of
1825, to the Misswuri Shawnees. The Govern-
ment has never complied with its stipulation to
assign to the Ohio Shawnees 100,000 acres exclu-
sively for their own use. Thev were not able to
do it; th6y are not able to do it to-day; and they
never can be able to comply* with this stipulation
unless they purchase 100,000 acres from the Mis-
souri Shawnees. They occupy the land in com-
mon—a privilege reserved to them by the Missouri
Shawnees, in the treaty of 1825, which contained a
stipulation that such of the Shawnees as resided
in Ohio as should emigrate to the country assigned
them west, should have the privilege of occupying
it in common. They possessed this right under
the treaty of 1825; they had this privilege at the
time the treaty of 1831 was formed, ft was a
privilege accorded to them and acquired by them
under the treaty of 1825. They had it at the
date of the treaty of 1831, which gave them, in
addition to the right in common, the exclusive
right to 100,000 acres.
Now, if my colleague will allow me to trans-
gress the privilege of merely answering his ques-
tion, I will take this occasion to answer one argu-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin. Under the
letter of the treaty of 1831, the Shawnees of Ohio
have a right to a grant from the United States, by
patent, of the 100,000 acres which they stipulated
for themselves in the treaty of 1831. The ground
upon which the argument against the whole of
this claim is based, is, that by the treaty of 1825
we have actually done better for them and have
secured them a more liberal provision than was
given by the treaty of 1831. Unfortunately for
the other side, this argument proves entirely too
much. It proves just what the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky said would be the result. It places the In-
dians in the attitude of surrendering to the United
States by the treaty of 1831, seventy cents an
acre in lieu of a provision which was only one
eighth as favorable to them as that which they had
under the treaty of 1831. It must be presumed
that they acted with common sense and intelli-
gence m making the provisions of this treaty.
Would they have surrendered that provision to
make one less liberal in its character if they under-
stood it, as has been contended for by the gentle-
man from Tennessee? They had, under the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1825, the right of common
occupancy in the cession made by that treaty, and
the right of incorporation with the old Shawnees
without surrendering their land in Ohio. Now, I
would ask the Senator from Wisconsin, what
have the Ohio Shawnees ever received for the
seventy cents an acre reserved by the Government
of the United States from the sales of the lands
ceded by the treaty of 1831? Why he says they
have received the right to the occupancy of
1,600,000 acres. I tell the Senator they had that
before they ceded their lands in Ohio.
Mr. WALKER. They got fifty-five cents an
acre.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The fifty-five cents an acre
was from the sale of their own lands, and it was
their own money. They had a right to the com-
mon occupancy of the 1,600,000 acres, under the
treaty of 1825. They had it without the treaty
of 1831—by a title independent of that treaty.
We must suppose, if the gentleman's argument
be true, that they sacrificed that right for which
the .Missouri Shawnees had paid a consideration,
and ceded away, as a mere gratuity, seventy cents
an acre on the lands ceded by the treaty of 1831.
The lands in Ohio they owned independent of that
treaty, and they had this right of incorporating
themselves with the western Shawnees independ-
ent of the treaty of 1831. They could have gone
there and occupied those lands under the treaty of
1825, and occupied and reserved to themselves
thereafter the lands ceded by the treaty of 1831.
There ia some light thrown upon the treaty of
1831 by the history of other treaties made at the
sometime; and I wish Senators to bear in mind
that the main features of all these treaties were
marked out in pursuance of an act of Congress
passed in 1830, to authorize the Department to
exchange the lands of the Ohio Indians for lands
west of the Mississippi.
The whole policy of the law was based upon
the idea of «' exchange:" and in pursuance of it,
a commissioner was sent out who made all these
treaties. He found the Shawnees in possession
of 92.830 acres, and by treaty he obtained a ces-
sion of this quan'ity, and gave them in exchange
1; 0,000 acres west of the Mississippi. So the
Ottawas were found in possession of 28,000 acres,
and thev received 34,000 acres. The Delawares
had 39,800 acres of reservation, and they received
m exchange 60,000 acres. The Senecas of San-
dusky, another band of the same family of tribes,
owned 40,000 acres, and took in exchange 67,000
aeres. 1 need not go through all these Indian
treaties. It will be seen, however, from these
which I have mentioned, that they went on the
idea of " exchange." It was called in the treaties,
and called in the law which authorized those trea-
ties to be made, an exchange of lands. The res-
ervation of seventy cents an acre is a feature
common to all these treaties; showing that the
reservation of that amount to the Treasury of
the United States was the consideration which I
they paid for the lands given to them in the
West.
Three of these treaties give lands immediately
outside of this grant; and then you come to this
treaty which assigned to the Ohio Shawnees lands
inside the grant: a grant which it was solemnly
provided by treaty should be given exclusively to
the Missouri Shawnees, subject, however, to' the
right of straggling emigrants incorporating them-
selves with the nation.
Then for what purpose were these 100,000
acres granted ? Gentlemen say, in lieu of the
right of common occupancy under the treaty of
1825. If so, then they would have been in a bet-
ter condition if they had not made the treaty of
1831, for independently of the treaty of 1831,
they had a right, under the treaty of 1825, to the
common occupancy of the fifty miles square, and
they were entitled to a consideration for their
cession of 92,800 acres in Ohio. That is a plain
statement of the case. I am obliged to my col-
league for his courtesy in allowing me to trespass
on his patience so long, and I surrender the floor
to him.
Mr. BORLAND resumed the floor; but with-
out making any remarks gave way at the solicita-
tion of Senators.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 5, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order,
is the further consideration of House bill No. 146,
to regulate the fees of clerks, marshals, and attor-
neys. of the circuit and district courts of the United
States.
Mr. McLANAHAN. At this late period of
the session I will not occupy more of the time of
the House than I deem necessary to a brief ex-
planation of the provisions of this hill. To devise
a plan for the fair and just taxation of costs in
the Federal courts of the United States, is a task
of no ordinary difficulty. Nor isit pretended that
the present bill fully attains this desirable object;
but I feel no hesitation in asserting that its adop-
tion will tend to the amelioration of the condition
of our judicial expenses, and can not fait to meet the
approbation of every intelligent man. That there
is a necessity which demands the action of Con-
gress on this subject, must be abundantly mani-
fest to any onewflo has given it the least attention.
When we consider that the judicial expenses of
this Government have increased within the last
fifty years at the rate of about one thousand two
hundred and fifty per cent., and that within the
last ten years of this period, the expense of the
judiciary have nearly doubled in amount, as the
guardians of the Treasury of the people, it is our
duty to inquire into the causes of thisimmer.se
accumulation in the expenses of our Federal
courts,and, if possible, to apply a remedy. And,
sir, when, in addition to this, you calculate the
amount that is annually expended by suitors in
these courts, the sum swells to millions, which
is drawn from the pockets of the people for the
establishment of a system, which, while it pre-
tends to administer speedv, also pretends to ad-
minister cheap justice. Well, indeed, might one
now adopt the quaint language of Lord Bacon,
when he said " these pollers and exactors of fees
' do justify the common resemblance of the courts
' of justice to the bush, whereunto, while the sheep
( flies for defense in weather, he is seen to lose
'part of his fleece, before he escapeth therefrom."
Let me call the attention of the House to two
of the judicial districts only. In the northern dis-
trict of New York, in the year ending December,
1830, the money advanced to the marshal by the
G-overnment was $3,500; in the year ending De-
cember, 1841, it was $10,000; in 1R45, #17,298 32;
in 1846, |31.595 36; in 1847, $36,372 49; and so
on, until 1851 it reached the enormous sum of
$43,975, paid to the marshal of the northern dis-
trict of New York for the expenses of the United
States courts—more than twelve times as great as
the judicial expenses of the same district twenty
years before.
In the district of Massachusetts the Govern-
ment advanced to the marshal in 1830, $9,586 13;
