12-22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
much os the House was dividing- upon the bill.
They cannot, therefore, he interrupted by any
motron of that kmd.
Mr. SACKE f 1\ I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to *ubm>t a very brief statement in
regard to the hill upon which the vote is just
about to be taken, i do not wish to debate the
subject. The gentleman who reported this bill,
in a statement of f ct to the House 
[Cries of"! object!" "1 object!"}
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman suspend
for a moment, until the Chair ascertains if the
demand for the yens and nays is accorded? While
the House was dividing, and previous to the ad-
journment, they were demanded.
The question was then taken, and, upon a di-
vision, there were—ayes 22 
Mr. GOODENOVv. I call for tellers upon the
demand for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Williams
and Ingsraom. were appointed.
A count being had, the yeas arid nays were
ordered.
Mr. SACKETT, I ask the consent of the
House to submit a correction of the statement
made by the gentleman who reported this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to debate the question.
Mr. SACKETT. I do not wish to enter into a
debate of this bill, but simply to correct a misstate-
ment made by the gentleman who reported the bill,
owing to a misapprehension. He has examined
the facts since, and so have I looked into them. It
was stated here on yesterday, that the key of the
iron safe which contained th"e notes stolen was
left in an unlocked desk. That statement may
prejudice, perhaps, the minds of some members of
the House against the bill. Thefacts are these: The
key of the iron safecontainingthe noteswas locked
up in a smaller safe, the key of which was locked
up in a desk. The key of that desk Major
Cross had in his own pocket. These were the
facts proved before the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, I want to know of
the gentleman how the key of the safe was then
obtained by the burglars?
Mr. SACKETT, They broke the safe open.
Mr. STUART. 1 desire to ascertain from the
gentleman from New York, or some other gentle-
man, the fact as to how these individuals became
locked in the room where the safes were kept?
Mr. SACKETT. An individual was secreted
there clandestinely.
Mr. STUART. How did he get there?
Mr. SACKETT. The proof shows that he was
secreted in the building when it was locked up.
This fact was brought out in the examination of
this case before the court-mai tial. They exam-
ined elaborately all the facts in the case, and re-
ported upon them.
Mr. STUART. It has been stated that he was
a man in the employ of this office.
_Mi*SACKETT, He had been discharged pre-
viously from the employment. He was clandes-
tinely in the house.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman. Do f understand him to state
this claimant locked up a man in the building?
Mr. SACKETT. No, sir. This is the fact in
the case: When the office was closed that night,
as has been ascertained in a subsequent investiga-
tion of the matter, there was an individual clan-
destinely secreted in the building. It was not
known he was secreted there. He opened the
back door, admitted his accomplices, and accom-
plished the burglary.
Mr* GIDDINGS. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say that the great care exerted
"was such as to leave the felon locked up in the
building. Am i correct about that? I wish the
information. I desire to know whether this man
who now petitions for relief, was so careful as to
lock up the very identical individual who stole the
money?
Mr. SACKETT. I wish simply to reply to the
gentleman upon that subject, that he had no
knowledge of any person being there. He was
secreted.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to know how
it is that he arrives at the conclusion this man did
not know the burglar was there?
Mr. SACKETT. From the report of the court-
martial which tried Major Cross, made after a
full investigation of all thefacts.
Mr GORMAN. I rise to a question of order.
Debate is out of order', as the call for the previous
question has been seconded, and the yeas and
nays ordered.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question was not sustained.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think there is a misunder-
standing m relation to the facts of this case; and
for the purpose of correcting a statement of the
gentleman from New York, I will read the follow-
ing extract from the report of the Committee on
Claims on this bill:
'• It also appeais that he endeavored to place said Trvias-
uty notes on deposit in the Union Bank of said city, the
usual depository ot the Government tund^, on general de-
posit, so that the funds (being needed for constant and
immediate use) nnjrht be drawn on, but wa* refused. On
the 8th ot Oetobei, 1042, before leaving the office of qu«ir-
tomnu-ter, ho locked up said funds, together with some
•<3U0 of ptivate funds, in an iron safe, (the best that could
be procured, the place in which he had been in the habit of
keeping the Government hinds.) Four negro men, how-
ever, h«td entered into a cornpnacy to rob *akl office ; one
ot them, 'Tom.' who had been wuitmg about the office
some weeks ptevious, laid a plan to rob the office. He had
made arrangements to conceal another negio, 4 George,'
' m the store loom o< the lower floor,' winch communica-
ted with the oltice ; but. as he could not get, the porter of
the establishment out of the way, he waited till the porter
went up stairs to blowout the huht and fasten the office
windows, when he slipped m the store room, unhooked the
back door, (each of which was fastened by a la <re iron
hook.,) and disappeared. Tins was a'nmt, or shortly attei,
daik. The potter left under the impression that all was
secure. The said negro man, it appears, returned that
night, entered the said store by the back doors, succeeded
in opening the safe containing said funds, and nfied it of
its contents."
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have frequently found it
! a hard task in ilus House to oppose a claim, be
' it good or bad, but there are certain rules of evi-
dence from which we ought not to depart. I think
we should hold our public officers to that strict
and careful attention which we, as individuals, ex-
ercise over our own property. The gentleman
fiom New York [Mr. Sackett] is laboring
under a mistake, if 1 understand the report. The
report shows that this quartermaster exercised
not even the care and attention to lock up his own
premises. He trusted that matter entirely to an-
other individual, and that individual left the back
door of the House unlocked.and unfastened. The
porter, of whom we know nothing, save that he
acted as a servant of the claimant, was intrusted
with these funds, and whether he shared a part of
the spoils, or whether he has a portion of the
money now in his pocket, we know not; nor is there
a particle of proof to show that he was not acces-
sory to the larceny. As I was about to remuik,
this porter leaves the house unlocked. Should
we say that it was such a care of our funds, that
we will now compensate this man for the loss?—
that we will impose it upon the people of the Uni-
ted States'—that we will pay it out of the public
Treasuty ? Had I lost those funds in the manner
stated, 1 should never have asked indemnity.
Mr. SWEETSER. If my honorable colleague
will allow me to interrupt htm. I desire to make
the point with liim, which I made in the Com-
mittee of the Whole yesterday. His mind is now
taken up with a question that may not have a
controlling influence m the decision of this case.
1 desire to state that I take the facts, as collected
and reported by the Committee on Claims, as true.
It seems to me, that when he admits that the
Treasury drafts which were stolen from the safe
of Major Cross, at New Orleans, had not been put
in circulation, but were transmuted to him to be
used at a proper time, there is very little ground
for a difference of opinion in relation to the legal
rights of the respective parties. 1 maintain that
i the thief—or any person to whom he may have
negotiated the Treasury drafts—had no title in the
same; and that the Government, after having had
notice of the larceny, accompanied with a descrip-
tion of the drafts, should have withheld payment
and treated'the drafts as void; and all persons pre-
senting them, and demanding payment, as parti-
ceps criminis. If a bank at New Orleans purchased
these Treasury notes of a negro, or an unknown
person, they had no right to complain; and if from
a responsible person, let them send them back
from one to another until they headed the thief.
It cannot be contended, with any reasonable hope
of success, in this House, that if the Government
have paid these drafts improvidently—that in order
to make the Government whole, it is justice to in-
sist upon the penalty of Cross's bond.
I confess that the facts disclosed in this case
have aroused my sensibilities; and I desire my
colleague to answer the legal point which I present^
conceiving that the facts warrant the conclusions
which I draw from the testimony. Now, I pro-
test against any blinking of this case. Let us
meet it fairly, and not sacrifice an innocent man
and his sureties, who has done all that the law of
the land required him to do in order to save the
Government from loss".
Sir, I cannot consent to remain silent and per-
mit—if it is in my power to prevent it—so griev-
ous a wrong.
I hope my colleague will permit the point I
make to have its due influence upon hi® mind, and
that this House will not suffer this case to be con-
trolled by surmises and suspicions unworthy of a
liberal exercise of the equitable power which they
have to sustain an officer who seems to have done
his duty, and his whole duty, in the premises.
I repeat what I said yesterday, in relation to
the first point I then made. In a case where no
laches can be imputed, and when it is a question
between an individual and the Government, I will
always with my vote place the loss upon the Gov-
ernment, and excuse the individual; and I must
be permitted to insist, that if there is wrong in
this case, it consists in the conduct of the Govern-
ment in paying the stolen Treasury notes, and
now seekmgto enforce the penalty of Major Cross's
bond. 1 thank my colleague for his kindness.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I inferred from
the gentleman ?s remarks that the Government has
paid these Treasury notes. I would like to know
if the Government has paid them or not?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentle-
man's question if I understand this case. My
colleague [Mr. Swketser] has misapprehended it.
The Treasury drafts were cashed at one of the
banks in New Orleans, and it was not Treasury
drafts which were taken from the safe. It was
bank paper which was stolen, and not Treasury
drafts. If my friend will look at the report, he
will find that to be so.
Mr. SACKETT. Treasury notes were re-
ceived in exchange.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It was not then the original
draft of $30,000, but paper already negotiated-.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question ? The gen-
tleman states that the office was left unlocked.
He misapprehends the statement of the report; for
it is not so stated there. But that is the sense in
which the gentleman uses it. The porter—I sup-
pose the person usually employed for such a
purpose—was engaged in locking the office and
fastening the windows up stairs. The men who
entered into the conspiracy were in waiting, in-
tending to slip into the building. After the porter
had fastened one door, the back door, and had
gone up stairs to fasten the windows, they slipped
in, unhooked the hooks which fastened the back
door, which the porter supposed remained shut,
as he had fastened it not five minutes before.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The porter went out, leav-
ing the back door unfastened, because he did not
look to it after he came down stairs, and the thief
went in at that door thus left open, perhaps for
that very purpose. Am I right?
Mr. SACKETT. I say the gentleman is not
right. The evidence shows that the porter had
just fastened the back door, and went up stairs to
fasten the upper windows. While he was up
there the thief entered into the building and in-
stantly unhooked the back door and slipped out.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe that almost every
member of the House clearly understands these
facts. This porter went up stairs, and while in
the chamber, the thief came in and unfastened the
back door and went out again, and when the por-
ter returned down stairs he went out, leaving the
back door unfastened, instead of going to see
whether it remained fastened. He left this back
door without any examination whatever after re-
turning from the chamber.
Mr. SACKETT. He had just fastened it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, he had done so the
day before,and the hour, perhaps the minute; but
he then went out and left it unfastened. My posi-
tion is thist While that porter left this door un-
fastened, there was no such caution and care shown
by him which a prudent man would exercise over
his own property. My friend, or any other man,
would not have left his property in that way. I
merely made the inquiry of the gentleman, to
