1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
the Senator from Michigan has made this objec-
tion, for, during the last Congress, I had before
the Senate a bill for the purpose of relieving the
General Government of all the burdens of the
land system; to vest these lands in the govern-
ments of the several States in which they may-
he, and then going on to provide the machinery
by which these provisions m favor of actual set-
tlers should be carried out; and after long and
mature deliberation and much debate, a majority
of the Senate voted against it. The same prin-
ciple was offered as an amendment to other bills,
and it was still voted down. At this session I
have again renewed the bill. It has been before
the Committee on Public Lands since the com-
mencement of the session. I have not heard from
it since.
I do not wish to be understood as censuring the
committee if they have not reported, it is an
important committee, and has great and important
duties to discharge, and it discharges them faith-
fully. But stili 1 am not censurable for any delay
in regard to this matter, for I have been industrious j
in bringing this proposition in all its details before
♦he Senate. While that bill, introduced at the last
session of Congress, and again introduced at this
session, and at both sessions referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, embraces my own pecu-
liar views—if gentlemen see proper to consider
them peculiar—yet I think 1 ought not to be
amenable to the language used by the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] that I objected to
every other proposition because it was not my
thunder. Now, this proposition is in character
with that which 1 hove been urging upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. I am not tenacious with re-
gard to who may avail himself of the proprietor-
ship of the thunder, so that I can accomplish the
end I desire. I am not very particular whether
the proposition which I first suggested be carried |
out or not; I would prefer it, but I do not adhere
very tenaciously to it in the proposition which I
now offer. I would relieve myself, if I had the
power, from the duty of urging these views upon
the Senate; for i am aware that I urge them
upon unwilling ears. But let any one live in a
new State, and have the experience and opportu-
nity to make the observations that I have, and he
would not wonder that I wish to see this system
of granting the public lands adopted by the" Gov-
ernment so far as it applies to actual settlers.
Why, sir, take the State in which I live, which
is not yet four years old as a State, and which as
a Territory does not exceed fifteen years, and yet
for the earth upon which our log-cabms are built,
where our hearth-stones are erected, and where our
homes are placed, in that new country, laboring
under all the embarrassments which we have had
to contend against, we have paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States upwards of seven mil-
lions of dollars; and that, too, from a State in
which we have no public works constituting a
great source of revenue to us, where it has been a
constant struggle to get our public roads where
we best can, to establish schools, and build mills
and bridges, and establish the other conveniences
of society. While al^this has been the case, and
every improvement has been a drain upon the en-
ergies of the settlers, we have had a continual
drain from us of everything—every substantial
footing on which we could rest. This was not
the case with the old States. They were the pro-
prietors of their own lands; and if they charged
anything for the lands upon which the settlers
located, the money received went into the treasury
of their own State, and was disbursed among their
own people. But we have made improvements
which render the lands of the State valuable, and
yet when sold the money is not disbursed from
our State treasury, but it goes into the Treasury
of the United States; and when we ask for a little
to be returned to protect life or property, or even
enough to facilitate the construction of railroads-
or to"improve the Fox or Wisconsin rivers, there
seems to be the most astonishing opposition on
the part of Senators to any such grant. And yet
no State has paid so large an amount m the same
time into the Post Office Department, and no State
in the Union has paid so large an amount into the
Treasury from the sale of public lands, and no
State has been so little embarrassing to the iieas-
ury of the United States. . .
I am honest in the belief that we have already
aid for our homes as much as we should pay,
and I believe that it would be the best policy for
the Government to allow the new settler to have
his home, that he may contribute more in what
he pays for articles imported into the country and
thus increase the revenue from that source. I
believe it to be the best policy, and 1 do not urge
it for the purpose of clap-trap, or as an item of
thunder for myself. I am honest and sincere,
and I shall continue to urge it so long as I believe
it will be the best policy both for the States and
for the Government. Then I do hope I may not
be looked upon with a prejudiced eye when I urge
this doctrine of giving the public lands to actual
settlers. I am not peculiar in this. Some of the
greatest minds in the country have believed it.
As far back as the time of General Jackson he
recommended it in four successive messages; Mr.
Webster has also introduced a proposition of this
nature here; and the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] and also the honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] have in-
troduced similar propositions; and it seems to me
it is about time that the country should begin to
look at the matter in its true light, in place of
setting itself, through its representatives, against
those who may urge its claims upon the Senate.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but I look
upon it as bidding a final farewell to the present
land system with the prospect of the most melan-
choly results. Sir, here are most of the States
manifesting a belief that we should no longer seek
a revenue from that quarter, but that these lands
should be ceded for purposes of internal improve-
ment. But what is the course pursued now? You
are making large grants for purposes of internal
improvements, and when you throw into circula-
tion tins immense amount of paper currency in
the shape of land warrants which you propose to
do by this bill, what is likely to be the real value
of the lands you grant for the building of rail-
roads? Why, sir, these grants will be m a
measure valueless; they will become as nothing.
You will derive no benefit by those grants, even
when they are made for the purpose of aiding the
States in the construction of railroads. But it
may be said that this is a matter of no conse-
quence to the old States and those in which no
public lands he. I deny it; I do not think so. I
regard it as a matter of the highest importance to
all the States, whether old or new. I say that so
long as the old States command the passes to the
Atlantic ocean they are most deeply interested in
all that affects the facilities of transportation of
the various products of the Western country and
of the Mississippi valley; and they are acting on
a very short-sighted policy when they withhold
these grants, or do anything which could lead to
the frustration of the beneficial results to be de-
rived from them. Sir, I believe that, whatever
may be the determination of the Senate eventu-
ally, it is bad policy to pass this measure at the
piesent time. I think that, if it is to be passed,
we had better wait till the end of the session—
until we can see what the States are likely to make
of their several improvements, or what price they
are likely to obtain for the lands through which
these improvements" are to be located; and not be
making grants of land and then taking them back
, a<*nm because they will afford no revenue to the
' projectors of these improvements, owing to the
| immense number of land warrants thus thrown
! into the market. I believe that it would be much
! better to postpone the bill for the present, even if
j it should ultimately be passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is a very important
amendment, and I ask that it may be read.
The amendment was read', as published in the
Congressional Globe, page 303.
Mr. WALKER. Before anything further is
said, I wish to state, that the proviso which is
attached to that amendment, is one which is
brought in, in view of opinions of other ^Senators,
and not of my own. It' I had broughtin a prop-
osition, imbodying my own views only, the re-
striction in the proviso to the amendment would
not have been inserted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not rise for the
purpose of entering into any argument with my
friend from Wisconsin upon the propriety of his
amendment. If we were to discuss the propriety
of o-rantmg lands to those who have declared their
intentions of becoming citizens of the United
States, and thereby invite the foreign population
of all the world to our shores, I think therewould
be matter enough in that subject to occupy per-
haps a month; we might say a great deal for and
against such a proposition." Now, it seems, to me
it is too large a subject to be introduced here as
an amendment, to encumber this bill which I had
the honor of introducing, and I hope' the bili may
not be encumbered by ft. The bill which I had
the honor of originating simply designs to perfect
a system in reference to grants of land to those
who fought the battles of our country, and my
friend's amendment proposes to introduce an un-
bounded grant of lands to those who have per-
formed no civil service, much less military ser-
vice, for the country. His amendment looks "to
the improvement of the land by the clearing of
the forests and cultivating the soil, as an induce-
ment upon which the grant is to be made. The
policy which we have settled by past legislation,
and that policy which my bill proposes to perfect,
is to show a favor, to show a kindness, to make a
gratuity in behalf of those who have rendered the
country some military service, and thereby to en-
courage the whole country, whenever there shall
be a war prevailing, whenever there is any neces-
sity for military service, to run to the standard of
the country. My little bill is to perfect that sys-
tem which has been already adopted, while the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin, is to
cover the whole country with unbounded grants,
not for civil or military service rendered to the
country, but merely to improve the land.
I have already stated that it is a large theme to
be connected with this bill, and if we attempt to do
it, we shall be here for weeks, discussiug this
question. I hope those who have this little bill
at heart, and who think we have perfected it by
the amendments adopted yesterday, will not allow
any oilier amendment to be attached to it, but
just vote for the bill, and pass it as it is. If we
can do this, we shall get clear of this proposition
which has been pending for weeks, and can then
go to the consideration of something else; and in
the course of the session, I suppose my friend will
have it in his power to go lengthily into the pro-
priety of giving the grants which he proposes. I
will not discuss this subject further, because I know
that my example may operate as an inducement
to others to do the same, and thereby there-will
be a consumption of the time of the Senate. I
have ventured to make these few remarks in the
hope that we might be allowed to have a vote
taken upon the bill as it was perfected yesterday,
without further discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I wish to say
that I concur in the remarks just made by the
Senator from Kentucky. The measure now be-
fore the Senate is one of justice to persons already
provided for. I made'a pretty eatly struggle
when that bill was up, to get rid of the 'clause
which prevented the grantees from enjoying that
property which we were to give, and which vio-
lates a principle which is usuallyasonceded to per-
sons holding property, to wit: the right of dis-
posing of it in their own way. 1 foresaw the
great inconvenience which they would labor
under; I foresaw that it would be impossible for
them to go into the enjoyment of the benefit which
Congress was disposed to grant to ihem, provided
it was trammeled'in the way which the bill indi-
cated. I believe that Cong'iess has come at last
to see that it is but just that these warrants should
be made assignable, because it is very evident
that those who live at a distance from these lands
do not intend to go and occupy them, and cannot
avail themselves of the benefit of the grant, unless
the warrants are made assignable. It seems to
me right that they should be made so. And now,
I entreat the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
not to interfere with a measure which is large
enough to stand upon its own merits, and is com-
prehensive enough to command the attention of
this body, and require a great deal of discussion
before it can be matured. I entreat him not to
embarrass this bill by the measure_which he pro-
poses. I hope he will withdraw his proposition,
and that we may be allowed to pass the bill, so
that the old soldier may ba\ e the benefit of the act.
I will say further, that I am rather inclined to
favor the settlers when a suitable measure can be
adopted, whenever it can be prudently and wisely
done. I am not unwilling to extend benefits to
that class of our fellow-citizens; but at the same
time, I shall be obliged to vote against if Jf it is
proposed as an amendment here.
