312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Jan. 20,
Whatever my sentiments and opinions may be j
irt regard to the merits of theproposition contained !
in the amendment, he will compel me, if it is offered ;
here, to rote against it. 1 hope, therefore, he will !
see that he places us in a false position, and with- j
draw his amendment. I
Mr. WALKER. 1 would if it were m my I
power; that is, if I could do so without violating j
"my duty to those whom I represent, I would j
accede to the request made by 'the honorable Sen- j
ator from Massachusetts. But I am no' at liberty |
to do it; I feel myself under the fullest obligations 1
to urge this subject upon every suitable occasion.
But if we take the argument submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky, and that submitted by
the Se'nator from Massachusetts, and compare
them with each other, I think we shall see that
they'are a most singular and astonishing fallacy.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky says that
this proposition, of which he claims to be the
father, is one to give a mere gratuity to those who
have fought the battles of the country. ^Why,
sir, that gratuity was given m the bill which this
proposes to explain; and that gratuity, it turns
out, was a gratjiity which thg old soldiers do not
•want. It provides for a class of people who have
fought the battles of their country, and now it
turns out that they do not want the grant; and
then the Senator from Kentucky makes a great
merit of it, S-hat when he has given what they do
not want, he provides a way by which those who
■wish to speculate in the land can obtain it at one
„ half or one third of its real value. That is the
argument. A gratuity is given, and .when it turns
out that it is a failure, the actual settler must be
injured in order that the speculator may be bene-
fited. And there is so much merit in that, in the
estimation of the Senator from Massachusetts,
that it must be held up before the Senate as a
preeminent matter of consideration, and we must
exclude all other classes of mankind, and all other
classes of grants of land, and suffer nothing to be
interposed between it and the consideration of the
object vvluch he has in view. 1 believe there is
more merit in the amendment than in the proposi-
tion before the Senate. There are vast numbers
■who would like to have a piece of land on which
to settle; and if there be those of the old soldiers
who will not go to occupy these lands wdiich are
granted to them, it is no good reason why those
who desire to have a home should not have one;
it is no reason because they will not go and avail
themselves of the home which is offered to tlipm,
that nobody else shall go. It is said that the old
soldier does not need the land himself. But what
does he want? The Senator from Kentucky pro-
poses to give him, after he refuses to take the
land, what will be worth to him perhaps fifty dol-
lars. You then give him the privilege of selling
liis warrant foi fifty dollars, by which the holder
of the warrant will get Jand worth, at the Govern-
ment price, $200, and the Government will be
wronged out of £,IoO. The speculator will be in-
definitely benefited by imposing upon the holdeis
of warrants in this way.
Now it was urged here yesterday that the as-
signment of land warrants would operate bene-
ficially to the actual settler, and the Senator from
Louisana [Mr. Downs,] asked " if the settler is
to buy his land and pay foi it, and can buy it with
a warrant for which he has paid only a hundred
dollars, will not that be reducing the price of land
to actual settlers?" It would indeed, if it cfculd
.be done so; but whatever may be the case in other
States, this practice has not obtained in Wiscon-
sin. Land "warrants ore chiefly purchased at the
agency offices in New York, and Philadelphia,
and Buffalo, and in W ashington and other places.
These warrants, when thus purchased, are sent ill
large numbers to Milwaukie and other places in
Wisconsin, and are located. Now if the settler
whose preemption is about to expire, goes to the
agent to purchase a warrant for the purpose of
securing his title to his land by payment with the
warrant, the chances are a hundred to one if the
agent will sell him one. Theasent will reply, " 1
have no warrants for sale. What do you want
with a warrant?" And the applicant will reply,
"I desire to save my preemption." "Well,"
says the agent, " I'll tell you what I'll do: I'il lo-
cate your land and improvements in my own
name, or in the name of the company who own
the warrants, and 1 will give you .an instrument,
providing that you shall have your farm clear in
two years, provided you can then pay me two
hundred dollars for the. warrant, with, twelve per
cent, interest." Well,.in very manyinstanees the
two years pass over, and the settlers aiewithout the
ability to pay according to their bargain; and thus
the man who has located the warrant allegedly
for the benefit of the settler,gets not only his land,
but the benefit of ajl the labor which he has be-
stowed upon it for years. That is the operation
which the production of these land warrants has
produced in the Western country; and it is not a
fact, that in that region they furnish any facility
for the location of lands. It is rarely that they do
otherwise than result in injury when they get
amongst us. It is true, that'sometimes a solitary
individual from the ^Yest, when in New York,
may purchase a land warrant for a little less than
the Government priceof the land, and may, when
he readies home, go and locate it; but these cases
are by no means common. If, therefore, you
seek to make tins bill a facility for the location of
lands, you v-'illfail, and the result will be that the
settler will not only lose his location, but his im-
provements also. I think, then, that therearerea-
sons why W estern men should make the most
strenuous opposition to the assignability of these
warrants. A gratuity to the soldier is not the
thing that is wanted. The design, indeed, may
be good, but the result is not so. You give him
an assignable.warrant which he sells for half or
one third of its value, and which finds its way
into the hands of speculators. These speculators
locate the warrants, and, as I have shown, by
flattering prospects held out, frequently possess
themselves of improvements which are the result
of years of labor. The whole system, in all its
operations, is prejudicial to the inteiests of those
who are professedly most to be benefited; and as
the representative of one of the Western States, it
is a plan which I camjot support.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When I was up before,
T did not intend to utter an expression which
could elicit debate. I merely remarked that this
amendment was to perfect the system which
Government had pursued toward theseold soldiers.
1 did not intend to be driven into a discussion.
Time is valuable, and I think voting is better than
discussion. If I were to consume time in debate,
I think I could demonstrate, beyond the possibili-
ty of a doubt, that the policy of my friend from
Wisconsin, in refusing to make these warrants
assignable,helps the speculator, and enables him to
double and treble his profits, and make the whole
out of the pockets of the old soldiers. Those who
now purchase these warrants, make the fact that
they are not assignable a pretext for a reduction
of the price to be paid for them. I could demon-
strate that the system which the gentleman advo-
I cates, while it ruins the old soldier does not bene-
i fit the country, and operates in favor of the spec-
; ulator. He is the speculator's friend on this floor,
! giving him a profit daily and hourly. But I have
j said 1 will not be driven into a discussion on this
subject. I merely wish to say that I disclaim
: much that the gentleman has imputed to me.
! Mr. DAWSON. I wish to say a few words in
! repl y to my friend from Wisconsin. What is his
proposition? Here we have a bill proposing to
, give one hundred and sixty, or eighty, or forty
| acres of land, as the case may be, to the old sol-
| drers for their toil, trouble, and dangers in the
i service of the country; and by the amendment
\ proposed, we say to every foreigner in all the
] world, " You may just step over into the United
! States and settle on one hundred and sixty acres,
| and you will have all the rights and privileges
I with the old soldiers who have fought the battles
I of the country."
f Mr. WALKER. I knew that would be the
i argument of the Senator from Georgia, if he spoke
I at all: for it is the fourth or fifth time he has in-
troduced it when he has spoken on this subject.
1 But I wish to reply to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, and soy to him that I am not the spec-
| ulator *s friend either in the operation of my amend-
ment or in intention.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not say it is his
intention to befriend the speculator, but his argu-
ments lead to it.
Mr. WALKER. 1 will ask the Senator from
Kentucky if he knows of an office in any city for
the purchase of these new land warrants ? I know
; there are agencies in every city in the country for
1 the purchase of the warrants given to the soldiers
in the Mexican war; but the gentleman cannot
find an agency for the purchase of this new batch
of land warrants; there is too much risk in it.
They cannot become a circulating medium at
present.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman wiif
allow me, I will give him facts, as he inquires for
them.
Mr. WALKER. I yield the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In my section of coun-
try, I know a young man to have been employed
to go out and locate these warrants. He makes
his contracts in this manner: " You give me so
much for my trouble in visiting the States where
the public lands are to be found, and locating your
warrants"—making a handsome profit upon that
 " and then I will pay you so much, if you will
convey yottr claim to me when the patent is ob-
tained." That is the way in which the bargain
is made, and the sum which is received by the ori-
ginal holder of tile warrant is not half of what he
will get if you will make the warrants assignable
at once.
Mr. WALKER. That is the case given by the;
Senator from Kentucky of a young man who con-
tracted to locate these land warrants, and with
the prospect of securing a title to the land. That
is very indefinite. I do not know what he is to
get, neither what he is to receive for his compen-
sation, nor what he is to pay for the land. But I
will make this assertion, that if you make these
land warrants assignable,-without affixing to them
a given cash value, they will comedown to a price
which will be merely nominal. Sir, I know of
agencies established, not to purchase these war-
rants, but to locate them in the best places for the
benefit of the large Holders. There is an agent in
the city m which I live who will agree to locate a
hundred and sixty acres for ten, and eighty or
forty acres for five dollars, and who will guaranty
its quality. And, sir, if any land is worth $1 25
an acre to the General Government, that land is
worth that much to the proprietor when the war-
rant is located. I am quite aware that in many
instances land warrants have brought their full
value; but if you make all this new batch assign-
able, there will be so much competition that the
price will come down to a mere fraction of what
it ought to be, as was the case with the Mexican
lands. If the soldiers, m whose- favor these land
warrants were issued, would employ men who
would honestly discharge the duty of locating the
warrants, they would obtain the full value of
them, and we should heaf nothing more of the
clamor about this gratuity of the Government to
the soldiers having gone into the hands of others
than those for whose benefit it was exclusively
designed. I know an instance in this city of a
man who had two warrants which he offered for
§210, and the mail to whom they were offered re-
fused to take thorn at the price; but he located
them for the individual, and since that time he has
sold thisjand—the whole of the three hundred and
twenty acres—for f-4 an acre, thus realizing SI,280
for what, a short time before, he had offered for
§210. Now, that is an instance that I know of,
and yet it is urged by tlio£g who are interested in
speculating ill these warrants, that they cannot be
made available to the holders at this time. That
is an argument which has been urged out of doors,
and Senatois are made to believe that there is no
way of benefiting the soldier but by making the
warrants assignable. It is, however, a false ar-
gument—one which is made to bear upon those
who control the newspaper press, and is reechoed
here by Senators who do not, I admit, intend to
reflect the interests of men engaged in these spec-
ulations, but who do it completely in effect. That
is, however, the effect; and I repeat that it is an
argument which is unsound and false, to say that
the warrants cannot be made to benefit the holder
to the full extent, if they would take the proper
means to avail themselves of such benefit. I will
venture to say, that if the holders of the warrants
will locate them for themselves, or will employ
proper persons to do it for them, the lands wilt
be worth double the price which they will get for
them if they are made assignable. My opposi-
tion, then, to the assignability of land warrants is
friendly to the holders.
It is not because I am inimical to the interest of
the old soldier that I oppose this bill; hut I believe
that, when the warrants are made assignable, his
interests will be sacrificed sooner and with more
