1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&1S
certainty than by any other system. But you
may say that is his own business: he is a freeman,
and can do as he pleases with his own property.
I know there is some force in the objection that
we give lands and then tie it up in the hands of the
holders of the" warrants. But that you should
have considered in the first place, and not have
taken a course to throw away the benefit which
you propose to bestow. Now, when it turns out,
according to this outside argument which we hear,
that the soldier does not want tire land, it is taken
for granted that the only other manner in which
you can benefit lnm, is to make the warrants as-
signable. It is notso; and the holders of the war-
rants will see that it is not so, if they will take
into consideration their true interest, and they will
locate their warrants themselves when they under-
stand that the assignment of them will be of very
small pecuniary benefit to them.
Mr. DAWSON. I have been somewhat sur-
prised at the observation of the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Walker,] as to his having heard the
argument that I made, used before by me. I
recollect that when the subject of the distribution
of the public lands was before us heretofore, the
Senator erected a platform, and presented himself
upon it ill such a manner that no one could fail to
have his attention drawn to it. Since that time it
has been understood that his mode and manner of
disposing of the public lands formed a sort of
platform for some purpose or other, which I can-
not say now. If I were so unkind or ungenerous
as to retort upon him, I might say, how often have
I heard the same argument from him, not only in
the Senate, but in other places, which he has used
on this occasion ? But I have nothing to say
against his doing that. It is the principle advo-
cated which I oppose, and the manner which he
assumes to himself to control the action of this
body, and express his views, somewhat indig-
nantly, against the views of all others.
He says that these public lands ought to go—to
whom? To the people. What people? I agree
with him that they should go to tiie people of
the United States; that they should be the prop-
erty of the country upon certain terms; and when-
ever we make donations to them it should be ac-
cording to the bill of my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] giving them to the old soldier.
But when, Mr. President, 1 see propositions made
to favor people who are not now within the limits
of our country; who never paid a dollar of tax
into the Treasury; who never shouldered a gun
in defence of the country, and to place them on a
footing with the citizens and soldiers of our coun-
try, it looks a little strange to me at least. Be-
cause I draw a distinction between men who
served the country in every capacity, and men who
never served it at all, it is presented here as a
strange and extraordinary argument. Shall i say
to the Senator from Wisconsin that his course of
policy is just of a character to cause the whole
country to be settled by a foreign population ? His
plan is to make a gratuity to every man who will
come from any section of the world, and settle on
the public lands. At whose expense is this to be
done? Who paid for tjje extinguishment of the
title of the aborigines of the country to the Soil
upon which you reside.' The whole people of the
United States paid for it in and through taxation.
And who gave you the power of taxing? The
men who fought the battles of your country and
sustained your Government. Yet they are to be
disregarded, and cannot get any of these advan-
ta  es upon the same terms as those who may have
fought against us. Because I expressed an opin-
ion of that kind, the Senator says he expected to
hear it again. Why hear it again ? Because it is
founded "in truth, in justice, in principle, and in
patriotism. It is not advanced as a mere scheme
to o-am public applause, or to throw myself upon
an "elevated platform by which to gam the applause
of parts of the community. The plan of my legis-
lation is to act upon principles of equality and jus-
tice; to do justice to every section and to every
man belonging to the country, according to his
service. And because I express my opposition to
giving the public lands, which my constituents
assisted to pny for, to men who never paid a dol-
lar into the Treasury, it is looked upon as some-
thing exceedingly strange. If ours was a Govern-
ment not subject to the principle of the elective
franchise, if it was governed differently, it might
be done.
From our local positions, and from other cir-
cumstances, we are led to adopt certain views, and
become attached to them. I do not blame the
Senator from Wisconsin for holding his views.
But the lands in Alabama and Mississippi have
been disposed of, and the proceeds have gone into
the Treasury; and now because there are lands
in other sections of the country, the people who
go there are not to be subjected to the same pro-
ceeding, and tire not to pay the same money into
the Treasury as others did. There is a want of
justice, of equity, and equality, in that. There is
no principle about it at all. Why should we pass
a law here to seduce our people to leave the old
States and settle in the limits of other States?
At whose expense will you be doing this ? The
States of Georgia and Kentucky are called upon
to vote for a measure which will induce their pop-
ulation to go off and settle elsewhere, because by
it property in other States will be given to
them. Is it wise and politic—is it to be expected
that the old States will give their support to a
measure which will lead their population to leave
them, and thereby diminish their own strength?
The Senator from Wisconsin will in a moment
see the impropriety of it. How is this to be
done? Not by the money of the General Gov-
ernment merely, for it is the money of the people.
And if the money of the people, which is now in*
the Treasury, or which has gone into the public
lands under your control, is to be divided, to
whom should it go? To the people who paid and
fought for the land, and not to those who never gave
a dollar or ail hour of service to the Government.
The principle advocated by the Senator from Wis-
consin would give the lands to those who never
advanced a dollar to the country; while mine is to
give them to men who fought ourbatties and paid
taxes into the Treasury.
I was not desirous of going into this matter.
Whenever the time will come to rally for the
rights of the citizens of this country, native and
adopted, against this plan of giving land away,
or any other analogous to it, you will find that
the people will rally for them. It is right that
they should do so; and because I referred to it,
I am held up here as repeating an argument.
No better argument can be made. When I sug-
gested the condensed argument, it was because a
mere repetition of it supplies the whole argument,
and there was no necessity of going into ail ex-
tension of it. Every man comprehends it. I
would not have made a reply to the Senator, but
for what I consider an unkind and unnecessary
remark, that he expected the argument from the
j Senator from Georgia, for he had heard it from
I him the fourth or fifth time. I have seen my
friend more than four or five times standing upon
the platform which he erected two years ago; and
when he stood up so high, because I paid my re-
spects to him, he ought to have felt grateful, in-
stead of being excited, at what I said. These are
my views.
Mi. WALKER. Mr. President 
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 rise to a point of order.
I believe the Senator from Wisconsin has spoken
on this subject more £imes than the rules allow,
and 1 have the preference for the floor.
Mr. W ALKER. I will give way with great
cheerfulness.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
The PRESIDENT. The motion cannot be re-
ceived while this ouestion is under consideration.
Mr. CLEMENS. As I think it important that
we should proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business, I move to postpone this subject
until we have more time to hear speeches upon it.
At the suggestion of Senators, the motion was
withdrawn.
Mr. WALKER. I hope no one will suppose
that I am going into an extended argument 
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Alabama make his point of order? . J
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not make any motion, |
as there seems to he a desire to vote upon the ques- j
tion. But 1 want to get into Executive session. ,
I will not press my point of order. 1
Mr. WALKER. I will detain the Senate only
while I make a single observation, in reply to the ,
Senator from Georgia. When I said that I ex-
pected to hear the argument from the Senator, if j
he said anything, I spoke entirely of his reference
to the foreign population who might be embraced j
in this bill. It was th^ Native American tendency
of the argument to which I intended t%> make «
reply. • 1 said that I- expected, if I heart! anything
from him upon that branch of the amendment, ihat
it would be just what he had said. Upon a pre-
vious occasron I offered a proposition in the "Sen-
ate, to the bill authorizing the is&ue of tend war-
rants, which amendment proposed to give to those
who had declared their intention to become citi-
zens, the rights and benefits resulting from it; and
then the Senator objected to this feature of fay
proposition. He objects to it again. But now,
will not the Senator allow me to pay him a com-
pliment? It was that very argument that he-thus
made, objecting to that feature in my amendment,
and a similar argument*made by the Senator from
Kentucky, that induced me to make the change
which is made in the proposition which I have
brought before the Senate—to require citizenship
before an entry should be permitted. I intended
to compliment the views of the Senators from
Georgia and Kentucky, by the'change which I
have made in the proposition since I offered it
upon a previous occasion. The Senator will per-
ceive that naturalization must he perfected before
the entry is permitted, according to the amendment.
I have no disposition to keep off this vote. I
know that the joint resolution will be adopted, but
I still wish to discharge my duty. It is what
every Senator desires to do when he knows that
his constituents feel anxious that he should make
head against it if possible, and when he feels a re-
ciprocal interest and anxiety to discharge faith-
fully his duty and meet the wishes of his constitu-
ents. I hope I have done nothing more. I do not
wish to force my peculiar views upon the Senate.
I wish not to tire the patience of any. I wish not
to be offensive. If you wish to pass the measure,
pass it. I can see the evil consequences which
will result from it. My constituents see them,
and they wish me to resist the measure to the
last. They wish me to resist this last measure of
oppression to them in their young settlements.
I do believe it will result in that. Take your vote
and pass it; and if the consequences to the West-
ern States which I have prophesied and pointed
out do result, and if hereafter Western members
see that I did- point them out, let them thank
themselves and bear in mind that I warned them
upon the present occasion.
The question being taken on the*amendment to
the amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
8, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Dod«r of Wisconsin, Douglas, Gwin,
Seward, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Wliitcomb—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Atclmort, Badger, Bayard, Hell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbuiy, Uright. Brodhead, Clarke,Clem-
ens, Davis, Dawton, Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Foot, Geyer,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Kins, Mcttde, MalJory, Man^um, Miller, Norris,
Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Spruauce, Stockton, Underwood,
and Upliaoi—35.
So it was rejected. 9
Mr. WALKER. I have another amendment,
which 1 shall offer as a proviso to the first section
of the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That not more than two land warrants of the
denomination of one hundred and M.\ty acies each, or the
equivalent thereof in wan ants of a less denomination, shall
be located by or in the name of the same individual upon
any of the public huuls.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I will have completed ray
duty when I shall have offered the following as
a proviso to the first section of the amendment:
Proi'ded, Th.iL do land \vnrrant shall be located witbm
six miles of any proposed railroad line or mute, unless
suel) location be intended for purposes of actual settlement,
to be ascei tamed by the oatli of llie party piupoaing to mate
the location.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer to the first section of the amendment.
It is to insert after the words "are hereby de-
clared to be assignable," the words " by deed or
instrument of writing made and executed after the
taking effect of this act." I will explain in a few
words the object of it. His to prevent past as-
signments, that are prohibited by law, from being
set up in any form. There are many instances in
which assignments have been made by individuals
holding these warrants, and of course they hare
been subject to large deductions on accoant of the
risk. The design of this amendment is twofold;
