1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
as we If now, and other men have been employed in manv
of our placp?.
Th:- ha=- been done, though, during the last winter, we .
weic led to bHieve, from the maimer of our dnchargf, that !
we would be again employed and continued m such em- :
p!o.yment. Under this belief we continued in Washington, I
and weie nece^anly forced to contract debts during the past i
winter and spring tor our support, expecting to pay the I
same out of the proceeds of our labor during the present
season. \ ou will thus &ee our unfortunate position ; many
of u^, far from our homes, and our families, and without
means 01 letuimng to the same,and in debt here, and those
of us who live m Washington are also suliereis; for we,
too, have contracted debts, expecting to meet the same
when the work on the Capitol should be recommenced;
and, believing that we would at that time be thus employed,
we did not endeavor to get work elsewhere. All of us are
thu^ thrown out of vvotk unexpectedly, and at a time when
the necessaues of life are very dear in Washington. We
would, theiefore, most ie%puctlully and earnestly dsk you,
who are the representatives of thp rights and the wants of
the people, to take our ea^e in consideration, hoping that
you will deem it just to allow what we do by this petition
mosjt respectlully ask, namely: the u^ual wages lor tne
time that we were unemployed on the Capitol, and waiting
to be employed on the same—that is to say, from the 13th of
December, l80I, up to the 15th of April.
JEREMIAH SHEAHAN, ) Committee on
MICHAEL O'CONNOR, \ the part of the
JAMES COLLINS, ) laborers.
Washington', May 1, 1852.
It is the memorial of certain persons who have
been employed in work upon the Capitol, asking
that some measure may be adopted by Congress
to afford them relief in their present destitute and
suffering condition. It will be recollected—I think
it proper to give this explanation before present-
ing- the memorial—that, when the joint resolution
making an appropriation to continue the work
upon the two wings of the Capitol was before the
Senate, an amendment was made to it, giving to
the workmen who had been engaged on that work
an allowance for a portion of the time that they
had been detained here without work, but prom-
ised and expecting it. Before that amendment
was made, the advocates of the appropriation to
continue the work on the extension, made a very
strong appeal both here and elsewhere in behalf
of these poor men, who were represented as being
in a suffering condition, who had been kept here
expecting work, who had incurred debts, and who
were suffering exceedingly for the means of liv-
ing. The appeal was made to Congress; the men
were brought into our galleries; their sufferings
were so strongly represented as to appeal very
powerfully to the sensibilities of Congress, and
were held up, by those who desired the appropri-
ation to continue the work to be made, as a means
of obtaining support for the measure. To what
extent that appeal was influential upon the minds
of members, I am not prepared to say; I know
very well, however, it was a very strong one to
my own sensibilities. At any rate, the advocates
of the measure made use of it as a means to ac-
complish their purpose. Under the feeling raised,
and from the consideration suggested, by the ap-
peal, 1 was a warm advocate, with others, for a
provision m the appropriation to afford some re-
lief to those suffering men. The amendment
which was made here went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and there failed. Opposition was
made to it here and elsewhere upon the ground that
the laborers had abandoned all desire or expecta-
tion, and withdrawn their petition for relief in the
way of back pay; that all they wanted was work.
Give them employment for the future, and they
would be featisfied to put up with the privations
of the past. This was said to be all they wanted.
This statement, although not authorized by a large
majority of those men, was freely made use of,
and seemed to be sufficiently influential to defeat
the proposition to afford them relief at that time,
and m that way. It was deemed sufficient that
they should have employment for the future; that
that would satisfy all purpose.
But what has been the consequence? All the
individuals then employed, and in whose behalf
the appeals had been made, who failed to come
forward and say that they did not wish any back
pay, have now been summarily dismissed from
work, and persons not employed before have been
substituted in their places. Those \ery individ-
uals, with all the inconveniences and sufferings
that they have suffered, by having been thrown
out of work in winter, which sufferings were
made use of as an appeal in support of the appro-
priation to carry on this work, have been thrown
upon the world without employment, with pro-
spective suffering added to their past privations.
They now come forward with their memorial,
present their case to the Senate of the United
States, and ask that it may be taken into consid-
eration and some relief afforded. I present the
memorial, and ask that it may be laid on the table
and printed.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to print goes
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITION WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
of certain clerks, m the Second Auditor's office.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
to the State of Arkansas the right of way and a
portion of the public lands, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad fiom Gaines's Landing to Ful-
ton, in said State, reported it back without amend-
ment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Charles Mason, judge for Des Moines county,
Iowa, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
to refund to the county of Des Moines, Iowa,
certain expenses of the district court which were
paid by that county; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill to re-
fund to the State of California the expenses in-
curred m suppressing Indian aggressions m that
State, submitted an adverse report thereon.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them
back without amendment:
An act to authorize the Legislature of Missis-
sippi to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for
the use of schools m said State; and
An act to legalize certain entries of public lands
made in the State of Florida.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred numerous memorials in favor of a
modification of the bounty land law, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the documents m
relation to Jim Capers, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for Ins lulicf; which was read,
and, by unanimous consent, was ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
The Secretary commenced reading the bill.
Mr. HALE. I object to the second reading of
the bill at this time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chafr stated ex-
pressly that it could be read a second time only by
unanimous consent, and no objection was maae in
time.
Mr. JONES. It is a negro bill.
Mr. HALE*. I object to the second reading.
Mr. JONES. You are too late.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that I am
too late.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated that
unanimous consent was required, and no objection
was made.
Mr. HALE. I want to make a suggestion for
the benefit of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Maxgum,] who,.when in the Chair the other
day, sustained the objection, made by his col-
league, to the reading of a bill the second time,
after the reading had commenced. _ I
Mr. JONES. I apprehend my friend from New |
Hampshire does not know that the bill is for the
relief of a negro. He was one who served his
country gallantly, and m consequence of his faith-
ful service, the committee have reported this bill
for his relief.
Mr. HALE. For that very reason 1 objected;
because I thought it indecorous for the Senator
from Iowa to suggest that I would be governed by 1
different principles in respect to ray action for one
man, fiom those which influenced me with regard
to another. Therefore it was that I insisted on
my objection.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks the ob~
iection enme too late.
The bill was then read a second time.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
shall place the name of Jim Capers upon the list
of revolutionary pensioners, and pay him annu-
ally the sum allowed as the pension of one who
served as a musician during the revolutionary war;
said pension to commence on the 3d day of Au-
gust, 1850.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will consent to lay aside that bill, that we may
take up the special ofder of the day.
Mr. JONES, I hope the bill will be considered
now. *
Mr. HALE.1 Let the report be read.
The report states that documents were referred
to the Committee on Pensions, setting forth the
fact that Jim Capers served in the capacity of a
drum major, in the revolutionary war, and that
the testimony with regard to that fact was quite
satisfactory to the committee. Among the docu-
ments was a letter, dated June, 1850, from the
Hon. B. Fitzgeiald, before whom Capers made
his declaration, in which he states that there
are papers among the documents, relating to the
case of Capers, which speak of him as a slave;
but that the time when he was mustered into the
service and out of it can be proved, as well as the
fact of his freedom now, and when he left the
service. The committee reported, therefore, that
there was no-conclusive ground to suppose, that
during his service or since, he was a slave, and
accordingly reported a bill for his relief.
Mr. HALiC. I would like to know from the
committee, as I see it is made a great point m the
report, if this man had been so unfortunate as to
have been a slave, notwithstanding he had estab-
lished such a character as to have been made an
officer in the Army, whether that circumstance
would have debarred him from receiving a pension?
I do not know of any such rule; and if there be
such a rule, I should like to know it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Gtuestion!
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
BILL INTRODUCED,
Mr. DOWNS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduces bill granting to
the State of Louisiana the right of way and a
donation of the public lands, for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from Shreve-
poit to the Mississippi river, in said State; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Fokxey, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill entitled " An act for
the relief of Osborn Cross, of the United States
Army;" also,that it had passed the bill from the
Senate for the relief of Charles G. Hunter, and a
bill from the Senate entitled Ci An act for the re-
lief of Jane Irwin," with an amendment.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the hill for the relief of Jane
Irvin, and concurred therein.
The amendment is to add at the end of the hill
the words " without interest."
URSULA E. COBB.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspend the morning
business for a few minutes, for the purpose of
taking up a bill for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb.
It has been ordered to be engrossed by the unan-
imous vote of the Senate; but the Committee on
Enrolled Bills-saw that the name of this lady was
put on the list of pensioners under an act that had
been repealed. The committee have ordered a
change to be made, and as the bill has been ordered
to be engrossed, I hope it may be taken up and
amended.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IIALE. I now propose to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior bo required to place
the name of Ursula E. Cobb, widow of the late Charles
Cobb, a gunnei m the Navy of the United States, on the
h^t of navy pensions, and pay her at the rate of half the
pay which her husband was receiving at tire time of his
death: said pension to commence on the 9th day of May,
1S48, and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think this is a suitable
occasion to settle the question, whether we shall
have pensions granted which are retrospective in
i their operation.
