314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20.
to afford an opportunity to those individuals to t
reexamine the subject before they make a new as-
signment, before they transfer their warrants; and
also to prevent parties setting up a prohibited as-
signment.
The PRESIDENT. The first section as pro-
posed to be amended will read—
" That all warrants for military bounty lands which have
been, or may hereafter be, issued under any law of the
United States, and all valid locations of the same which
h&ve been or may hereafter be made, are hereby declared to
be assignable by deed or instrument of writing made and
executed after the taking effect of this act} according to
such torm," &c.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps it is due to the
committee to say that, in their deliberations on this
subject, nothing occurred which would sanction
the idea that we intended to ratify past assignments
and contracts in reference to these warrants, made
in violation of the law. I suppose that the object
of my friend" from Missouri is to prevent any such
inference from being drawn, and to make itpositive
that those contracts which were illegally made be-
fore, can only be legalized by an instrument of
writing made after the taking- effect of this law. I
have no objection to that; I suppose no member of
the committee will object to it. It was not the in-
tention either of any member of the committee or
myself to ratify any such illegal warrants.
Mr. DOWNS. I have no objection to the ob-^
ject of the amendment. I think it a very good
one; but I have some doubts whether perhaps a
different construction might not be put upon it.
Could it not be more simply expressed? I sup-
pose the Senator means by his amendment trans-
fers made in the ordinary way. But the public
officers might understand it differently. Some
States may give a different interpretation to the
words "deed or act."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The word "act" is not
used. It is "instrument of writing."
Mr. GEYER. The words which follow in the
bill explain it. The deed or instrument of writing
is to be made "according to such form, and pur-
suant to such regulations, as may be prescribea by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That shows it.
The amendment to the amendment was then
sgreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I have an amendment
which I wish to offer to the amendment. It is to
insert in the 1th section, after the words "of any
State," the words "orTerntory," so thatihe sec-
tion may read: " That m ail cases where the militia
or volunteers or State troops of any State or Ter-
ritory were called into military service, and whose
services have been paid for by the United States,"
&c., I presume there will be no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to propose
as an additional section;
—• AiM be it further enacted, That every actual
wittier, being an Ameiican citizen or having Med a declara-
tion of intention to become such, whethei the warrantee or
assignee ot a military bounty land warrant, shall be allowed
Jo locate the same upon any pubhe land inhabited and lm-
pioml by such settler (provided the same be not unncial
land) not exceeding in quantity one hundred and -sixty
acres, whether such land be subject topuvate entry or not,
upon making pioof to the satisfaction of the registei and
receivot, ot actual inhabitancy and cultivation of the tract
m tiacfs Uiuh sought to be entered: Provided, That .such
{occitnms shall not be permitted upon any hind the price ot ;
wind! e.vecvlft. #1 per acre, unless the diileience in cash 1
bo fi< paid j
Mr. GWIN. I will briefly give the reasons j
why I think this additional section should be in- i
corporated m the bill. There are a great many
persons in the State which I represent entitled to 1
bounty land warrants who could not claim a pre- ■
emption on the lands upon which they are living,
because they have left their farms in the States s
from which they emigrated. These parties cannot !
use these warrants. They are now settlers there on ■
the public lands. They cannot claim the pnvi- 1
leges of preemption because the law limits and ex- i
eludes certain persons, and they are of that class.
But they are the parties to whom, these warrants ,
are to be issued. All I wish is, that they may be !!
permitted to locate them on the lands upon which ; j
they have settled. There is another important i
matter which seems to have been overlooked in :!
this bill, and it is this: In extending the location j!
of these bounty land warrants the mineral lands
of California have not been excluded. They !l
should be excluded from location in express terms
in this bill. There should be a clause in it by which
none of its provisions should be extended to the
mineral lands of California. At present there is
no guard of that kind in the bill, and is an addi-
tional reason why my amendment should be
adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I really think that there
is no necessity for the amendment of my friend
from California. The original bill northeprior legis-
lation upon the subject does not open any portion
of the lands in California to these land warrants.
The public lands in California have not yet been
opened by any legislation of Congress so far as
I know.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, yes! There is a Surveyor
General for California, and the lands are being
surveyed, and are open to preemption claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That may be; but the
public lands in California have not yet been brought
into market by proclamation of the President of
the United States. No sales have yet been made.
Steps have been taken, I know, to have the public
lands in California surveyed, but none of these
warrants can be located on lands unless they are
subject to entry by private individuals; and they
cannot be subject to entry by private individuals
until they have been offered for sale*in the market,
under the proclamation of the President of the
United States. That is the operation of the law
as it now stands. So far as relates to the use of
these land warrants in securing the home of the set-
tler, we made provision for that by an amendment
which we adopted when the bill was up yesterday.
It does, therefore, seem to me, that the amend-
ment of my friend from California cannot have
a beneficial, but must have an injurious effect.
1 hope it will not be adopted. It is merely pro-
viding for that which is already provided for.
If the Senator intends to enlarge the use of land
warrants for settlers, so as to allow the settlers
who have them to enter on the public lands, and
locate them before the lands have been offered at
public sale under proclamation of the President of
the United States, 1 think it would be a bad policy
to adopt any such provision. I hope, therefore,
that on reflection, my friend from California will
see the propriety of not pressing his amendment.
1 Mr. GWIN. In reply to what the Senator
from Kentucky has stated, I will say that these
lands are now being surveyed, and unless we legis-
late on this subject during this session of Congress,
before the next they may be offered for sale, or
open to entries under the preemption laws; and
therefore the very same process that exists in
other States in regard to the public lands will be
in operation there. Whenever the public kinds in
California are surveyed, a settler can claim a pre-
emption right in that State, under existing laws;
and if a settler on the public lands, there or else-
where, has served m the war, and is entitled to a
bounty land warrant, I propose that he shall have
the privilege of locating his warrant on the land
upon which he lives, whether he is or is not enti-
tled to a preemption. That is the whole point of
; the case.
| There is, however, another provision in my
: amendment which I think a very important one,
| and that is, that none of the mineral lands in Cali-
| fornia shall be subjected to the provisions of this
j law. I consider that as of the very highest im-
portance. The public lands in that State are being
surveyed, and I have no doubt will be speedily
offered at public sale, because the wants of that
country require that they should be soon disposed
of. Hence I think that this is of very great im-
portance, for before we can pass another law upon
this subject, these lands may be brought into
market. All that I wish is, that every individual
; who has a bounty land warrant in his own right,
! now living on and cultivating the public lands in
, California, or any other State, when those lands
! shall be surveyed and brought into market, shall
j have the privilege of locating his warrant, instead
j of going to somebody else to sell it. Many of the
! citizens ofCalifornia, emigratingfrom other States,
! have left a quantity of land undisposed of, that
. excludes them from the advantages of the pre-
| emption laws, and these individuals will be forced
to sell their warrants, although they are now liv-
ing on the public lands. ] wish that every person
in California, to whom a warrant is issued, shall
have the privilege of locating it on the land on
which he resides.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would say to my
friend from California, that he proposes the intro-
duction on the spur of the occasion, of a very im-
portant matter, which has not been deliberated
upon by the Committee on Public Lands; and it
strikes me that it will lead to consequences which
we are not perhaps prepared to*meet. i am not
certain that there is any law granting preemption
rights in California.
Mr. GWIN. The general land laws have been
eXMjdeUNDERWOOD. The chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Felch] is much
more familiar with this subject than I am; for, for
the last two years I have not been a member- of
that committee, and I would defer to his superior
information on this subjeftt. I do not know that
there is any law in force in reference to the public
lands in California which grants preemption rights
there, or states how much land the settler can
have. I recollect very well that provisions have
been made in regard to the public lands in the
Territory of Oregon, but I have no recollection
now of any specific legislation which embraces
the public lands in California; and I doubt whether
the public laws in reference to the preemptive
rights in force in the rest of the United States be-
fore the acquisition of that -territory will apply,
unless they have been expressly extended there."'
These matters are sprung upon me just upon the
spur of the occasion, without having any oppor-
tunity of examining the statutes, without any op-
portunity of ascertaining whether my ideas upon
the subject are right or wrong. 1 am not prepared
to adopt any amendment of this kind in such a
hurry, without its having gone through an inves-
tigation by the Committee on Public Lands. I
would like to hear from the chairman of that com-
mittee on this subject.
Mr. GWIN. At the last session of Congress
a clause was inserted in one of the appropriation
bills extending the land laws to California, pro-
viding for the appointment of a surveyor general,
and making appropriations for the purpose of sur-
veying the public lands in that State. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands had reported a land bill
for California, which was elaborately prepared,
and debated in the Senate; but owing to the dis-
cussion which arose upon the river and harbor
bill it was not acted on. In order that the State
which I represent should have the benefit of
the land laws, and for the purpose of com-
mencing the surveys of the public lands, an
amendment was made to an appropriation bill of
the character 1 have described. Under it a sur-
veyor general has been appointed, and is now
actively engaged in the performance of his duty.
The Secretary of the Interior has estimated for a
large amount to be appropriated for the survey of
the public lands in California—an appropriation
of some three hundred thousand dollars. The
preemption law, as well as the general land laws,
has been extended to California, as well as to
other States where the lands are surveyed and
brought into market, as the lands in California
| will very soon be. But here is the point in this
! case: There are persons in that State who, tech-
nically, are not entitled Jo the benefits of this gen-
eral preemption law, because they have emigrated
without having disposed of the lands they lived
on. They are entitled to bounty land warrants
as soldiers in the Mexican war, but cannot locate
their warrants on the lands upon which they now
reside. I simply wish that they shall have the
privilege, if they are actual settlers and cultiva-
tors, of locating their own warrants to include
their present homes and improvements-—provided
those locations shall not be made on mineral
lands. That is the whole case.
Mr. FELCH. It is perfectly manifest that this
provision cannot be adopted and carried out with-
out breaking in upon the whole system of the
Government with regard to the public lands. The
lands in California are not yet in the market; and
although an appropriation was made for a sur-
veyor to commence the surveys there, yet the sys-
tem, as a system, is not to be extended in its prac-
tical operation to that portion of the country.
The provision of law, under which the Surveyor
General of California was appointed, makes an
appropriation for the surveys in the ordinary
manner, and under the general law of the United
States; but there is not one acre of land in Cali-
fornia which can be purchased by anybody for
money or in any way. There can be no pur-
