1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:B®5'
chasers of land there, and no entries of land, by
land warrants or anything else, unless there be
established land offices. There is neither land
office nor land district in that portion of . the
country.
Further pro#sion of this kind, therefore, at the
present time, is entirely inapplicable to the state
of the case. It does not appear, as yet, what
may be done in regard to the lands in that coun-
try. What we hare hitherto done is this: We
have provided for settling claims of all Spanish
and Mexican settlers, who claim by virtue of
grants from Spanish or Mexican governments.
We have done nothing more. There was a bill
before the Senate, to which the Senator from Cali-
fornia has referred, extending the general system
of the land laws to California, and granting «er-
tain preemption rights and donation rights; but
the bill did not become a law. We have, there-
fore, scarcely started upon the system of disposing
of the public lands in that country. All we have
done is to send a surveyor there, who may or
may not have commenced the surveys. I am not
informed upon that point.
Mr. GWIN. He has commenced the surveys.
Mr. PELCH. If this provision should be
adopted, it will be impossible, under the bill, to
commence proceedings in favor of any one man
having a warrant there. He cannot locate it there,
as there is no land office where he can locate it.
There is no authority to allow him to locate. That
is the state of the case at the present time.
Preemption rights cannot, of course, apply to
California, because the preemption right applies
only to cases where the lands have been surveyed
and are ready to be brought into market. For-
merly'those rights did not attach until the land was
offered for sale. A more liberal law now prevails;
and after the surveys are made with a view to sale,
within the land districts where purchases can be
made, there preemption rights may accrue. But
settlers who have gone on the public lands in Cal-
ifornia, even if they have land warrants, are pre-
cisely in the same condition as men who have
money in their pockets. Neither of them can take
up lands there. They stand precisely on the same
footing.
Unless we are disposed to go beyond the prin-
ciples which have heretofore been adopted, it does
not seem to me that this provision could be of any
practical effect, even if incorporated into the bill.
Certainly it does not seem to me to be wise, at the
present time, to adopt it.
Mr. GWIN. From the statement which has
just been made by the Senator from Michigan, it
is perfectly evident that this bill is to have no
bearing at all in California. That State is to be
entirely excluded from its operations. I am as-
tonished that when we are legislating upon so im-
portant a question as this, that there is no provis-
ion in this bill applicable to such a vast amount
of lands as there is contained in the State of Cal-
ifornia. We all know tfiat registers.and receivers
will very soon be appointed for that country; and
then the general law of preemption will certainly
be in operation. All I wish is, that the land laws
may be extended, in every particular, to the people
of California as they are to other sections of the
Union. If we adopt this amendment now, it will
noi be necessary to legislate upon this subject again
when the California land bill comes up for consid- !
eiation. I am opposed to the passage of this or ]
another law that will have to be altered hereafter,
and adapted to laws to be enacted for California; j
for I know the difficulty of getting any special le- !
O-Islation for that State. I wish this to be a gen- j
eial law, and when we do adopt a land system for
California, and carry it out by the appointment of i
proper officers, the citizens of that State will have j
the same rights as the citizens of other States un- !
der the same land laws. It is evident that m a
short time we shall extend the land system into
California, and appoint registers and receivers.
Then why not have a provision in this law giMng
to the citizens of that State the same rights which
citizens of other States are to have ? _
Mr. FELCH. It is not California alone to
which the principle applies which the Senator
states. It applies to Oregon, where we have sold
110 lands; it applies to New Mexico; it applies to
Utah; it applies to most of the new States; it ap-
plies to a portion of my own State; it applies to all
the unsurveyed lands. It has never been the policy
of the Government to induce persons to come and
settle on the laud before it is ready to be brought
into the market under any circumstances. We
throw into the market every year a much larger
amount of the public lands than is demanded for
the ordinary sales of the year.
As I remarked before, formerly we restricted
preemption rights to a very small portion of terri-
tory. Now, we have extended them; and a per-
son may go to any portion of the public lands
where surveys have been made and acquire a pre-
emption right. This proposition is to allow per-
sons not only to go on the lands after-the surveys
are made, and the boundaries are understood,and
the monuments aiiixed, and the locations are de-
fined, so that a man can know on what land he is;
but it is proposed to allow people to settle on the
lands and acquire preemption rights before any-
thing is done to make the landmarks, before any-
thing is done to fix the locations. There is great
liberality in the law which now prevails in refer-
ence to the granting of preemption rights; and I
heartily concur in the principle which has been
adopted. But it seems to me that we could
scarcely carry it further without doing it great in-
justice, and at the same time making great confu-
sion in the administration of the public domain.
Mr. GWIN. We know perfectly well that in
all of the new States settlements are made on the
public lands before they are surveyed; and when
the lands are surveyed, the settlers have the rights
and privileges of preemptors. The public lands
are now being surveyed in California. We have
asked for a large appropriation for their survey.
Surveys in that country are made with great
rapidity if ample means are placed at the disposal
of the Surveyor General. It is expected that in
twelve months there will be a large quantity of
our public lands open to the preemption laws.
With regard toOregon.it is true the preemp-
tion Jaws have not been extended there—but
why? Because you give the lands away there.
You give them donation privileges, and they do
not want preemption rights. In regard to cfew
Mexico and Utah, I know that the preemption
laws have not been extended there. No Surveyor
General has been appointed for these Territories,
j They need legislation, and they need it badly.
| But it is my duty to endeavor to bring into active
| operation m California the provisions of the pre-
! emption laws, and to give every person entitled
I to a bounty land warrant, and an actual settler and
! cultivator of the public domain other than mineral
j lands, the right of locating his warrant on his
I own home. This is the only object I have in
I view.
: Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to the Sena-
| tnr from California, that when the land system
j shall be extended to his State, this law will apply
| to that State. I am for the general principle of
: our preemption law. I understand the matter
i perfectly; and 1 say that the gentleman, by his
amendment, will accomplish nothing whatever.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment will accomplish
this: it will permit an individual living on the pub-
lic lands in California, after the lands shall have
been surveyed and opened to preemption, to locate
his own warrant on the land on winch he resides
and cultivates. That is certainly a new principle,
and a very important one. Citizens of every
State in the Union, who served in the war with
Mexico, have emigrated to California, and I want
to give them the privilege of locating their own
wai rants to include their new homes, whcneverthe
public lands shall come into market.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is:
Shall the amendment be engrossed, and the bill be
read a third time ?
Mr. WALKER. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 35, nays3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell. Berrien, Borland, Brad-
I burv, Brodfiead, Claike, Davw, Dawson, Dodge of
' Wisconsin. Douglas, Downs, Fish, Foot, Geym. Hale,
Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of len-
nessee. McRae,Mallory. Mangum, Miller, Norris, Pearce,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Soul^, Spruunce, Stockton,
Sumner, and Underwnod—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Gwm, Wade, ami W alker~o.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ;
Toesday, January 20, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.'
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution J^o. 1,
heretofore reported from the select committee, to
which the same was referred, with an amendment
explanatory of the act of 1850 granting to certain
officers and soldiers bounty land, &c.; the pending
question being on the motion submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dunham,} to commit
the said joint resolution and pending amendments
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, and on which question the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union this morning, and take up the Mexican in-
demnity bill, if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fitch] would yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. PITCH. I am not particular as to the
time of resuming the consideration of this joint
resolution, but my object is, that whenever it does
come up—and upon which I have the floor—to
make my objections to it known. If occupying
the morning hour in the consideration of that
report will interfere with the business of thfe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I have no objection,
so far as I am concerned, to give way to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state to the House,
though I do not know it, other than from rumors,
aside from the fact that the House possesses the
knowledge, that thei e is a strong necessity for act-
ing upon this bill at an early period. I understand
there is a communication upon the Speaker's table
from the President of the United States, urging
that we shall act upon it speedily. I wilt, there-
fore, move that the communication be first read,
and then I will propose to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Uni<^.
affairs of utah.
The SPEAKER (there being no objection) pro- «
ceeded to lay before the House a communication
| from the President of the United States, in regard
I to the affairs of Utah.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not the
, message referred to.
! Mr. HOUSTON. Nevermind. Let it be read,
j and I will move that it belaid upon the table and
! printed.
j The communication was accordingly read, as
i follows:
I To the House of Representatives:
I I transmit a copy of a letter which has been
| addressed to me by the Secretary of the Territory
I of Utah since my recent message to tlie House of
j Representatives, in answer io its resolution re-
i questin^ information in regard to the affairs of
; that Temtory. MILLARD FILLMORE,
j Washington, 16?h January, 1852.
' To the President of hhe United State*:
; Sir : Anion" the official papers relating to affairs in the
■ Terntory of Utah, as published in "The Doily Ulobe" of
' the 10th instant, i* ^ Irtfer from Governor Brighton Young
1 to the President of the United States, dat«>d September 29th,
t 1851. In this letter the following paragraph occurs .to wit:
i "Mr. Harris informed me, in a conversation which I had
i i with hint, that he had private imtm .lions, designed for
< no eye but his ou n, to watch every moveine.it, ami not pay
1 out any funds, utiles the >nmc should be strictly legal,
< according to his own judgment."
I bug leave to &ay, that the statement contained in this
paragraph, to the effect that f said to Governor Youns? that
I "had private mstinotions, downed tor no eye but my
own, to watch every movement," &e.,has no foundation
m tiuth, and i* so very improbable in itself as to excite as-
tonishment that Governor Young should have made it. I
i had hut one conversation with Governor Young, within my
j recollection, in which official infraction!* were mentioned
at all, and that conversation was m substance a* follows:
| Governor Young was striving to induce me, by argument
I and pei^imsion, to' di^hur^e tiie public money tlieifin my
1 po?ses-ion, in payment ol' the mileage and per diem, antl
1 th'; contingent expenses of the last Legislature of the pra-
! visional government of the State of Deseret. I informed
I him that"I could not comply with hia wishes. "But,
' said he, " suppose the Territorial Legislature, about to as-
