1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
collected and disbursed at the various points where
marine hospitals are located, and amongst others
in Missouri, during the last fiscal year. The
amount of hospital money collected in that State
was §2,268 77; the total expenditures for the sup-
port of the sick was $2,524 42. The object of the
Secretary of the Treasury, for which he asks this
additional appropriation^ to enlarge that hospital,
which will now only accommodate one hundred
and forty inmates, so as to provide accommoda-
tions for two hundred. There are frequently
nearly that number of sailors sick m the city of
St. Louis, partly supported at the Government
hospital and partly at the hospital in the city.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire whether this hospital is one that is already
established, and the erection of which has been
already commenced?
Mr. PHELPS. It is.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then it is not a new work ?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir.
" Treasury Department, February 6, 1852.
u Sir : Since the preparation of the estimates of appropri-
ations required foi the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1853, this Department has received reports fiom the
superintendents of the marine hospitals at St. Lon s Cleve-
land, and Pittsburg, and each requiring additional appro-
priations for the completion of the hospitals at those places
respectively, viz :
Marine hospital at St. Louis.
"The estimate of the cost of completing this hospital is
thus «tated by the superintendent:
Fot lumber, carpenter's work and hardware $9,976 00
<  lathing, plastering, painting and glazing  4,025 00
" plumber's work, cisterns, tanks, baths, kitch-
en and water pipes  5,045 00
li iron railing for porticoes, stops, paving and
flagging     1,800 00
Total  21,251 00
tl There has heen an alteration in the plan of this build-
ing. The original plan wa.« tor the accommodation of one
hundred and forty inmates; under the present arrangement
there are accommodations for two hundred inmates."
Mr. HOUSTON. The amount asked for in the
gentleman's amendment is $21,251—the amount
of the second estimate from the Department—and
I am opposed to it for the reason that the hospital
is now in a condition to receive and accommodate
sick seamen just as well as it will be after tins ap-
propriation is made. The estimate for this appro-
priation was sent in to the Committee of Ways
and Means after the regular estimate had been
sent in and acted upon. Tftc same paper contains
additional estimates for the marine hospitals at
Cleveland and Pittshnr?. In my opinion, the
proper course for the House to pursue is, to re-
quire these estimates to be sent to the committee
at the proper time, when the committee and the
House will have leisure to consider them. These
estimates were sent in after the regular estimates
had been examined and acted upon by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
By reference to thcitems makingup this amount,
it will be seen that it is intended for embellishment.
For instance, here is for white-washing fences,
planting; shade and fruit trees.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman read all
the items, so that the committee may see what
thev are?
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is #887 for brick sta-
ble, stone foundation 
Mr. PHELPS. That is not at St. Louis.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, that is at Pittsburg.
But here are the items for St. Louis: " For lum-
ber, carpenter's work and hard ware, lathing, plas-
tering, paintin? and glazing, plumber's work, cis-
terns, tanks," and so forth. "For iron railing
for porticoes, steps, paving, and flagging." Nearly
the whole amount is for items of that character,
and which are not essential to the accommodation
of sick spampn.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on the amend-
ment; which were ordered; and Messrs. Chand-
ler, and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported only thirty-ei^ht in the affirmative.
A further count not being insisted on, the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. PHEiLPS here resumed the chair.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, offered the following
amendment:
F@r the erection of a marine hospital at Portland, in the
State of Maine, for the better protection of sick and dis-
abled seamen, in puisuanee of existing law, $30,000.
Mr. F. said: Mr. Chairman, a bill has passed
the Senate making appropriation of the sum
which I now propose for the erection of a marine
hospital at Portland. That bill was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and after examina-
tion, they have instructed me to report it to the
House. In consideration of the pressing import-
ance of the work, I offer this amendment to the
general appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is there not a
marine hospital in Boston ?
Mr. FULLER. There is a hospital at Boston,
and I will inform the gentleman from Georgia that
it is full. There is no hospital east of that, a dis-
tance of coast of between four and five hundred
miles. Now, by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the expenditures during
the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1851, for the
support of sick and disabled seamen, 1 find that
there was about $7,000 expended in the State of
Maine, while about the same amount of money
was collected. I find, also, that a greater sum
was paid out in Maine for medical service for sick
and disabled seamen, than in any other State—
Massachusetts, New York, or any other. Now,
we have thirteen collection districts on our coast,
and by the existing law, sick and d^abled seamen
must be provided for within each of those dis-
tricts. If a marine hospital was erected at Port-
land, all our sick and disabled seamen could be
relieved there. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not like to attempt to
excludeanything from this bill that is really neces-
sary to be passed, but I feel it my duty to submit
a point of order in connection with that proposi-
tion. Under the 81st rule, I understand that such
appropriations as this are not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was not ad-
vised whether an appropriation had been made
for the erection of an hospital at Portland, in Maine,
or not. He understood, however, from the re-
marks of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] that it was in pursuance of an existing law
that he now asked an appropriation for the erec-
tion of an hospital there.
Mr. FULLER. The point which I make is
this: We have a provision by law for providing;
for sick and disabled seamen. It is therefore com-
petent for Congress to provide for the erection of
this hospital as coming legitimately within that
provision, as those seamen can be better provided
for than in private hospitals.
The CHAIRMAN. When the amendment
was offered the Chair understood that it was to
provide for the completion of an hospital; but as
the point of order is raised by the gentleman from
Alabama, and as it is shown by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] himself, that the
amendment is not for the completion of an hospital,
but for the erection of one, the Chair must decide
it to be out of order.
Mr. FULLER. I think that is a rather rigid
construction of the rules. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. • I desire to ask,
in connection with this question of order, whether
the gentleman did not state that he had reported a
bill for the erection of an hospital?
Mr. FULLER. I have not. Such a bill has
passed the Senate, and has been referred to the
Committee on Commerce. That committee have !j
instructed me to report the bill to the House, but
it has not yet been reported.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, now, I desire to know
if it is in order to incorporate another bill in the
civil and diplomatic bill?
The CH A 1RM AN. Discussion is not in order.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller.] sub-
mits fin amendment appropriating "$30,000 for
the erection of a marine hospital at Portland, in
the State of Maine, for the better protection of sick
and disabled seamen, in pursuance of existing:
laws." The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] raises the point of order that the
amendment is not in order. The Chair decides
that the amendment is not in order, as it is not
for the purpose of carrying out an appropriation
authorized by existing laws. The 81st rule pro-
vides that "no appropriation shall be reported
' in such general appropriation bills, or be in order
4 as an amendment thereto for any expenditure
1 not previously authorized by law, unless in con-
* tinuation of appropriations for such public works
' and objects as are already in progress, and for
* contingencies for carrying on the several Depart-
ments of the Government." The amendment
is for the erection of an hospital at Portland. There
is no existing law establishing a marine hospital
at that point, and therefore the Chair decides it to
he out of order. From this decision the gentle-
man from Maine appeals. The question now js,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee V
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, submitted the
following amendment:
For the purpose of a site, and for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at Memphis, $50,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must announce
to the gentleman from Tennessee that there is no
law authorizing the erection of a marine hospital
at that point; and the amendment is, therefore,
not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the Chair will at
least wait until some gentleman raises the point.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has the same
right to make a point of order as any gentleman
upon the floor,-if he chooses. But there is an
additional point in the case of the gentleman's
amendment. As I understand it, the law of 1842
requires that the Government shall not erect any
public bnilding unless upon plans previously sub-
mitted, and estimates of the cost for executing
such plan. In the case of the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] this requi-
sition has been complied with by the Committee
on Commerce, or at least I am bound to presume
that it has, because they have decided in its favor.
But in this case I suppose there has been no such
plan submitted.
Mr. STANTON. I will obviate that objection
by modifying this amendment, so as to provide
only for the purchase of a site. I have offered
the amendment only for the purpose of submitting
a remark or two, to show how necessary it is to
have an hospital erected at Memphis.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to rule the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, as modified, out of order. It
involves the same point precisely as that upon
which the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine was ruled out of order.
Mr. LOCKH ART offered the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana, $20,000.
Mr. L. said: I desire to state, in connection
with this amendment, that the sum of $25,000
has heretofore been appropriated by Congress
towards the erection of a marine hospital at
Evansville, Indiana; $5,000 of that sum has been
expended for the purchase of a site. Before pro-
ceeding further, I will avail myself of the cour-
tesy of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ask that the following letter from
the Treasury Department may be read:
Treasury Departmknt, July 17, 1852.
Sir: The Departm"nt having recently purchased a sue
for the murine hospital provided for .it Evan«ville. Indiana,
is desirous to contract for the erection of the building: so as,
if po««ib'e, to complete it during the present season, and
there being now at the dhpo^al of the J)epaitment for this
object only $00,000 of appropriations!, which being inade-
quate foi the erection ol a Mutable ^tincture, a contract
cannot be made except far portion* of the work until further
appropriation^ are made, and this course i« regarded as m-
judiciouv and productive of additional expense.
Two buildings for the same object havmc been ?o far
couiplcf" d at p'Hijt* coiresponding to that of Evansville, in
the matter of co*t, the Oepai tment is enabled to furnish th«
committee from these data with a just estimate of th«
probable expense of the structure, so that an appropriation
may be made at the present .session of the residue requited
to complete it.
The localities referred to are Louisville and Paducah,
Kentucky; at the former of which $42,000 have been ex-
pended, and at the latter $48,635.
The Department is of opinion that a suitable edifice can
be erected at Evansville for #40,000, which will require an
additional appropriation of $20,000 ; and T have the honor
to recommend that the same he done at the present session,
for the reason.* aheady stated
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
WM. L. HODGE,
Acting Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. George S. Houston,
Ohairman Committee Ways and Means, H- R.
From this letter it will be seen that it required
about $50,000 for the erection of a marine hos-
pital^ at Paducah; $42,000 has been expended
and it is not yet completed. The one at Louis-
ville cost $48,625, and is not yet entirely fin-
ished; so it will be perceived that the sum I ask is
less than the amount usually expended in struc-
