2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
-tares of this character. This is owing to the fact
that experience has proven that under the contract
system some ten or fifteen per cent, is saved in
the cost of such a building; knowing this fact, the
Secretary of the Treasury declines letting the
contract until a sufficient amount is appropriated
to complete it. To commence it and then stop for
means, the work becomes more or less injured,
and mechanics, from the necessities of the case,
must ask higher prices than would be charged if
they could' progress with their work and draw
their pay as they progress. I am informed that
heavy losses were sustained by the Government
in the erection of the hospitals at Louisville and
Paducah, for the reason that sufficient means were
not placed at the disposal of the Department in
the first instance to complete the buildings. In
conclusion, (as I see that my five minutes have
nearly expired,) I wish to say that there is no
point upon the western ■ waters where a marine
hospital is more-needed. Evansville is one of the
most important shipping points between Louis-
ville and Memphis; indeed.it is said by those
who are concerned in the carrying trade upon
those watersj that more domestic produce is
"shipped from Evansville than there is at Louis-
ville. The longest canal on the continent termi-
nates there, and most of the six hundred flat-
boatmen , who annually d escend the Wabash, land
■there on their return home, many of them sick
and without means. I hope the committee will
-make this additional appropriation, that the hos-
pital can be completed as cheap as possible, and
at the earliest day possible.
-Mr. HOUSTON. This is abuilding which has
been ordered to be erected by aprevious Congress;
and-1 do not know whether this Congress will
•feel disposed or not to interfere with what has been
heretofore ordered. It is competent for us to do
so, but I do not know whether the committee will
be so disposed. I feel bound, however, to submit
a fact or two connected not only with this, but
with all of the hospitals upon the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers. We have an hospital no w in opera-
tion -at - Pittsburg, another at Louisville, and an-
other at Paducah;and we have on the Mississippi
river, probably about three more, which are in oper-
ation. The one now proposed to be erected is not
more than one hundred and fifteen or one hundred
and twenty miles distant from two that are on the
Ohio river. It is'one hundred and fifteen or one
hundred and twenty miles from Paducah, and a
little more than that from Louisville. Nowj the
question presents itself to the Committee, whether
it is necessary to erect another at Evansville; and
in connection with this fact, 1 wish to submit an
additional one for the consideration of the com-
mittee. We are now paying annually some two
or three hundred thousand dollars beyond the
amount collected for sick and disabled seamen.
At the passage of a law by which a tax was to
be collected from the sailors for the purpose of
creating this fund, it was the intention of Congress
that this tax should keep up this fund, to sustain
and keep in a comfortable condition the sick sea-
men of the country. That fund would be large
enough now, if we were not wasting it in the con- ,
structionof unnecessary marine hospitals. Now, I
sir, if a vessel of any sort—take, if you please, 1
a flat-boat—were leaving Louisville, and a sailor
should become Rick, so as to require that he
should be placed in an hospital, a boat running
with the, mere current of the river would carry
hira to an hospital in about twelve hours. So it
seems to me that we are really constructing hos- |
pitals up and down these streams, where there is i
no oecessity for them. Now, if on a steamer j
- leaving Louisville, the hands should become sick, <
I understand that the vessel could reach the Pa- .
ducah hospital, in less than twelve hours. If it i
were to leave Paducah, in going down the river, I !
understand it wouW reach Napoleon in about the
same time. If a Bailor were to be taken sick im-
mediately on- leaving one of these hospitals, I j
understand he would reach another always in the I
course of a day or two. We have appropriated :
within the last few years, out of the Treasury for [
the support of this institution, more than a mil- ]
lion dollars—largely oyer the amount collected |
from the sailors. I think we are bound to pro- 1
tect these sailors and take care of them when they
are sick; but we are wasting the public money by !
building marine hospitals, at points where hos- .
- pitals are not needed—as I believe they are not on :
some points on the western rivers, where they are
being built. But if we waste this money, no
matter whether legally or otherwise, it is neces-
sary that we shouldmake it up from the Treasury,
that we may protect and make comfortable these
seamen when they become sick. I have a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in whicli he
states that comfortable quarters can be afforded
to sick seamen in private institutions for from one
third to one half what it coets to keep them in the
marine hospitals. So, if you build an hospital at
Evansville, the Secretary of the Treasury tells
you that he can take the sick seamen who might
go there, and provide for them in private institu-
tions for one half what it will cost there, after you
have expended all the money necessary to put it
into operation. The expense of keeping one of
these hospitals, comprehending the expense of
keeping a nurse and physician, and all the inci-
dental expenses for such an establishment, would
be more than double what it would cost to board
the invalids at a private institution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON I am informed by my friend
from Indiana; ifMr. Lockhart] that I conveyed
the impressio'fl that the Secretary of the Treasury
had singled out the Evansville hospital. He did
not allude to any particular hospital at all, but to
the general subject.
Mr. LANE moved to amend the amendment by
increasing the sum $1,000.
Mr. L. If the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means possessed, as I happen to do,
a practical knowledge of the present condition and
wants of that portion of the country about which
he has been speaking, I am quite sure that he
could not be induced to oppose the appropriation
thus asked for by the gentleman from Indiana.
He is in error when he supposes that invalids may
be conveyed from Louisville to Evansville within
the space of twelve hours with the mere float of
the current. At this, the "low water season,"
and when sickness and disease rage there with
greater violence than at any other period of the
year, flat-boats, by which the produce of the coun-
try in immense quantities is conveyed to our
southern markets, often consume fifteen or twenty
days in going from Louisville to Evansville, the
point at which it is proposed to establish an hos-
pital. The distance between these two points is
about two hundred miles, and at a low stage of
water,even small class boats, propelled by steam,
owing to bars and other obstructions in the chan-
nel of the river, sometimes occupy scarcely less
time in running to and from these points. The
officers and men employed upon these boats are
frequently compelled, in order to pass over these
obstructions, to expose themselves to the inclem-
encies of the weather, and indeed to the worst
hardships of the life of a boatman, and it is rare
that a number of every crew so detained and sub-
ject to hardships and exposure do not seriously
suffer from sickness before reaching Evansville;
and if they were compelled to continue on their
voyage to Paducah, a distance of about one hun-
dred and fifty miles further, before they could
receive proper medical attention, who could esti-
mate the amount of suffering and mortality which
would occur to this useful class of our people?
Many such are poor, and without the means of
securing to themselves in sickness, and from their
homes, proper medical attention, and they are
therefore compelled to depend upon charity for
their relief, or linger on for many days until'they
reach the hospital at Paducah. In the mean time
disease is at work, and relief, when it does come,
not unfrequently comes too late; and thus num-
bers every year perish—are sacrificed for the want
of an institution for which this appropriation is
asked at Evansville.
The estimate upon which the chairman of the ,
Committee of Ways and Means relies for his
statement of distances is incorrect. The distance
from Louisville to Evansville is, as I before' re-
marked, about two hundred miles, that from
Evansville to Paducah about one hundred and j
fifty, and that from the last-named point to Napo-
leon, about four hundred and forty-eight miles. I
am quite sure these are the accurate distances
between these points, since I speak from actual
knowledge and observation.
Evansville is the principal landing point for the
whole Wabash country. A very large portion of
the produce of the Wabash valley is exported to
New Orleans in flat-boats, the crews of which,
upon their return, almost invariably land there,
often late in the season, sick and in ill health, and
in painful want of that relief and medical care and
attention an hospital would afford them,and with-
out which many of them suffer and die. Besides
this, I hazard nothing in saying that a greater
number of people land at that place than at any-
other point on the Ohio river below Louisville. It
is a point, therefore, at which, for these and
many other reasons I might enumerate, an hospital
ought to be erected. I know it to be necessary,
and if the majority of this House had witnessed
the inconveniences, distress, and death, arising
from the absence of that care which ought to be
extended to this unfortunate class of our people
by the establishment of an hospital there, I have
no hesitation in saying that they would readily
make the appropriation asked for by the amend-
ment proposed by my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Lockhakt.1
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to consume
any more of the time of the committee than is ne-
cessary to enable me to refer to a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury upon this subject—not in
reference to this particular item merely, but to the
general subject of marine hospitals, about which,
I think, we have committed many egregious errors.
I called upon the Secretary of the Treasury by
letter, to give me the exact distances between
the hospitals situated between Pittsburg and New
Orleans. There is a difference between my friend
from Oregon, and the Secretary, as to these dis-
tances. The letter of the Secretary shows tlmt
Evansville is one hundred and fifty miles below
Louisville, and one hundred and fifteen miles above
Paducah. If I have committed an error, itisupon
the authority of the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who himself has committed the error,
if it be such. The letter says:
c! There are two hospitals in operation on the Mississippi—
one at Natchez, and the other at New Orleans, two hun-
dred and seventy-five miles from each other—and one at
Napoleon, Arkansas, and another at St. Louis 111 course ol'
erecuoa. These are five hundred and forty imiesapart, and
Napolerin is two hundred and fifteen miles above Natchcz,
and three hundred and fifty miles below Paducah."
These things.I obtained from the most authentic
source I could resort to, and I based my remark's
upon this document.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Does that letter
say it is three hundred and fifty miles from Napo-
leon to Paducah?
Mr. HOUSTON. The letter says;
" There are two hospitals in operation on the Mississippi—
one at Natchez, and'the other at New Orleans, two hun-
dred and seventy-five miles from each other—and one at
Napoleon, Arkansas, and another at St. Louis, Missouri,
in course of erection. These are five hundred and forty
miles apart, and Napoleon is two hundred and fifteen miles
above Natchez, and three hundred and fifty miles below
Paducah. Authority has been given to erect a marine hos-
pital at Vicksburjr, Mississippi, also."
Mr. STANTON. That is very different from
the understanding in my section of the country.
It is two hundred miles from Memphis to Napo-
leon, and two hundred miles from Memphis to the
mouth of the Ohio. So the Secretary is wrong in
that particular.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is quite as probable that
the Secretary of the Treasury, who has the data
in his office, and who was called upon by a com-
mittee of this House for correct information in re-
lation thereto, should furnish the correct distances,
as that the gentleman from Memphis [Mr. Stan-
ton] should do so, who only takes the hearsay of
persons who travel up and down the river.
And it is very natural that my friend from Ore-
gon [Mr. Lane] should make a mistake, for a man
who wades down a river is apt to suppose it is
really longer than it is, and a man who wades up
makes it longer still, because he becomes more
tired.- -
Mr. LANE, (interrupting.) I insist that no
man shall charge me with mistaking the distance
of places between Louisville and New Orleans.
Mr. HOUSTON. I give the distances which I
obtained from authentic sources.
Mr. LANE. The information "is not reliable.
Mr. HOUSTON. It may not be reliable, but it
is authentic. I said I received th6 information from
authentic sources, and I stated that I gave the dis-
tances as I obtained them from the Secretary of
the Treasury. It may be incorrect, but I rely
upon it.
