1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
admit your victory, so soon after you put this ma-
chinery m operation." I say, such a man would
have been considered more wild and visionary
than I can be in hazarding the declaration now,
'that twenty years will not have passed before
steam will have in a great measure superseded
sails as the great motive power on the ocean.
Under these circumstances these men entered into
the contract for the purpose of establishing this
line.
•I know it is said that they have not complied
with their contract, and, therefore, we should
abandon it. I know it is said that they have not
built vessels suitable for war purposes, and, there-
fore, the enterprise should beabandoned, I know
it has been said that-it is not an economical meas-
ure; that we shall lose money out of the Treasury
if we continue the system, and that therefore it
had better be abandoned.
As economy is the order of the day, suppose
we take up, in the first place, the financial portion
of the system. The Collins line has received, in
two years, $770,000. It has returned to the Gov-
ment,in postages on letters, up to the 1st of Marcli,
1852, $373,337 80. I know that in some speeches
made upon this subject—I believe m one made by
the Senator from Virginia—the latter amount is
reduced to something like $313,000, by taking
away three twenty-fourths of the sum, which,
under-the postal treaty goes to Great Britain. I
Irnow the gentleman aid not intend to argue un-
fairly. By the postal treaty, we are entitled to
five twenty-fourths of the postages received by th$
Cunard hue, which more than offsets the amount
paid to Great Britain by the Collins line out of the j
$373,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from Texas
did not undeistand me: §373,000 was the entne
amount of the sum of ocean postage received for
letters transported by the Collins hue. Out of that,
I say, the Collins line can only be fairly credited \
with two thirds—that is, sixteen cents on each (
letter. Five cents on each letter go to the United
States for inland postage. The Collins line does
not earn that; that is necessary for inland trans-
portation. Three cents on each letter go to Eng-
land lor inland postage. The Collins line does not |
earn that. All that it earns is sixteen cents on each ,
letter—that is, two thirds of the whole amount,
which is all that should be'credited to them.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; and with that very state-
ment we have, under the postal treaty, received
from the Cunard line an amount which more than
counterbalances the sum paid to Great Britain,
■ for -which no credit has been allowed to the Col-
lins line.
■ Mr. HUNTER. "YVe would not transport
these letters through this country for nothing.
We must be paid for it.
Mr. RUSK. And how are the letters or the
pay for them received except by the Collins line?
and but for its existence we should not receive, as
we now do, a part of the earnings of the Cunard
iine. So that, so far as that matter is concerned,
the calculation which the honorable Senator made
falls, and the Collins line is entitled to a credit of
wore than $373,000 on their letters. It is a mat-
ter of small moment, however.
The Government dispatches have been estimated
for one year at *>3,200; and now there have been
two years since this line was set in operation. I
feel confident that the estimate is about as correct
as' the estimate for the franking of documents—
that it is about one half of what it should be, for
it is a mere estimate. No account has been kept
of it, although' it was furnished from one of the
Departments, and is for one year; and the ships
have now been running two years. Then, the
closed'mails have amounted to the sum of
$90,151 58; newspaper postage to ^46,858 88;
leaving a balance against the United States Gov-
ernment of the enormous amount of $256,459!
which is the halance left from this ruinous ex-
penditure, in return for which we have four of the
finest ships that float on the ocean, and the repu-
tation of having surpassed the English in two
years upon then- favorite element. But there are
other considerations of high moment and import-
ance, to which I shall allude hereafter.
In 1850, the first year this line was in operation,
the postages amounted to $169,907. In 1851 it
amounted to $343,641; showing an increase in the
second year of their running, over the first, of
$183 ,734. Remember that this increase took place
in the face of the fiercest opposition that could pos-
sibly be waged against any enterprise, and in the
face of ruinous disadvantages. In the first.place,
the Collins line made but one trip to the Cunard
line's two; and does not everybody know that it
is a matter of importance to commercial men to
transmit their communications with celerity and
promptitude? Hence the delay took letters from
the Collins and gave them to the Cunard line.
But that was not all. Every effort was made to
break them down in every way. It was said that
their ships were unsafe. Every man knows that
Englishmen, from the highest to the lowest, will
stand to the last by their own country, and its in-
dustry and productions. I hope the time will soon
come when Amenea will stand as fast by theirs.
Every effort, then, was made to break down the
Collins line. Fi eight, which was =£8 per ton in
the Cunard line, came down, when they went into
operation, to =£4 per ton. More than that: I have
seen, by the advertisements, that when a Cunard
ship was to sail from Liverpool, and there was
no ship of the Collins line there, freight would run
up to <£7, and when one of the Collins line was
there it would run down to £i, and even lower.
In many instances freight was transferred from
Havre to Liverpool, free of^charge, for the pur-
pose of getting it in the Cunard line.
Collins and'hisassociates, then, have contended
against this opposition; and when they have ac-
complished vastly more than was promised by the
law when it was passed, they are fiercely encoun- |
tered in the Senate of the United States, with those
words so potent, " economy " and "monopoly."
Sir, I know but little of Mr. Collins; but I un-
derstand that this is not a monopoly with him;
that any gentleman can purchase stock m the en- |
terprise who chouses to do it; and that it has been 1
j a losing business with him. 1 understand further, ]
: from otlicial authority, that he has produced four i
; of the finest ships that float on the ocean. I know
; besides—and I know it from English testimony—
; that he has succeeded in distancing English ships
: upon the ocean, and in producing better vessels,
\ which have greater speed and more safety, which,
[ to my mmd, is a consideration of great lmport-
; ance. I know these to be facts; and for them, he [
S is charged with being a monopolist. He would be '
i very differently treated if he were an Englishman,
i and had accomplished such a victory over any
i other rival Power, as that which America, through
! his means, talent, and capital, has accomplished
! over the Power that nas claimed, for ages past, to
I be the mistress of the seas. There would have
ji been no man in England who would have charged
'i him that he lived in a particular section; that he
I had fine mirrors m his ships; that he was an aris-
|] tocrat; that he was a monopolist. There would
II have Ijeen no man m Parliament who would have
j! charged him with any of these things No, sir;
but there would have been men there to have
!j heaped honor and distinction upon him, for hav-
l ing, at an immense cost to himself, as I will show,
maintained the honor and reputation of his nation
against the rivalry of a strong company, supported
ij by a foreign Government.
l] But, say gentlemen, it is a monopoly. Well,
I' sir, if I were going into monopolies, this would
' be just such a one as I would like to keep out of.
All had a chance to go into it. All had a right to
come forward, and endeavor to obtain the con-
tract, and risk their capital in it. But it seems
'.that none availed themselves of it but Mr. Collins
and his associates. The ships of the Collins line
>: have made twenty-one voyages between New
,1 York and Liverpool, at an average expense of
f.65,215 44 a trip. The whole expense of run-
' i'ling the ships amounts to $1,309,528; and the
;; whole cost of the ships to §2,944,142. The entire
amount of money which has been expended is
$4,313,671. They have received per voyage
|, $48,2iSb; or m all, for passage-money, freight, and
, mail pay, §1,014,023 85; so that they are left up-
i wards of $2,000,000 minus in their operations,
j This is a sort of monopoly which it seems to me
they need not be very thankful to Congress for
i having conferred upon diem.
: It has been said that they have not complied
with their contract, and have not produced ships
I that will answer for war purposes. I desire, fiom
!; official documents, to prove the contrary. I read,
.j in the first place, from what Commodere Perry
II said in 1850, before the vessels commenced oper-
ll ation:
"The delay in the completion of the vessels that have
actually been commenced under the contract with E. K.
Collins and associates,, and A. G. Sloo, may be chiefly
ascribed to the over press of work at the steam engine man-
ufactories in the city ofNew York—tiie demand for steam
machinery having been greatly inci eased by circumstances
growing but of the accession of teiritory to the United
States; and probably the manufacturers, unaccustomed to
the construction of engines of such magnitude—some of
them almost unprecedented as marine engines (in extent of
power) in any part of the woild—may have miscalculated
the time that would be required to complete them. The
contractors used every means of hastening the completion
of the engines. Such as have been put in operation reflect
high credit on those who constructed them
" It will appear, from the reply to the first question, that
most of the vessels contracted for have been somewhat
larger than was probably contemplated by the contracts,
and, of course, aie proportionately more costly ; but they
have not been rendered thereby less effective for the tians-
poitation of'the mails, or for war puiposes. The cost of
the hulls of these vessels may be estimated as coming
within dfty-five to seventy dollars per ton, according to the
value of the materials and manner of construction. "—Com-
modores Perry and Cunningham, 12 June, 1850, p. 13.
Captain William Skiddy, January 21, 1849,
" Mr. E. K. Coilins's specification and agreement with
the Government call for much le^& than has been executed,
such a<5 non diagonal training only one way; whereas they
are double, crossing each other at right-angles, and well
bolted to timbers, and riveted together; also the filling
in amidships has been extended the whole length of the
ship, with many other additions.
'< The dimensions of these ships are : length of keel, 274
feet; on deck, 280 leet; extiemc beam, 45 feet; depth, 31
feet: between deck^, 8 feet; middle deck, 7 feet 9 inches;
oijop, 7teet; and the custom-house tonnage about 2,700,
They aie well built and thoroughly fastened. It is to be
lesretted that live oak could not be procured for their entire
frames, as they are mostly bolted with copper throughout.
"■ The engines constructing by Messrs. Stillman, Allen, &
Co., and J. P. Allaire & Co., are, for each fehip, two en-
gines ot 95 inches cylinder, with 9 feet stroke, equal to 800
horse nominal power.
u These ships have great buoyancy, flat, broad floors ex-
tending well fo/waid and aft, with &haip ends, and arc con-
sidered beautiful models.
u They have spacious deck-room, and could carry guns
of the laigest caiibie on the gun or middle deck. They aie
now preparing to launch.
The>e ships can all, incase of emergency, be converted
into fus>t war steameis. They would by law be received by
appiaisemeut on thnr original cost, and then efficiency as
to strength and inatenals.
" The necessary alterations included, would cost the Gov-
ernment much less—perhaps one half the amount lequired
to build or purchase for the occasion.
" In case of war, there would be no time to build; and
these aie the only ships of sufficient strength and size in the
United States that could be converted into war steamers,
unth two or three cxception<:.'', -
Commodore Perry, January 30, 1849, again
says:
The contract of Mr. E. K. Collins and associates is in
progress of completion. Two ships,, the 4 Atlantic' and
' Pacific," aie neaily oi quite ready for launching, and their
engines and boilers are sufficiently advanced for com-
mencing the work of putting them on board. Great pains
have been taken to make the engines of these vessels, as
well as tho e of the k Georgia' and k Ohio,5 worthy the high
reputation of the respective establishments at which they
are being constructed.
u As the contract with Mr. Collins does not refer to any
particular vessel as a guide for the model or inannei of con-
struction of Iih ship-., he has availed himself of the best
materials at command, and of his well-known judgment
and experience in ship building, in producing two very su-
perior !>ea-steamers. The deviations from the provisions of
his agreement are, in some lespects, that his vessels are,
according to the statement of Captain Skiddy, better fast-
ened than was contiacted for, and instead of engines of di-
rect action, he also has prelerred the side-lever engine.
These will be, of nominal power, about nine hundred
horses, but ot sufficient capacity to work conveniently at a
higher late.
"The several contracts provide that all these steamers
shall be so constructed as to be easily converted into war
vessels, should the Government exercise its right of taking
them into the public seiviee, under certain stipulations. So
far as respects tneir suitableness for convertibility, it may
be lemarked, that in view of the service winch they are
expected to perfoim to their present owners, in the tians-
poitatnm of the mails, with passengers andfreight,they will
be fitted with numerous cabins below and above deck.
These, or most of them, would be necessaiily removed'for
the iceeptiou of an aunament and the requisite crew of a
vessel ot war, and it would also be necessary to ariango
magazines, shell-rooms, shot-lockers, and other secuie
lock-up placcs in the hold, lor which there would be ample
spaee.
1,4 Steamers arc more easily armed than sail vessels, inas-
much as they have greater space on deck tor heavy pivot
guns, which are decidedly preferable for vessels ot tins de-
scuption, po^e^sintr, as they do, greater facilities of mo-
tion, and consequent choice of position. Very little time
would be required in arming and equipping them for war
service, as nothing more would be wanting than the re-
moval of their light deck and cabins and the arrangements
for the armament, munitions, and stores, with some neces-
saiy strengthening of the gun-deck.
(- On the whole, theitfore, i feel myself free to obeeive,
that as a first expeiiment, the three contracts above referred
to piomise to result to the United States, and to the con-
tractors, as favorably as could have been expected under
all the ciicumstances. The undertaking is one of vast
