318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
been of great service to me, and to this House.^ I
think it is now perfectly evident that this subject
must be investigated. I must be permitted to say
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that he has furnished me with evidence
sufficient to satisfy my mind that if he wilidischarge
his duty faithfully—as I have no doubt he will-
as chairman of the Committee of "Ways and
Means, he will investigate this subject. I hold
that it is not necessary that this investigation shall
come before the committee by a formal resolution.
No, sir, I concur fully with the view taken by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that if the
Committee of Ways and Means, having to provide
for the payment of this indemnity, shall be of the
opinion that there has been an abuse of power on
the part of the Executive of this Government, it is
their high and solemn duty to investigate the mat-
ter, and report the facts to this House and country.
Yes, sir, and X tell the head of this committee, that
unless they now investigate this subject—the mat-
ter having taken this direction—he will be held
responsible by his constituents and the country.
What is the view of this case as now presented?
A member upon this floor rises in his place and
tells the House and the country, that there have
been charges preferred against the Executive of
this Government, in regard to the payment of the
late indemnity. Here is another bill proposing to
pay a further indemnity; and in the payment of
which there may be saved a large amount of money
to this Government, and yet do justice to the op-
pressed sister Republic of Mexico. If these
charges, as preferred against the Executive of this
Government through the newspapers of the coun-
try, are to be relied upon, Mexico has been most
fraudulently and shamefully imposed upon. 1 say
if these charges preferred against the Executive of
this Government, in connection with the Roths-
childs, the Barings, and Messrs. Corcoran &
Riggs, are well-founded, there lias been palpable
injustice done to the oppressed Government and
people of Mexico.
i hope the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will not undertake to tell
the House and country, that he is bound in good
faith to carry out all the suggestions and recom-
mendations of the Executive, whether right or
wrong. 1 beg that gentleman to remember—and
there are gentlemen upon this floor who will re-
member—that in some of the campaigns recently
come off, it was charged upon the Democratic
party in the last House of Representatives, that
• if our appropriations were extravagant and enor-
mously high, they were made by a Democratic
Committee of Ways and Means. I beg that gen-
tleman to remember, that while the present House
is composed of a very large and overwhelm-
ing majority of the Democratic party, the last
House of Representatives could not be said to be
composed of a majority of either party. For cer-
tainly, it will be recollected by every gentleman
who is here present, neither party at the last Con-
gress had a practical majority; and notwithstand-
ing that fact, in some of the States of the Union,
the Democratic party were held responsible for
the enormously extravagant appropriations of the
last Congress, because of the fact that we had a
Democratic Committee of Ways and Means.
Now, I beg gentlemen upon this floor to remember,
that one of the gentlemen from Maryland, [Mr.
Bowie,] upon the other side of the hall, proposed
to retrench the expenses of our Government, and
he met a hearty response in his immediate neigh-
borhood and upon our side of the House. Now,
I desire that we shall meet that gentleman;
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Meansis placed m a position in which he may
be able to effect much in retrenching and reform-
ing the expenses of the Government.
But I come back to the original question, is this
subject worthy of investigation? Ought it to be
investigated ? Is it not due to the country—due
to the Government—due to Mr. Webster—due
to the Mexican authorities—due to all the parties
concerned, that there should be an investigation ?
I do not. mean to offer a resolution on the subject. I
had intended to do so. I had a resolution pre-
pared for the purpose of eliciting information upon
the subject, but I now take the ground—and from
that position i hope that the worthy chairman of
the Ways and Means will not attempt to escape
—that it is the duty of that committee, these
charges having been preferred not only in the
newspapers of the Country but by- the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,) from his place upon
this floor, to investigate the matter. I call upon
the committee to investigate it and see whether—
even if there has not been corruption—there has
not been, at least, a species of favoritism exer-
cised. If I were allowed here to draw upon my
very humble resources, and to speculate in refer-
ence to the late transactions for the payment of
this indemnity, I think I could satisfy the House
that if there has been no corruption, there has
been something very like favoritism, or that has,
at least, an awful squinting towards it.
I beg pardon of the committee for having occu-
pied so much of their time. I did not intend to
do so, as I stated when I rose. My object is ac-
complished by having called the attention of the
House and of the country to the fact, that there
was dissatisfaction in the last Congress and is now,
and that an investigation is demanded.
Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts, called for
the reading of the President's message and the ac-
companying communication in reference to the
subject before the committee.
'The Clerk read the communication, which is
as follows:
To the Senate and
House qf Representatives of the United States:
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secre-
tary of State, accompanied by a letter to him from
the contractors for paying the installment of Mex-
ican indemnity due on the 31st of May next, and
respectfully invite attention to the subject.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 19, 1852.
Department op State, January 19, 1852.
To the President of the United States :
I lay before the President another letter fiom the con-
tractor for the payment or' the remaining installment due to
Mexico undvir the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
This affair appears to have become urgent. The con-
tractors would seem to have hud a right to expect that the
proper appropuation would have been made by Congress in
such season as to have given them a reasonable time to have
made anangeincnts for the fulfillment of then undei taking.
For the last payment, which fell due on the Hist May last,
an appropriation was made on the 23th day of September,
1850, which gave time for the necessary arrangements. A
bill tor making an appropriation foi the installment now to
fall due in May next, parsed the IIou=>e of Representatives
on the 2Gtli day of February la&t, but failed to be considered
in the Senate, as it is understood, toi want of time.
The honor of the country requires that provision should
be made to meet this payment with punctuality; and it js
apparent that inconvenience and loss may probably ensue if
the appropriation be longer delayed.
Respectfully submitted : DANIEL WEBSTER.
Boston, January 14, 1852.
Sir: The undersigned had the honor to address to you
on the 26th ultimo, a letter urging the importance of the im-
mediate passage of the appropriation bill for the payment of
the installment of the indemnity due to Mexico on the 3J at
of May next.
In the remarks made in Congress when the bill was re-
ported, they were alluded to in such a maimer a= makes it
piopci that they thould &tate their position towauls the pay-
ment, in justice to themselves, and al&o that the passage of
the bill, any delay in which may occasion great loss to the
Govern meat, should not be impeded by useless disciusioo.
The undersi<(u'jd bad ceased to legard themselves as con-
tractor*, as the delay that had occurred was sueh as to
render it impossible foi them to go on and make the pay-
ment in the absence of such needful and timely appropri-
ation, as was contemplated by both paiues m making the
contract, and without winch its execution became imprac-
ticable ; awaiting, however, the action of Congress, and the
intentions of the Government, and prepared to aid in car-
tying them out when occasion lor their services should
offer. In this position, and knowing trom their own cxpe-
i riencc the importance of tunc to make the funds in Mexico,
ami the gieat loss to which the Government might be sub-
jected by prolonged delay, they addressed to you their letter
of 26th ultimo, that the matter might have the attention of
the Government.
To show clearly the eiFect of this delay, and to prevent
the possibility of any misconception as to then present posi-
tion, the undei.-igned beg to a.jk your attention to the fol-
lowing statement of the Jesuit ot the last payment made by
! them.
J To make the required funds, their asent proceeded to
I Mexico m October, and was occupied fiom that time until
j June following, in disposing of his exchange on England,
I Fiance, and the United States, and was liuaily obliged to
J borrow three bundled thousand dollais on hi> bills, to be
: negotiated afteiward, 111 order to complete the payment on
! the 31st of May. Thus it took nine months to"diaw the
j bills without depressing the market so as to make a loss,
i The result of this immense exchange operation with all
i its attendant risks, was a profit of about one per cent, on
j the amount, and the contractors made no other piolit except
I what lexulted from loaning a pomon of their own tunds
(not advanced by the United States) to the Government of
Mexico, and to merchants in Mexico, at the cunent rates
of mterevSt. Adding the interest received for their own
money, to the piofit on the exchange, as stated above, the
net result was a division of three and one third per cent,
among the three contacting houses. This comprises the
whole ot their pjofiu direct or indirect m connection with
the business. The United States Government made no
payment to the contractors, exeept in reimbursement of
payments made by them mMexico, fiom their own moneys,
and on presentation of duly-authenticated receipts at Wash-
ington. Noi weie any moneys received by the contractors
front the Government prior to the first of March, and the
last payment of about two millions of dollars was not made
to them until the 27th June last, so that m fact the average
of payments to them fell about 15th of May.
You will perceive that the accumulation of funds which
required last year nine months foi its completion, cannot
now be made in the short space of time that remains without
loss to the Government, and Congress ought to be fully
aware of the responsibility it assumes by increasing the
delay which may render compliance with the tieaty stipu-
lations a matter of gieat loss. These difficulties weie ur-
gently represented by the undersigned at the time the appro-
priation bill was pending al the last session.
It will be perceived from the foregoing, that the con-
tractors made all their payments m Mexico out of their own
funds, hiid were aftenvaids reimbursed m the United states,
at a date averaging the 15th ot May, and the last and laigest
payment by the United States to the contractors of two mil-
lions of dollars was not made until the 27th of June, nearly
one month after they had paid the full installment toMexico.
Any statements that have been made in regard to them
at variance with the above facts, or implicating them in any
way in the purchase of bonds for the purpose of speculating
on the payment, or any other indirect transaction whatevei,
are an entire fabrication. No consideration would have
induced them to depart from the full performance of every-
thing implied in the strict interpretation of their undertaki ng.
We have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your
obedient servants,
BARING, BROTHERS & Co.,
By T. W. Ward, Att'v.
HOWLAND & ASPrNWALL,
CORCORAN & RIGGS.
To the Hon. Daniel Webster, Secretay of State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the bill by adding thereto the following:
And that said sum be paid over to the proper authori-
ties of Mexico by the Secretary of the Tieasury of the
United States under the supervision of the President.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have not
arisen with a purpose to prolong this debate, by
indulging in either the attack upon or defence of
the Honorable Secretary of State, but, if it were
possible by my suggestions to do so, to secure its
termination at once by coming to a vote upon the
bill.
I respectfully submit to those who seem intent
upon an assault on the Secretary of State, that
this is not the proper time or occasion for the ex-
ecution of their determination. It is not the proper
place for criticism upon his conduct, even in the
particular transaction of the payment of the Mex-
ican indemnity. The House is not in possession
of facts to indicate the position of Mexico, in re-
gard to this affair of the indemnity.
At an early stage of the last Congress a bill
was presented, to appropriate for the payment of
$3,500,000—the'installment due in 1851, under the
treaty of Hidalgo—and it was then said that Gen-
eral Taylor's administration had signified a willing-
ness to meet that and the rest of the installments,
by accepting drafts of the Mexican Government,
drawn for the several installments, payable at the
city of New York. It was said, that the Herrera
administration, of which General Arista was a
member, desired to have the use of the money, in
advance of the day of payment, because the fear
was entertained that a revolution impended which
would, in all probability, break out at the period
of the presidential election in Mexico. It was
said that Mexico wanted to transfer her business
from the hands of British capitalists into the hands
of American capitalists, with the view of nurturing
credit and fostering friendship here, instead of in
London. I thought then, and yet think, that it
would be generous and magnanimous on our part
j to make these payments in such form and manner
; as would be most agreeable to Mexico: provided
j it is safe and just to our own country. The treaty
; stipulates the payment of each installment "m the
i city of MexicoHas Mexico signified to this
! Government, through the usual and accredited
I channel, any desire for the change in the place of
! payment ? Has Mexico, as a government, through
j her departments which have the power to modify
| the terms of treaties and to change her laws, even
! yet signified to this Government a proposition to
j make the change suggested? Have the drafts al-
j luded to been presented, or has any form of
! acquittance of this Government under the treaty
| been submitted for the consideration of the Exeeu-
j tive of this Republic? It will not be enough that
I the President and Cabinet of Mexico have desired
' the acceptance of drafts for the amount of the in-
i stallment. They have no power to bind their
i country to the modification, or to release us from
I our obligations under the treaty. But, Mr.
