1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
should effect, not by war, not by interference with
foreign nations, but by extending a commerce
which shall be profitable to our own citizens, and
furnish them with employment, and by using
steam, which is your own invention, do more
towards enlightening and christianizing: the world,
if we are true to ourselves, in the administration
of the powerful resources which Providence has
thrown into our hands, than the boldest states-
man would dare now to prophesy. Under, these
circumstances, it seems to me that we cannot aban-
don this system. I must hear some better reason
than I have yet heard, to induce me to do so. 1
feel certain that it will remunerate the Treasury,
if you will give it a fair opportunity. While the
British Government is paying the Cunard line
$696,000 a year—and I am informed that that
amount has lately been increased nearly $500,000
more; and while it is paying $1,200,000 more to
lines to visit the waters in our immediate neigh-
borhood, within $200,000 of all that you pay for
ocean mail steamer service, has the Senate of the
United States become so economical, so fearful of
increasing monopoly, that it will refuse to make
an appropriation of less than one fourth of that
amount, without which these noble ships must be
drawn off their station, and the supremacy of the
seas acknowledged still to rest in England?
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if no one
wishes to say more on the same side of the ques-
tion on which the Senator from Texas has spoken,
I should like to close the debate. My views have
been a good deal assailed, and I feel bound, in
justice to myself, to say something in reply to the
various gentlemen who have spoken on the ques-
tion. If, however, there be any gentleman who
desires to speak in favor of the amendment, I shall
decline speaking now? and wait until he has done.
I would prefer to say what I have to say now; I
would like to close debate immediately, as I seem
to be almost alone in opposition to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Virginia that
my colleague [Mr. James] was desirous of deliver-
ing his views upon the subject, and obtained the
floor for that purpose during the last week, but
was called away. He will probably be here by to-
morrow. The day is now pretty well speflt; I
think there is hardly time enough for the honor-
able Senator from Virginia to close his remarks
to-day; 1 think that it would therefore be proper
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until to-morrow, and we could meet the views
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Atchison,] by going into Executive session for
the remainder of the day. If my colleague does
not return by to-morrow morning to deliver his
views to the Senate, the Senator from Virginia can
take the floor and proceed with his remarks.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I do not under-
stand exactly the position which my friend from
Virginia occupies on this subject. He says he
would be glad to close the debate. Now, if he
had reported this amendment from the Committee
on Finance, and had supported it, I could under-
stand him." But this is an amendment reported
from a committee of which he is a member, and
he opposes that amendment. Yet he says he
wishes to close the debate upon it, after those who
are in favor of it shall have said what they wish
to say. I had supposed that the parliamentary
usage- or courtesy referred to v would enable the
member of a committee who reported an amend-
ment ora bill, to close the debate upon that amend-
ment or bill, and in support of it. I do not exactly
understand how it is that the Senator from Vir-
ginia, being opposed to the amendment, claims
theprivile^e of closing debate upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, I claim no right or
privilege upon the subject. Almost all of the |
speaking on the amendment has been on one side i
of the question. I am very willing to go on now, j
if it is desired by the Senate. }
Several Senators suggested that it would be j
desirable to have an Executive session. j
Mr. HUNTER. As it is evidently the desire j
of the Senate to have an Executive session, I move !
to postpone the further consideration of the bill ;
until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. |
Monday, J\Iay 3, 1852. j
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer I
by the Rev. C. M. Butler. j
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved, i
LIEUTENANT CHARLES G. HUNTER.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order (
is the 'motion submitted by the gentleman from i
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] last Monday, to suspend
the rules for the purpose of taking up the Senate !
bill for the relief of Charles G. Hunter.
Mr. STCJART. I wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to allow me to submit a mo-
tion that the House proceed to take up and dis-
pose of a]I the business on the Speaker's table,
it certainly ought to be done. The business of
the country is suffering from neglect.
Mr. POLK. I would like very much to accom-
modate the gentleman from Michigan, but really
this bill is one which requires immediate action.
The object of the bill is to do justice to a gallant
naval officer.
A Member. It is not in order to discuss it
now.
Mr. POLK. I know it is not in order to discuss I
it now; but 1 hope the House will take up the bill
now and dispose of it. It is a meritorious bill.
There is nothing complicated about it. It can be
understood merely from its reading. It was re-
ported unanimously by the committee in the Sen-
ate, to which it was referred, and passed the Sen-
ate unanimously. It is for the relief of as gallant
a man as there is in the world.
- The question was then put; and two thirds
voting in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The'bill was then taken up, and read a first and
second time by its title.
The bill, which was then read through by the
Clerk, authorizes the accounting officers to allow
the said Hunt/rvin adjusting his accounts, the
sum of £i7,949 88, being the amount of losses sus-
tained by him while commander and acting purser
of the Scourge and schooner Taney.
The question now being," Shall the bill pass?"—
Mr. POLK demanded the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Has the bill ever
been referred to a committee in the House?
The SPEAKER, it is a Senate bill, and it has
not been referred.
Mr. STANTON. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims. I want the bill to be
examined by a committee before I vote for it.
[Cries of 14 No !" " No !"]
Mr. CARTTER. It is a Senate bill, and has
been thorougnly investigated there.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw the motion
to refer.
Mr. DANIEL. Is there a report from the
committee in the Senate? If there is, I ask that
it be read.
The SPEAKER. There was no report accom- !
panying the bill sent here from the Senate. The j
Chair is not informed whether there was a report j
made to that body or not.
Mr. POLK, 'the matter was thoroughly in-!
vestigated in the Senate, and there was no differ- \
ence of opinion in relation to the merit of the j
claim. ^ '
Mr. DANIEL. I should not like to vote on it j
in the dark. j
Mr. FOWLER. 1 should like, before I vote :
for this claim, to know something with regard to j
it. I hope the gentleman [Mr. P'olk] who brings j
the bill forward, will make a statement of the case, j
so that we may know upon what it is we are ;
cabled on to vote. . !
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that j
debate is not in order during the pendency of the !
demand for the previous question. |
Mr. FOWLER. I am aware that it is not; j
1 -but I ask the gentleman to withdraw the demand j
for the previous question until he has made his
| statement in relation to it.
i Mr. POLK. When the previous question is
! adopted I will explain it.
Mr. FOWLER. I want to know what the
| merits of the case are, before I vote upon it.
I Mr. DANIEL. It is said now to be all fair,
nays
but when we come to investigate it, we may find
a different state of affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interpose,
and remind gentlemen that this subject is not de-
batable during the pendency of the previous ques-
tion. - . r
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, sixty-one rose in- the affirmative. * -
Mr. CARTTER. I ask for tellers.,
Mr. DANIEL. I rise to ^ question of order,
I ask if this bill does not make an appropriation,
and whether, under the rule, it must not go to-the
.ommiuee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it does not make an appropriation.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Cart-
ter and Fowler were appointed, and a count
being had, the tellers reported—ayes 78, noes 42.
So the previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to, and received its
third reading.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. POLK. I call for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question being on the passage of the bill
was ordered to be put.
Mr. EVANS. I demand the yeas and
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. I now ask the consent of the
House, that the gentleman who introduced this
bill may make an explanation of it.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to or-
der. The question is not debatable.
Mr. STANLY. Is there any report from a
committee ?
Mr. CARTTER. It is recommended by the
unanimous vote of the Senate.
Mr. STANLY. It is a proverb, " The Senate
passes anything." I should be glad to hear
something about this case. Let us know what
it is.
The SPEAKER. ' The main question having
been ordered to be put, discussion is not in order.
Whether there was a report in the Senate upon
this subject, the Chair is not informed. .The
Clerk will again read the bill.
The bill was accordingly read by the Clerk.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to call the attention of
the Speaker to the bill, to see if it does not include
an appropriation, which makes it necessary that
it should go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. It evidently takes from
the Treasury $7,000.
Mr. POLK. It does not take a dollar from the
Treasury.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does not
contain an appropriation.'
Mr. POLK. If the House will allow me 
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] rises to a question of order,
and the Chair beans leave to respond to that ques-
tion of order. The Chair would inform the gen-
tleman from Maryland that it has been uniformly
held that a bill, for instance, fixing the salary of
officers, does not involve an appropriation within
the meaning of the rule which would require it to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The Chair thinks this bill is of the
same nature, and need not, under the rules and
practice of this body, go to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed. That will present the
opportunity for gentlemen to tell us something
about this bill.
Mr. HART. Is it in order to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the question is not
debatable.
Mr. HART. Then I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. My
point of order is, that after the House has ordered
the main question to be put upon the passage of
the bill, we are under the operation of the previ-
ous question, and the motion to reconsider cannot
be debated.
j The SPEAKER. That has been the decision
| of the present Speaker of the House upon several
' occasions.
1 Mr. COBB. Is that the Speaker's decision
I now?
