1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Speaker, it will be perceived that I speak of the
reports which we heard last year, of what had been
the respective wishes and concessions of the Mex-
ican and American Administrations. Neither of
the then existing Administrations now hold power.
"What is now—to-day—the attitude of the Mexi-
can Government in regard to the payment of the
installment falling due in 1852?
I understand that the charge against Mr? Web-
ster is, that, immediately upon his accession to
the office of Secretary of State—disregarding the
committals of the former Secretary, and without
the slightest respect to the wishes of a neighbor-
ing power, and with a most ungraceful haste, he
transferred the business of making these pay-
ments, under the treaty, to certain capitalists—
Bntish bankers, if you choose—thus evincing his
utter disregard of true national policy, and his
overweening desire to promote the private inter-
ests of himself and his friends. But, sir, this
charge, whether true or false, can throw no light
upon the question as to the present views of Mex-
ico in regard to the installment now becoming due.
We cannot learn, by discussing Mr. Webster's
conduct in making the arrangement complained
of, whether Mexico now wishes the §3,700,000,
due in May, to be paid in New York or in Mex-
ico, and whether Mexico is now making, in form,
any application to this Government upon the sub-
ject. The money is to be paid in May: the treaty
stipulates that it is to be paid in the city of Mex-
ico. The money cannot be obtained until Con-
gress passes this bill. It will require time to make
the arrangements for exchange, so as to place so
large a sum m the city of Mexico without de-
ranging business. We cannot possibly acquire
any material assistance in the discharge of our
plain duty in the premises, by spending hours
and days in discussing whether the Secretary of
State acted properly in arranging as he did for the
payment of the last installment.
I understand that the arrangement or contract
which he entered into (subject of course to ratifi-
cation by Congress) covered all the installments to
become due after the date of said arrangement.
I understood this from the debate of last year.
Whether rightfully or wrongfully acting, the Sec-
retary took the responsibility of making the ar-
rangement in advance of the passage of the law,
and under that contract the installment of JS51
was paid. Now, after our Government had, pro-
tanto, determined upon our line of conduct, am I to
understand that Mexico yet wants the remaining
installment to he paid in the city of New York
upon our acceptance? Is anyone here ready to
say that this is the attitude of Mexico now before
the Government of the United States? The anti-
cipated revolution in Mexico did not occur. Aris-
ta went into power without any trouble. Time
has so nearly brought to maturity the installment
due in May, 1852, that it would seem impossible
for Mexico to derive any advantage from the pe-
culiar manner of making the payment or the place
where made. After the expression of our deter-
mination to pay at Mexico, according to the treaty,
I imagine that Mexico has scarely continued to ap-
ply for our acceptance at New York even conceding
that she ever did so apply formally. In making
the arrangement for the payment, in advance
of the passage of the law, the Secretary of State
may have committed an unpardonable error, or he
may stand justified by a plea of necessity from
want of time. This is not the proper time or oc-
casion to investigate the propriety of his conduct.
@ur duty is simple and plain. The treaty stip-
ulates the payment of $3,700,000 in May next.
The Executive calls our attention to this matter, ^
and our Committee of Ways and Means brings ;
in a bill appropriating the money. This done, the [
rest will remain with the Executive Department.
Jt is understood that the arrangement under which
the last installment was paid also covers the pay-
ment of this installment—that the Secretary of
State made, but the single arrangement and that
extended to the whole of the payments to be
made under the treaty. Shall we undertake to
alter the manner in which this contract, already
partially executed, is to be carried _out, or shall we
permit the Executive to pay according to the treaty,
we affording the means, and then hold the Exec-
utive to a idst responsibility before the country for
the fidelity and skill with which the duty shall have
been discharged ? It seems to me that all this de-
bate about the wishes of Mexico, and about the
conduct of Mr. Webster, is out of place. The
question was substantially decided in 1850. The
whole subject-matter is foregone.
But there will be a time when gentlemen who
desire to discuss the conduct of Mr. Webster will
have an opportunity. A memorial has been le-
ferred to a committee of this House—the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary—upon the consideration
of which the propriety of the conduct of thatgen-
tleman in this matter, and in regard to other affairs
of a public nature, interesting and important, will
necessarily pass in review before the House and
the country. The information can by that time
be procured in full, to enable the House to pro-
nounce its judgment upon the conduct of that
public functionary, when his friends will have the
opportunity to meet the issue fairly with his foes.
At present, gentlemen are premature in their
assaults on the Secretary of State; and on a
proper consideration of the question presented by
this bill, I hope it will appear that we are use-
lessly consuming precious time in an extra discus-
sion* all of which will be hereafter repeated. I
advise gentlemen to save their ammunition for the
proper occasion. It is confessed that the informa-
tion is not before us upon which these assaults
are to be justified. 'There is no geutleman upon
this floor who can say that Mexico is now an ap-
plicant before this Government for any favor, or
for any change as to the time and place of paying
the money to which this bill relates. No one here
can say that Mexico will now permit us to pay the
remaining installments elsewhere than is stipulated
by the treaty. No one here will rise in his place
and indorse any charge against the Secretary of
State, impugning the propriety of his conduct in
regard to this transaction. This business de-
mands our action—our instant action. It does
seem to me, under these circumstances, that we
had best proceed to pass the bill making the ap-
propriation, so as to have the money paid under
the treaty and according to the treaty. If it shall
hereafter appear that the arrangements for the
payments have secured a loss to us, or have ef-
fected any imposition upon a weak neighbor, let
the Executive take the responsibility, and we may
in the discharge of our proper functions pronounce
our judgment, condemning the course of the Ex-
ecutive or lending to it our expression of appro-
bation.
One additional remark as to the amendment of-
fered, or indicated by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson,] and I shall have done. A
similar amendment was offered to the bill of 1850,
providing for the payment of the installment due
in 1851. I voted for it then, because 1 preferred
that the Secretary of the Treasury should pay out
the public money, and did not clearly perceive
why the payment should be intrusted to the Sec-
retary of State. The House decided then, that
the Executive should not be controlled in the dis-
tribution of these duties to his heads of depart-
ments, but might, upon his own responsibility,
confide the payment to the Secretary of State, or
the Secretary of the Treasury. It was then known
that the Secretary of State would negotiate the ar-
rangement for the payment. If we now reverse
the determination of the Thirty-first Congress, by
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to make
future payments, and so discharge the Secretary
of State therefrom, we shall by that act stain the
reputation of Mr. Webster as a public officer, and
as a man. I shall not, by any act of mine, so
directly inflict an injury upon the reputation of j
any man, and surely I shall not under the cir-
cumstances here presented, and after what has
transpired in connection with the conduct of Mr.
Webster touching these installments. I thought
we had best commcncc, where the gentleman's
amendment proposes we shall now go. I voted
accordingly, but with no bias upon my mind, and
no desire by that vote to reflect upon anyone.
Were the circumstances the same, 1 should so
vote again. But the circumstances, -as I have
shown, are radically different. When the Secre-
tary of State was assailed here, in the last session,
this question was much in the state in which it is
now presented, and it will be remembered that the
House, by a very decisive vote^ refused to trans-
fer the duty of making the payment to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or to order the substitute
which contemplated the acceptance of the drafts.
These circumstances render it still more difficult
now to interfere with the Executive in determin-
ing the functionary who shall make these pay-
ments. ' -
Therefore, in the absence of any knowledge of
the exact desire now entertained by the Mexican
Government in regard to the place and manner
of our meeting the remaining installments, and un-
willing ever to censure any man unless I am cer-
tain that my duty compels it, I am willing to vote
for the passage of this bill. If it shall be found
hereafter that loss has occurred, or that wrong has
been done, or frauds have paved the way for spec-
ulation through the instrumentality of these pub-
lic transactions, I shall be ready, without the
slightest regard to party ties or political affilia-
tions, to mark my condemnation in the most pub-
lic manner upon the guilty.
Mr. DUNHAM. I concur most fully in the
opinion expressed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that this questions is presented to us pre-
maturely. In the first place, even if there has been
wrong done, there is no pretension that the money
which has heretofore been appropriated for the
purpose of complying with the terms of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, has been diverted from
that purpose; nor is there any apprehension that
this appropriation will be diverted from the pur-
pose for which we intend it. Itcarinot be doubted
that there is a necessity that thfs money shall be
speedily appropriated, hi order that the terms of
the treaty may be complied with, without loss or
expense to the Government. The true course is,
to pass this bill and let the money be applied, and
then if gentlemen think that there has been corrupt
and improper conduct on the part of the Secretary
of State, let them come forward and institute an
investigation; but we ought not, for the purpose of
investigating a supposed charge against a high
officer of the Government, to stay the necessary
proceedings to carry out this important treaty.
Now there is no apprehension that loss can occur
to the Government by making this payment
through the Secretary of State, and afterwards in-
vestigating his conduct, if necessary; while there
is great danger that if we delay the appropriation
for the purpose of making beforehand such an in-
vestigation into his conduct, loss will occur to the
Government.
Now, one word in reference to the .amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, to take the con-
trol of this payment from the Secretary of State
and give it to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Aside from the suggestion made by the gentleman
from Kentucky, that it would be an implied cen-
sure on the Secretary of State, before an investiga-
tion, I ask what officer of the Government ought *
to carry out this treaty ? Does it belong to the
Secretary of State, or to the Secretary of the
Treasury? The payment of this money is to com-
ply with the terms of a treaty. Has the Secretary
of the Treasury anything to do* with the negotia-
tion, or in the execution of a treaty? No, sir;
this properly devolves upon the Secretaryof State.
Why'will you, then, without any previous inves-
tigation, take this duty from the officer upon whom
it property devolves, the officer who has charge of
our foreign relations, and give it to another officer,
who has not usually had, and never ought to have,
any control over such matters ? It belongs to the
Secretary of State, as the organ of this Government
in its intercourse with foreign nations, and not to
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
The gentleman says that the Secretary of the
Treasury has never had charge of matters of
this sort. I desire to ask that gentleman whethera
former Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Walker—
did not provide for the payment of one of these
installments'1
Mr. DUNHAM, (resuming.) I do not know
but it may have been as the gentleman suggests.
But what I wish to say is, that it is a duty that
pioperly belongs to the Secretary of State; and no
matter what has been the course taken heretofore,
if it is a duty which devolves properly upon that
officer, it should be discharged by him. The
duties of the Government are divided. They are
executive and legislative. Now, all that this
House is called upon to do in relation to this mat-
ter is, m the proper discharge of their functions
as the legislative branch of the Government, to
appropriate the money necessary to enable the
Executive to discharge his duty in executing the
law, that is, in complying with the treaty, for
there is practically no difference in these terms.
