1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095
The second clause of the sixth section of the Con-
stitution is as follows;
(i No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he \va* elected,be appointed to anv civil office un-
der the authority of the United Slates, winch shall have
been created, or the emoluments wheieot sii.ill have been
increased during such time; and no person holding any of-
fice under the (Jmted States, shall be a member of either
House during his continuance in office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is not for the Chair to determine whether a law
is constitutional or not; it is for the Judiciary, or
for the Executive, or for each member when he is
called upon to vote. The Chair, therefore, rules
the amendment in order.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
Mr. HEBARD. 1 wish to submit an amend-
ment to a clause which has been passed, to come
in after line six hundred and fifty-five.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment cannot
be received except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. HEBARD. I am sure no gentleman would
object, if he knew the object for which theamend-
ment is intended, and the circumstances under
which it is offered.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the objection with-
drawn ?
Mr. HAMILTON. No, sir, it is not.
Mr. HEBARD. May ! he permitted to state
the nature of the amendment which I desire to
offer?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order,
and could only be allowed by unanimous con-
sent.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virgina. I am instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
To Colin M. Ingeisoll, late Secretary of Legation, at
Russia, the -sum ot <§1,041 67, the same being tor Ins services
us acting Oharg* d'Afi'aiic.s irom the 15th of August, 1848,
to the 15th of January, 1849.
[ desire to say, in respect to this amendment,
that it is pretty much the voluntary action of the
committee, ana that it is in accordance with the
universal practice of the Government. I know
nearly a hundred cases of the sort. Where a
Secretary of Legation has discharged the duties of
Charge a'Affaires, it has been the invariable cus-
tom, I believe, to give him, in the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, the salary of the office
the duties of which he has actually discharged.
That is Mr. Ingersoll'scase; and, with the excep-
tion of one vote, there was no difference of opinion
in the Committee on Foreign Affairs in regard to
this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the gentleman
from Virginia to change the phraseology of this
amendment in some way. We have thus far in
this appropriation bill, kept out any appropriation
to individuals for private claims. If the gentle-
man will so modify the amendment as to read:
For compensation of the acting Charge d'Af-
faires at Russia from the 15th of August, 1848,
to the 15th of January, 1849," &c., I have no
objection to it.
Mr. BAYLY. I accept that modification.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, under instructions
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, offered the
following- amendment:
To compensate Dabuey S. Carr, for expense* incurred
while in the diplomatic service of the country, to be allowed
in the settlement ol' las accounts with the Government,
$7,144.
Mr. B. said: Mr. Chairman, in the settlement
of the accounts of Mr. Carr at the State Depart-
ment, he was disallowed some items to which the
Committee on Foreign Affairs thought he was
equitably entitled.
In the first place, it seems by the records in this
case, that it is regarded as a matter of diplomatic
etiquette at the court of the Sublime Porte, that
presents should be given to his dragoman. He
gave a watch, for which he paid $150. Such a
present is a usual and customary one; indeed, it
is an incidental expense to his mission. It was,
however, disallowed at the State Department. But
the most important item is this: Mr. Carr, on his
arrival there, found a second dragoman in the
regular employment of the Legation, under the
instructions of the Secretary of State. It was a
Mr. Porter—I believe a son of Commodore Por-
ter. He had been employed, under the instruc-
tions of the Secretary of State, at the rate of $92
per month. Mr. Carr continued to pay him as
such, taking it for granted that he ought not to
change the statutes m the case. Well, sir, when
he came to settle his accounts the whole of the
item was disallowed him by the proper depart-
ment, amounting to $4,600.
Besides that, there were great irregularities in
the conduct of our consul at Syria, and he was
instructed to go there and investigate the matter.
While on that mission he incurred, as his vouchers
show, an actual expense of $1,128. His expenses
| at the same time were going on at Constantinople.
; All this was an extra duty, and there is no ap-
' propriation to cover the expenditure; hence the
item was disallowed. By a law of Congress, which
i made no appropriation, the Minister at Turkey
( was allowed an extra salary of $1,000 for judicial
services, defined by the act of the 11th of August,
1843. But there being no appropriation that item
was also disallowed. In the adjustment, for these
causes, they brought Mr. Carr in debt upon his
settlement, to the amount of $3,883, and that bal-
ance stands against him upon the books of the Treas-
ury to this day. This-wasmconsequenceof these
disallowances; and the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs recommend that he be alio wed these four Items:
$150 for a watch and snuff-box; the money that he
paid to the second dragoman whom he found there
in the employment of the legation, under the in-
structions of the Secretary of State—and if there
was any violation of law in it, it was the Secre-
tary's violation and not his; his expenses to Syria
to investigate the conduct of our consul there; and
the additional salary for judicial services. If gen-
tlemen will examine this amendment, they will
find that it is guarded properly. It provides that
the sum shall be paid in settlement of his accounts.
There is a balance against him of $3,882; so that
but little money will have to be paid out of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall be compelled to pre-
sent to the Chair a point of order connected with
this amendment. This is evidently, in all aspects,
a private claim, and cannot be otherwise. I should
have presented the same point with reference to
other amendments. It is important, as it seems to
me, that the general appropriation bills should be
kept free from such amendments as pertain to pri-
vate legislation. I regard this as much a private
claim as if one of the workmen in the employ-
ment of the Government should fail to receive a
part of his salary. All private claims rest upon
the same foundation.
The CHAIRMAN. Although this appropria-
tion may appear in the nature of a private claim,
yet the Chair is not prepared to say that it is not
an expenditureof money authorized under existing
laws; and if there are existing laws authorizing
this expenditure, this may be one of the methods
to which he may resort to obtain an appropriation
for that purpose. The Chair is, however, some-
what in doubt upon this point.
Mr. GENTRY. It seems to me that this is
eminently a public claim, and by no means a pri-
vate one. It is a claim arising out of our diplo-
matic relations with foreign nations. It is emi-
nently a public claim, and there is no better place
to provide for it than in a general appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out of or-
der.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to a fact stated by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] himself. He states that
the iaw does not allow for the settlement of this
account. I think the gentleman's statement itself
shows that the amount is not in order to a general
j appropriation bill.
i Mr. BAYLY. I beg my friend's pardon.
There is a large item in the amount for which
there is an express law; but the difficulty is that
there is no appropriation to execute it. Another
item is incidental to our diplomatic intercourse,
and we have the same right to put it m the civil
and diplomatic bill as we have an item of custom-
house expense.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is in doubt in
relation to this matter; but will entertain the
amendment, believing that at least a portion of the
items in it are authorized by existing laws.
The question was then put upon the adoption
of the amendment, and upon a division, 30 rose
in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered: and Messis. Landry, and Stanton of
Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 56.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HEBARD submitted the following amend-
ment:
For «?nlary nf the Minister Resident at Turkey, in addi-
tion to the salary already allowed, 3jUG0.
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, I think there can
be no objection to the amendment if it is under-
stood; and I think there will be no difficulty in
understanding it.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have passed the section
of the bill making appropriation for the salary of
the Minister at Turkey. We cannot now recur to
it for the purpose of amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Hebard] to indulge me a single mo-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the amendment,
unless the Chair rules it to be in order. We have
passed the section of the bill to which it refers,
and I object to returning to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks an ad-
ditional sum may be appropriated.
Mr. BAYLY. I now ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me for a moment. I find'
that in the amendment which has just been adopt-
ed upon my motion, there is one item to which
there is great objection—that for the purchase of
the watch and snuff-box. I think the item is a
perfectly proper one; but as gentlemen around me
seem to regard it as rather irregular, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to strike that
item out of the amendment to reduce it $150.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the reduction can-
not be made.
Mr. HEBARD. I have submitted an amend-
ment to which I think there can be no objection
upon the part of a single member of the House.
1 should have offered this as an amendment to the
clause to which it properly pertains when that
clause was under consideration, if I had not seen
a disinclination to adopt amendments to this bill
generally; but when the committee came to adopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] in relation to the Minister to China,
increasing his compensation virtually from $6,000
to $18,000, I think there can be no objection to
ncreasmg the salary of our Minister at Turkey
from $6,000 to §9,000. He is a person who has
been selected for his known and eminent literary
and political qualifications. He has discharged
his duties there with credit to himself, and a vast
deal of importance to the country.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask whether the gentle-
man from Vermont is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks he is
proceeding in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. Does the Chair entertain
his amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does entertain
his proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit to the Chair that
we have passed the only clause of the bill to which
that can be offered as an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it will be in order to offer at the end of the bill
amendments providing for the increase of salary
of every officer of the Government, if any gentle-
man shall think proper to do so.
Mr. HEBARD. I am much surprised the
chairman of Ways and Means should raise an
objection to this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. CLARK. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is too late to appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Alabama could not have exactly
understood his ruling upon this amendment. He
will allow the appeal to be made.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Hebard]
submitted an amendment making an appropriation
for the salary of the Minister Resident at Turkey,
in addition to the salary already allowed, $3,000.
Mr. LETCHER I wish to inquire if the
Chair did not decide the day before yesterday,
when the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
