THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Goucress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 7, 1852.
New Series.....No. 139.
which decision the committee have sustained on
an appeal taken therefrom. The question is dead
by the action of the committee, and the appeal of
my colleague [Mr. Bayly] is another appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Two questions of order
cannot be pending; at the same time. The re-
mainder of the 81st rule is as follows:
" Unless m continuation of appropriations for such pub-
lic work* and object-, a> are already in progre&s, and 1'or
contingencies lor carrying on the several Departments of
the Government."
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chau* stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"—and it was agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY". [ am not sure whether it is
in order or not, but i offer the following amend-
ment:
Aiul he it further enacted, That ai! clerks, messengers,
and lahoiers, employed m the legislative and executive
department* of the Government 111 the city of Washington,
whose compensation is less than $2,000 par annum, shall,
in addition thereto, he allowed the following annua! in-
crease o! coiiipt'ti-anori, commencing fiom the fiist day of
the la.-i f;-cal year, viz. All vviio^e annual compensation
does not exceed >-1,200, twenty percent.; all whose an-
nual compensation exceeds £'1,200, and does not exceed
$1,600, an Addition or ritteen per cent.; and all whoso an-
nual compensation exceed-; .$'1,600, and does not exceed
§#,0t 0, an addition of ten per cent —the amount of the in-
creased compensation provided form tin* section to be paid
outof any money in the Treasury not oiheiwise appropri-
ated.
The CHAIRMAN. This will come in as an
additional section, and the Chair would suggest to
the gentleman, that it would be more appropri-
ately submitted after we get through with the first
section of the hill.
Mr. GENTRY. I will comply with the sug-
gestion of the Chair. I wish merely the attention
of the committee directed to the amendment. I
withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to strike from the bill
the following:
Provide/1, That tho proviso to the item of appropriation
for alike purpose, contained in the act ot March 3d, 1851,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic < xpenM;  of Government for the yeai ending
June 30th, 1?52, and for othei pui poses," 1,1 die following
word.-5, viz: "That no land bounty for military seivices
granted by the act of 23th of September. 1850, entitled 'An
net gianttng bounty hind to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military scivice of the Uni-
ted States,' or by virtue of any other act of Congicss heie-
tofoie parsed, gianting land bounties tor mihtaiy services,
shall be sati-fied our of any public land riot heretofore
brought into market, and now subject to entry at private
saie> under exis.tnigIawV be ar*d the same is hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. AVEHETT. Do 1 understand the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means as
moving to strike out the provision of this bill
which repeals the proviso to the civil and diplo-
matic bill of the last session in regard to land
warrants ?
Mr. HOUSTON. 3 propose to strike it out,
for the reason that the proviso in the bill of the
last was repealed by the bounty land act of this
session, and there is, therefore, no necessity for
this provision.
The question was put, and the motion to strike
out was apreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line seven
hundred and fifty-three:
For the oayment of the b tlance due for surveying done
in the State ot Miasi&aippi in the yeai IBII, §701 42.
Mr. Chairman, the surveyor general of Missis-
sippi in 1841 employed some deputies to execute
the balance of the surveying in that State. The
fund was exhausted without their being compen-
sated. From that day to this, they have peti-
tioned the Department for payment. In March
last I sent the papers in this case to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. They were intrusted to
the inspection of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hibsard,] a member of the commit-
tee. lie is now, unfortunately, absent from the
Hall, confined to his room by indisposition. If
he had been here, he would have offered this
amendment, and made the explanation I make.
These parties executed the work, and I have the
132
following official letter, to which I invite the at-
tention of the committee:
General Land Office, March 13, 1852.
Sir: 1 have the honor to return lieiewith the petition of
J. Monet and Etihu Carver, left by you at tins office for
examination on the 4th instant, together with Mr. Monet's
letter of the 2dth ultimo.
The petitioners claim that the Government owes thotn
a balance of $;987 64, for surveying in Mississippi in 1841,
which the surveyor general icfused to pa\, and which
they now avk from Oongie^s, the office of the survey<n
general of Mississippi having been closed under the opera-
tion ol the act ot 12th of June, 1840. The grounds on which
payment was refused are fully set forth in the accompany-
ing statement, to which your attention is respectfully in-
vited. These grounds are riot deemed sufficient by tins
office, after a caieful examination of all the facts at hand.
In 1848, the surveyor general approved and certified the
plats of the surveys foi which iliey claim pavment, and
those plats are now of official recoid foi the government of
the action of this oliice and that ot the local office in Mis-
sissippi, in the sale of' the lauds sin veyed by them.
The real balance due to Carver and Monet is deemed,
however, to be less than the amount claimed, by #286 2'i,
! for reasons set forth in the accompanying statement, the
amount regarded as due being $701 42, but winch can, un-
der evicting circumstances, only be paid through legislative
inteifercnee, there being no appropriation applicable to the
service.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
J. lilTTTtillfr'HOLl), Commissioner.
Hon. A. G. Brown. IJ^use of Rcj  acntutivcs.
I suppose, sir, with this explanation there can
be no difficulty about the amendment.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] for the simple reason
that it is not our policy to pay what we owe at all.
[Laughter.] It is not the policy of this Government
to pay such small debts of this character, because
we know that these poordevils of surveyors cannot
get the money. Under the circumstances 1 unite
! with the Ways and Means and say, that we ean-
1 not be compelled to pay it. [Laughter.] I am
! against the amendment.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I will state a fact in this
! connection. The Committee of Ways and Means
! did not act upon this case,
i Mr. JOHNSON. I have not said it did.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I \mh to submit a fact, with
i the permission of the gentleman, as his time has
\ not expired.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I yield the floor,
i Mr. HOUSTON. These estimates were re-
! ferred to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
I [Mr. Hibbard,] a member of the Committee of
• Ways and Means, but were not returned to the
committee at all. His health became bad. As I
understand the facts of the case, the surveys were
originally declared to be defective L>y the Land
Office, and that it resisted payment for them for
several years. Not long since—I do not remember
the exact time—the Land Office adopted those sur-
veys and they are now using them. Under such
circumstances, that office would pay for these
surveys, had the money been appropriated.
The question was then taken and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. F1TCII. I propose after the following:
" For compensation to the door-keeper of the
President's House, $500," to add:
And assistant door-keeper, the sum of $'365.
I have been requested to offer that amendment.
It is a small matter, but as I understand, just and
proper. The paragraph in the bill compensates a
door-keeper. There are two door-keepers—a
principal and an assistant. Without providingfor
the pay of the assistant, we do a very great wrong
either to these individuals, or to the President.
Two door-keepers at the President's are absolutely
required. We compel these two to divide the
$500, or the President to pay one out of his own
pocket. I do not think any gentleman will, under
the circumstances, say the salary was too high.
Mr. HOUSTON. There was an estimate for
the assistant door-keeper. The matter was re-
ferred to my friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
the friend of the President. He reported, that it
was not usual to make the appropriation, and that
the President did not ask it. In that view of the
case, the committee did notmakean appropriation
for the assistant.
Mr. GENTRY. The President might feel a
delicacy in asking for this small appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Alabama
is substantially correct. The President felt a del-
icacy in asking for any such appropriation on the
part of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to it.
It was not usual, and for that reason the gentle-
man reported against it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Air. STANTON, of Kentucky. I submit the
following amendment:
To enable tho Secietaivof the luteiior to purchase a
suitable number of non settees to ho placed in the pubWo
giounds at the Capitol and the President's House, the s>utn
of £840.
The question was taken, and the amendment
adopted.
The following section was then read:
For compensation of four draw-keeper*, and for fuel
and oil for the lamps of the Potomac bud^e,^2,7oj."
Mr. FITCH. I move to strikeout this clause.
It is notorious that that bridge is no longer in ex-
istence, and hence, where is the necessity ofpaying
this money?
Air. HOUSTON. I am willing to strike it out
if the committee so decide. There is one draw on
this side of the river, and it is important that that
should be kept up. The channel in which vessels
pass up and down, is on this side of the river.
One draw hus been washed away.
Mi. BOWIE. I offer an appropriation of
$20,000 for the repair of that bridge. It is neces-
sary to keep up the connection between the two
sho res.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] is
not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fitch's
motion to strike out, arid it was agreed to.
The following section was then read:
"'For compensation of two draw-keepers, and for fuel
and oil lor lamps of the two budges across the Eastern
Hianrh of the Potomac river, ^900.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amendment
to come in at the end of that section:
For the repairs of the two bridges o\'er the Eastern Branoh.
of the Potomac, $5,01)0.
We are informed by the report of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, that the bridges across
the Eastern Branch are in a precarious and danger-
ous condition, and that they require the sum of
$3,000 to put them in repair. These bridges, like
the Potomac bridge, are public highways, and
have become the property of the United States;
and it is obviously proper thjt they should be
sustained and kept in order; otherwise human life
would be exposed to peril. I hope that this
House, inasmuch as the Government Iris incurred
the expense of constructing these bridges, will not
permit, them to rot down. We are informed by
the local superintendent, that they are in a danger-
ous condition, and will require tins sum in order
to keep them up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish merely to
sav, m opposition to that amendment, that it is
bin two or three years since we paid >30.030 for
those bridges, and we have made appropriations
since for their repair.
Mr. BOWIE demanded tellers upon his amend-
ment; which were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was an ap-
propriation at the last Congress of £, 1,000 for those
bridges.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I submit a
similar amendment, with £500 add.rional. 1 doso
because the Commissioner of PuM'c Buildings,
who has charge of the«?e bridges, and the Secretary
of the Interior, who reported to this House the
estimates for their repair, both presented to the
Committee on Public Buildings an estimate of the
expense, amounting to some $8,000. The same
estimates were presented to the Committee of
Ways and Means. The Committee of Ways
