•2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
and Means thought proper to repudiate nearly all
the recommendations of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, as well as the Secretary of the
Interior, for the improvement of the public grounds
and the public buildings of the Government, ac-
cepting and reporting to the House only a very
inconsiderable portion of them, and such only as
they could not possibly reject. The Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings reports that those two
bridges which have been bought by the Govern-
ment of the United States for the accommodation
of citizens of Maryland and the District interested,
are in such a condition that it is absolutely dan-
gerous to the lives of the market-men and others
who come to this city and pass o^er it with their
wagons.
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman, if he knows whether the appropriation
made by the last Congress has been expended?
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt that it has
been expended, and the report of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings will show that it has
been expended, economically and judiciously.
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to inquire further,
what are the particular repairs required ?
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that the timbers
have rotted, and it has become necessary to* sup-
ply new ones.
Mr. HEBARD. It wants building over.
Mr. STANTON. It wants a thorough repair-
ing. I will make this further remark, that before
the late disasters to the Potomac bridge, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings sent to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings of the House a statement
showing the condition of that bridge. If the Gov-
ernment of the United States, who erected that
bridge for the accommodation of the public, had
taken the proper means to keep it in good repair,
the disaster which resulted in its destruction would
not have occurred. I have no doubt that, un-
less this appropriation be made to keep up these
bridges, in a short time they will share the same
fate of the one across the Potomac. These bridges
originally belonged to private corporations, who
were taxing the citizens of this city and those upon
the opposite side of the river a large amount for
the passage over. They had been in existence a
great many years, and were in a bad condition
when the Government bought them. Four thou-
sand dollars has since been appropriated for the
purpose of repairing them. That sum has not
proved sufficient, and the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, who visits them daily, says that,
unless they are repaired, danger must ensue to
those who travel over them. I hope that the
House will adopt the amendment, as it is reason-
able and just.
Sir. F1CKLIN. I trust that this amendment
will not be adopted. It is, as was stated by the
honorablegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
but two or three years ago since these bridges
were purchased; probably by an appropriation at
the long session of the last Congress. They were
purchased upon the special application and impor-
tunity of the owners of these bridges, who wished
to dispose of them. At the last session of Con-
gress there was an appropriation of some ,000,
as I understand it, for the repair of these bridges.
How has that money been expended ? is a ques-
tion that has been well asked by the honorable
gentleman from Vermont over the way. What
has been done with that money ?
Mr. BOWIE. I will answer the question by
reading a paragraph from the report of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, which shows that
the bridge across the Potomac is unsafe for the
passage of any wagon.
[Mr. B. here read an extract from the report of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, showing
the necessity before the bridge was carried away
of making an appropriation for its repair.]
Mr. FTCICLIN. The paragraph read is in re-
lation to the Potomac bridge, and not the Eastern
Branch.
The point I wish to arrive at is this: that we
are asked blindly to appropriate money here, with-
out knowing how this money is to be expended.
What good is to be effected by it ? What is to be
accomplished by the use of that money? If we
are to appropriate money here, let us first know
what we are to do.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and k was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I propose the
following:
For the repair of the two bridges over the Kastern
Branch .of the Potomac,,§-1,500; and that the Secretaiy of
the Interior be required, in the expenditure of the same, to
make a regular report to the next succeeding Congiess, or
the next section, if in lime.
At this very time there is an increase of from
ten to thirty-three and a third per cent, in the ex-
penses of living in this city, mainly in conse-
quence of the loss of one bridge; and they would
be largely increased in the loss of another bridge,
so that the country would be deprived of all fa-
cilities for furnishing you supplies. Any man
who has kept house in this District must be aware
of the extraordinary prices at which everything is
sold. The constant complaint of boarding-house
keepers pierce our ears with the constant declara-
tions that they are making nothing by boarding;
while, at the same time, we are throwing it back
upon them, that they are taking every thing we
get here. )
A Voice. There is always a ground for grum- '
bling. ;
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir, there is always a '
ground to those who want justice done; but there '
is never a ground for those who never want to
do it.
Mr. SMART. The landlords are always com-
plaining.
Mr. JOHNSON. No man would be more
ready to do it than my honorable friend who
comes, I believe, from somewhere very far off, but
I cannot exactly say where.
Mr. SMART. Look in the geography.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not mean any unkind-
ness to the gentleman. I know him well. He is
a very good Pree-Soiler. Sir, these bridges are
necessary to the citizens of the District, and we
shall be compelled to raise the salanes of those
who are in the employment of the Government
here, to enable them to live, unless we will dis-
charge the duty which we have heretofore under-
taken, which will enable them to be connected
with the balance of humanity.
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to the adop-
tion of this amendment for two reasons. The
gentleman from Arkansas says these bridges are
falling down, and that the people of the District are
suffering in consequence. I would ask the gentle-
man, and other gentlemen who advocate such a
proposition as this, what interest the people of the
United States have in it?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answer thegentleman,
if he will ailow me.
Air. SKELTON. No, sir; J cannot yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. The people of the United
States would ha\e no interest in it, I acknowledge,
if they were to starve three fourths of the mem-
bers here. [Laughter, and cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SKELTON. I beg the gentleman not to in-
terrupt me. 1 say that I am entirely opposed to this
principle. The people of this District have been I
filching money from the United States forthepur- I
pose of paving and lighting their streets. I
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to state
when and how? He cannot do it. j
Mr. SKELTON. What interest have the neo- ■
pie of the United States in these bridges > What '
right have you to put your lingers into the pockets j
of the people of every district in the country for
the special and particular benefit of the people of;
the District of Columbia? I say that the princi- ,
ciple is wrong—entirely wrong. If the people of :
this District are suffering for want of bridges, let
them build their own bridges, as the people of other
districts do.
Mr. JOHNSON. What State does the gentle-
man come from ?
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot give the gentleman j
any part of my five minutes. If they complain i
of the want of bridges, let them do a3 we do in i
New Jersey, and as thepeople of other States do— i
build their own bridges. What interest have the ]
people of all the States of this Union in the bridges j
here ? And what right have we to tax the people i
of this whole country for the particular benefit of j
the people of this District? j
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow I
me to interrupt him for a moment ? [
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir, I will not yield the j
floor. j
Mr. JOHNSON. The States are all concerned. !
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"] [
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is not in order.
Mr. SKELTON. Again, sir, the people of this
Distnctare complaining that we do not pay enough
for our board. Will any member of this House
say that we do not pay enough ? The gentleman
says himself that we pay all we get for our board,
and still they are complaining. Why, sir, we are
doing a gross wrong to the people of this District,
by feeding them and making them paupers on the
public Treasury, and thereby paralyzing their
energies. Throw them on their own resources-—•
tell thern they must keep their own streets and
bridges in repair, and supply their markets by
their own industry and energy, and they will rise
superior to the condition of paupers.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] by striking out the sum of
$4,500, and inserting $G,000. I do this because,
in my judgment, the sum proposed is not sufficient
for the purpose. The Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Public Buildings, have
both recommended §8,000.
It is said that §4,000 was appropriated last year
to repair these two bridges, and doubts are stated
as to the proper expenditure of this money, as well
as to the necessities of the appropriation. Now,
I have before me the report of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and I will read a short para-
graph from it to show the disposition made of the
appropriation. The Commissioner says:
The bridges across the Eastern Branch have tieen re-
paired so far as the sum appropriated would justify, reserv-
ing only enough to pay tile keepers to July next. These
stnictures are atn very oid, and lequire moie than the
usual amount for repairs. j have estimated the sum neces-
sary for repaii s and pay of keepers at §8,000. The utmost
economy has been used in making repairs, the drawkei-pera
being required to assist in that work."
Now, sir, this officer, who is intrusted by law
with the expenditure of money for such purposes,
informs us that the bridges have been repaired as
far as the expenditure would justify—that the
bridges were old and much out of repair—and the
expenditure has been made with the utmost econ-
omy. This report was in the hands of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the facts con-
tained in it ought to have been known by the
members of that committee.
Thegentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,]
with some warmth, says the people of this District
should make their own bridges, and hot call upon
Congress for aid. I can tell the gentleman, if he
does not know it, that the people of the District
did make their own bridges. Certain gentlemen,
with their own funds, built both these bridges,
and under their corporate authority levied toll upon
ali who passed over them. Citizens of Maryland
and of the District of Columbia petitioned Con-
gress to establish a free bridge or buy out the stock-
holders. Congress interposed at their request,
and passed a law providing for the purchase of
the bridges, not at the value of the stock, but at
about half price, thvis forcing them for an incon-
siderable sum, to relinquish corporate rights which
they held in perpetuity. This was a serious in-
terference with their rights,and drove them to the
alternative of sacrificing half the value of their
property, or lose the whole by having a free bridge
running parallel to those belonging to them. The
stockholders have at this moment pending before
the committees of this House, a memorial de-
manding indemnity for the injury done them by
the Government. This is a true history of the
matter.
The gentleman from New Jersey talks of the
people of the District as a set of paupers, con-
stantly seeking to filch money from the Govern-
ment. It is a common thing in this House to
hear such denunciations, and I am constrained to
say they are without reason or justice. This Dis-
trict was laid off, and this city built for the conve-
nience of Government. General Washington,
for reas'ons which he deemed wise, located it at a
point where its citizens would be deprived of com-
mercial facilities. His object, no doubt, was to
separate the action of Congress as much as possi-
ble from the influence of commercial interests, and
keep the seat of Government free from the evils of
a dense and turbulent population. If, therefore,
the people of the District are to some extent de-
pendent upon Congress, it arises from the very-
necessity of their position, and they ought not to
be reproached for what they cannot avoid. They
