1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
' Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire of the Chair
what disposition'*has been made of my proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
under the rule, the proposition must go to the
Committee on Printing. The Chair does not
remember what has been the practice of the House
under that rule.
Mr. CARTTER. Has any motion to refer
been made? *
The SPEAKER. Such a motion has not been
made. A motion to print extra copies having
b'een made by the gentleman from Ohio, that prop-
osition must go to the Committee on Printing.
The Chair thinks, however, that it would be more
regular that a motion to refer should be made.
Mr. CARTTER. It appears to me so, and I
move to refer the agricultural report to the Com-
mittee on Printing, with instructions to report to
the House in favor of printing one hundred thou-
sand extra copies.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio propose to instruct the committee ?
Mr. CARTTER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair is half in-
clined to think that the motion must lie over for
consideration.
Mr. CARTTER. Then let it lie.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be considered, in
the opinion of the Chair, in the shape in which
the-gentleman from Ohio has proposed it. The
gentleman from Ohio proposes to instruct the
Committee on Printing to order certain extra
copies to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I suppose a motion
to refer to the Committee 011 Printing is not in
order, because it implies the power to vole down
the reference, and the rule is absolute, that a mo-
tion to print extra copies shall go to that com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The rule is imperative that
every proposition to print an extra number of
copies—110 matter what the number—must go to
the Commute 011 Printing What the practice of
this body has been under that rule, the Chair does
not remember; the rule is not a very old one. The
gentleman from Ohio proposes to instruct the com-
mittee to order a certain number of extra copies,
to be printed, and die Chair thinks that that mo-
tion must lie over.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
This House cannot instruct the Committee on
Printing, which is a joint committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion is out of order. It is not competent for
this House to instruct that committee.
Mr. CARTTER. Then 1 move that the report
be laid u|ion the table and printed.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I desire to arrive
at the same result as the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] and I would therefore intjuiie of
the Chair if it would not be in order to instruct
the Committee on Printing; to inquire into the ex-
pediency of reporting that a certain number of
extra copies of 1 his report shall be printed, thus
indicating to the committee the sense of the House
on the subject? If it be in order, I will make that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is hard-
ly competent for this House to instruct that joint
committee. There is a joint rule which requires
that all propositions to print extra copies shall go
to the joint committee. That is under the general
law. if, therefore, thegentleman submits a prop-
osition to print an extra number of copies, the
Chair must rule that that proposition must go to
the joint committee under that joint rule, which is
the law governing both Houses.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Maine
will accomplish his object by making a simple
motion to print an extra number of copies; and it
matters not whether the number be ten thousand
or one hundred thousand. That motion, under
the joint rule, to which the Chair has correctly
referred, carries the subject to the Committee on
Printing. It is made the duty of that committee
to take up the whole subject connected with the
document and report to the House what number
they think ought to be printed.
The SPEAKER. What was the precise mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. CARTTER. My first motion was to lay
on the table and print.
The SPEAKER. That has been ordered.
Mr. CARTTER: 1 will withdraw my subse-
quent motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to print one hundred
thousand extra copies.
The SPEAKER. That motion, underthe joint
rule, goes to the Committee on Printing.
The following bill from the Senaie was taken up
in its order, and read a first and second time by its
title, viz:
'•An act (No. 137) for the relief of the securities of Elijah
J. Weed, late quaiterma^ter of marines, deceased."
Mr. SlFANTON, of Tennessee, moved to refer
the bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DANIEL moved' to refer the bill to the
Committee on Claims.
The question was first put upon Mr. Stanton's
motion; and, on a division, there were—ayes 12,
noes 32; no quorum voting.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fuller of Maine, and
Stanton of Tennessee were appointed; and the
question being again put, there were—ayes 44, noes
not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question was then put upon Mr. Daniel's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
IOWA LAJftD BILL.
The following Senate bill, coming; up in its order,
was read a first and second time by its title, viz:
" An act (No. 1) planting tlie riyht of way nntl making a
giant of land to tin' .State of J own, m aid of the construe-.
tton ot cuitain liuhoads m said State."
Mr. CLARK. I move that that bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
ot the Union, and that it be made the special or-
der for the second Tuesday in June, and from
day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. Caw we have a division of
that question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that a mo-
tion to make a special order is not in order, with-
out a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CLARK. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are acting under a sus-
pension of the rules now.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is it in order to move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Iowa by
striking out that part of it which proposes to make
this bill the special order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to make the bill the special order for a par-
ticular day is not in order.
Mr. OLA!? (v. I would ask the Chair for what
reason if is not in order5
The SPEAKER. The Chair must reply that
the rules of the House do not allow it.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for information, m order
that 1 may know if 1 can make the motion so as
to be in order.
The SPEAKER. If we were engaged in clear-
ing the Speaker's table in the ordinary way under
the rules, it would be competent for thegentleman,
on Monday, to move to suspend the rules for the ;
purpo.se lie desires. J>ut ir is not m order now,
for the reason that we are acting under a suspen-
sion of the rules, and the Chair does not see how
it can well admit of a motion to suspend the rules a
second time upon business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CLARK. If we are acting under a sus-
pension of the rules, it does not exactly appear to
me why my motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. We are acting under a sus-
pension of the rules, which enabled us to go to
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been submitted by the gentleman from Iowa, and
that gentleman further submits a motion that the
bill be made the special order for a particular day.
The Chair thinks, upon reflection, that the gentle-
man may move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of submitting the latter proposition.
Mr. CLARK. Very well, sir; then I make
that motion.
Mr. FOWLER. Will it be in order to move
to amend that motion?
The SPEA KER. In what way ?
Mr. FOWLER. By striking out what pro-
poses to make the bill the special order for a cer-
tain day in June. If it is in order, X will submit
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not amenda-
ble, until it is before the House. The motion now
is, to suspend the rules to enable the gentleman to
submit that motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to move,
that the bill be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and I submit that whilst in the execu-
tion of a special order, under a suspension of the
rules* we cannot be arrested by another motion to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. This motion to suspend the
rules, is in connection with the business for which
the rules were suspended and the order made, and
the Chair thinks that we cannot well separate the
motion proposed to be.made by the gentleman
from Iowa, from the business before the body.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Would a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
take precedence of the motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me inquire whether the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa is an entirety,
or whether there are two motions embraced m his
proposition ?
The SPEAKER. They are separate and dis-
tinct motions. One is to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; the other is to make it a special order. The
question will first be taken on referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CLARK. My proposition, then, resolves
itself into two motions?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. CLARK. Then 1 withdraw the motion,
and move to refer the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was so
referred.
The following Senate bills were respectively
read a first and second time by their titles and re-
ferred as indicated below, to wit;
An act (No. 33) for the relief of Mrs. E. A.
McNeil, widow of the late General John McNeil.
[By Mr. Hibbard, to the Committee on invalid
Pensions.]
An act (No. 152) for the relief of John F. Cal-
lan, administrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
[By Mr. Cobb, to the Committee on Claims.]
An act (No. 153) to authorizeT. H. McManus
to enter by preemption certain lands in the Greens-
burg land district, Louisiana. [By Mr. Hall, to
the Committee on Public Lands.]
An act (No. 285) appropriating a sum of money
for the completion of the interment of officers and
soldiers who died in Mexico, in the American
cemetery near the city of Mexico. [By Mr.
Carttlr, to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,]
An act (No. 87) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to settlers on the public lands known as the
" Mftison Rouge Grant," and for other purposes.
[By Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.]
An act (No. 158)for the relief of Nancy Wright.
[By Mr. Harris of Tennessee, to the Commit-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.]
An act (No. 159) for the relief of Robert Jemi-
son and Benjamin Williamson. [By Mr. Cable,
of Ohio, to the Committee on Claims.]
An act (No. 160) for the relief Nathaniel Kuy-
kenda.ll. [By Mr. Faulkner, to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
An act (No 166) to provide compensation to
William Woodbridge and Henry Chipman, for
services in adjusting titles to land in Michigan, and
for other purposes. [By Mr. Stuart, to the
Committee on the Judiciary.]
An act (No. 168) for the relief of Sarah Flinn.
[By Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.]
An act (No. 169) for the relief of Thomas D.
Jennings. [By Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.]
An act (No. 173) for the relief of John McRey-
nolds, of Detroit, in the State of Michigan. [By
Mr. Stuart, to the Committee on Commerce.]
An act (No. 177) for the relief of Samuel Bray.
[By. Mr. Cabell, of Florida, to the Committee
on Commerce.]
