1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2099
have no local Legislature to appeal to for favors or
a redress of wrongs, but are compelled to rely
upon the fickle and grudging- disposition of Con-
gress. The resident population of this city will
compare favorably in every patriotic and moral
quality, with the citizens of any other large city
in the Union. They do not merit the harsh and
uncalled-for reproaches which are so frequently
heaped upon them.
I said the city was located and built for the con-
venience of Government. Here are located the
public buildings, and we within the District
from fifteen millions to twenty millions of public
property. The archives of Government contained
in the public buildings, cannot be estimated in
value by any calculation of dollars and cents.
Now, upon the value of this public property, you
do not piy one single cent of taxes to the city, or ;
the authorities of the District. Tax the public '
property at the same rate, which the corporation
taxes the property of private individuals, and it
Will amount to a sum fully equal, and perhaps
much more, than you appropriate for improve-
ments in the District, not absolutely necessary for
the dispatch of the Government business. The
citizens of Washington, with a public spirit cred-
itable to them in the highest degree, aid in the pro-
tection of your property and public archives.
They form themselves into fire companies, are
prompt to appear when danger is present, and
have at all times done efficient service in case of :
fire in any of the public buildings. This Capitol
itself was saved from destruction by their exer-
tions. You have the benefit of the improvements
made by the corporation, the advantage of its po-
lice force when emergencies arise to call it into
service to protect the public property, and many
other advantages which you owe to the city cor-
poration. But, for all this you pay not one cent
in the shape of taxes. Now, I will guarantee that
if Congress will agree to pay annually upon its
property, the same rate of taxes paid by Individ- :
uais, that you will not be troubled by the citizens j
asking for appropriations for these improvements. j
Here then is a reasonable mode of setting rid of I
this species of legislation; and if gentlemen are dis-
posed to do even simple justice to the District of
Columbia, let them adopt it.
I beg the House will <*ive some heed to the
statements of the Commissioner. He tells you
the bridges were old and out of repair—that the
money expended was used economically, but was
iiot sufficient for their thorough repair. They
need the repairs proposed, because it is dangerous
to pass over them with loaded wagons. When
the Government bought them, it certainly incurred
an obligation to keep them in good condition. The
object was to accommodate the public by provid-
ing a free passage across the river, from one part
of the District to another. The object will he de-
feated if the bridges remain in a condition so as to
render it dangerous to ail who may wish to travel
on them. |
Mr. SMART. I am opposed to the amend- I
ment to the amendment, in the first place, because
I do not think it is necessary, and in the next
place, because I am opposed to expending any
more money in the District of Columbia than is
already provided for m the bill. The gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] seemed anxious
to know how and when this money had been ex-
pended upon the people of the District of Co-
lumbia. I will state, for the information of the
gentleman, that upwards of ten miliums of dollars
have been expended in the Districtof Columbia in
the election of public buildings and the improve-
ment of the public grounds. I think the gentle-
man will find that that accounts for a very consid-
erable item of expense.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, that is nothing^
Mr. SMART. The gentleman may think that
a small amount, but in my judgment it is a pretty i
large sum; and I trust that this House will not ;
make any additional expenditure except that con- i
tained in this bill. ^ |
Now, the gentleman, in his allusion to where I '
reside, seemed not to understand the geography of I
rny section of the country; still, I think he knows ;
me well enough, and knows my position, not only !
on the question upon which I am now speaking,
but upon other questions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not mean
to intimate any such thing as that the gentleman
was not of as much importance in the House as
anybody else. I could not upon the instant call
to mind the name of the State from which he
comes.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Joii.vsok, and being put, it was de-
cided in the negative. So the amendment was not
adopted.
I\lr. JOHNSON. I now offer that same amend-
ment, only putting the amount at $4,750.
In regard to the remark made by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] a moment since 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Before the
gentleman proceeds further, the Chair will state
that he cannot permit any unparliamentary re-
marks.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not my intention so to
do; but the gentleman from Maine entirely mis-
construed me. That is whatl want to say. I
know thegentleman well, and have always treated
| him with uniform courtesy, but I did not at the
' time recollect what State he came from. But, sir,
l pass from that.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Skel-
ton] jumps up and makes an attack upon the Dis-
trict. These bridges and other things which form
the connection between this city and the balance of
the United States are owned mainly by theGovern-
ment of the United States, and it is for the interest
of the Government that they should be safe and
easy. And yet the people of the whole District are
attacked whenever we come to consider any of
these propositions, which will he for the benefit of
the Government itself.
It is well known that during the sessions of the
American Congress, the population of this city is I
almost doubled, and that when this Congress is !
not in session the city is a desert, that it would
almost make the heart of any man sad to look
j upon. Thegentleman talks about the amount of
money expended in this District for the ercction of
public buildings for the use of the Government it-
self. Is that a blessing to this people.'1 Is that
the ground for this charge against them ? It is too
preposterous! Other men of brighter intellects
than mine could elucidate how preposterous it is
by a single simile, but I will not attempt it.
But, the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skulton] speaks of the people of this District, and
says, that Congress should have more respect for
them than to treat them as paupers—that they
look to the Government and pension themselves
upon it, and cannot live without it. That is a
generous accusation indeed, coming from his State.
? imagine there is not another member from the
State of New Jersey, who would make such an
accusation, knowing the keen reply that could be
thown back upon him. How do they support
their government?
[Cries of ''Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman is not in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am speaking of the man-
ner in which the State of New Jersey supports
her government.
(Loud cries of " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will come
to order.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not personal to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, and the Chair cannot
say it is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not say the
gentleman's remarks were personal, but he said
they were out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. I will not pro-
ceed out of order. I say that State levies taxes
upon strangers passing through it, for the purpose
of supporting its government, as I am mlormed
by a gentleman who sits by me.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. SKELTON. 1 will only add one word in
reply to the gentleman from Arkansas, and then
; I will confine my remarks to the subject under
i consideration. The gentleman asks how we sup-
] port ourselves in New Jersey. We do it by our
i own hands, sir.
j [Shouts of" Order!"]
I The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must pro-
! reed m order and confine himself to the subject
! under consideration.
j Mr. SKELTON. I will only make this one
I remark, and then I will confine myself to the sub-
ject under consideration. I say, we in New Jer-
sey support ourselves by honest labor, with our
own hands.
It has been remarked here that these bridges
were sustained by the people of this District until
the Government took possession of them, and took
them under its own conn.d for repair. Now, if
the Government of the United^States has done
wrong; if Congress has done wrong to the people
of this District, by assuming the control and repair
of these bridges, I want th^tf. they should restore
them again, as soon as possible, to.the possession
of the people of the District.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to say one word?
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot.
Mr. STANTON. I want to produce the facts.
Mr. SKELTON. I want no facts. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 say that, having done this wrong and out-
rage to the people of this District, according to the
gentleman's own statement, I am opposed to com-
mitting any further wrongs and outrages upon them
by tiie repair of these bridges. I am for surrender-
ing them into the hands of the people of this Dis-
trict, with the view that they may keep them in
repair—rebuild and sustain them. We may have
done them wrong by giving them money. We
have done wrong, as I assume, by inducing them
to depend upon us instead of their own resources.
Again, sir, thegentleman from Arkansas says,
one reason why we ought to keep these bridges in
repair, is because the public treasure of the Gov-
ernment is to pass over them to the various sec-
tions of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I made use of no such argu-
ment whatever; none such occurred to me.
Mr. SKELTON. Now, I have no fear that
the public treasure of the Government will not
find its way out of the District fast enough with-
out building these bridges for that purpose. So
much fof the argument that it is necessary to
build these bridges for the use of the Government
to enable it to dispose of the public treasure of the
conntry. I say it is fallacious. There is no
ground for argument upon it. It is not neces-
sary for any such purpose. Then, sir, where is
the necessity and where is the right to appropriate
this money5 Where is the right and where
the clann that these people have upon us to build
their bridges? Rut aside from the amount of
money to be expended upon them, a great objec-
tion to my mind against this Government keeping
m repair and sustaining them is, that it costs the
Government a hundred-fold more than it would
cost the people themselves; besides that, it is a
constant source of trouble. How much have we
spent upon these bridges ? Four thousand dollars
a year.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We cannot
get through with the bill this evening.
Seveial Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
Phelps] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 196, making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30th,
1853, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CARLE, of Ohio. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw that motion, to enable
me to report back to the House, and have referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, a bill to provide compensation for those
designated as the depositaries for the public mon-
ey. It is a Senate bill which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means; and I now de-
sire the consent of the House to report it back,
with amendment, in order to have it referred and
printed.
Mr. CABLE. I will withdraw the motion.
There was no objection, and
Mr. JONES, from the Committee of Ways and
Means reported back a bill to provide compensa-
tion to such persons as in ay be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury to receive and keep the
public moneys, under the sixteenth section of the
"Act of the 6th of August, 1846, and for addi-
