2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
tional services required under that act," with an
amendment; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
bill and amendment ordered to be printed.
Mr. GABLE. 1 now renew my motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and tl^e House ad-
journed tili to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred m the appropriate committees:
By Mr. GORMAN: The petition of officers of the second
regiment of artillery, asking Congress to appropriate a sum
of mpney for the band, &c., &c.
By Mr. AVERETT: The petition of William Murray,
of Halifax county, Virginia, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BIltGGS: The memorial of David T. Valentine
and others, of the city of New York, for the passage of a
law for the better protection of passengers on board of
steamboats.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The memorial of Hubbeli
& Patten and others, of the city of New York, for the pas-
sage of an act for the better protection of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of steamboats.
IN SENATE. '
Friday, August 6, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the execution of
the order assigning Friday for the consideration
of private bills, was postponed till one o 'clock.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by him
yesterday, and in conformity therewith, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate be
eleven o'clock, a m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of John H. Scruggs, praying a pension in
consideration of his services in the Florida war in
the year 1818; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Thomas
Crown, praying to be allowed damages occa-
sioned' by the breach of a contract on the part of
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
David Butler, military storekeeper, praying to be
allowed extra compensation for services in the
Army of the United States, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Afl'airs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
George H. Derby, praying to have refunded to
him a sum of money belonging to the United
States, which was stolen while under his charge,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of C.
B. McKnight and others, praying a modification
of the bounty land law; and the petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the sale of the unsold
lands purchased of the tribe of Wyandot Indians,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to provide for the sale of cer-
tain portions of the public lands to the States
within which they lie, for the purpose of construct-
ing railroads and canals, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following petitions, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to:
Petition of George Andrews;
Petition of Charles Burris and others;
Petition of the Legislature of Alabama relative
to the gradation of the price of the public lands in
that State; and
Petition of citizens of Bangor, Maine, in relation
to the bill granting lands to the States for railroads,
and from all memorials and petitions on the sub-
ject of the homestead bill, and granting lands to
actual settlers, referred to that committee.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, making grants of land to aid in the con-
struction of railroads and for other purposes, re-
ported adversely thereto.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted informally an
amendment which he intends to prppose to the bill
from the -House of Represenatives, making grants
of land to aid in the construction of railroads,
and for other puposes; which was ordered to be
printed.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. FELCH. The Committee on Public Lands,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives " to encourage agriculture, com-
' merce, manufactures, and all other branches of
' industry, by granting to every man who is the
' head of a family and a citizen of the United
' States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty
' acres of land out of the public domain, upon con-
' dition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
' for the period therein specified, "commonly known
as the homestead bill, have instructed me to re-
port it back, with an expression of the views of
the majority adverse to the propriety of passing
the bill.
I am also instructed to make the same report
upon the Senate bill "to cede the public lands of
' the United States to the States respectively in
'which they are situated, on condition that the said
' States shall severally grant and convey 'the said
' lands to actual occupants only, in limited quanti-
' ties, for cost of survey, and title muniments
' merely."
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say, with the per-
mission of the Senate, that two of the members of
the committee, composing the minority—I being
one of them—differ with the majority in their re-
port as to what is called the homestead bill. The
minority are in favor of that bill in substance.
The minority agree with the majority of the com-
mittee with regard to what is known as Bennett's
land distribution bill, and will, in the course of a
day or two, offer to the Senate a substitute for it.
GALLERY OF THE ARTS.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the President to grant to J. Vanderlyn
the use of a site on the public lands in the city of
Washington, for a gallery of the arts; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented the petition of J. Vanderlyn,
praying that an institution dedicated to the liberal
arts, similar to those he has seen and frequented
while a student at some of the celebrated capitals
of Europe, may be established at the seat of Gov-
ernment. The petitioner states that the institution
he proposes will serve as a school and means of
instruction to the students of art, such as are now
drawn to France and Italy, and at the same time
for a new source of attraction and instruction to
the public and visitors to the Capital. He also
states that he is in possession of some paintings
of large dimensions, of a high order of merit, and
is also the painter of several others, with which
he proposes to open an attractive public exhibi-
tion, which could be accomplished by the begin-
ning of the next session, supposing a building
could be completed by that time. The petitioner
suggests as an appropriate location for such an
institution, the corner of Pennsylvania avenue
and Third street. He solicits an appropriation of
about §10,000 for the construction of the building;
but if the appropriation be objected to, he asks at
least the favor of being permitted, for a term of
years, the use of the location designated for the
purposes above specified.
The petition was also referred to the Committee
on the Library.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, submitted the following resolution for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the clerk to the Committee on Claims be
continued, at the usual rate of compensation, to be employed
during the recess of the Senate, in completing; and keeping
up the Tndex and Digest of the reports of the committee,
nuthoiized by the resolution of March, 1851, and in dis-
charging such other duties as the committee may require.
DRY-DOCK IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following re«olu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
furnish the Senate with copies of all contracts entered into
by him for the use of the dry-dock in California.
THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate, if not incompatible with the
public interests, whether any propositions have beten made
by the King of the Sandwich Islands to transfer the sover-
eignty of those Islands to the United States, and to com-
municate to the Senate all official information on that sub-
ject in his possession.
Mr. WELLER. Is the resolution under con-
sideration ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. "WELLER. I hope the resolution will be
considered immediately. I would like very much
to get that information.
Mr, SEWARD. I should be glad to have the
resolution considered now.
There being: no objection, the resolution was
'considered and agreed to.
INDIAN COMMISSIONERS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the. Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate whether any reports have been received
from the Indian Commissioners in California upon the sub-
ject of the debts contracted bythem,andif so, that he trans-
mit copies thereof to the Senate.
I hope the Senate will consider the resolution at
this time. I received a letter, a short time since,
from one of the Indian commissioners, desiring
me to call for the report which he had submitted
to the Department m relation to the large debts
that have been contracted by commissioners in
the State of California. As I am exceedingly
anxious myself to see what these commissioners
have to say in regard to that matter, I trust the
Senate will now pass the resolution, in order that
we may be put in possession of the information.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
CUSTOMS REVENUE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the total amount of revenue from
customs, collected by Collector Collier, for the district of
San Francisco, California ; also, the amount paid over to
his successor, Thomas Butler King, at what time, and by
whose order any such amount was do paid over; also, the
amount due by the last settled account of said Collector
Collier to the United States, and what steps, if any, have
been taken to secure the same.
Resolved further, That the said Secretary report whether
any, and what portion, of the aforesaid amount received by
Collector King has been placed to the credit of the Treas-
urer of the United States, m his account with said Treas-
urer as a designated depositary, and at what time.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MERIWETHER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Road? and Canals be
requested to inquire into the propriety of making an appro-
priation sufficient to purchase the remainder ot the stock
in the Louisville and Portland Canal owned by individuals,
and thereafter reducing the tolls on said canal to a sum suf-
ficient to cover all necessary repairs and the woik thereof,
ABUSES IN THE PROSECUTION OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to have it considered at this time:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
President of the Senate to inquire into abuses, bribery, or
fraud, in the prosecution of claims btfore Congress, com-
missions, or the Departments, or in passing through Con-
gress bills embracing private, individual, or corporate inter-
ests, or m obtaining or granting contracts; and that said
committee have power to send for persona and papeis, and
examine witnesses on oath.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the resolution
be so amended as to provide that the committee
shall be appointed by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can accom-
plish his object by striking out the words " by the
President of the Senate." If these words be
stricken out, it will not be necessary to insert any
others, because, according to the rule, the Senate
elects its own committees,unless it is unanimously
ordered otherwise.
