THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
them-, but simply a vote to suspend the rules for
their introduction. I went to my colleague and
asked him to correct the mistake, stating to him
that he had done me very great injustice. I sup-
posed that he would correct it m his published
speech, but he published next morning the resolu-
tions sent in to us from the Senate congratulating
the people of Prance on their change of govern-
ment, which I did vote for, but which he did not
cause to be read. My colleague, in causing that
series of resolutions offered by Mr. Cummings to
be read, and charging me with having voted di-
rectly for them, did accuse me of that which he
knew to be'untrue.
*' Now, I should feel myself degraded if I were
willfully to misrepresent a man, however lngh and
honorable, or low his position might be, or if I
should willfully misrepresent a member upon this
floor. As to my colleague's remarks in regard
to myself,
"They pass by me as the idle wind."
I should degrade myself by accusing that gentle-
man, or any other, with voting directly for a prop-
* osition on this floor when I knew that he did not
do it. My colleague bad the Congressional Globe
before him, and knew that I had not voted directly
for these resolutions; and yet he accused me of
having done it, and sent the resolution to the
Clerk's desk to be read; and when I asked him to
allow me to explain what I had voted for, he de-
clined to do it.
Now, as to my action in regard to the proceed-
ings had in this House, in relation to Louis Kos-
south. I voted to welcome Louis Kossuth to this
country. I voted for the resolutions of Congress
which authorized his being taken on board of one
of our national ships, and brought to tbis country
as a man seeking an asylum in our glorious and
free land. I rejoiced to know that the people of
the United States sympathized with the Hunga-
rian exiles then in Turkey, and from the best in-
formation I could derive at the time, I united in the
resolutions empowering our Government to give
Kossuth and his companions in captivity a free
passage to this country as emigrants, who desired
to live under the glorious stars and stripes of our
nation. But when Kossuth came here, and was
evidently misled and deceived by men high in the
estimation of the country, into the belief that we
had intended by our action to signify our readiness
to intervene in European affairs, 1 deemed it my
duty, as a representative of the people, to say to
him that'all we intended was, "You may come
on to this great, beautiful platform of ours, become
a naturalized citizen if you choose, enjoy our
hospitality, live with us under our laws and be
protected against all the powers of the earth, in
the possession of those liberties which I trust we
shall ever enjoy." I therefore voted against the
resolution of my colleague [Mr. Cartter] for the
appointment of a committee to introduce him into
this Hall, to teacli us republicanism and our duty
to our constituents. It was with nie a matter of
deliberate judgment, seeing that out of my twenty-
one colleagues, only three concurred with me, and
vote against the proposition.
Sir, I sympathize with Louis Kossuth, as a
man who'had struggled for the liberties of his
country; I admired his talents and his genius; 1
read his orations, beautiful as they were, with as
much admiration and delight as anybody; but I
studied his character and found that it was not
free from many blemishes. In his own country
his courage has been questioned, and it has been
said that through his indecision, the liberties of
Hungary were sacrificed. Pulszky, edited Max
Scheiingei-'s "War in Hungary"—1848 and 1849
—in which it is stated, that, " His [Kossuth's] in-
decision was the ruin of himself and Hungary."
He was never in a battle. He resigned his gov-
ernorship, placed all the power in the hands of
Ororgey,when he knew, or ought to have known,
that he was a traitor, and fled to Turkey. Thence
he was brought to this country as an exile seeking
an asylum, and I could not see the necessity of
introducing him into the Hall of the representatives
of thepeople, to lecture us upon our duty, and teach
us whether we ought to interfere in quarrels be-
tween European nations or not.
I voted against it, and I rejoice in it. J&d the
good sense of the people of the whole country
sustain me in the opinion, that we ought not to have
brought him into this House, or given any coun-
tenance to his doctrines. But I will say, further,
that it is my firm belief, that if it had not been for
the opposition made in the Senate of the United
States, and the opposition made in this Hall—
an opposition highly respectable, composed of
nearly one third,of the members of the Senate and
about one third of this House,—I say if it had
not been for that opposition, 1 firmly believe that
we should have witnessed a scene in this Hall—here
in the Capitol of the'United States, similar to that
on his introduction to the Legislature in Harris-
burg. But such was the opposition manifested
in this Hall, as well as in the Senate, that I un-
derstood the committee appointed to wait upon
him advised him not to make such a speech as he
had expected to deliver to this House. The op-
position which I gave was this: I sat here and
gave my vote whenever I considered it necessary
to carry out what I conceived to be right, for the
good of the country, and when gentlemen saw fit
to call questions upon little motions of no import-
ance, I did not choose to pass between the tellers
every fifteen minutes. I want to know if it is the
duty of my colleague from the Ashtabula district
[Mr. Giddings] to call me to an account upon this
floor? I ask him if he can stand up here and say
that he never missed a vote upon any question ?
If he does not say that, and he cannot, why does
he come here and censure other gentlemen ?
It is well known to this committee that I very
rarely trouble them with remarks upon any ques-
tion, but I desire to say something upon this, be-
cause 1 have been censured by a portion of the
newspapers of the country for my course in rela-
tion to this question. It has been intimated that
the gentleman who proposed the resolution invi-
ting Louis Kossuth to this Hall and welcoming
him to the House of Representatives, instigated the
editor of the abolition paper of this city—the edi-
tor of the National Era—to censure the three gen-
tlemen, my colleagues, who had the firmness to
vote with me against this resolution, as well as
myself. If I am wrong, 1 hope the gentleman will
correct me.
Mr. CARTTER. I will correct my colleague
Mr. TAYLOR. I understood that he instiga-
ted that editor to notice those gentlemen as mis-
representing their constituents. I will give way
for the gentleman, but I hope he will answer the
question whether it is true or not, by " yes '' or
" no."
Mr. CARTTER. I will answer the gentle-
man. There is not a word of truth in it. SJow
I demand from the gentleman where he got his
information ?
Mr. TAYLOR. My colleague [Mr. Barrere]
gave me the information.
Mr. CARTTER. I want the gentleman to an-
swer the question. I never made any such inti-
mation to any one.
Mr. BARRERE. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Hunter] to say that that gentleman [Mr.
Cartter] had told the editor of the National Era
that I had misrepresented my district in my course
on the Kossuth resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I am much surprised that my
name should be drawn into any discussion what-
ever in relation to this question. If my colleague
from the Highland district [Mr. Barrere] thinks
that I told him that my colleague from the Woos-
ter district [Mr. Cartter] told the editor of the
National Era that any of my colleagues upon my
right or left misrepresent their constituents, I de-
sire to state that I said no such thing. I do not
suppose any of my colleagues misrepresent the
wishes of their constituents. I will tell the com-
mittee what I did say. 1 do not blame my col-
league for misrepresenting me, but he is certainly
mistaken. A copy of the National Era was lying
before me, when I remarked, not that any of my
colleagues misrepresented their constituents, but
that I had heard my colleague [Mr. Caktter] say
in the presence of the editor of the National Era
that my colleague [Mr. Barrere] represented but
about one third of the people of his district.
Mr. CARTTER. I said he was elected by
about one third of the voters in his district.
Mr. HUNTER. "Well, I remarked that I had
heard my colleague [Mr. Cartter] say that the
gentleman from the Highland district [Mr. Bar-
rere] was elected by about one third of his dis-
trict. I made this remark, but it applied to noth-
ing further—I said nothing further. I never heard
my colleague say that he misrepresented his con-
stituents. But 1 did go on to say that for this
remark the editor of the Era might have inferred
that he misrepresented his constituents.
Mr. BARRERE. I will state* that having heard
that I had been attacked in the National Era, I
called upon my colleague [Mv. Hunter] and
asked him if he had a copy of the paper. I do
not recollect that there was a word said about my
election; and really I thought it was doing a pret-
ty good business that I was elected at all. [Laugh-
ter.] I understood him to say, that in conversa-
tion with Mr. Cartter, Mr. C. had told him that
I was misrepresenting the sentiment of my district
upon that subject. I then understood it, and I
have referred to it many times since, that there
was such an understanding as has been alluded to
by my colleague [Mr. Taylor] between my col-
league who introduced that resolution [Mr. Cart-
ter] and the editor of the Era. 1 may have been
mistaken, but I certainly gathered this impression
from his remarks.
If my colleague says that I was elected by one
third of my district, he is mistaken. It is true
that the vote by which I was elected was a small
one, but it was larger than one third or one half
of the voters of the district.
While I am up—if my colleague will allow
me 1 desire to say one word in reference to
another matter. I understand my colleague from
the northern district [Mr. Giddings] to charge that
all those who voted with us in the negative upon
that resolution were factious.
Mr. CARTTER, Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark ? 1 simply desire to
disclaim any knowledge of any attacks upon any
■member of the Ohio delegation by the editor of
the National Era. I do not take the paper, and I
have read no article upon the subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague allow
me ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not wish to lose the floor.
I give way only to my colleague on my left, [Mr.
Barrere.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will not occupy the floor
for a minute. The gentleman says he understood
me as making the charge of faction upon all who
voted in the negative upon the resolution. I de-
sire to say that I included in that charge none ex-
cept my colleague from the Scioto district, [Mr.
Taylor.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I understand that I yield no
longer, except to the gentleman upon my left,
[Mr. Barrere.]
Mr. BARRERE. I was going on to say that I
heard my colleague from the Ashtabula district
[Mr. Giddings] make the charge against all in this
House who opposed this resolution as factious.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. BARRERE. I understood him to say
that my colleague [Mr. Taylor] was a general,
and had marched and countermarched; and as I
was one who took that course, which brought such
shame and mortification to that gentleman—dis-
grace upon Ohio, in his opinion—I supposed I
was, of course, included in the charge. I was in
my seat when most of the votes were taken upon
that resolution, but upon several occasions I did
not vote. For although I was not much of a par-
liamentarian, and although I had not had much
experience in this House, nor in any other legis-
lative body, yet I was constrained to believe that
that resolution was brought before this House by
a breach of our own rules and by a breach of the
parliamentary law by which we are governed.
And I felt that it was due to vindicate our rules by
the defeat of that resolution, if we could defeat it,
aside from all considerations of the merits of the
resolution itself. I was opposed to the resolution
upon principle, and voted against it. I was will-
ing to bring it to a direct vote in the House, and
vote against it; but inasmuch in my opinion,
the rules of the House had been broken down, I
thought I was justified in acting with the minority
in every legitimate mode allowed by the rules in
order to prevent the resolution from passing, if I
could.
I had hoped that this Kossuth business was
done with. But it seems it has been brought up
again to-day, and I am glad to avail myself of my
colleague's courtesy to place myself right. From
the Information I have received from my district, so
far from misrepresenting the sentiment of my dis-
trict upon this question, I have acted in strict ac-
cordance with the sentiment of all parties in that
