1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
Mr. MALLORY. That is my amendment.
The question being taken, theClmir announced
that the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLER demanded a division.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would much
prefer that the Senate should appoint its own com-
mittees.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt of that; but
it is proper that the question should be decided
correctly. Certainly there were only two or three
voting in the affirmative, while a great many voted
in the negative; and the rule requires that the
Chair shall announce the true vote.1
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will again take
occasion to say to the Senate that it is always im-
posing upon him a very unpleasant duty to have
to appoint very important committees. The rule
is positive, that all committees shall be elected by
a vote of the Senate, unless by unanimous con-
sent the rule is uYinged or suspended. The Chair
cannot appoint the committees but by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Chair state the
question ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Florida, to strike
out the words, " by the President of the Senate,"
so as to leave the committee, under the rule, to be
chosen by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. If the Chair desires to be re-
lieved from the responsibility of appointing the
committee, I hope theamendment will be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think that the Chair is correct,
so far as regards the appointment of standing
committees; but I do not understand the rule to
apply to select committees ordered by the Senate.
I think it is proper that the Chair should appoint
the committee. It would save the time of the Sen-
ate, which would otherwise be occupied in going
through a ballot.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator who moved the
resolution had better accept the modification.
Mr. HOUSTON. I accept it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will, in conse-
quence of the suggestion of the Senator from In-
diana, read the rule, so that it may be seen that
the Chair is correct in the statement that all com-
mittees shall be appointed by ballot, unless by
general consent. Rule 35 is as follows:
"In the appointment of tlie standing committees, the
Senate will proceed by ballot, severally to appoint tlie
chairman of each committee, and then by one ballot the
other members nccessary to complete the same, and a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given shall be neces-
saiy to the choice of a chairman ox' a standing committee.
All other committees shall be appointed by ballot, and a
plurality of votes shall make a choice."
The resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution just adopt-
ed requires the committee to be appointed by bal-
lot by the Senate, and the Chair will have that
order complied with before the Senate proceeds
with any other business. Senators will have the
goodness to prepare their ballots for the commit-
tee of five ordered by the resolution which has
been adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the bal-
loting for members of the committee until Monday
next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I believe we vote first for
chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDENT. That is not necessary.
According to the rule, Senators can vote for the
whole number composing the committee, and a
plurality makes the choice. The highest on the
list is generally chairman; or the committee have
the power to elect their own chairman.
The ballot being taken, resulted as follows:
For Mr. Houston 33 For Mr. Geyer  4
For Mr. Borland 20 For Mr. Seward 4
For Mr. Underwood.13 For Mr. Smith  4
For Mr. Meriwether. 10 For Mr. Charlton.... 3
For Mr. Bayard 8 For Mr. Clarke 3
For Mr. Brooke 8 For Mr. Davis 3
For Mr. Badger 7 For Mr. Wade 3
For Mr. Bright 7 For Mr. Weller 3
For Mr. Pratt 7 For Mr. Butler 2
For Mr. Toucey 7 For Mr. Cass S
For Mr. Walker 7 For Mr. Fish 2
For Mr. Adams C for Mr. Mason 2
For Mr. Bell 5 For Mr. Spruance ... 2
For Mr. Brodhead ... 5 For Mr. Atchison ,1
For Mr. Chase 1 For Mr. Hunter 1
For Mr. DeSaussure. 1 For Mr. Mallory .... 1
For Mr. Dodge of la. 1 For Mr. Norm 1
For Mr. Douglas .... 1 For Mr. Soule  1
For Mr. Felch 1 For Mr. Sumner 1
The PRESIDENT. Messrs. Houston, Bor-
land, Underwood, and Meriwether, being the
highest on the list, will constitute four members of
the committee. The Chair will state to the Sen-
ate that on looking at the list he finds that Mr.
Bayard and Mr. Brooke have precisely the same
number of votes. If Mr. Brooke should be con-
sidered as the member, the committee would con-
sist of three of one party and two of the other,
which is the usual number of the respective parties
on the committees of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I should prefer not to serve
on the committee, and I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will be selected.
The PRESIDENT. Messrs. Houston, Bor-
• land, Underwood, Meriwether, and Brooke,
will be considered as the members of the commit-
tee, if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
[" Agreed !" " Agreed!"]
No objection was made, and the committee was
so constituted.
On motion by Mr. Houston, it was
Ordered, That thp select committee appointed to inquire
into abuses in the prosecution of claim:?, be autlionzed to
employ a clerk.
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, asked
j and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
I to authorize the accounting officers of the Treas-
! ury to pay to the State of Florida the money act-
! ually paid and expended in quelling Indian hos-
tilities, under the act of 27th of February, 1851;
which was read a firet and'second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT. The hour of one o'clock
j having arrived, the order assigning to-day for the
I consideration of private bills must be executed.
1 Mr. BRIGHT. I move to suspend the execution
: of the order requiring private bills to be taken up
to the exclusion of all other business on this day,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. PRAT1. I hope the motion will not pre-
vail. It seems to be a settled practice on every
Friday, no matter what busifiess may be before
the Senate, to make a motion to postpone the con-
sideration of private bills. The day before yes-
terday the Senate was occupied the whole session
in debating the question whether a certain officer
j should receive $3,000 or §2,500 salary; yesterday
[ we had an able speech from the Senator from
j Maine [Mr. Hamlin] on the subject of the fish-
eries, and the balance of the day was consumed
with this Indian appropriation bill, and nothing
was done with it, but it passed over. To-day
being Friday, and private bills being the special
order of the day under a resolution of the Senate,
as a matter of course, a motion must be made to
postpone their consideration. I hope the motion
will not prevail. At any rate, I ask the yeas and
nays, so that my constituents may see that I am
attending to the interests of the claimants on the
Government.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no disposition to waste
time in discussing the motion which I have made;
but the honorable Senator from Maryland is a
little mistaken as to one fact. The Indian appro-
priation bill was before the Senate yesterday, and
engaged the attention of the Senate almost the en-
tire day.
Mr. PRATT. No vote was had upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have made this motion for
the reason that 1 believe the public interests will
1 be promoted, if the Senate will agree to it. The
Indian appropriation bill is an important bill; and
following it is the civil and diplomatic bill, which
will be sent to us from the House, I understand,
either to-day or to-morrow, and I think it im-
portant that the Senate should dispose of this bill,
that we may take that up as soon as it comes to us.
I feel that I am doing my duty in presenting the
motion. The Senate can vote it down, if they
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and ;
resulted—yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bright, 1
Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Davis, De Saus"iir«,
Felch, Foot, Geyer, Gvvin, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, King, Mason, Norris, Sebastian, Smith, Spruance,
Toucey, and Underwood—25.
NAYS— Meters. Adams, Borland, Chase, Clarke, Clem-
ens, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douirla-?, Fish, Ilamlin,,
Houston, Mallory, Meriwether, Miller, Pratt, Seward#
-Soule, Stockton, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Oa motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives tf making appropriation for the current
{ and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
4 merit, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations, with
* various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
c30th, 1853." The pending amendment of the
Committee on Finance was tp strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
" For the payment to the Shawnees of moneys duethera
under and by virtue of the treaties of the 7th of November,
183o, and 8th of August, 1831, between the United States
and the two divisions offcaid tribe of Indians, the same beinff
tlie net balance received into the Treasury for the pale of
their lands in Ohio,$66,246 23: Aoverer/fhatsaid
tribe of Indians shall fir*t express then assent lhat the pay-
ment of the above sum shall be made equally to the whole
tribe* rather than to either division theieof  
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved to amend the clause
proposed to lie stricken out by striking out th®
proviso, beginning with the words " Provided,
however^' and inserting in lieu of it the following:
To be paid to the whole nation of Sliawnees residing
upon the Kansas per capita, but upon the following eon-
ditionn : First, that the Shawnee* shall, by home valid act
of tlie national authorities, to be pi escribed by the Secre-
tary ot the Intcuor, agice to receive paid money jn com-
mon Second, that they will bold in common, one na-
tion, flie lands aligned by the treaty of 1835. Third, that
all claim of the Ohio SluiwneiN to the exclusive cant ot
100,000 acres, under the treaty of 1831, be torever released.
The first question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Sebastian.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of stating to the Senate that I have just received a
letter written by George W. Ewing, for Captain
Joseph Parks, of the Shawnee delegation. He
states some facts, and refers to some documents
growing out of the debate of yesterday; and I will
request the Secretary to read the letter, so that the
statement of the Indian chiefs, in regard to this
matter, may belaid before the Senate.
The Secretary accordingly read the letter, as
follows:
Washington, rfugustSfh, 1852.
Dear Sir ; Captain Joseph Park*, of the Shawnee dele-
gation, now here, desires to state, that the Shawnee nation
first made application for their 100,(JQOacie^of land (under
the treaty of 1831) in the year 1835. by communication made
through their agent, Major K. W. Cummins, to the War De-
partment, and that they continued to urge this claim in thi<*
way, through their agent, up to tlie year 1842. That then a
delegation J>f their people came on to this city to urge this
claim, and in the year 1844 they were again hen; urging it.
That in November, 1849, they again Kent a delegation here,
fully authorized by tlie nation, and wnh letters from their
auent, Major Luke Lea, to the honorable Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and that from that time to this they have been
prosecuting this claim, for their money in theTreasury ofth®
United States, say $66,246 ; that their authority from their
nation, and their letters from their agent, of November, 1849,
on tile in the Indian Department, will fully show this ; that
their authority and letters, which they brought on this last
time, dated in March last, do not renew then authority about
the 100,000 acres land claim, because they had already full
authority on file for that, butitauthoiizesthem more particu-
larly to look after their moneys funded by the United States.
The foregoing statement will show that it is not n. new
thing, nor a recent application on the part of the Shawnee
nation, but that in truth and fact they have been asking for
the land, or for their money, ever since 1835, now seventeen
years past.
Captain Parks was in the Senate yesterday, and heard
the debates on their claim, and he thinks u is but right that
the truth should be known as to this.
It is no new or after-thought with the Shawnee nation,
for they over believed that they weie entitled, undfr the
treaty of 1831, to 100,000 acre5' of land from the United
State*-, and not from themselves nor from their Missouri
fnemU, out of lands which belonged to them nx years be-
fore they made, their treaty in Ohio, and sold the United
States their valuable larnN In that State. Much of their
Ohio Sands they sold, would doubtles& now sell tor $20 or
$30 per acre.
I remain, with great respect, your most obedient servant,
GEO. W. EYVING.
Hon. J. R. Underwood. United States Senator.
Mr. BRIGHT. That letter, I presume, is in-
tended as a reply to a part of what was said yes-
terday by the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Beli..] 1 understood that Senator to state
this was the first session of Congress at which a
claim had been set up for the money proposed to
be appropriated in the clause which the Finance
Committee moved to strike out of the hiil. I un-
