me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
unanimous consent. When he refused that, and
insisted upon giving compliments that had never
before been given to any man of this or any other
country—when it was thus determined that this
Hall should be converted into a sort of parade
ground, to show off a foreigner who came to us
announcing that he wants none of our compli-
ments, but wished to turn our Government from
that policy recommended by our patriot fathers,
and the pursuit of which had led us to our present
national glory,—I determined, in the representa-
tion which I should give for my constituents, to
vote against it, and I did so. So far as relates to
what are termed the " factious movement" to
which my colleague [Mr. Giddings] alluded, I
understood him to charge that his State had been
degraded by the vote which had been given by his
colleagues with the minority upon this question.
That is the reason I sought to make an explana-
tion. I did not design to interfere in the private
and personal affairs between him and my other
colleague, [Mr. Taylor,] which I regretvery much
has taken place. I did not design to assail my
colleague from the northern district, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] and shall never do so, unless it becomes
necessary in my own defence; and he knows full
well, that whenever he is disposed to present such
an occasion, I am not the man to shrink fron^the
responsibility or the consequences.
During the progress of the pioceedings upon
this Kossuth resolution, I voted always, when
we were in committee, for the purpose of making
a quorum, because I wished to bring the House
to a direct vote, in order that X might .vote
with that minority, whether Northern or South-
ern, "Eastern or Western, and thereby give to
letter-writers,newspaper editors, and perhaps pol-
iticians at home, who may desire political promo-
tion, an opportunity of assailing me for it, should
they think proper to do it. I voted with them
upon a principle, and wherever a principle is in-
volved,! shall not inquire who votes with, or who
votes against ine. In relation to the other ques-
tions incidentally connected with this Kossuth re-
ception, I do not propose now to say anything.
It has been charged that certain of my colleagues
have, by their votes, misrepresented their con-
stituents. I will leave each one to take care of
himself, knowing that all are competent to that
task. They are (all capable of doing that upon
the other side of the House as welt as upon this.
I will endeavor to take care of myself without their
aid, or the aid of any one else here. So far as the
views of my constituents are concerned, this is a
matter of neither interest to my colleagues, nor to
those who voted with or against me upon the prop-
osition. I have only to say, if there is any person
in this House who cares to know it; that my con-
stituents, let the fate of Kossuth and Hungary be
what it may, intend to stand firmly and resolutely
by the policy of Washington and Jefferson, and
the wise men who have gone before us. That is
the sentiment of my constituents as far as I have
been enabled to learn it; and if there was anything
covered up by that resolution giving extraordinary
compliments to Louis Kossuth, by which it was
intended that the impression should be made upon
this country, or any other, that we are prepared to
involve this country in almost endless European
wars, I feel now more authorized than I did when
I gave the vote to say, that my constituents are
against it. Deeply as they sympathize with the
man, ardently as they advocate the great princi-
ples of " equal rights," for which he is said to
contend, and anxious as they may be to have re-
publican institutions extended all over the world,
yet they are not prepared to involve this country
in those struggles which must bring darkness and
despair upon our own happly land. They are
not prepared to authorize a vote in this House or
elsewhere, that will bring that dark and gloomy
hour upon us, when, through entanglements with
foreign nations and fierce and bloody wars with
European powers, our own proud and glorious Re-
public shall be numbered with the nations of the
earth that have been, but are not. I have now, Mr.
Chairman, said all I designed to say, until a
proper occasion arises for a discussion of^the pol-
icy to be pursued by us in our future intercourse
with other nations.
Mr GIDDINGS. I wish to reply a word to
that portion of my colleague's remarks, in which
he charges me with delaying to answer his charge.
Mr. Chairman, you will bear witness to th«
solicitude with which I appealed to you 011 the
day of my colleague's attack, to give me the floor.
In consequence of-- this personal assault which he
had made upon me, so far from a desire to refrain
answering my colleague, I strove for the-#oorthe
very instant he closed his remarks. I tried nearly
the whole day to obtain the floor, and I went to
the Chairman and told him that I was personally
assailed by my colleague, and solicited nim to give
me an opportunity to reply. He, however, felt it
his duty—and for it 1 certainly cast no censure
upon him—to give the floor to others upon that
day and the day following. I made the effort
when we went again into committee—and we
have been in committer but oncc since—but was
unsuccessful. I have been successful to-day, and
I want my colleague to understand, that his as-
saults are not outlawed, and that when a man
assails me personally in this Hall, charging me
with malicious misrepresentation, I will meet him
on the first occasion.
My colleague, at the close of his remarks, said,
if I should say that I did not intentionally and
willfully misrepresent him, he would withdraw
what he had said. The very first remark 1 made
after I stated the facts was, that I was not conscious
those resolutions had been amended. I told him
so in the presence of the House, of the committee,
and the country; and now, sfr, I shall not repeat
it. I have generally been accustomed, amongst
gentlemen, to have my word taken when I speak it
once. So much for that.
Again: my colleague said, if I had set this mat-
ter right he should have found no fault, and that
he now rises as much to defend the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, as himself,
and I want the ear of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. What did the gentleman say ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say that my colleague
said, he now rises more to protect the gentleman
from Virginia, than to vindicate himself, or to that
effect, as I understood him. Now the gentleman
from Virginia and myself had a conversation in
regard to this matter, and he appeared perfectly
satisfied. At no time has he intimated any dis-
satisfaction. He does not hesitate to speak his
views, and I in return tell him mine. I do not
think he will feel under particular obligations to
my colleague for defending him. He generally
speaks for himself, and is able to inform the House
if he felt aggrieved under the remarks I made. I
know he does not feel aggrieved in the least.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,] at whom my remarks were aimed more
than at my colleague, after searching and search-
ing, and finding that the resolutions were amended,
came and told me they were amended. I then
said to the gentleman that I would, in my pub-
lished remarks, see that the resolution was inserted
as amended, and as it was adopted. He declared
himself perfectly satisfied. Soon after my col-
league came around to my desk, and told me that
Mr. Venabi.e had told him the resolutions were
amended.
Mr. TAYLOR. Idid not so state. I went to the
gentleman, when I found these resolutions had been
sent to the Clerk's desk. He had before him the
Congressional Globe, which I- could not then get;
and he then said "that Mr. Venable told him
there was a mistake about the matter—that neither
of us had voted for the resolutions which were
read." When I complained to him of his mis-
representing me, by alleging that I voted for a
series of resolutions when I had not done so, he
said " he would correct it in the report;" but how
did he correct it? He published the resolutions in
regard to Prance—entirely different ones—and not
Cummings's resolutions as amended, but those
sent to us from the Senate. I did not vote upon
Cummings's resolutions. The vote was never
taken upon them nor were they amended. Now,
the gentleman thinks they were amended. I do
not believe they ever were amended. The Senate
resolutions superseded them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no doubt my col-
league represents this matter as he understands it. j
For myself, I do not undertake to say how he
understood it, but I say that the gentleman came j
to me, and as I understood him, stated what I i
have said, and I then told him, thatl had corrected j
it by requesting the Reportors to report the reso- :
lutions as adopted, and for which he voted, and I j
then understood him to be entirely satisfied, J
Mr. TAYLOR. I did not express any satis-
faction about it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague then did not
cast any imputation upon me, of having mis-
represented him, or of having intended to mis-
represent him; but, upon the contrary, gave me
to understand that he wa's perfectly satisfied.
One word more in regard to others of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Barrere and Mr. Campbell.] i
had no intention of alluding to them in any man-
ner whatever. And I will say here, that not a
man of the entire generation of members with
whom I served in this Hall, and who have now
passed away, nor one of those men holding & seat
here, was ever personally assailed by me, except
in self-defence; nor while I hold a seat here shall
any member upon this floor wantonly charge me
with malicious falsehood and escape unscathed.
One word as to the speech of my colleague about
Kossuth and slavery. Is this the place and this
the occasion for my colleague to rise and make a
speech in regard to slavery—to be eternally agita-
ting that agitating subject? [Laughter.] Why,
here I call upon him to correct a misrepresenation,
and he commences his speech with slavery.
[Laughter.] Let me tell him and this committee,
this question of slavery is one which, from the
time I first took my seat in this Hall, I have not
hesitated to discuss upon all proper occasions.
When I do hesitate to meet it, upon all such occa-
sions, let my right arm drop from its socket, but
let me protest against these agitators. [Laughter.]
Why, you cannot say anything in regard to Kos-
suth and about Hungary, or about any other sub-
ject, but there are men upon this floorwho will see
the ghost of slavery, abolition, free-soil, or some-
thing, else rising up before them; and at it they
will go wind-mill fashion, waging war against it.
What provocation has my colleague to come out
and assail the Free-Soil party, the Abolitionists, or
the public press ? Why, does not the public senti-
ment of our State stare him in the face and point
him to a speedy political grave to which it will con-
sign the man who tramples upon the popular sen-
timent of the day? I very much apprehend, when
the proper occasion arrives, these agitators will
force me into a speech upon this question of sla-
very, [laughter] and then let me tell you, that the
gentleman will be as silent and dumb as an adder.
You will not coax him into a reply or a speech
when I shall come forward and in a legitimate
course of argument assail the positions he has so
long occupied; but here, out of time, out of place,
and out of order, he pitches into it, as the saying
is out West, with a perfect looseness. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman from
Ashtabula [Mr. Giddings] yield the floor to his
first colleague? [Mr. Taylor.]
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not mean to follow the
example of the gentleman 
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] rises to a point of order.
Mr. OLDS. My question of order is this—
that no gentleman has a right to occupy the floor
more than once. My other colleague [Mr. Tay-
lor] rises to a personal explanation and occupies
the floor for half an hour, and if this thing is to
go on there will be no end to it. I want the floor
for five minutes for personal explanation. '
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to relievemycol-
league, however, I will simply say, as this is a
controversy between my two colleagues upon the
right, [Messrs. Giddings and Taylor,] I have
myself nothing more to say. Having made a few
remarks in respect to my personal connection in
the matter, I yielded the floor to my furthest col-
league, [Mr. Giddings,] because he was connect-
ed with the controversy; and I had just now
yielded the floor to my colle^jue from the Ross
district, [Mr. Taylor.] I rise again to say that
I yield the floor unconditionally.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] had yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr, Giddings] to make a per-
sonal explanation. Then he yielded it to another
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] for personal
explanation. It is legitimate, in the opinion of
the Chair, for one gentleman to yield the floor for
a personal explanation; but it is not legitimate for
him to yield it for the purpose of making a speech.
Mr. OLDS. I know I can hardly claim the at-
tention of the committee at this late hour of the
day. I do not propose to detain them five minutes.
