1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
I do not rise for the purpose of entering into this
fight between my colleagues upon the other side of
the House. I trust that when this committee shall
again have under consideration the bounty land
bill they will provide that these gentlemen shall
have bounty land for services rendered the country,
fighting in this buck-shot war. [Laughter.] My
friend from the Scioto district, [Mr. Taylor,] be-
ing a wily politician, has made some insinuations
at this time which I am called upon to notice, be-
ing from the same State. I propose to notice his
great devotion to the names of General Jackson
and James Madison. He made the remark, that
if these illustrious dead should rise and appear
before the American people, there would not be
the same exertion to tender honors to them as in
the case of Kossuth. Why lias my friend from
the Scioto district become so devotedly attached to
the names of Madison and Jackson as this, that
he places them among the great men of the coun-
try? The gentleman has been a party man—he
has always given his allegiance as a party man;
and when the illustrious Jackson was alive, and a
candidate for the highest honors before the Ameri-
can people, he belonged to the party that carried
the coffin hand-bills to blacken the name of that
great man. Why does he rise now and place him
before the American people as one of those to
whom they will not pay honor before they would
to the name of Kossuth? It is not to that rCmark
paiticularly to which X wish to call the attention
of the committee. I have observed that he is a
party man. He knows the condition of his party
now. He sees the handwriting upon the wall,
and he knows full well what the interpretation of
that handwriting is. Does he stand here for the
purpose of giving information 
Mr. TAYLOR, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question? 1 will
ask him if he was not opposed to Jackson, and if
he did not at one time belong to the Whig party
in Ohio ?
Mr. OLDS, (resuming.) I will reply to the gen-
tleman. I once belonged to the Whig party; but
I have done works meet for repentance. Has my
colleague changed his views relative to General
Jackson and James Madison, as I have mine.
Sir, what I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to at this time is this: the gentleman being a
party man, and seeing the handwriting upon the
wall, and knowing well the interpretation, -wishes
to speak upon this floor, not for the ears oMem-
bers, but so that it will reach the ears of SoiMiern-
ers—men who will be called before a year shall
have elapsed to vote for another presidential candi-
date. What is the insinuation of my colleague? It
is, that these Northern fanatics—Free-Soilers and
Abolitionists—are uniting with the Democracy
for the purpose of getting the ascendency in this
country. How long is it since my friend from the
Scioto ciistrict [Mr. Taylor] has eschewed all con-
nection with abolitionism and free-soilism in Ohio ?
How long is it since his party has eschewed all
connection of that kind? Has not his party, in
Ohio, been united with every ism in the country?
Did not his party unite with Anti-Masonry for
the purpose of political ascendency ? Has not his
party in Ohio for years perambulated that State,
cajoled, coaxed, and courted Abolitionism and
Free-Soilism, for the purpose of gaining the power
of the State? Did they in their convention of the
3d July dare to come out and express any opinion
upon the compromise measures, on one side or
the other? No, sir. They did not dare do it: an
important election was soon to come off. Free-
Soil votes were necessary to their success. They
evaded the question by merely saying the " com-
promise was not a Whig measure." But in order
to conciliate the Free-Soil vote of Ohio, what did
they do ? They nominated as one of their candi-
dates for the supreme bench of the State, a man
who declared in the convention that amended the
constitution of our State, that office should not be
bestowed upon or withheld from any man on ac-
count of the color of his skin, and that if there was
a black man in his county qualified to discharge the
duties of magistrate, and the people approved of
him for that office, he had no objection to his fill-
ing it. They took this man as one of their can-
didates for the bench of the supreme court of Ohio,
in order to conciliate the Free-Soil party. But the
bait did not take. The Free-Soilers held then-
separate convention, and nominated a full ticket.
What then, sir, did the gentleman's party do?
Why it was said—though I do not make the charge
upon this floor—that their candidates for State aud-
itor and State treasurer bargained with the Free-
Soil candidate to withdraw from the contest, so
that they might get the Free-Soil vote. This I do
know and'here assert: just upon the eve of the elec-
tion, and when it was too late for the Free-Soilers to
call a new convention, the Whig candidatefor treas-
urer of the State visited the neighborhood of the
residence of the Free-Soil candidate, who shortly
afterwards declined the nomination of the Free-Soil
party. Upon this,'the Central Committee of the
Free-Soil party came out in a circular, in which
they said that they would not direct the name of
the Whig candidate to be printed upon their ticket;
yet they should feel constrained to vote for him;
and recommended the Free-Soilers to do likewise,
because the nominating committee of the Free-
Soil convention had, in their first report, named
the Whig candidate as the Free-Soil candidate
also. But now, when the election is over, and
when the Democrats of Ohio have triumphed by
ten thousand majority over the Whigs and Free-
Soilers combined, and elected a clean Democratic
ticket from end to end, noto my friend from the
Ross district [Mr. Taylor] rises on this fioorand
denounces the Free-Soil party, who are no longer
of any use, and declares to the Democrats of the
South that the Free-Soilers are in league with the
Democrats of the North. The gentleman is a
wily politician.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will my col-
league give way for a single question ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL: 1 do not undertake to say
that some of the remarks of my colleague in rela-
tion to the Whig party of Ohio are not true. It
is very true that the W hig party of that State have
uniformly declared themselves opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery, &c.; but if 1 understand the
current of the gentleman's remarks, he desires to
cast some sort of odium upon the Whig party for
having taken that position. Now, 1 rise merely
for the purpose of making an inquiry of the gen-
"tleman, as he is going over in detail the political
proceedings of our State, and that is, whether it
was not the Democratic party of Ohio who elected
totheSenateof the United States the present senior
Senator, Mr. Chase? I put that question to my
colleague for the purpose of showing that the
Democratic party, as well as the Whig party, has
been indulging in that way somewhat. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. T am glad to have an opportunity
to reply to that point, for it appears to me that
there is a point there, and if the House will in-
dulge me a moment, I will tell an anecdote in rela-
tion to it. The anecdote was told me by Colonel
Powell, of Kentucky, now the Democratic Gov-
ernor of that State. There was an old man away
down in his neighborhood who was always a can-
didate for office, and when a candidate published
long political essays to the country. His name
was Jones, and he had been so long a candidate for
office that they called him " Live-forever Jones."
One fine day he came to Colonel Powell and said:
" Colonel, I have got a political essay that 1 wish
to have your opinion upon." The Colonel took
it and read it through, and then remarked that it
was very well written, but that he could see no
pointin it. " You cannotsee any point in it?"said
Jones; and then he took the essay and read it over
paragraph by paragraph. Still the Colonel said
that although it was very well written, excellent
grammar,good rounded periods, still he could see
no point in it. " Well," said the old man, " that's
just what I want; now I've got my essay with-
out any point; for when I make a point, they
always get on a point." [A laugh.] It strikes
me that my friend over the way has made a point,
and I should not be surprised if I got him on
thai point. Now, who was the alternative of-
fered to the Democrats when they elected Mr.
Chase to the United States Senate? Who was
the candidate of the Whig party ? Why, Tom
Ewing—"Butcher Tom," as he is called—was
a candidate, and Tom Corwin was a candidate.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh no; he did not need to
1 be a candidate, for he was then m the Senate of
! the United States, and his term had not expired.
! Mr. OLDS. ' My friend is right: Mr. Corwin
! had already been rewarded, by an election by the
! Whigs and Free-Soilers of Ohio, in part payment
1 of important services rendered his party in per-
j ambulating the Western Reserve, pretending to
have a letter in his pocket from General Taylor to
the Free-Soilers of Ohio, pledging the General to
the maintenance of the Wilmot proviso, though he
was never willing to show the letter. Such Was
the man who had been elected Senator by, the
Whigs, and Tom Ewing was no better; and
the Democrats of Ohio, by a combination with
the Free-Soilers, elected a man who, although a
Free-Soiler, was a thorough, radical Democrat-
right upon the tariff—right upon the currency—
right upon all the great radical questions of the
Democracy of Ohio, with the exception, perhaps,
of this slaspy question. There was, perhaps,
one point on which he may have differed from the
Democrats of Ohio, but being right on all others,
what were the Democrats to do? Were they to
sit still and see " Butcher Tom "sent to the Senate#
rather than vote for Mr. Chase, who is a thor-
ough, radical Democrat upon all questions but
upon the question of slavery? But pray, who is
the junior Senator from the State of Ohio [Mr.
Wade] who was elected last winter by a combi-
nation of the Whigs and Free-Soilers? Does he
not go the same length as Mr. Chase upcin the
slavery question? But such has been the state of
things in Ohio, that the Free-Soil party have held
the balance of power, and both parties have been
obliged to coalesce with them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to know of my col-
league, whether he intends publicly before the -
nation to declare, that both parties are under the
control of, and obligations to, the Free-Soilers?
[Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. That is the very point at which
I was about to arrive, and the very point that my
friend from the Ross district [Mr. Taylor] is trying
to avoid now, by severing the connection between
the Whigs and Free-Soilers. Yes, the Free-Soilers
have held the control of the State elections. The
Legislature was so organized that neither the Dem-
ocratic party nor the Whig party had a majority
of all the votes upon joint ballot, and therefore, in
the election of a United States Senator or a State
officer, the Free-Soilers held the balance of power,
and the Democrats could not elect a United States
Senator, unless they selected a man who was a
Democrat, it is true, but holding free-soil doctrines.
Sir, the Whigs had taught us the potency of such
means'; they had often practised them. They
have always been more adroit in their use than
the Democracy. They out-generaled us last win-
ter; as manifested in the election of the junior
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] They tried by
skillful mantEuvres to use the Free-Soilers in our
last fall's election; but they failed. The day, as
my friend from the Ross district [Mr. Taylor]
well knows, has gone by when the Free-Soilers
can be of any use to the Whigs of Ohio. The
people of the State have spoken through the ballot-
boxes, and given ten thousand majority for the
Democrats, over both Whigs and Free-Soilers, and
now my colleague [Mr. Taylor] is willing to
coalesce with Southern gentlemen, and would have
Southern Democrats believe that the Northern
Whigs are with them. Let me raise my warning
voice, and say to my Southern friends, Beware of
these Birney Roorbacks! Beware of the Whigs
of Ohio, who have been wedded to the Free-Soil-
ers and Abolitionists, from the first dawn of polit-
ical Free-Soilism in Ohio! But now, when they
can no longer be of any use in obtaining State
power, the gentleman wishes to sever the con-
nection, and he calls upon this House to divorce
the Whig party from that marriage contract made
with the Free-Soil party of Ohio. He wishes now
to take to his bosom the Southern people, and to
make them believe that the Whigs of Ohio have
been standing up for the peculiar institutions of
the South. The gentleman would give the im-
pression, by his argument on this floor, that the
Northern Democrats are against the people of the
South, and that the Northern Whigs are on
their side, and yet when you look at the record of
the vote on the passage of the fugitive slave bill,
you will find twenty-seven Northern Democrats
to three Northern Whigs, vt^ingforthat measure—
although I admit that my colleague was one of
those three.
I care nothing about this Kossuth vote; it is a
meie matter of moonshine with me. I care noth-
ing about the quarrel between my two colleagues;
but let me give the cheering intelligence to the
House, that my colleague from the Ashtabula
district [Mr. Giddings] holds a decided advantage
