1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
have got into the hands of honest persons in
many cases. There is a great difference in the
character of the contracts themselves. Some have
been taken at exorbitant rates—rates nearly double
what were given in other cases; and this alone
creates suspicion. The Senator from California
[Mr. Weller] states, I believe, that fifteen cents
per pound for beef was paid, when it might have
been obtained for eight cents. The prices of
brood-cows varied from $60 to $75; and, if 1 un-
derstand the Senator right, they should not have
exceeded thirty.
Mr. WELDER. Twenty.
Mr. PEARCE. What we desire now is w*tto
ascertain the amount. There is no difficulty
about that. The Senator from Wisconsin is per-
fectly right in saying that we shall be made ac-
quainted with that soon enough. What we want
is, to ascertain the manner in which the contracts
were made—not that they can be wholly ex-
cused—but to know whether there is anything
connected with them which may go to palliate
their being made, so that, if it be so, some sort of
compensation may be made for the beef which has
been furnished to the Indians. This information
cannot be obtained without some trouble. 1 am
• told that the Indian agents would have<to abandon
their proper duties to investigate this matter.
The circumstance which the Senator from Cali-
fornia has stated m regard to the Superintendent
of Indian Affairs, makes it entirely proper that the
duty should not be charged upon him. He has
had some connection with the parties there, and
has some knowledge of their contracts, and he
feels that it would be indelicate for him to sit in
judgment upon them. He has given his opinion
•in one case already, which makes it improper for
the Government to impose such a duty upon him.
Whether $10,000 is too large a sum to be ap-
propriated for the purpose, or not, I am not pre-
pared to say; but I presume that no more of the
sum which is appropriated will be^expended than
is necessary to accomplish the object. It will be
necessary to have an agent appointed whoisanum
of sound discretion, and of intelligence, and of
firmness, so that he may impartially and fairly
examine all the contracts out of which these claims
have arisen. Possibly, when we have the whole
information, w"e may not feel compelled to pay all
the claims. If we were called upon to act with
no more information than we have at present, I
should be opposed to paying any of them. 1 de-
sire to have proper persons appointed to make the
investigation.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator fiom Maryland
says that the object of this appropriation is not to
ascertain the amount of those claims which may
be due, hut to ascertain the circumstances under
which these debts were contracted. He admits
that these claims will be presented to the Govern-
ment quite as soon as the Government is ready to
discharge them, and that when they are present-
ed, it is for us to judge of the propriety of paying
them.
I have listened with great attention to the re-
marks of the Senator from Maryland, and also
those of the Senator from California, in regard to
the propriety of excusing the Superintendent of
Indian Affairs from investigating one class of
these claims. They say that the Superintendent
is so intimately connected with one of the parties
that it would be improper and indelicate to devolve
that duty upon him. Sir, I remember an old
couplet which appears to me to have a striking
applicability to this case:
tc While the lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest tinner may return.n
[Laughter.] I am glad to see that, in the last ex-
piring hours of this Administration, it is about
to return to a due sense of propriety in view of its
acts. There was a time, sir, when not only a
connection—an intimate connection, if you will—
with the persons having claims against the Gov-
ernment, was not regarded as improper, but even
a connection with the debt itself was not regarded
as any impediment in the way of the officers of
the Administration. There was once one Craw-
ford, who was not only connected with the parties
in such a case, but was connected with the debt
itself, by which he contrived to put $100,000
into his pocket. There is another, who now holds
office, and who labors under the suspicion of
having obtained a large amount of a claim while
acting as Secretary of the Treasury; and, sir, it
is truly gratifying to humbler mortals to hear and
to see this Administration returning to a proper
sense of duty and propriety in view of their rela-
tions to persons who have claims against the Gov-
ernment. I am pleased to think that the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs is to be relieved from
the investigation of this matter. In all probability
these.claims will be made out and brought here
with great promptness and facility; but it appears
that, to save the delicate feelings of the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, he is to be relieved from
the duty of this investigation, at an expense of
§10,000; that a special agent is to be sent to Cal-
ifornia in order that he may ascertain our indebt-
edness, and the circumstances under which that
indebtedness was contracted, while, at the same
time, it is acknowledged that the agents of the
Government, who contracted these debts, had no
authority to contract them; while one has re-
signed, another been removed, and a third retained,
in order that he may obligingly furnish informa-
tion in regard to claims which smell very strongly
of fraud, m which he is suspected of being a par-
ticipator !
Sir, to ask Congress to make an appropriation
of $10,000, under such circumstances, and for such
purposes, is the most extraordinary thing that ever
was heard of. We have a Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs here, and we have agents in Califor-
nia where these debts are said to have been con-
tracted, and yet we are to appropriate $10,000 to
send out a special agent to find out and hunt up
claims against the Government! I hope, sir, that
we shall wait until these claims are brought in by
the claimants themselves, when we shalf be able
to investigate them, and judge of the purity of
them, so far as they can be proved to be pure,and
when we can pay what it is proper should be paid,
and reject what it is proper should be rejected.
According to this proposition, however, it is pro-
posed that theGovernmentshalltakeiheinitiative,
and expend $1U,0U0 to ascertain whether there are
any claims against the Government, and if so,
whether they are just. Sir, when these claims
are brought forward—as they will be cine day or
other, and that, too, no doubt, all m good time—
we can determine their justice and the propriety
of paying; them. That seems to me to be the most
economical way, and it occurs to me, also, that it
is the most just and honest way of transacting this
business.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to reply to the insinuations of the Senator
from Wisconsin against the purity and honesty
of this Administiation. When that Senator makes
a specific charge, it will be time enough to answer
him. 1 believe that the personal integrity of the
members of the Administration has never been 1
questioned by anybody. In regard to this partic-
ular matter, I presume they do not cam a. s'raw
what the Senate may do, or what Congiess may
do. They will not pay the claims.
Mr. WALKKR. That is n hi.
Mr. PICA ROE, They never authorized the
contracts; they rebuked the making of them; bvu
they think it proper to submit the matter to Con-
gress. They supposed that the people of Califor-
nia had rather a deep interest in tins question; that
Rome of them were not liable to tliA charge of being
concerned in these improper and fraudulent pro-
ceedings—if they should turn out to be fraudulent.
They suppose, therefore, that it would be perfectly
proper tnat Congress should possess itself of in-
formation not ex parte. If we i ely upon the claim-
ants, we shall get nothing but ex parte information,
and probably if they aie like claimants m other
parts of the country, they will prove up their case
with the most perfect ability. It has been sup-
posed that it might be judicious, perhaps, to have
an investigation on our side—one not intended to
facilitate the passage of the claims of theseparties,
hut to guard the Government against any injury.
If Congress does not think proper to make this
appropriation, be it so. The Administration have
not the slightest, interest in the business, except
so far as they desire to see everything done justly,
and to furnish Congress with the information
which will enable them to act justly.
Mr. GW1N". The subject of these contracts
was discussed very fully in the Senate some time
ago, and I then said all about them that I care to
say. I wish now, however, to say a few words
in regard to this appropriation, which I favored,
in committee, as an amendment to this bill.
The Senator from Wisconsin has commented
on the desire of the Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs to be relieved from this investigation. When
that gentleman received his appointment, he did
not anticipate that any such duty would be im-
posed upon him. The subject had not come up
at that particular time; and long before he antici-
pated any connection with the Government, di-
rectly or indirectly, lie had been called upon by a
friend of one of the contractors to make a state-
ment, first, in regard to the necessity that existed at
ihat time, considering the situation of the country
and the state of Indian affairs, for making the con-
tracts; and, in the second place, in regard to the
amount that was to be paid for the beef. My col-
league lias stated the price of beef in the southern
portion of the State. It is very true that an ounce
a head was the price there generally; but the cattle
had to be driven hundreds of miles, and the ex-
pense of driving them was much greater than that
of purchasing them. One of my colleagues in the
other House has also given a statement to the
same purport as that of the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, with regard to the price.
I have been told that this beef could have been
furnished at a much less cost. I was told so by
an officer of the army in California. But from a
subsequent examination I have great doubts
whether it could have been furnished at that time
in that section of the State at a much less price.
The main point now, however, is to know whether
it was furnished, and whether it was issued to the
Indians. It is an- investigation of that matter
which we wish.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that this case,
as the Senator from Maryland says, will come
up. I have no doubt that there have been very
serious charges made against the officers who
made those treaties; but the Senator from Mary-
land is entirely mistaken in one respect. Although
McKee denies that he had anything to do with the
contracts, he is altogether mistaken, for the very
documents before us acknowledge that he has over-
drawn the nppropi iation $32,000 in contracts.
He is one of the offuers who made the contracts.
Although he did not go into the hundred thou-
sands he went into the thousands. So every one
of these officets is implicated.
Mr. BROOTIEAD. What amount did Con-
giess appropriate''
Mr.GWIN. The whole appropriation made
by Congress was $50,000: and the expenditures
were about vU,000,U00. All these commiss" ners
are implicated, i think it is due to the country,
arid u is due io those gentlemen, who were men of
character when they received their appointments,
but against whom the most, serious charges are
now raised—they are charged with having fraud-
ulently and corruptly made these contracts—that
the charter should lie investigated. The Super-
inreik'cn: of Indian Affairs has other and import-
ant dubes to perform, that be should lie required
to peiforoi at once, looking to the future' inter-
course of this Government with the Indians.
These treaties have greatly embarrassed the In-
dian ntfanN m that countty. If the Superintend-
ent discharges his duty, he will have enough to do,
without turning back to go info the of testi-
mony which will necessarily he brought forward
in relation to these claims. I want him to go for-
ward.
I hope, for one, that what the Senatorfrom Mis-
souri saul should take place, will take pk" p. It
0114IJ to have taken phce long ago. hi justice to
the Go\ernment. new agents should have been
appointed there. I do not pretend that the charges
made against these men are true, but they ought
to be investigated, and they shnnM be relieved
fr^m them if they are not true. The charges are
of a. most serious character. The commissioners
are charged with being parties to the contracts,
and with having received benefits from them to a
large amount. It is due to the character of the
gentlemen themselves, as well as to the Govern-
ment, that the subject should he investigated.
The whole object of1 the proposed amendment is
to get an individual entirely disconnected with the
contracts to obtain this information; and I should
like very much that one should be obtained who
was never in California—one who should have no
other connection with the country than his mis-
sion to make the investigation. There is a great
deal of character as well as money involved in this
matter. Many of the drafts are in the hands of
