330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
prior to 1801 to select committees, session after
session, and now refuse a select committee to an-
other set of claimants standing very much in an
analogous position. 1 do not see why we should
make this distinction. I hope, therefore, that
these memorials will be referred to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. X have not heard any of these
petitions read. In order that I may vote under-
standingly on the subject, I would like to hear
one of them read.
The PRESIDENT. There are a number of
petitions on this subject.
Mr. HALE. Let one of them be read.
Mr. BRADBURY. It would occupy an hour.
0 Mr. HALE. Well, can any one give me an
abstract of one of the petitions ? Do they allege
corruption? because if they do, I believe it. If
there were three millions of money to be disbursed
by the Government without there being corruption
in the transaction, it would form an exception to
the general rule. And if there was not corruption,
if these claims were honestly investigated, whoever
heard of parties litigant going before a tribunal,
and both plaintiff and defendant being satisfied
with the result? 'You have instituted this Commis-
sion, and the money has been, or is about to be
paid out. Some of the parties are dissatisfied and
complain of gross injustice. I. have no doubt of
it in the least. And if you were to institute an-
other commission, and disburse three millions
more, there would be twice as many dissatisfied
then as there are now, and the number of claims
would be increased. Instead of lessening the
amount of the claims, you would increase them;
and you would increase the dissatisfaction. If it
is supposed that by multiplying commissions and
increasing the amount of payments, you would
decrease the amount of dissatisfaction, it will be
found to be a great mistake.
If there be a charge of corruption, I hope it will
be made definite; and I hope the Senate will take
some course to vindicate the Government against
abuses of that sort. But I can tell 'these claim-
ants, that if they are suffering under corruption,
they are not alone, Why, it is said that when
the late President of the United States, General
Taylor, came to take his seat at the head of the
administration of the Government, the poor old
gentleman came with the idea that he was going
to drag this Government back to its original pu-
rity. The task proved too strong for his Hercu-
lean powers, and he fainted and died under it;
and so would any man. It cannot be done. Cor-
ruption is the history of the day, and it will be
found not only in this commission, but in a great
many other places. If there is a charge I hope it
will be made definite. If there is not general dis-
satisfaction; but if there is a definite charge made
of corruption, perjury, forgery, or anything of
that sort, then I would be willing to investigate it,
and go as far as anybody. But if this is merely
£ case where there is dissatisfaction on the part of
claimants on account of their claims not being
paid, it is an idle task, it is perfectly useless, to
undertake to satisfy them. It is for this reason
that I asked for the reading of some one of the peti-
tions, that I might see whether a specific charge
of corruption was preferred against anybody.
The PRESIDENT. One of the memorials
will be read if the Senator desires it.
Mr. DOWNS. I can state briefly the nature of
the memorials.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to take the statement
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire is mistaken in supposing that
the memorialists charge corruption. I understand
them to charge no such thing. But they do charge
that injustice has been done them; that there is a
mystery aboutthematter; that the investigation has
not been as public as such things ought to be; that
they were never informed until tlie Board had
closed its sessions of the nature of the objections
to their claims, although they were promised an
opportunity; and that, finally, the grounds of the
decisions and all the papers were sent to the office
of the Secretary of State, and there sealed up.
These memorialists do not ask that their claims
should be paid as they represent them; but they
state the circumstances under which the awards of
the Board were made; and that previously some of
those claims which have now been rejected, were
allowed by Boards of Commissioners of as high
respectability as any board that ever sat on sim-
ilar claims. They complain that claims have been
rejected by the late Board of Commissioners, and
that no reasons for their rejection had been made
public, or placed in a form to be accessible to the
claimants. They ask that this veil of secrecy,
which is so inconsistent with our course of pro-
ceedings generally, in courts of justice and every-
where else, should be removed, and that the mat-
ter should be looked into. It may turn out that
these claims were properly rejected. If so, the
first duty of a select committee, if one should be
appointed, would be to report that fact. In my
opinion these memorialists are justly dissatisfied
with this state of things, and they merely ask that
a committee should look into the matter, and see
if their complaints of injustice are not well found-
ed. If they are well founded, certainly it is the
duty of the Government to interpose and render
them justice.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
when parties go before a tribunal, the disappointed
party will be dissatisfied. But I would ask, have
these parties not a right to be dissatisfied, since
these investigations have not taken the usual
course? Where was the necessity for the pro-
ceedings of the Board to be kept secret ? Why
were not the decisions madeas in all other courts?
Why were not the records open to those persons,
that they might see upon what grounds their
claims were rejected? In all our courts, even in
the highest courts, there is always an opportunity
for a reconsideration and revision of opinions.
What would we think of one of our courts of justice,
whether a subordinate or a supreme court, if, when
they rendered a decision, they should keep it secret,
and keep-the records and documents in the case
a sealed book, not allowing the parties interested
to look into them until the proceedings of the court
were closed, and then to say that their decision
was final and irrevocable, and could never belooked
into ? What sort of justice would that be ?
I know nothing of this transaction except what
I learn from the representations of the memorial-
ists, who are most of them respectable persons;
and I say that they do make out a very strong case
for the investigation of a select committee. That
is all I ask. If the committee, after investigation,
shall report that these claims were rightly disal-
lowed, I shall not have a word to say. But I
think that the memorialists make out a case which
entitles them to have the subject considered by a
/> A YYi Wl lftoQ
ThePRESIDENT. The Chairmustinterpose.
This discussion is not in order. It is not in order
to go into the discussion of the merits of a case
upon the simple question whether the memorials
shall be referred to a select committee or to a
standing" committee.
Mr. MANGUM. T rose for the purpose of
making, in substance, that very remark. No one
present, that I have yet heard, has hinted the
slightest degree of opposition to the reinvestigation
of this matter. The only question before the Sen- '
ate is, whether these memorials shall go to a reg-
ular committee or to a special committee.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to refer these memorials, which have been
presented by the Senator from Louisiana, to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOWNS. My motion was to refer them
to a select committee of five.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is aware of
that, but a motion having been made to refer them
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, that mo-
tion has precedence, and is first to be put.
The motion to refe^fehe memorials to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations was agreed to—ayes
25, noes 12. 9
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That all similar memorials on the files, presented
during the present session, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relation*.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motioq by Mr. W A.DE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Bryan Callaghan
be withdrawn from the flies of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Arabella J. Strong, widow
and executrix of Lorenzo N. Clarke, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the Iowa militia
claim, on the fiiea"of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and that the letters of the Secretary
of War and the Adjutant General, accompanying the same,
be printed.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of McKean Bu-
chanan, a purser in the Navy, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WHITCOMB, it was
Ordered, That the papes relating to the claim of the ad-
mimstiatar of Major Wade, a quartermaster of marines, be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the beiis of Andrew D. Crosby have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George Barrell and 8. V.
S. Wilder, on the* files of the Senate, in behalf of thtim
selves and the other heirs of the owners of the ship " Co-
lumbia'' and sloop " Washington," be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John Watson,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. "UNDERWOOD. I have been requested
to ask leave to withdraw the papers of William
Zolhkofter, who petitioned Congress at the last
session for a pension. J am informed that there
was an unfavorable report in that case, but that it
was not acted upon. These are the facts under
which the petitioner 'desires to withdraw his pa-
pers.
The PRESIDENT. Simply to withdraw
them?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. Am I to understand that the
report made in this case was unfavorable?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It was unfavorable, but
it was never acted on, according to the information
which I have on the subject.
Mr. MANG-UM. It will be a very bad prece-
dent to allow papers to be withdrawn in such
cases. If there be additional testimony, and there
is any purpose on the part of the petitioner to ap-
ply to the Senate for that relief, let the question
be decided when it comes, for on its coming, if I  
understand the rule, the case may again be re-
ferred to a committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. T withdraw the motion.
I think myself that in general it is a bad thing,
andtl would like to ascertain more as to the mo-
tives which induced the petitioner to make the
request.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Charles S. Jackson, submitted a report;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and,
in concurrence therewith,
Ordered, That the Committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of the
citizens of Martinicus, reported a bill to annex the
Island of Martinicus, in the county of Lincoln,
State of Maine, to the collection district of Waldo-
boro', in said county; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of John
S. Maun^ell, reported a bill to admit the Her-
maphrodite brig Sylphide to registry; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
The said bill was read the second time by unan-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and no amendment being made, it was
reported to the Senate.
Ordered, That it be engio&sed and read a third time.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to authorize an exploration
and reconnoissance of the courses of navigation
used by whaling vessels in the regions of Behring's
Straits: and also, of such parts of the China
seas, Straits of Gaspar, and Java sea, as lie di-
rectly in the route of vessels proceeding to and
from China; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
The report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
