1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SSI
to whom was referred the petition of William
Miller, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Ezra Wil-
liams, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill author-
izing thepayment of interest to the State of New
Hampshire for advances made for the use and
benefit of the United States in repelling invasion
and suppressing insurrection at Indian Stream, in
that State, reported it without amendment.
On the motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole; and no amendment being made, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be read a third
time; and it was read a third time and passed.
notice op a bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to introduce a bill to be entitled " An act to re-
vive for a limited time * An act in relation to dona-
tions of lands to certain persons in the State of
Arkansas.5"
books for new senators.
Mr. BADG-ER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Re&lned, That each of the new members of the Senate
be supplied with the same number and description of books
as were furnished to each of the members of the Senate of
the last Congress.
census returns
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Hamlin on the 20th instant, in
relation to the Census returns; and, having been
amended, was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish the Senate with an estimate of the number of
pages which the Census Returns will contain, if the same
shall be completed on the plan now pursued by the Census
Bureau. Also, what part of the same will b® composed of
statistical tables, and what part of other matter; and
whether there are any tables accompanying the same not
designated by law.
william k. latimer.
On the motion of Mr. HALE, the following
resolution was considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the charges, and specifications, and also
the report and opinion of a court of inquiry in the case of
William K. Latimer, and the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy transmitting the same, and the general order in said
case, dated July 1,1851, be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
assignability op land warrants.
The bill to make land warrants assignable,
and for other purposes, which was ordered to a
third reading yesterday, was read a third time and
passed.
general orders.
Mr. GWJN. As 1 understand that the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] is not particu- j
larly anxious to address the Senate to-day on the i
special order, I move that the Calendar be taken j
up, and that we commence our work to-day and j
clear it if possible. I believe that some of the j
questions which were made special orders cannot j
be conveniently proceeded with to-day, and I trust |
that there will be no objection to the course I ha^e :
proposed, and that we may go on and clear the j
Calendar of its business. i
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must call for
the special order unless some motion i^ made to j
postpone it and take up the Calendar.
Mr. GWIN. I make that motion, especially ,
as I learn that the Senator from Massachusetts ,
• [Mr. Davis] will not object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not object if the special ,
order will still occupy its place and con|^ip to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT. It will come up as a mat-
ter or course. .
The question was taken, and the special orders
were all postponed, with the view of proceeding
with the Calendar.
LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
The bill to extend the time for selecting lands
granted to the State of Wisconsin for saline pur-
poses, was taken up for consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported with an amendment to
extend the time to the year 1854.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish the Senator from
Wisconsin would explain the character of this
bill.
Mr. WALKER. 1 will endeavor to do so as
well as I am able. By the act of admission of
Wisconsin into the Union there were certain lands
granted to the State in connection with salt springs
in the same way as lands had been granted to
other States. The Governor of the State, whose
duty it was to select these lands, neglected to do
so in the proper time. The time for. their selec-
tion expired, and since its expiration we have
been endeavoring to get it extended, so that these
lands may be selected. The bill does not propose
to give to the State anything which has not already
been given and to which it is not in equity enti-
tled.
Mr. BADGER. The bill is merely to give
further time for the selection of these lands.
Mr. WALKER. That is all.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a sec-
ond reading.
LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
The PRESIDENT. The next general order
is a bill to extend the time for selecting lands
granted to the State of Michigan for saline pur-
poses.
Mr. PELCH. I move that that bill be passed
over informally. There is another proposition of
a similar nature before the Committee on Public
Lands, and I wish that the two propositions may
be considered together.
The motion was agreed to.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of " A bill sup-
plementary to the several acts of Congress pro-
viding for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled, in whole
or in part, by steam, and for other purposes."
Mr. DAVIS. I think that bill contains some
provisions which are rather novel. I do not ob-
ject to the principle of the bill, if the honorable
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] deems it
necessary for the accommodation of boats upon
the rivers in his State; but it takes away what has
hitherto passed through the collector's office. I
do not precisely see what disposition is to be made
of the certificate, unless it is to be used as a license.
If it is to be used as a license for the vessel, it is
entirely novel, and a departure from the old sys-
tem. I should be glad if the Senator would con
sent to let it lie over long enough to afford an
opportunity to examine it. I do not think I shall
throw any obstacle in the way of the wishes of
the Senator from Arkansas finally.
Mr. BORLAND. I would yield to the sugges-
tion of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
but that this bill has been long delayed. It passed
the Senate at the last session, but did not pass the
House for want of time, and as I deem it very
important that it should be passed, I hope it may
be considered and passed now. I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken with regard to the introduction of
any new principle. It does not interfere with the
existing licenses; they remain under the existing
laws. It simply provides that the vessels may be
required to receive their inspection in other places
than those now specified. If the honorable Sen-
ator will read the last section of the bill, he will
see that it refers to inspection instead of licenses.
I will further state, that when 1 originally intro-
duced this bill, it was to make Arkansas a collec-
tion district, and Little Rock a port of entry; but
before it was acted upon by the Committee on
Commerce, it was sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury. I addressed to him a letter, and in-
formed him precisely what was the object I had
in view, which was to put Arkansas on the same
footing as the other States with regard to the in-
spection of steamboats. Under the general law,
the judges of the district court, within the collec-
tion district, have the power to appoint steamboat
inspectors. But Arkansas is J^ot a collection
district, and the judge of the district court for
Arkansas, therefore, has no such power. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in response to my appli-
cation, had this bill drawn up, saying that the're
was no necessity for the establishment of a new ,
collection district and a new port of entry there,
and that the whole object could be accomplished by
giving the district judge the same power to appoint
inspectors, that the judges have in collection dis-
tricts. The general law, then, is not altered at all
by this bill, with regard to the regulation of steam-
ooats; it simply gives power to the district judge
to appoint inspectors, so that boats may be repaired
there, and thus save the time and expense of going
to a distant part of the country for inspection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would prefer to let this
bill lie over a little while. There is a very extensive
yard for building boats at Paducah, in Kentucky.
That is not a port of entry nor of delivery, and the
judge of our district court resides some two hun-
dred and fifty or three hundred miles from that
place, where a great many steamboats are built.
There is an absolute necessity to have inspectors
of the Boilers and hulls of steamboats -at the ship-
yard at the mouth of the Ohio river, at Paducah.
It is a very important point; and under the Jaw as 1
it is now construed by our district judge, the in-
spectors can only be appointed at ports of entry
or delivery, according to the idea of my friend j
from Massachusetts. Now, this grievance has
been complained of by the people of Paducah, and
with a view to obviate this grievance under which
they suffer, they have petitioned—and I hope that
petition will be duly considered by the Committee
on Commerce—to have a port of delivery at that
point. I feel the same kind of interest in the nav-
igation of the waters of the western rivers which
the Senator from Arkansas expresses, and for the
purpose of seeing how far this bill will apply to
and embrace the waters of Kentucky, as well as
those of Arkansas, I would prefer greatly that it
might lie over for the present, that I may see if it
will not obviate the grievances of the people of
Kentucky as well as those of Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. I am really very sorry that
I cannot consent to the proposition of the Senator
to allow this bill to be laid over. If he has any
change to propose to this bill, so as to accomplish
the object hedesires, I will not object; but itseems
to me this bill contains within itself all that is re-
quired. It does not interfere at all with anyprop-
osition with regard to other States. I dislike to
resist the wish of my friend from Kentucky 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wouldliketo embrace
my own State.
Mr. BORLAND. I would be glad to embrace
Kentucky; but this bill was before Congress at
the first session of the last Congress, and at the
last session again, and was passed here. Now,
this session has advanced somewhat, nearly two
months of the session have passed, and the bill has
now come up in its regular order; and if we pass
it over it will be difficult to get it up again. I re-
peat, that the bill was prepared at the office of fro
Secretary of the Treasury, and that it cannot in-
terfere in any way with The existing general laws
on the same subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend will perceive
that if there is any difficulty m the way of getting
his bill through, in consequence of laying it over
for the present, the difficulty will be far greater
with regard to any one that I might bring forward
for the benefit of Kentucky, for I should have to
commence de novo. My object is to avail myself
of his bill to benefit the people of Kentucky, for
I wish to embrace his popularity to carry the bill.
If I am compelled to introduce a bill, it will be
thrown off to the end of the session, and perhaps
I shall not get anything at all. It will save every-
thing for Kentucky, if he will allow his bill to be
passed over.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall be very glad to oblige
the Senator, and I will yield to the suggestion and
agree to pass over the bill informally, for I wish
to avail myself of his popularity also.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Commerce,
at the last session, reported a bill embracing this
subject very fully, with provisions somewhat new
in regard to the mode of making these inspections,
changing the system and adopting a new plan,
embracing all the waters of the country. That
bill has been committed to the Committee on Com-
merce at this session; we have had it under con-
sideration, and we anticipate an early report on
that subject. It has only been delayed for the
