2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
tion ? I have no doubt the Government ean get
an honest agent, who will make a just and strict
investigation; but when every one admits, that
even after the investigation may be made, the
Government will not be bound to pay the claims,
why should we want to investigate in reference to
them ? Why should we want an investigation in
reference to claims for the payment of which we
are not bound, and which we do not intend to
pay under any possible circumstances ? Enter-
taining this view, 1 shall vote against the amend-
ment which has been proposed.
Mr. CASS. I desired to say before, that no al-
ternation of the amount appropriated will change
my view of the question. My objection is not to
the amount appropriated—it is not to its costing
$10,000 or $5,000—it is to the thing itself that I
object. For one, I am determined not to touch it,
and 1 will have " neither part nor lot" in it.
You will recollect, Mr. President, and the Sen-
ate will recollect, thatonegreatground upon which
the Creek claims were sought to be sustained was,
that we had sent commissioners to investigate
them; and that, therefore, the faith of the Govern-
ment was committed to pay them. That was one
of the strongest arguments presented on that oc-
casion. It was said that we were bound to pay
the claims, because the Government, having sent
commissioners among the Creeks to investigate
them, and having reported upon the claims, it
created expectations in the minds of the Indians
that we would pay them. Now, I intend to take
no such step in this case. I will give no ground
for such an assumption. 1 repeat, I will not touch
the matter under any circumstances.
This is one of the most flagrant acts that ever
took place in this country. I think no man can
doubt that. The honorable Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Weller] says that war may have been
averted by it. Why, 1 concede that there are cir-
I should be very sorry, sir, to think so poorly of
my kind, as to suppose that competent men could
not be procured by hundreds. But I say, that in
order that this office shall be effectually and pro-
fitably discharged, the man who fills it must not
only be a man of inflexible integrity, but he must
be recognized and admitted to be such. The influ-
ence of his decision will depend upon its moral
force. His decision does not bind us. What I
meant to convey was, that as with regard to these
commissioners, they had fallen either under the
influence of temptation,or under the unjust impu-
tation of having yielded to it; so with regard to
any agent you will send out there. Sir, the spirit
of defamation is so rife in the country, that I un-
dertake to say, i£ is impossible that any man, be
he who he may, can be appointed to discharge the
duties of an office of this kind, whatever may be
the purity, the snow-white purity of his charac-
ter, who will not be charged, decide as he may,
and will not, by a large portion of the community,
be believed to have been'guilty of some base and
corrupt violation of his duty. And m order to the
exercise, effectually and valuably to the country,
of such a commission as is heie proposed, the
agent must not only be upright, but his upright-
ness must be unquestioned; he must not only be
pure, but unsuspected.
My difficulty is in knowing where and how
you can getsuch a man. I do not see how. Four
gentlemen went into California as commissioners.
They went with unsuspected characters'? irre-
proachable men—men of the highest standing.
The very moment they got there they are found
making contracts in violation of their duty, and
are generally charged in the newspapers with the
grossest corruption. Now, where can you get an
agent that can bring any better guarantees th.it he
will either do right, or will be looked upon by the
public as doing right ? Therefore I think that,
cumstances of great public danger where, when a i! upon the whole, desirable as it would be—for I do
man has all the responsibility, he ought to take it.
They might carry out measures which, under or-
dinary circumstances, would be very doubtful,
and from which, probably, bad consequences
might result. General Macomb, at Plattsburg,
was perfectly right in burning the town, and Con-
gress thought so, because it provided for payment
for that destruction. Now, if these commissioners
did this act with a view to avert an impending and
probable war, I would unquestionably look at the
circumstances, and see whether they were such as
to exonerate them; but I have not the slightest
belief m the world in any such thing.
Mr. PRATT. There is no such allegation, as
I understand.
Mr. CASS. I understood the honorable Sena-
tor from California to say that such may have
been the state of things. I have no belief at all
that any such state of things existed, and I have
no belief that any such motives actuated these
commissioners; nor do I believe that if the Indians
had not received one pound of beef, there would
have been any war any more than there is now.
not yield to any of the other opinions—to enter
into this investigation, we had better, under the
circumstances, trust to ourselves to investigate the
claims, when they come here, as best we may.
Mr. PEARCE. The allegation was made by
these Indian commissioners that there was immi-
nent danger of an Indian outbreak along the
whole frontier of California. That was the sole
pretense of an excuse for their conduct. And,
certainly, if that allegation had not been made, I,
for one, should never have been willing to listen,
for a moment, to any proposed investigation; for,
without that justification, or that palliation of their
conduct, it would be a matter of no importance to
the Senate whether these contracts were fairly or
fraudulently made; whether all the provisions
were supplied as they are charged or not; whether
they were charged at double prices, or at proper
prices. In short, there would be no question for
us to consider, except with how much contempt
and reprehension we should treat the whole de-
mand. But that allegation does make a differ-
ence in the state of affairs I understand the Sena-
The commissioners made the treaties which have ij tor from Michigan to say that, if it were true that
been rejected by the Senate, and then they went I! an Indian war could have been, and was, averted
on to carry them into effect, and, so far as they j by these means, then he might consider the ques-
could, to pledge the faith of the Government to tion.
the amount of a million of dollars. What will be
the consequence if we should sanction their act? j
Why, any Indian commissioner hereafter holding ;
treaties will go on and contract debts equal to those
contracted here, and appeal to this case, and say j
thatConsress paid these claims, and that we should j
pay theirs. It will, in fact, be a motive for the !
commissioners to contract debts, and for persons
Mr. CASS. I said, and I repeat, that if there
was an extreme state of danger in that country,
and that could be made manifestly to appear to
Congress, it would justify us in meeting the ex-
penditures. I do not think it would justify us in
meeting the whole amount of expenditures, but it
| would justify us in a portion perhaps. But we
; should require the clearest and the most decisive
to tender their property in order to get paid for it. i[ proof of that fact, and not idle rumors.
I shall not vote for one dollar of these claims Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, that is theallega-
that do not come before us in the proper manner. , tion—that is the very thing which I desire to have
They should not come here by the act of the Gov- J investigated under this amendment. Other inves-
ernment. The Government should take no part 1 > tigations will necessarily follow as to the quantity
in it; but if a claim is presented through the Com- ! furnished—whether it was necessary, as'to the
mittee on Claims, and comes here for the action of ! full amount furnished, and whether it was fur-
Congress in that way, I shall take it up, and con- -j nished at proper prices. But it has been said by
eider it, and judge for myself what ought to be
done; but I repeat, I will take no initiatory steps
that shall, by any possibility, lead to the presump-
tion that this Government considers that it is re-
sponsible for these debts.
Mr. BADGER. One single word of explana-
tion. I did not intend, as my friend from Mary-
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwiv] himself,
that there were actual hostilities waging at. the
time these men state—that there were a great many
Indian massacres and massacres by the Indians at
that time. These commissioners pretend to justi-
fy themselves upon that ground, and that ground
alone. This is the first thing which I desire to
land [Mr. Pratt] supposed I did, to intimate that 'i investigate, and without, which I would not inves-
there were not men of integrity, who could be se- ;i tigate the other questions at all.
cured for the discharge of the duties of this office, j| Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Maryland, if any such reason wag
assigned to the President of the United States, or
to the Department of the Interior, by these agents
at the time they transcended their authority?
Was it said at the time, that it was with a view
to prevent an Indian war, or because they feared
that, if they did not assume that responsibility,
such a war would ensue ? Or is this merely a fore-
shadowing of a reason for coming here after-
wards? Was it assigned by these agents at the
time, as a reason for the exercise of authority not
confided to them, that there was danger of Indian
hostilities, which justified them in going beyond
the appropriations which had been made by Con-
gress ?
Mr. PEARCE. I believe that allegation was
made, in the letters of the agents accompanying
the treaties. I have not the letters before me,
however, and cannot refer to them at present.
They were printed in the document which was
laid upon our tables several months ago. I believe
one of the letters bears date in the fall of 1851.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I think the
question as to whether these contracts were neces-
sary to avert a war, relates a little further back
than to the return of the treaties here, and the rea-
sons assigned for making them. I have thought
that the Government took the initiative. We ap-
propriated money in the first place. If these In-
dian hostilities were threatened then, the appro-
priation should have been made on the ground that
it was necessary to avert them by treaty; and the
question should have been presented to Congress
at the time the appropriation of $50,000 was made.
But I have never heard it urged as a reason for
making that appropriation. Some Senator would
certainly have recollected, if it had been given as
a reason for the appropriation, that there were In-
dian hostilities impending over the people of Cal-
ifornia, and that it was absolutely necessary to
make the appropriation, and to m9kc largeconces-
sions to the Indians to avert a war. We should
certainly have heard something of it at the time.
I did not hear anything of it, and for that reason
I cannot suppose that it can be alleged now as a
valid reason for recognizing the acts of the Indian
commissioners, ltcould hardly havebeen, that we
appropriated money and appointed an agent to go
out and treat with the Indians, and when the In-
dians came to treat, they became so hostile, and
made such formidable demonstrations, that it was
necessary to involve the Government to the amount
of $1,000,000 to avert a war. So that, I appre-
hend, this idea of averting Indian hostilities can
hardly be a justification for the acts of the com-
missioners.
But be that as it may, I think it is the first time
in the history of legislation here, that it has been
seriously proposed to appropriate money for the
payment of an agent to scour the country, and
ascertain who has got a claim against the Gov-
ernment, and what is the ground of it; for it seems
to me that this proposition amounts to that. If
there are claims arising without any very gross or
flagrant fraud, as is alleged, it will be time enough
to consider them when they come before us in the
ordinary way, as ordinary claims. But, if these
claims have originated in such fraudulent practices
as have been alleged, it seems to me, that, instead
of sending an agent there to investigate them, the
district attorney of the United States ought to be
directed to prosecute the parties. That is my view
as to what would be the proper way to dispose of
this matter.
If there be no fraud—if the commissioners have,
without fraud, exceeded their authority, and con-
tracted debts for which the Government is not
bound, it will be time enough to consider them
when they are brought forward, and to reject them
if we please; or if their authority be found to con-
form to the law, we can pay them. But if these
debts havebeen contracted under circumstances as
grossly fraudulent as have been alleged, to that
enormous amount, I think that legal steps ought
to be taken by the law officers of the Government
to bring it before the courts, and not before Con-
gress.
Mr. ADAMS. I am very reluctant to procras-
tinate the discussion upon this subject; already too
much time, doubtless, has been consumed in the
j investigation of this and other matters connected
I with the bill; but I beg the indulgence of the Sen-
' ate for a moment to correct a slight misapprehen-
| sion of my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt..]
