1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 5,
4 i by Captain Henry D. Chads and by Cap-
tain Henderson, and by Admiral Napier, all of
the Royal Navy. They said that their merchant
steamers could not supersede the war steamers,
and were not equal to them" for war purposes.
They all said that such steamers were not fit to
send abroad, and would burn out all their coal be-
fore they could get abroad. But they said—what
is true in their country—that they might be emi-
nently serviceable for purposes of defense in time
of an invasion—to defend the channel in case their
country should be invaded. It is evident that this
examination was made under great apprehensions
of a French invasion, for their inquiries seemed to
be directed to that contingency. Upon being
questioned, in order to. ascertain whether they
eould make war steamers out of those ships, Cap-
tain Chads said, that if they were strengthened,
fore and aft, so as to make them capable of carry-
ing guns, they would lose the quality of superior
speed; and he intimated that a British war steamer
was not much more valuable for the quality of su-
perior speed, if she was not able to fightanything
of her cost and size. Of what advantage was that
to her, but to run away?—and was that a quality
which was valued in a British steamer? Sir, if
that is a quality which is not to be valued in a
British steamer, I would ask whether it should be
highly valued in an American steam-ship of war?
Now, if you will look to the testimony of Com-
modore Perry, you will find that he had some
ideas of the same sort, for he italicizes the words
iifor temporary pwposts.*9 And why for tempo-
rary purposes? You could not use them long.
They would soon burn out their coal and use up
their fuel. They could not carry guns enough for
any extensive service. But they might be made
eminently useful for channel defense in England,
because in such a country, without, very many
forts, they could prevent for a while the landing of
troops, and in such a case a check for a few hours
mii*ht save infinite mischief to the country.
They could carry armament enough, too, to
Frotect the coasting commerce against privateers.
submit, however, that when you look at our
position on the map of the world, and to that of
England, you will find that the circumstances of
the two countries are very different. We should
want such steamers only for purposes of trans-
portation. We might now anu then need a swift
side-wheel steamer to bear dispatches. We might
want them to transport our troops, and ordnance,
and stores; but our own commercial marine would
furnish steamers enough of that character. We
should find no difficulty even if we did not give
the bounties which are proposed in the amendment.
But, sir, I go further: I am authorized in say-
ing:, from all that I can see, and from all that I can
learn, that it is now an admitted fact amongst pro-
fessional men, th«t steamers with the paddle-wheel
cannot be made efficient war-steamers—that the
screw-propeller is the only mode of making a war-
steamer which can be efficient. That is distinctly
proved as the opinion of those English officers
who were examined at the time to which 1 have
referred. I have recently read a book of great
interest, written by Captain Halstead, of the Brit-
ish Navy, in 1850, in which he demonstrates that
fact. The screw-steamer is superior for these rea-
sons: 1. She can carry a whole broadside, which
a paddle-wheel steamer cannot carry; 2. Her ma-
chinery can be eifectually protected from shot—
and I am told that it was but last year, or the year
before, that a British paddle-wheel steamer was
disabled by a single shot fired from a slaver off the
coast of Africa; 3. She can go to sea with a much
less supply of coat, for she uses steam only as an
auxiliary power to sails. She is capable of being
built upon the finest models for strength and speed ,
which cannot be done with the side-paddle, be-
cause the necessity of carrying the armament fore
and aft impairs the force of the ship.
The propeller thus having the advantage in all
of these elements—that of carrying greater weight
of metal, that of going to sea at less expense, that
of fighting witli greater safety, and of being built
on a finer model—there can be no possible reason
for supposing that a steamer with paddles would
come into competition with a screw-propeller as a
ship-of-war. The French, as I understand, are
using the screw-propeller. The English are now
using it, as auxiliary to sails, and applying it to
their ships-of-the-line. 1 am told that they are
now putting a screw-propeller in a ship which is
twelve feet longer than the Pennsylvania. They
are building for war purposes now none but screw-
propellers. I believe that it is the universal opin-
ion of the Navy, certainly it is the opinion of every
officer of our Navy with whom I have conversed, j
that there is no other mode of using steam, which
is adapted to war purposes, except by the screw-
propeller. Captain Halstead gives the reason for
this. He says, to reduce the matter to an axiom-
atic form, that she screws best with the aid of her
sails, and sails best with the aid of the screw; j
while a paddle-wheel steamer paddles best with- j
out her sails, and sails best without her paddles. ;
In the one case the two are auxiliary to, while :
in the latter case the one mars the efficiency of i
the other. Another difference, as Captain Hal- |
stead says, is, that with a screw-propellpr you :
can go to sea with a small supply of coal, and j
carry large freight of other things, whilst with >
the side-wheel paddle, you have to go to sea
with a large supply of coal and a small supply 1
of other things. He says it has been proved in j
the merchant service, that the auxiliary screw- I
steamers can carry freight at twenty-two per j
cent, less than the others. He says, further, j
thjjt the expense of a ten-thousond horsepower, j
with paddle-wheel machinery, would be ^245,000; [
just one half that amount would be necessary if j
you use the screw-propeller, - He says, also, j
that the very service for which the British are 1
paying paddle-wheel steamers 12s. 6d., or about
$3 per mile, to perform, was offered to be per-
formed by screw-steamers at 2s. 9d. a mile; so
that the difference between the cost of employ-
ing screw-steamers and paddle-wheel steamers,
was the difference between paying 2s. 9d. or 3s.
4d. a mile, and 12s. Gd. a mile. I find, too, that
in the examination, in England, in 1843, Lord
Auckland says the English are using the screw-
propeller* to a large extent, as an auxiliary power
m the merchant service; and Mr. Ward said that
they had answered perfectly, in the Holland trade,
when they had been tried. He was asked in
1848: "Are you aware whether it has become
common in the merchant service to use the screw-
propeller?" He answered:
" It is extending in the mcichant service, and has pio-
duced some very cuuous lesults. The experiments h.ui
been particularly successful in the case of those small
schooners? which are built for the trade with Holland, and
then they seem to have hueeeeded completely. They have
engines which occupy only one seventh of the vessel,
while the engines of the Blenheim occupy nearly one third.
And they attain very considerable speed, eight knots, eight
and a halt" knots, and nine knots. The scicvv is never
raised. The apeitures arc all immersed, and the voyage
of two huudied and sixty miles, upon a long series of exper-
iments, aveiagos about thirty-six hours."
I was shown, this morning, a letter just re-
ceived from Boston, from a gentleman of high
authority and great experience in such matters,
who says:
"My opinion is so strongly in favor of piopclling with
strong auxiliary Mcani, th.it f believe if two steamets wcie
to be sent on a survey, oi a naval cruise of any kind, the
paddle starting to day, and the propeller being laid down a
month hence, at the end ol eighteen months thelatter would
be ahead m her work, at a cost fitty per cent. le<-s ! In
short, the paddle must be constantly near the coal-yard and
the machine-*hop, while the other would be independent of
both."
Indeed he says much to justify the opinion,
that the screw propeller, as an auxiliary, is des-
tined to make a revolution in the merchant service.
It is a fact of which I have no sort of doubt. I
was told, on Monday, at the Navy Department,
that they had made a comparison of the log of the
" San JacintOy" before her machinery broke down, i
with the log of the " Saranac," the " San Jacinto39
being a propeller, and the" Saranac"a side-wheel
Extracts from a work entitled "The Screw-fleet of the
Navy," by Captain E. P. Halstead, of the English Navy.
He commends the adoption of screw-ships m the Brazil
mail service, for the following reasons: At page 87—
Because it is a principle which is capable of reducing
' public expenditure, at the same time that it improves gen-
' eral commerce- Because it takes less out of the public
' purse, and puts more into private ones; while puddle pio-
' pulsion draws very largely upon both ; for, instead of car-
rying goods®, the paddle is compelled to carry coals only,
' and then it calls upon all of us to pay for the expense of
'burning them.'
And again, he savs, at page 89:
"t am not m error when I state thatthe practical differ-
'once between paddle propulsion and screw propulsion,
'that is to say, between large ships canying laige cargoes
* of coal and small cargoes of goods, amounts to this, viz :
'That the auxiliaues are able to make a profitable return
' upon freights which are twenty-two per cent, lower than
{those demanded by the full powered steamer."
steamer. The " Saranac" beat the " San Jacinto"
less than three per cent, in point of speed, while
the superiority, in every other respect, was with
the " San JacintoCaptain Halstead says, at
pp. 6*2 and 63:
" Of armed vessels, the 'Terrible' has been selected for
companson, because she is the most poweit'ully-equipped
paddle-steainer m the navy, whether in guns, engines, or
3ails; and after carefully rejecting all distances performed
when towing, when cruising, or when di>abled in ma-
chinery, I find, from the special reports of the ' Tenible,'
that she performed, in 1846, '47, and '48, a distance of
15,731 miles, and shows, for this petiod, a mean late, or
' dufy of ship,' gf 6.83 knots per hour. This is a vessel of
1,847 tons, and 800 horse power, or with a proportion of one
horse power to every 2 31 tons. But it must be obseived,
with regard to the armed steamer, that, unlike the sister
ship in mail employ, she is required, for the sake of econ-
omy, to u^e her canvas vvhenevei possible; and, of the
whole distance completed by the ' Terrible,* 6,277 miles, or
forty per cent, of it, was performed under sail alone.
" Now, we have seen that the two auxiliary vessels which
have been quoted as standaids, performed eighty-nine voy-
ages in the year 1847. making good a distance of 45,548
miles, and showing a mean rate, or ' duty of ship,' of 8.25
knots per hour."
Again: he says it has been found, inasmuch as
the screw and sails are auxiliary to each other,
that, instead'of having to build them of clumsy
moulds, as heretofore, these steamers can be built
of the very finest forms. If I were to hazard a
conjecture, I would say that I have no doubt the
day will come when the screw propeller, as an
auxiliary, will be used with our fast clippers, and
make the finest merchant ships in the world. I
say, therefore, that the Collins steamers are not
suitable for war purposes, not only upon this tes-
timony in relation to them, but upon other con-
siderations.
I omitted the testimony of Lieutenant Roberts,
of the English navy, in 1848. He was asked
whether the American steamers could carry guns?
He said, no better than their own, and not quite so
well as their own merchant steamers. I say, that
these facts prove undoubtedly, that, according to
the opinions of all, or almost all, the professional
men of eminence, both in the British navy and in
ours—and my friend from Florida [Mr. Mallory]
tells me that such also is the practice and opinion
in the French navy; it is considered that no other
steamer is fit for purposes of war except the screw-
propeller. So that if wc are to expend the money
which ought to be expended in thegradual increase
of the Navy in thus keeping up' side-wheel mer-
chant steamers, we will not only expend it in a ser-
vice to which it will not be ultimately useful, but we
take away a fund which is necessary, in order to
increase the Navy in a mode which will be useful
to it, and which will enable us to exercise ouroffi-
cers. Why, what is our policy in relation to the
Navy? We seek to maintain just such a Navy,
and no more, as will preserve the police of the
seas, so far as it is incumbent on us to maintain
that police. We also keep up a skeleton arrange-
ment, capable of extension and expansion in time
of war. To make that skeleton arrangement effi-
cient, it is indispensable that we should have all
possible means of exercising and training our
young officers. How can we do it, if we expend
the money on steamers to be commanded by mer-
chant captains? And that is the case, I under-
stand, with these Collins steamers. Ought we not
to expend the money which we can devote to
such services upon war steamers of proper models,
and with proper machinery, so that our officers
may command them, and be exercised in a
steamer with nil her appointments, and complete
as to machinery, sails, and battery?
Igofurther. I have seen rather a striking view of
this question suggested byCommanderDupont,ina
very interesting essay which he has written on our
national defenses, and I find that, to some extent,
the same view was presented, on an examination
before the committee of Parliament of which I
spoke, by the manager of one of the steam-packet
companies. Commander Dupont says, that in
time of war we should injure our commerce by
withdrawing the commercial steamers, and after
all, have ships not well suited for such a service,
and that the alterations necessary to be made to fit
them for war, would greatly impair their commer-
cial capacities.
The manager of the British steam-packet com-
pany to whom I refer, when questioned by the
committee of the British House of Commons as to
the ability of his company to furnish their steam-
ers, if there should be an invasion, for war pur-
poses, says, we could furnish a part of them; but
