1852.
the congressional globe.
■visions which have been prepared as a model bill
in relation to all grants of land for the construc-
tion of railways.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to know from
the Senator who introduced this bill, how much
land it proposes to appropriate for the construction
of these roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will state, for the
satisfaction of the Senator from Virginia,.that, ac-
cording to the estimate last year, the principal road
and the branch which it is proposed to make will
require fifteen hundred thousand acres as a mini-
mum, and eighteen hundred thousand as a maxi-
mum. This amount is some three or four or
five hundred thousand acres less than were granted
to the State of Illinois by a like bill.
The Committee on Public Lands have sought to
make this bill a model bill, and have shaped all
the others which are to follow it for grants of land
for hke purposes in other States after this model,
which I trust the Senate will pass. It was care-
uuly examined and revised by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.] Several amend-
ments were introduced into it by him, and it comes
now to the Senate under the unanimous sanction
of the Committee on Public Lands. I will state
to my friend from Virginia, as I know that he sits
heavily upon the public chest and dislikes to part
with its dollars, that there is a provision in this
bin enacting that the alternate sections of land
which are not used for the construction of the rail-
road shall not be sold at a less price than two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre; so that when you
take out this fifteen or eighteen hundred thousand
acres, you will impose a tax upon our people who
may purchase and settle on the land of double its
present value. The bill therefore, in reality,
grants very little to the State; and I hope it may
be passed without opposition from my friend from
Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think that we ought
to tax the constituents of the Senator from Iowa,
so as to make them pay $2 50 per acre for lands
for which they ought not to pay more than $1 25;
and if the bill is to operate in that way, I think it
would be much better to lay it over for the pres-
ent. It seems that there are to be many other
applications of a like nature; and, before we know
it, we shall probably grant away all that portion
of the public lands in detail from which we are
likely to derive any revenue. I believe that if this
thing is to come up, it should come up as a sys-
tem, so that we may see what we are doing. I
hope that the bill may be postponed till another
day.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
not determine to postpone this bill. It is exactly
the same which passed last session, and one pre-
cisely similar has been passed this session, making
' a grant of land to the State of Mississippi. The
title of the bill is wrong. The bill, in reality,
makes no grant to the State as a gratuity. It au-
thorizes the State to select alternate sections of
six miles on each side of the road, but as the price
of the remaining land is double, it is, in point of
fact, no donation to the State, because the road
will by that much enhance the value of the land.
The only grant given to the State, is the right of
way through the public land. If this bill, and
others of the same kind, are put oiF, the lands
through which these roads are to be located will
be taken up by those who hold bounty land war-
rants. Most of the lands in the range of these
railroads are already taken up, and it is therefore
necessary, if any real benefit is to be derived from
the passage of these bills, that they should be
passed as speedily as possible. If these lands
should be taken up by land warrants, the Gov-
ernment of the United States will not realize for
them more than seventy-five cents per acre. On
the other hand, if they are granted for the con-
struction of railroads, the Government will receive
the full price for all the lands. But, sir, in addi-
tion to all this, the lands adjacent to these roads,.
not only for fifteen miles, but even for thirty or
forty miles, will thus be brought into market, and
will be sold many years sooner than they would
otherwise be were it not for the building of these :
roads. I again say, that I trust the gentleman
from Virginia will not insist upon this postpone-
ment, inasmuch as this identical bill has been be- ;
fore the Senate for the last eighteen months. The
session before last it was introduced by myself,
and it has now been upon our table for one or two
years. The amendments which are proposed are
merely verbal, and do not materially affect the
provisions of the bill. The bill is exactly the
same as those granting lands to the States of Illi-
nois and Mississippi.
Mr. ATCHISON. There is another odious
condition attached to this bill. The General Gov-
ernment, as the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Jones]
shows, grants nothing—it gives nothing. But,
sir, this bill provides—and I suppose it-is to be a
model bill, whose provisions are to be extended to
several other cases—that upon these railroads the
Government stores and the Government troops
shall be transported free of charge.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Will that be onerous?
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, it will be peculiarly
onerous to the State of Missouri and the State of
Iowa. From the Mississippi to the Missouri river
across the State of Iowa, perhaps one third of all
the Government stores en rmte to California and
New Mexico will be transported upon this road
and upon the Missouri road exclusively. Wow,
sir, I intend to test the Senate upon this question.
I shall move to strike out that section. I do not
consider it any great favor. It is nothing more,
so far as pecuniary considerations are involved,
than a grant of the right of way to construct these
railroads through the public lands. This is about
all that there is of it. The alternate sections we
get thus: No. I is free; and for No. 2 is charged
$2 50 per acre, instead of $1 25 as now.
But there is another consideration. We have
passed a bill making land warrants assignable. I
do not recollect now the amount of public lands
that will necessarily be taken up by these land
warrants. Will the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands tell me the quantity of the public
lands that will satisfy these land warrants ? I
think they cannot fall much short of thirty-five or
fifty millions of acres.
_ And who obtains these public lands? Why,
sir, almost exclusively, or in ninety-nine cases
out of a hundred, they will go to the citizens of the
old States of this Union, under that law. Now,
when we ask in reality nothing but the right of
way through the public lands, the Senator from
Virginia, the chairman of the Commiitee on Fi-
nance, whose duty it is to take charge of the pub-
lic treasure—and I admit that I suppose it is in the
discharge of that duty—opposes tins bill. But I
hope he will not be able to obstruct the passage of
this the first bill. It is but slightly altered from the
bills which have passed time after time through
this body. If I am not mistaken, this bill passed
here, at the last session. Then why deliberate?
Why move to postpone it? It has been discussed
for the last ten years. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Virginia made the motion to postpone
the further consideration of this bfil, with a view
to have an opportunity to look into it, and exam-
ine the principles involved in it. There is nothing
new in it. This very bill, or a bill involving most
of its principles, if not all of them, has been dis-
cussed time and again. I trust the Senate will
act upon this bill,and promptly too. It is a mat-
ter of importance, if you make this grant of land,
or this donation, as some gentlemen call it, that
you should make it speedily; because, an the Sen-
ammed, and I learn from the Commissioner of tte
General Land Office, thata hundred thousand-dol-
lars more jnoney was received from the offices on
the north side of the Missouri river last year, than^
ator from Iowa [Mr. Jones] suggested, these
land warrants will fall into the hands of specula-
tors, and they will, as a matter of course, search
out the public lands which will be most valuable,
upon which the greatest profits can be made, and
there they will go and locate their warrants upon
all the proposed railroad routes in the State of
Missouri. Such has been the fact. We have
two routes, one from St.<fcouis to the western
boundary of the State, on the south side of the
Missouri river; and another from the town of Han-
nibal to the town of St. Joseph, on the north side of
the Missouri river. During the last year, $100,000
was received in the different land offices on the
north side of the Missouri river, mainly upon tlle>
line of this northern railroad. Now, sir, thesir
land warrants being made assignable, hundreds
of thousands of them, or thousands at least, will
fall into the hands of speculators, and the first
lands that will be selected under these land war-
rants, will be the lands upon the borders of the
railroads in the State.
Then it is important that these bills should be
promptly passed, that these alternate sections
should be granted to the railroads, and thus taken
out of the clutches of the speculators. I have ex-
for any one year during the last ten years.  
trust, If the Senate intendto pass these bills St-all,
they will do it promptly.
t Mr>P,AYJS- 1 understand the Senator- from
Iowa [Mr. Dodge] to say that this was a model
bill, and the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Atchi-
son] to repeat it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I so understood it.
I'- is a then, which is to be
our guide in all these matters. That is one good
reason why it should be made right. I rise for
the purpose of putting the inquiry to some gentle-
man who is able to inform me, whether I am ri°-ht
111 understanding, that in laying out the road the
State is authorized to lay one hundred feet on each
side of the track—making the road two hundred
feet wide.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is so.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Iowa answers
that it is so. Then let us look a little at the effect
of it, and see what may come out of it. Two
hundred feet, all experience shows, is quite unne- •
cessary for a track. _ I believe that a width of
eighty feet is all that is esteemed necessary for a
railroad, unless where there is some cut, or em-
bankment, or something of that sort, in which
case more land is required. For all the purposes
of a track—-even for a double one—as far as our
experience goes, eighty feet is deemed ample.
Then, according to the bill, in front of the lands
granted to the State, and in front of the lands
owned by the United States, there will be a tract
of land in the private ownership qf this road. If
the State makes the road, it will own it, and will
have a strip of land included within the track in
front of the land of the United States, disposable
for other purposes. If the State disposes of the
right to make the road, as I believe Illinois has done,
to certain companies, the companies will own thd
land. If they have a right to locate two hundred
feet, they will own land in front of the lands of the
State and in front of the lands of the United States.
Will not that be the result of the bill? It seems to
me that the grant should be limited to at least so
much land as is necessary for the road. It should
not go beyond that, unless you mean to lead your-
selves into the difficulty I have pointed out. A
tract of two hundred feet is not necessary. There
may be places where it will be necessary, but they
will only occur occasionally. I think the passage
of the bill will lead to some embarrassment. I
throw out these remarks for the consideration of
gentlemen, if we are to pass a bill which is to be
our guide hereafter.
Mr. SMITH. The Senator from Massachu-
setts mistakes the provision of the bill. It does'
not grant the land, two hundred feet wide, to* the* ,
State of Iowa, throughout the entire length of the
road, but merely grants the right of way. Thy
title to the land is not vested in the State, it is the
mere right of way—the incorporeal right of way.
It does not grant the right to the land itself; but it
gives the State the privilege of making the road
over this breadth of land—two bundled feet—for
the whole length of the road, so that the road
might be shifted, as might be necessary, within
this range of two hundred feet. The right of way
enjoyed will be the mere breadth of the track and
so much of the adjoining land as may be necessary
to occupy for an embankment, or excavation, or
anything of that sort. In this particular, I believe
the bill conforms to the bill passed in favor of the
State of Illinois, and to other bills which we ha've
passed. We passed several, I do not know how
many, at the last session of Congress. I was then
a member of the Committee on Public Lands, and
concurred with the majority of the committee  
which I think was unanimous on this subject in
reporting all these bills to the Senate. I apprehend,
therefore, that there is no difficulty in regard to
this matter. It is a mere grant of the right of
way—an incorporeal right invested in the State.
After what has been the decision of the Senate
on this subject for several years past, certainly at
both sessions of the last Congress, and I believe
at preceding sessions—after there had been a most
emphatic and distinct expression of opinion by a
very large majority of this body in favor of this
policy, I did not suppose that I would have occa-
sion to address the Senate on the subject. But I
