2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
I think it ought to be put under the direction of
the President.
A^ain: there may be a military commission ex-
isting in California. The officer in command in
that couutry may change it; and it has been sug-
gested here that these supplies have been furnished
under military exigencies, on account of war
being threatened by the neighboring Indian tribes.
It seems to me that the military; officer in com-
mand—if he is a gentleman of high character, as
I believe he is—I 5o not know who is there now—
I refer to the commanding officer of last year—
would be a very proper person to judge of that
allegation, and investigate the truth of it; and the
President would have power, in connection with
the allegation made as to the military exigencies
of the country at that time, to direct him to make
inquiry into those circumstances, and to report.
He might have to send for witnesses at a great
distance. He might have to visit the different
sections of the country.
Again: the President, under such an appropri-
ation as I suggest, would have the power of send-
ing any known, tried, and experienced accounting
officer there—a gentleman possessing such a char-
acter as the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina says he ought to possess. I only make this
suggestion to the friends of the measure. I think
it would be well enough to have the service done
by known officers of the Government, of expe-
rience and standing, who would inspire confidence
in the public generally.
Mr. WELLER. Upon the suggestion of my
friend from Tennessee, I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " Secretary of the In-
terior/'and inserting "President of the United
States." Thi.s suggestion has my entire approba-
tion, and, therefore, I offer the amendment to the
amendment. 1 would assign, as one reason font,
that, amongst the various charges that have been
made against the commissioners in California,
some were in regard to gentlemen connected with
* the Department of the Interior.
Mr. BELL. I made no allusion to that.
Mr. WELLER. That is an additional reason
why the control of this matter should be given to
the President of the United States. It would be
perfectly satisfactory, I doubt not, to all the par-
ties in California, that the appointment should be
made by the President himself directly.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to say that I made the
suggestion in reference to the power of the Presi-
dent to require the military officers to report to
him. The Secretary of the interior could not do
that. The President alone can command the ser-
vices of the military officers.
Mr. WELLER. 1 prefer that the appointment
should be made directly by the President of the
United States, and therefore offer the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. CrWIN. I hope that amendment will be
adopted, for the reasons which have been suggest-
ed, and for a further reason which I think I can
give. Under the amendment as proposed to be
amended, the President of the United States can
older—and,in my opinion, hp could not do better
than order—the officers of the Army to investigate
this matter. They are in the country; the com-
missaries and quartermasters are scattered nil over
the country, and they could make this examination
with impartiality.
I am very glad the suggestion has been made by
the Senator from Tennessee. I am not sure that
there are officers of the Army there who can in-
vestigate the subject, and can report the facts of
the case in a proper manner.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the Senator
from California does not exactly meet the point of
my objection to the amendment. It does not rest
upon the ground that there are not men of integ-
rity and capacity to discharge these duties in such
a way as ought to gitfe entire satisfaction to the
Senate and the country; but it rested upon this:
That we had strong reason to believe that any
person who might be sent there for the purpose of
discharging these duties, would either fall a victim
to temptation, or a victim to vilification. What
is the case here? Four men of unimpeachable
reputation were sent out to California as Indian
commissioners, and immediately after they entered
upon their duties, they were found engaged in un-
lawful transactions, and were generally charged
by ihewhole newspaper press of that country with
being engaged in participating in fraudulent con-
tracts on the Government. Here, where these
four commissioners^have fallen, you propose to
send out one man, exposed to the same-trials, the
same difficulties, the same dangers, to make an
t investigation of the proceedings of his four great
and illustrious predecessors. JNow, sir, I submit,
if there is not good reason to fear that there would
be something that would be injurious to the integ-
rity and fatal to the reputation of the man who
might be engaged in such an investigation? Then
my objection was this: As he was not to decide
private claims between individuals; as he was not
like a judge, whose sentence has weight of its own
force, but one whose opinions were to govern us
from their moral influence, how could we hope to
derive benefit from such an investigation, when he
would come here either contaminated with corrup-
tion, or with a general imputation upon him,
however unjust, that he was so contaminated?
That was the ground of my objection.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I cannot see
any good reason for the proposed amendment to
the amendment. I take this Administration to be
a unit, and I do not see that it makes much dif-
ference whether we leave this matter to the Presi-
dent of the United States or to the Secretary of
the Interior. I do not see any necessity for the
change proposed by the amendment of the Sena-
tor from California. I would have preferred the
amendment in its former shape.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the reading of
the amendment as amended; and it was accord-
ingly read, as follows:
To enable the Piesident of the United States to cau«e an
invesUgation to be made of certain claim* preferred against
the United States lor provisions alleged to have been fur-
nished to the Indians oi California, £10,01)0.
Mr. BAYARD. Upon that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays, I think it involves a very
important principle, in regard to which I agree
entirely with the sentiments of the Senator from
Michigan.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 9, nays 34; as follows:
YMAS—Messis. Adams, Re)}, Dawson, Foot, Gvvin,
Mallot y, Peaice, Smith, and Weller—9.
NAYS—Me^rs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Boiland,
Bright, Brodhcad, Brooke,Ca^,Chailton, Chase, Clarke,
Davis I)e Saussuie, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felch.
Fi^h, Geyer, Houston, Jones of Iowa, King, Mason, Meii-
wether, Miller, Norm, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward. Spru-
ance, Sunnier, Toucey, Underwood, Upham, Wade, and
Walker—iM.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
moi row.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope not.
Mr. ATCIHSON. I have a great many amend-
ments to propose to the bill by direction of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I understand
that we have now got through the amendments of
the Committee on Finance.
The motion to postpone wyis agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, thedoors
weie reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Mon-
day
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 6, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littt.etos: F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the consideration of House bill No. 146, to regu-
late the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, niar-
| shais, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Connecticut.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were received by the House.
Mr. VENAJ3LE. I call for the reading of the
resolutions.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask whether this read-
ing will eome out of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Then I object to the
reading of the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions having been
received, any gentleman has the right to have them
read.
Mr. VENABLE. I call for their reading.
The resolutions were then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
State of Connecticut, General Assembly, >
May Session, 1852. >
Resolved by this Assembly, That ti^e union ot the United
States, and the Constitution by authority of winch the Fed-
eral Government is administered, were results of a spirit of
compromise and mutual concession among the conflicting
interests and sentiments of the people of different sec-
tions of the countiy ; and that it is the duty of eveiy good
citizen now to exercise the same spiut of compromise and
concession in cases of sectional differences ol interest or
opinion, for the purpose of preserving for themselves and
their posterity the blessings resulting fiom that union and
government, in the perpetuity of which are involved not
only the future welfare and prosperity of the people of this
countiy, but also in a gieat degree the progress of the cause
of civil and religious liberty and free government through-
out the world.
Resolved, That in a Government like this, in which all
political powei emanates from the people, by whom all
ruieis and legislator are appointed, and to whom they are
responsible, it i& peculiarly the duty of all citizens to yield
cheerful obedience to all laws legulaily enacted by "their
representatives, until such laws shall have been legally ad-
judged by the ptoper tribunal to be unconstitutional.
Resolved, That the series of measures denominated the
compromise ineasui es, adopted b> the last (Jongiess, dis-
posing finally and peacefully of aviuietvof questions which
had previously disturbed the country, embarrassed the
Government and the National Legislature, and seriously
threatened the existence of the Union, were wisely adapted
i to the fair adjustment of the vexed questions at issue, an<J
constituted a fair and equitable compioirnse of the whole
subject j and that said sciies of measures, as such com-
promise, meet the full approbation of this Assembly.
Resolved, That the act,termed the "fugitive slave law,"
is, m the judgment of this Assembly, in accordance with
the provisions of the Constitution, containing merely pro-
visions in detail necessary to carry into effect the provisions
of that instiument; and that it is the duty of all good citi-
zen* to sustain the execution of said act by all lawful and
proper means.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor may be re-
quested to transmit a copy ot these resolutions to the Piesi-
dent of the United States, to the Governor of cach of the
seveial States of tiie Union, and to each of our Senators
and Representatives in Congre&s.
Slna'ie, June 23. 185^.—Passed.
L B HRADLJ2Y, Clerk.
House of Representatives, June 28, 183-2. — Concurred.
G. W". 53AYLKS, Assistant Clerk.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the resolutions
be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object to the printing.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were ordered to lie upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
print.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to be heard at
some suitable time upon the motion to print, and
upon the resolutions; but I do not desire to debate
them now, as time is precious so near the close
of the session. 1 move that the motion to print be
postponed until the second Monday in December
! next, when we shall have more time to discuss
them, which I am desirous of doing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move the
previous question upon the motion to print.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know what will be the effect of the adoption
of the previous question upon the motion to post-
pone r
The SPEAKER. It will cut off the motion to
postpone.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. CABLE demanded the yeas and nays upon
ordering the main question; but they were not
ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were ordered to be
printed, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
FEES AND COSTS OF COURTS.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, is the consideration of the following bill:
"A bill to regulate the fees and costs to be al-
' lowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
