1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
{ circuit and district courts of the United States,
' and for other purposes."
Mr. BOWIE. jVJ r. Speaker, if this were a bill
merely to regulate the fees and costs of clerks,
marshals,'and attorneys of the district and circuit
courts of the United States, as it assumes to he, I
should not trouble the House with any remarks
upon it, notwithstanding 1 am persuaded it will
work great injustice in this respect if passed.
But I am sure, if gentlemen of this House will
trouble themselves to read the bill carefully, they
will find it involves the most material changes in
the criminal law of the country. These features,
I think, should arrest the attention of the House
before they give their sanction to the bill in its
present form. I hope this bill will, at least, he
recommitted, in order to have those obnoxious
features stricken out. The features to which I
now allude, and to which I shall only incidentally
refer, may he found on the second and third pages
of the bill. On the third page of the bill js the fol-
lowing paragraph, viz:
" Whenevei thorn are, or shall bo, several chaiges against
any p* i.<nn <n-pci-(in< Ibi the 'aim; act or tian-actum, or
foi t>\ro or iiioi i' acts or transactions connected togetherj or
lor two or more or trausiictums of the «ame class of
ci lines or oit'on&es which maybe properly jomed, instead
of having several indictment*, the whole may be joined in
one indictment in separate count*; and if two or more in-
dictments shall be found m suchca&es, the court may order
them consolidated.
It is known to every gentleman who has the
least experience in criminal practice, that accord-
ing to the English law, and according to the law
as practiced in most of the States in this Union,
wherever there are found two or more counts in
an indictment charging felonies, the prosecuting
attorney is always required by the court to make
his election upon which of the counts he will pro-
ceed to trial. This bill proposes to adopt an en-
tirely different rule, and by authority of law, to
reverse the practice, and place it in the power *of
any court of the United States to try any person
accused of crime, upon any number of counts.
The language is 44 which may be properly joined,"
not legally joined. Thus introducing a discretion
dangerous in the extreme, if exercised by the
courts, and jeopardizing the liberty of the citizens,
by placing them within judicial legislation. Un-
der a practice like this, the accused would not be
safe. It would be impossible for any man, la-
boring under the disadvantages which usually sur-
round those accused of crime in this country to
prepare himself for a successful defense against
the charge of two or more offenses. If prepared
for one, he might be convicted of the other for
want of evidence, not knowing for which offense
he would be arraigned.
Again, Mr. Speaker, on the fourth page it is
said: " When two or more chargcs are, or shall be
4 made, or two or more indictments shall he found
' aeamsta person, only one writ or warrant,shall be
* necessary to arrest and commit him for trial; and
i it shall l)e sufficient to state in the writ the name
' or general character of the offense, or to refer to them
* only in very general terins." This is proposed io
be the language of the criminal statute law of the
United States in the nineteenth century—that
crimes upon the face of the warrant are not to be
specially described: that a man accused of crime
is not to be informed by the warront of what he
is accused, and that the charges need only be de-
scribed in very general terms. Our ancestors,
three hundred years ago, defied and denounced
tiiis principle. It was one of the most odious ar-
tifices of despotism. The twelve English judges
in the time of Elizabeth, denounced it, and in the
time of Charles I. they reiterated their condemna-
tion; and we are now, in this nineteenth century,
asked to incorporate this tyrannical and odious
principle in the criminal code of the Union.
For the purpose of saving a few dollars to the
Treasury, we propose to jeopard the liberty and
security*of every citizen of these United Stares.
But 1 hope, nay I know, it is only necessary to
call the attention of this House to the dangerous
consequences emanating from such a proposition,
in ordei to insure Us rejection.
Another section provides: "When an indict-
( ment for crime shall be tried before a jury, and a
'conviction is had, in addition to the attorney's
« fees allowed by ihis act, the district attorney may
4 be allowed a counsel fee in proportion to the im-
4 portanceand difficulty of the case, not exceeding
* thirty dollars."
This clause is said to be taken from the statutes
of some of the States. I hope, for the cause of
justice, there are not many which have adopted it.
A premium of thirty dollars offered for rigorous
prosecution! How long ere, under such tempta-
tion, prosecuting will degenerate into persecution,
is not difficult to foresee.
The sovereignty of the United States, with all
the means and appliances of power, arrayed agains|
j; a poor prisoner, suspected of crime, without
jj friends or fortune to defend him, is a spectacle
11 pitiable enough. When rewards for conviction
ji are thrown into the scale against him, well may
jj the law commend him to Heaven for a safe dehv-
'j erance.
|! I shall not consume the time of the House any
!! longer in pointing out the several obnoxious fea-
! i tures of this bill, but wish to say that the pnnciple
of this bill is antagonistic to, and the reverse of all
legislation upon this subject from the commence-
ment of this Government.
Mr. Speaker, all the lawyers of this House ;
know that when the Federal judiciary was being
organized, it was the anxious desire of the Con- ;
gress of those times, to make the Federal Gov- !
ernment sit easy upon the several States. It was
the great" solicitude to interfere as little as pos-1
sible with the machinery of the several States, and
particularly with the laws, the institutions, the :
customs, and the practices of their courts. In
conformity with that desire, the Congress of 1781)
lequired that the process of the Federal courts, m j
each State should conform to the piocess of the !
several States, and that the laws and decisions of
the several States should be the rules of decision |
m the Federal courts, wherever they would ap- !
ply. :
Thus, while a uniform system of laws and ju-
risprudence was extended over the thirteen United j
States, the modes of executing and interpreting !
them were expressly varied to suit the preexisting i
institutions arid habits of the people. New courts j
were established, and new oificeis were created; ;
yet those courts and those officers were expressly ,
enjoined to adopt, as far as possible, the forms of '
process and proceeding, and pnueiples of decision 1
which the several States had respectively estab-''
tished and used. There was unity of design, with
variety of detail. This regard for the rights of the !
States, proceeded os much fiotn the necessity of!
the times, as from profound policy. Although all !
the thirteen States derived their jurisprudence from J
the common law and such statutes of Great Britain j
as were applicable to then condition, yet m the '•
century which had elapsed between their coloniza-
tion and the Revolution, local customs, colonial
legislation, and judicial interpretation had estab-
lished m each, forms of proceeding, and principles
of interpretation peculiar to themselves, which it
would have been onerous and oppressive to change
abruptly. Each would have exclaimed, m the Ian- !
guage of the Barons, i
Kolinmis leqis a null a* mntan." [
These judicial forms have become a part of the
laws, the language, and muniments of the Slate, '
and the knowledge and practice of them a science
or profession—varying in detail in almost eveiy '
State in the Union—and in the values attached to j
| them. i
| Now, for the first time, it is proposed to require '
| all who administer the law,as attorneys,solicitors, i
i clerks, or muishals, throughout the United States,
except California, however different the modes of
administration, whether simple or complex, easy j
oi difficult; whatever the length or brevity of pro-
cess; however different the forms may be in differ-
ent States, or however various the wages of labor
in such pursuits m different States, to adopt one
horizontal scale of fees, whether adequate or not. 1
The exception in behalf of California exposes the
grossness of the proposition. The exception is
just—but why? Because a different standard of
prices for labor prevails there. So with regard
to judicial business in every State of the Union.
M«ime and Louisiana, Maryland and Mississippi,
the East and the West, the Northand South, have '
different forms, ditferent prices, which cannot be |
made to approximate any common standard. It
would be as just to enact that one uniform price of 1
manual labor should be charged, from Texas to ;
Maine, as to put a uniform price on the time and '
labor of attorneys, clerks, and marshals, through- 1
out the United States, without regard to the dif- j
ferent circumstances which surround them. 1
The original laws regulatingthe fees of these of-
ficers being based on the scale of fees, established
in the respective States, adding one third, were
founded in equity and justice, having due regard
to the \ariptv of place and circumstance under
which the services were to be performed. JNTobody
is so well qualified to judge of the value of such
services as the Legislatures of the States, and
when provision is made for measuring the com-
pensation of Federal officers, by the prices allowed
in the respective States in which they serve, every
precaution is taken which ordinary legislation can
devise.
Now, an entirely different spirit has comc over
us. Now, we are not only to have Federal courts,
but we must have Federal process, exercised under
Federal laws, with a total disregard to the local in-
stitutions, to the local laws, and to the local prac-
tices of the several States.
There never has been, in my judgment, a bill
introduced into Congress, showing the featuies of
consolidation more obviously than this. Here a
horizontal scaleof fees is introduced. Ileregeneial
terms are used, wholly inapplicable to many of the
States, under which no fee bill can be taxed, which
imposes upon private citizens more than a hundred
per cent, of legal taxation, in order to protect the
Government.
Look at the very first feature of the bill, upon
page second. Thelegal taxable costs in every jury
trial is to be $20. Now, it is only ^10 under the
act of 1789. (I omitted to state that the act ofl789
provid ;d that the costs, as taxed in the supreme
courts of the several States, with one third added,
should be the allowance of attorneys and clerks in
the United States courts.) This bill adopts an en-
tirely dilferent standard. Under that standaid, in
the State of Maryland, the legal cost of an attor-
ney, as taxed, was $10, but now, m every case in
which there is a jury trial, the defendant is to be
mulcted with $20 costs.
"Whatcommunity at all involved m litigation,can
bear oppression of this kind ? Whence the change,
Mr. Chairman? Do you find the citizens of the
United Stales complaining of the judiciary system ?
So far as I learn, there is no memorial addressed
to us upon that subject. U is the United States,
the great corporation of the United States, which
considers itself aggrieved. If it be aggrieved, let it
address its remedy to its own wrongs, and not at-
tempt to impose upon every citizen an addition of
one hundred per cent, taxable legal costs in order
to protect themselves.
Mr. Chairman, this bill is not necessary to pro-
tect the Government. The Government has the
m eans of protection in its own hands. It has al-
ready adopted a law requiring every officer, mar-
shal, and State attorney, to return an account of
their receipts; all whose salaries exceed $6,000,
are required to pay the surplus into the Treasury.
Is not this restraint sufficient? But they tell us the
accounting officers of the Treasury say, the mar-
shals mid the clerks abuse tins light; they make
enormous charges, and do not faithfully account.
Has not the Government power to remove the mar-
shals ?—are they no', appointed at pleasure, and
would not any man justly obnoxious to this charge
be a fit subject for instant dismissal?
Jf the House will take the trouble to examine
document No. 2, accompanying the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, they will find the griev-
ance proceeds from an entiiely different cause.
Under the old system, the judges of the courts of
the United States weie requiied to examine the
accounts of marshals and clerks, and certify them
to the Government. By the act of 1842, this duty
was transferred to the clerks; and the Acting Comp-
troller says that the tendency of the transfer has
been to induce the judges to neglect their duty,
and to rely upon the clerk's certificate, and that
since that time the expenses have greatly increased.
But the Acting Comptroller does not disclose the
whole case. In the document appended to the
ieporf of the Secretary of the Iuteiioi, will be
found a reference to a letter of Judge Dickinson,
complaining of the indignities thrown upmi the
bench by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
Judge Dickinson says: " .Tudire Baldwin, for years
' before his death, actually refused to examine and
'certify accounts of the officers of the court, be-
' cause the officers of the Department (as he
' thought) improperly interfered with his duties;
4 and Judge Grier made complaint of like con-
' duct."
