2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6.
This is the ground of the complaint. The act
of 1798, and the subsequent acts up to 1842, had
committed the interests of this Republic and the
interests of the Treasury to the supervision of the
judges of the district and of the circuit courts.
But the accounting officers, not content with rely-
ing upon that, undertake to revive and supervise,
and to reverse their allowances; and the judges,
finding themselves treated with this indignity,
have refused to perforin that special duty. You
will find that the tables returned to this House,
while showing an enormous increase in the ex-
penses of the judiciary system, show that that
increase commenced about the year 1842, about
the time the supervision of the judges was with-
drawn—about the time that this responsibility was
divided between the clerks and the judges.
We have not had time to probe the whole ex-
tent of this business. We have not had time to
ascertain where the wrong is, or who committed
it. It is evident, from the papers returned with
this bill, that the United States Attorney General
gave opinions which authorized, to some extent,
the revisions of the clerks'accounts by the account-
ing officers of theTreasui y ;and the language of the '
first of these opinions—I refer now to the opinions '
of Attorney General Wirt—is exceedingly cau-
tious. He expressly declares—"The account,
1 then, is to be first submitted to the Auditor, and
* he is to examine it—not to control, in the slightest
i degree > the discretion with which the law has invested
* the'court, but to see that that discretion has been ex-
' ercised upon the subjects pointed out by the law, or,
4 in other words, to see that the account contains no
* items but those which are authorized by the law."
Other Attorneys General, Messrs. Butler and
Crittenden, following in the wake of Mr. Wirt,
have made subsequent decisions, the effect of
which is, that the certificates of the judge of the
district or of ihe circuit courts is not conclusive
of the law and the facts. And the accounting
officers of the Treasury may be authorized to re-
vise their certificates and their construction of the
law. Any system which is subject to such a revis-
ion must be productive of great injury to this
country.
Those of us who have any regard for the pro-
fession of the law, those of us who have any
veneration for the bench, and who would have the
law interpreted by men bred to the law, should
see, at least, that a proper respect is paid to the
public functionaries of the law. I undertake to
say that a bill could be framed, of some ten para-
graphs, that would get at the whole of this evil,
and not subject the citizens of the United States
to an onerous burden of one hundred per cent, of
additional legal taxation, or the high judicial offi-
cers of the country to unnecessary mortification.
Mr. Speaker, 1 did not intend to dwell upon
these general features. JVly great object was to
show that the fee bill, as at present presented to
this House, is not at all conformable to the law,
the usages, and institutions of the State of Mary-
land, or the District of Columbia, and that it will
be impossible, under the present language of this
bill, if all these laws of the United States are to
be changed, for these officers to tax their fees at all.
The District of Columbia is peculiar territory.
The circuit court of the District has the powers of
a county court under the old judiciary system of
Maryland ; the powers of a court of chancei y; is
an appellate court from justices of the peace; is an
appellate court from the district court of the Uni-
ted States, of which the chief judge of the circuit
court is the sole judge; is an appellate court from
the criminal court, and has.the general powers of
the court of the King's Bench, and the power of
issuing a mandamus. Besides this, it has local
administrative powers—the power of appointing
constables, power to grant licences, roads, &c.
You will readily see, that any one performing
and executing these administrative powers, must
have recourse to the laws of Maryland in order to
execute them. If I understand the bill now before
me, the clerks of these courts will have no power
to charge any fees except those here enumerated.
And this leads me to note one of the prominent dis- i
tinctionsin this bill from all others which have pre- :
ceded it. The learned chairman of the Commit- ;
tee on the Judiciary remarked that they had dis- j
carded the itemizing system. Gentlemen familiar ■
with courts of justice know that fees in most of j
the States are charged item by item from term :
to term; but here all this system is discarded, ]
and the clerk is to charge a round sum for all the
services including the taxation of courts in each
cause. Now, our fees are collected from term to
term. Fees in the District of Columbia, and fees
m the district of Maryland go into the hands of
the marshal as the suit progresses, and the largest
portion of these fees are collected before judgment
is rendered; but under this system the large por-
tion, if not the whole of these fees, is postponed
until judgment is obtained, and it may be, never
will be collected. The tendency is to render a
large portion insolvent.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland whether he is aware of the amount of
costs that has been paid by the General Govern-
ment to the administration of justice in the Dis-
trict of Columbia in the year 1850, or in any other
year withm the last ten years?
Mr. BOWIE. I have not looked particularly
to the amount. My principle is this: " Let justice
be done though the heavens fail. I shall not in-
quire into the costs.
; Mr. McLANAHAN. I desire to make this
further remark, whether the heavens fall or not,
that the costs in this District, in the year 1850, for
the administration of justice were upwards of
§70,000.
Mr. BOWIE. That may be so, and it may
startle the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but I
will undertake to say that if the same quantum of
justice be administered in any other State of the
Union, where liberal compensation is given to its
officers, the amount will be the same. Whoever
heard before of measuring justice by money? I
hope that principle will never be ingrafted upon
the statute-book of the United States. Sir, I am
an advocate of just and proper economy. Who
would ask that a Procrustean bed of justice should
be established in this country? Who would have
justice administered at the expense of some one
hundred and fifty officers of the Government? it
is better that a thousand men be overpaid than
that one man be denied what is justly due to him.
The system now presented is an onerous one; it is
an impracticable one. It is one not at all conform-
able to our laws and institutions, and one which I
hope at least this House will not hastily force
upon the State of which I am, in part, a Repre-
sentative. There is no necessity for exceeding
haste in this bill. It has just been laid upon our
tables. The Representatives of-the people have
had no time to examine it. It fell under my no-
! tice accidentally. I was surprised to see the fea-
tures it contained, professing, as it did, to be
merely a bill to regulate the fees of clerks, attor-
neys, and marshals.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have been thrown off from
the line of argument I designed to address you.
I was saying that the committee had departed from
the itemizing system,and adopted a general aver-
age system, that all causes are to be charged alike
with but this distinction: that causes m which there
are jury trials $3 50 are to be paid; and causes in
which therearenojury trials perhaps $2 50. Then
follows another most singular clause, that in the
records of the court all evidence is not to be re-
corded. Look, Mr. Speaker, if you please, to
page six of this bill:
" In equity and admiralty causes, only the process, plead-
ings, and decree, and such orders and memorandums a*
may bo necessary to show the jurisdiction of the court and
regularity of the ptoceedin<?s, shall be entered upon the
final record; and in case of an appeal, copies of the proofs
and of such eimies and papers on file as may be necessary
on hearing of the appeal, may be certified up to the appel-
late court."
Who is to judge of what is necessary to show
the jurisdiction of the court, or the regularity of
the proceedings? What more important—what
ij more vexed question is ever presented to the high-
jj est courts of this country than questions of juris-
. diction ? And yet, to save the United States—
I not a pauper—the paltry costs of a record in the
; case no testimony is to be recorded, except such
i as is necessary to show the jurisdiction and the
| regularity of the proceedings. If an appeal be
J taken, then the necessary evidence is to be cer-
I] tified up. So that any man who has a fee-simple
! depending upon the muniments of that court, be-
fore he can be entirely secured, must take an ap-
peal. And if ever I should be employed in the
district or United States court, I would advise all
of my clients, for their protection, to take an ap-
peal in order that all the proceedings might be re-
corded.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to ask a question for
information. I wish to know from the gentleman
whether, by the practice of the equity courts of his
State, it is usual, or ever the case that the depo-
sitions of witnesses are spread upon the record
books?
Mr. BOWIE. I am not able to answer. I
know that in all appellate cases it is so.
Mr. MEADE. I will tell the gentleman that,
according to the equity practice of my State—and.
I had supposed it was the case in every State, be-
cause it would swell the record books to an inter-
minable extent, if it were otherwise—depositions
in equity causes are filed with the papers, but
only such orders, decrees, and pleadings as are
here enumerated in this bill, are spread upon the
record. When a record is ordered from an infe-
rior to a supiirior court, the clerk then takes all
depositions, and makes them a part of the record,
but they are never spread upon the record book.
Testimony always comes up in equity causes as
part of the record; but in common law causes the
testimony never goes up, except by bill of excep-
tions it is made a part of the record.
Mr. BOWIE. I am aware of that. In all
causes in which real estate is involved, decided
upon decree, the whole proceedings are recorded
in the county in which they occur; but, according
to this bill, the clerk of the district or circuitcourt
would keep no record of these proceedings at all,
unless there was an appeal.
Mr. MEADE. I will tell the gentleman from
Maryland that I have seen and been engaged in
chancery causes where, if everything he enumer-
ates and requires to be of record were spread upon
the record book, it would fill a volume of the rec-
ord books. Sometimes there are five or six hun-
dred pages of manuscript contained in therecords^
where the cause is carried up to a superior court.
If tUe course suggested by the gentleman be adopt-
ed, you will have to multiply the record books of
the clerk's office in the course of a few years to
such an extent that a new building would be ne-
cessary to hold them.
Mr. BOWIE. This has been the practice in
many of the States, and I am not aware of any
inconvenience having resulted from it m my own
State. To say only such parts as are necessary
to show the jurisdiction and regularity of the
courts are to be made records—and in case of ap-
peal the balance may be certified up—is to invest
the clerk with the highest judicial powers known
to the law. If that discretion is to be vested any-
where, it should be in the judge, and not in the
clerk.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman, of course, does
not wish to do injustice to the committee. The
gentleman will perceive by the clause that he has
objected to, that all process, all plead ings—of course
including bills and answers—every decree, and
every ord£r and memorandum that may be neces-
sary to show the jurisdiction of the court and reg-
ularity of the proceedings, shall be entered upon
the final record. That is, entered upon the record
books. All the other papers in the cause, s^chas
testimony that is taken, is not made a part of the
record unless the case is carried up. But in cases
at law the oral testimony of witnesses is not made
a part of the record unless excepted to in some
way or the other, and then it is made a part of the
record.
Mr. BOWIE. Unquestionably, there is agreat
looseness of expression m this clause, but the dis-
cretion to be exercised is one which should be in-
vested in the judge, and not in the clerk; and,
therefore, to that extent, at least, I think the
clause is defective.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is complained that there
has been an excessive and extraordinary increase
of the judicial expense of this Government, not at
all corresponding with the progress of population.
I would ask the House to refer to table A, which
was relied upon for the purpose of establishing
that position. In Doc. 2, p. 524, there is an ab-
stract of the annual amounts presented in thisform
by the Acting Comptroller of the Treasury. He
puts down the expenses from 1800 to 1801 at
$42,000; from 1818 to 1821 inclusive, at$117,000;
from 1830 to 1831, at $204,000; being an average of
about $102,000. He then gives the aggregatefrom
J842 to 1847, five and a half years, at $464,623.
If these items be correct from 1831 to 1847, there
has been no increase in the average expenses of
the judiciary, because, if you divide the i
