1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May'5.
to the opinion tl^at the universal practice of this
House has bee# to confine such business to the
Speaker's table, from which it was taken. The
Chair has always doubted the correctness of the
practice; but so it has been.
Mr. $AYLY. I dislike to make a point upon
the Speaker, but 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
a point upon the Speaker at this time, because the
question upon which he would make it is not now
before the House.
„The House was then divided on the question to
suspend the rules, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union, and there were—ayes 68,
noes 69.
Mr. HOUSTON". I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CARTTEU. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler,
and Brown of Mississippi,, appointed; arid the
question being taken, the tfllers reported—ayes
63, noes 77.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the regular order of
business.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT—THE PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing; which will be read by the
Clerk.
The report was accordingly read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
of ll«pi« ciitJinves, ftfiy thousand copies of the mechanical
-part of the Patent Otlice llupoit, and three thousand addi-
tional copies foi the use of the OonnnisMonei o( intents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
point of oider raised by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Uibbard,] when this subject
#was last up, to he this: that inasmuch as no mo-
tion was made to refer tins resolution to a com-
mittee, it would necessarily go upon the Speaker's
table. In reply to that, the Chair said that the
report was in order when it was introduced into
this House by the Committee on Printing, it al-
ways being in order for that committee to report.
Instead ot disposing of it in any form, the con-
sideration of it was, by motion, or by unanimous
consent, postponed until to-day; and to-day, in
the opinion of the Chair, this resolution stands
before the House precisely as it did when it was
presented by the committee, and decides that this
resolution is in order.
Mr.TUCK. I move to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is such a motion in order?
The SPEAKER, ft is not in order. The gen-
tleman will recollect the rule, that when one hour
has been consumed m leporU from committees,
it is in order to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the pending ques-
tion is the report of the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. - It is.
Mr. CLINGMA N. The House, the other day,
refused to sustain the previous question when it
was moved, and the whole matter is now before
the [louse. I am not. disposed to occupy the time
of the House in discussing this question. I regret
that the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pitcii,J
who hud a motion to propose in reference to this
matter, is not in his seat, i know what his pur-
pose was; and, with a view of ascertaining the
sense of the House without taking up any tune in
discussing it, I move to recommit this report to
the Committee on Printing, with instructions that
they report to the House what arrangements they
have made for the execution of the public printing.
1 make that motion in order that, if the previous
question shall be moved by the gentleman fiom
Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] and the House should
sustain it, we may get a vote upon that.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order for this House to
give any instruction to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that the Chair decided the other day, that that
was a question rather for the House, than for the
Chair to determine. As to the effect of instruct-
ing a joint committee, it must be for the House,
and not for the Chair to decide.
Mr. STUART. The Speaker will recollect that
when I raised the question of order the other day,
the Chair decided that it was not in order to in-
struct the committee, inasmuch as it was ajoint com-
mittee. I am aware of the decision, to which the
Speaker refers, made at a former period, but I
made the point subsequently, at which time the
Speaker decided as I have said.
The SPEAKER. In the hurry of business, the
Chair may have made such a decision.' The
Chair now decides that it is for the House to deter-
mine what the effect will be of any attempt to in-
struct the Committee on Printing. It is aquestion
rather of power, than of order arising under our
rules. The matter being germane and connected
with the subject under discussion, the Chair thinks
that is the proper decision.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will barely say, then,
that I was in hopes that before I occupied the floor,
to see, in his seat, the gentleman from Indiana
over the way, [Mr. Fitch] who I know desires to
make a proposition. I desire that the question
may be placed in such a position that we may get
the sense of the House upon it. I move, there-
fore, to recommit this report to the Committee on
Printing, with instiuctions to report to the House
what they have heretofore done, what steps they
have taken to secure the execution of the public
printing; and with the further instruction to the
committee to let out such printing as the present
contractor cannot execute, to the lowest responsi-
ble bidder upon ten days' notice.
Mr. STUART. 1 wish to submit a question of
order upon that proposition, if it is submitted in
writing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair requires the prop-
osition to be submitted in writing.
Mr. McMULLlN. Has the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. CjlincmanJ a right to the
floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is in the act of preparing a proposition
connected with the subject of printing.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will it now be in order to
submit a motion to the House?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will yield the floor for that purpose, it is
in order. Does the gentleman from North Caro-
lina relinquish the floor?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not desire to occupy
the floor. I want to put my amendment in writ-
ing, and I will give way to the gentleman from
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan was recognized, who also postponed his re-
marks, as he stated himself, until the gentleman
from North Carolina had offered his proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man, or anybody else. I merely want to get my
proposition before the House.
Mr. McMULLlN. Allow me to appeal to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu\rt.] I was
desirous, in order to have this matter fully and
fairly understood, to let the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Fitch,] who is not now in his seat, i
submit his proposition. My purpose is, to move
that the rules be suspended," and that the House
go into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order. Will the gentleman yield for that pur-
pose*
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to occupy the
floor until the gentleman from North Carolina
submits his proposition. Then 1 intend to raise
aquestion of order upon that proposition; and, if
the whole subject is to go over, I, of course, will
yield the floor. Whenever that subject comes up
m order, I wish to state to the Chair, for his de-
cision, the point of order I shall make upon it.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, who seems to desire
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitci-i]
should be in his place, to yield the floor to me for
the purpose of moving that the rules be suspended,
and that the House go into the Committee of the
Whole upon the special order. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for that purpose?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot relinquish the
floor until I get my amendment before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina declines to give his assent, although he
has no power to do so, as the gentleman from
Michigan has the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will submit my propo-
sition, so as to present both questions separately,
so that, if either should be ruled out of order—and
I take it both are in order—the House will still be
brought to a vote upon one. I am satisfied, how-
ever, that we have a right to instruct this cofri-
mittee, justas we may instruct the Library, or any
other joint committee. It will beaquestion whether
that instruction is binding upon the whole com-
mittee, or only upon a part of the committee—that
part appointed by the House. I have no doubt
that the Chair is right in deciding that it is a ques-
tion for the House to deteimine, and not a ques-
tion of order, to be determined by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Theproposition will be read
by the Clerk:
Resolved, That the House Committee on Piintingho, and
are hereby, instructed to report to this I-lmi-'c what, if any,
arrangement lias been made to have the public pnntmg ex-
ecuted ; and it any other than the public printoi has been
employed, to report what puccN they have agreed to pay ;
and that the said committee be iustiuetcd to let out *uch
punting as the present conti actor cannot execute, to the low-
est responsible bidder, after ten days' noticc.
The SPEAKER. In the particular form in
which the gentleman presents this resolution, the
Chair determines it out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, sir, 1 appeal from
that decision.
The SPEAKER. From this decision the gen-
tleman from North Carolina appeals. The Chair
feels very confident, however, that he can satisfy
the gentleman, if he will hear a suggestion from
the Chair.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will yield with pleasure,
to hear any suggestion from the Chair.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I was about to
appeal to the gentleman from North Carolina to
yield me the floor, to make a suggestion which I
think it right to submit.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I shall be pleased to hear
any suggestion upon this point of order.
The SPEAKER. This is an independent res-
olution, having upon its face no connection with
the report of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The first part of the res-
olution was handed to me by a friend.
The SPEAKER. It is not a motion to re-
commit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, sir, I must insert
the words. I commenced writing, when a friend
handed me those, which he thought would answer
my purpose, and I added other words to it. I
desire the following words to be inserted: "That
this report be recommitted to the committee, with
instructions."
The SPEAKER. Then there is no question of
order between the gentleman and myself.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order
upon that proposition, which I should like to state
to the Chair, and have his decision distinctly. It
is twofold in its character. In the first place,
there is no such committee as that referred to in
the proposition, (the House Committee on Print-
ing.) There is no such committee.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is well
taken to that extent.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state the remainder
of this proposition, but I do not want to disturb
the House. *
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman wait
until the resolution is modified ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask that my proposition,
as modified, may now be read.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state that it is not
competent to instruct the committee in regard to
anything except that which was pertinent to the
subject-matter recommitted. This is a proposition
to print a given number of extra copies of a par-
ticular report; and you cannot, in submitting such
a proposition as that, submit instructions uncon-
nected with it and reaching the question of printing
generally. Your instructions can be no broader
than the subject-matter recommitted, for the rea-
son that it is not germane to the main proposition.
The instructions were again read by the Clerk,
as was also the original resolution reported by the
committee, (as inserted previously.)
The SPEAKER. That resolution embraces the
Patent Office Report as part of the public printing,
and connects itself so intimately with the public
printing that the Chair does not feel authorized to
rule the instructions out of order upon that ground.
Mr. CARTTER. * I wish to suggest to my
friend from Michigan that he seems to misappre-
hend the tenor of these instructions.
Mr. STUART. I desire to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
