8H0
mjm®,'
Jail, 23.
abounds, and procure its reference to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, where alone it can be corrected.
Or, better sfill, as we shall soon have a bill from
JUie Senate meeting the purpose for which this bill
!• *(vas designed, that he lay this upon the table. 1
* shall not, of coarse, make this motion, as there
may be o.ther gentleman entertaining opinions, and
desiring to express them in reference to it, different
from those which I have urged. But my declining
to make the maiion is not from entertaining any
doubt that such would be the most appropriate
disposition of the bill, for itMfcertainly one which
in its present shape, is not flro become a law.
Mr. CLARK. The grounds of my desire to
present a few reflections upon the bill which is now
before the House, will be found in the fact that
the provisions of this bill intimately interest my
constituents. Perhaps the people of no State will
be more seriously affected by the provisions of this
bill than those of the State which I have the honor
to represent here; and this remark, Mr. Speaker,
applies generally, not only to those who are now
citizens of that State, but to all who expect to be-
come citizens hereafter. And not only so, but
there are those there who are personally interested
in this bill; and it is upon this account that I pro-
pose briefly to consider some of the provisions
both of the original bill and of the substitute, tt
will not be my object to travel over the whole
groiiHi, and consider all the sections and all the
provisions which arise upon these two bills.
I was glad, Mr. Speaker, to learn that the chair-
man of the special committee which reported the
substitute, sent up an amendment the other day
to the first section of the bill, in reference to the
mode by which the warrants shall be assigned. I
think that it would unquestionably create great
confusion if there should be thirty-one different
modes of assigning land warrants, in accordance
•with the laws of each of the thirty-one States of
the Union. Now, tiie very fact that you propose
to make warrants assignable, presupposes another
fact, that you mean to give them a marketable
value; that you mean an advantage shall accrue to
the warrantee as well as to those who shall pur-
chase them. Now, sir, if they shall he attended
with such clogs as will prejudice their value in the
market, why then your original purpose is to that
extent contravened and defeated. How would
these warrants pass from hand to hand, except at
a diminished price, unless they shall pass freely
without any restriction^ and under such circum-
stances that those who propose to purchase them
shall know that their assignments are "according to
law? Where do these warrants go for a market,
and where do they find purchasers? In the first
place they find them in the cities of the East,
and in the next place in the neighborhoods of the
land offices in the various districts of the West.
And there it is, as well as here, that they are pur-
chased by those who expect to use and locate
them upon the public domain. Will these pur-
chasers, sir, give as much for these land warrants
when it cannot be known, or if known, yet with
great difficulty and uncertainty, whether they have
been assigned according^ law ? And how shall they
know unless they have the means of referring to the
statutes of the different States, whether they have
been assigned in the mannerin which deeds are re-
quired to be signed and authenticated in the several
States in which such assignment shall be made ?
It is impossible that the purchaser can know
with that certainty, upon which reliance may be
placed; and whenever a warrant is offered to him,
his natural answer would be, "that inasmuch
as I have something to risk in reference to this
matter, I cannot, and will not, give as much for it
as though there was that certainty upon which I
can rely." This will be his natural reply. But,
if the mode prescribing the transfer of these war-
rants is made by the Secretary of the Interior, it
"will be uniform;*d within, perhaps, less than
twenty days after the mode is prescribed, it will
be known in all the distant parts of the United
States. There will be none ignorant of it. I think,
then, decidedly, that the amendment offered by the
chairman of the select committee, [Mr. Dunham,]
in regard to the mode of assignment, is one in
itself wise and expedient, and that it ought to be
adopted. The next provision in the substitute which
has been offered, to which I shall call the attention
of the House for a few moments, is that in refer-
ence to the compensation of those who have here-
tofore performed service in the location of land
warrants without pay. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Pitch,] who last spoke, has so fully
investigated the facts of this case, that I shall not.
stop to consider them, but merely the principle
involved. I believe it is an admitted fact, that
those who have rendered services inyour land
offices, in the location of land warrants, have not
received that compensation to which their ser-
vices are entitled; and now I ask, upon what prin-
ciple it is that those who have heretofore performed
services for this Government, shall be left without
compensation ? I ask the chairman who reported
this substitute, why it is that those who have al-
ready performed services are left to leanness and
injustice, when those who are hereafter to perform
like services are to be paid for their labor ? Can
the gentleman tell us what is the distinguishing
principle between those who have rendered ser-
vices, and those who are to render service, in ref-
erence to compensation? Is there any? I-wish
to call the gentleman's attention to that point—I
wish to fasten his mind upon it; and I wish him
to satisfy the House what distinguishing principle
there is between those officers who have performed
a service, and those who are hereafter to render
the same service. If there is any, it is in favor of
those who have already performed the service.
Why, have they not performed them in view of
the honor, the justice, and the good faith of this
G-overnment? Whenever you have invited indi-
viduals to labor for you, and have provided no
specific compensation, is it to be tolerated as a
precedent, or as a matter of principle, that they
shall go unrewarded? I hear gentlemen say that
they were under no obligation to have retained
their office, and have performed the service which
was required of them. Are they to be disposed of
ill this summary way—I might say in this inequi-
table way? Whenever you absolve yourself from
your good faith—whenever you tread your good
faith under foot, and do not perform that which
you are reasonably expected to perform to-
wards your citizens, that moment you do an in-
jury to the citizens, which will recoil upon you,
and which you wiil be made to feel. You hold
out no inducement to faithfulness and devotion on
the part of those upon whom you call for labor.
Why, it seems to me, if there is anything in a dec-
laration of this kind, that it applies only to those
who are to hold office hereafter. When you have
refused to grant them compensation, they will then
know what course to pursue; they will know that
you do not mean to reward them, and they will
protect themselves. But, such is .not the fact
with reference to those who have already per-
formed the services. I will read a brief extract
from a letter to me by one of the officers of the
land office in my district. He says, in addi-
tion to the above, referring to his memorial—
" We beg leave to add, that of the new warrants
' for which there is no compensation allowed,
' there have been located at this office, during the
' last two weeks, nearly one thousand; the labor
' attending which would employ three competent
' clerks." I can vouch for the truthfulness of this
man.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to know from
the gentleman at what place that officer resides.
Mr. CLARK. Dubuque, Iowa. Now, let
gentlemen bear in mind, there is a limit fixed by
law beyond which the compensation of your offi-
cers cannot go. I have no objection to a modifi-
cation—to a scaling of their compensation, if the
House think proper to do so; but I contend for
the principle, the main principle, that they shall be
paid as much as they reasonably deserve. An-
other fact, that may not be known to gentlemen
here who are not intimately conversant with af-
fairs of this kind, is, that the land officers are
allowed nothing for rent and nothing for clerk
hire, nothing for fuel or stationery. They have
to provide themselves with all of these things,
and their salary is but $500, and the other rem-
nant of their compensation is made up of per-
centage upon moneys received. Noffi. you have
set afloat a' large amount of land(pfcrip, with
which your public domain is to be entered upon,
and, as a natural consequence, you have curtailed,
m a great measure, the purchase of lands with
cash. Therefore there is no percentage, and the
compensation of your land officers is reduced to a
mere pittance. As it is now, it is hardly equal to
the crumbs that fall from their master's table.
These land officers have performed service in the
location of land warrants from the time of the
passage of the original act granting bounty lands
to those who served in the Mexican war, which
was in February, 1847, up to June of that year.
For all that was done between these periods no
compensation has been received. I believe there
was an act passed in June of that year by
which they "were allowed a certain compensation
upon warrants thereafter to be located. - Again,
the act of 1850, which has thrown wide-cast the
greatest amount of warrants, provides for no
compensation to them for their location. At
any rate it provides for no compensation, and
this is the kind of warrants to which the au-
thor of 4he communication from which I have
read alludes. Now, I ask whether it is not hard
enough that a mail should earn his bread under
the curse, to wit, by the sweat of his brow, and
get his bread when he has earned it ? I ask if
gentlemen sitting here as a grand inquest in a mat-
ter of this kind, to do justice to our fellow-citizens,
are to turwgkem away with such great injustice
as cannotwm to awaken jealousy and rankling of
heart ? I am sure that it would be a violation of
the plainest principles of justice—it would not
be Jew—it would not be Christian. I do not
believe it would be Mohammedan. I am sure
it is not law. Why, sir, me Jewish law would
not suffer the mouth of the ox to be muzzled
that treadeth out the corn, and the Christian pre-
cept is, that the laborer is worthy of his hire.
I do not know exactly what the Koran says
upon the subject, but the law says that a man
who has served his fellow-man shall receive as
I much as he reasonably deserves to have. The
principle is not altered when the case is between
an individual and the Government. Because you
are sovereign or law-makers, do you lift your-
selves above law and the principles of law? Be-
cause you cannot be reached ill the execution of
the law, therefore do you tread the principles of
law under foot? I will believe it when I see it,
and never before. I believe this Government has
heretofore observed good faith in reference to
those who have performed services for it, and I
do not believe that it is yet ready to cut loose from
that principle, and to say that they will have no
more of it. 1 shall not dwell upon that section of
the substitute, wlych provides for the issuing of a
new batch of bounty land warrants. I will con-
tent myself simply with saying, that as at present
advised, I am against that provision. I am glad
that there is one section of this bill which I can
approve, and that is the Gth: " That the warrants
' which have been or may hereafter be issued in
' pursuance of said act may be located upon any
' lands of the United States subject to private entry
* at the time of such location."
This is as it should be, and this is the most im-
portant part of this bill. There is no portion of
it which is so material to the new States, and I
may say to all the States—at any rate, to all those
in the old States who expect to emigrate and be-
come settlers in the new. Here I shall feel it my
duty, in a cursory manner, to recur to the argu-
ment made by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Tuck,] and also to the argument made
the other day by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bis?ell.]
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Tuck] seems to plant himself upon what he per-
haps would denominate a principle in antagonism
to speculators. It seems that speculators are a
prominent class of men in the mind of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire. He would pursue a
policy which would cut short the speculators from
obtaining the public lands. He says, that if you
suffer land warrants to be located upon the public
domain to an extent as wide as they are surveyed
and offered in market, the lands will fall into the
hands of speculators. I can assure the gentleman
from New Hampshire, that all his reasoning upon
this point is based upon false facts, and therefore
the force of his reasoning is neutralized and de-
stroyed. The gentleman resides in the midst of
the granite hills of New Hampshire. I reside in
the midst of the great prairies of the West, where
there are large tracts of public lands. I think I
know the operations of this thing. I think I can
with safety say, that speculations in lands have
ceased long ago, except as here and there an indi-
vidual may have entered a small amount upon
speculation. Why, they have found it a losing
business years ago." It has been perhaps ten to
