1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May b,
this aetion; .but I desire to be distinctly understood
as having no feeling of a personal character in r"e-
fard to this subject, and I intend, from this time
enceforth, as I have hitherto, to refrain entirely
from any participation in this discussion of the
publieprinting. i thinki sir; that there is a great
question involved in it, which is paramount to all
divisions and all subdivisions of party, and it is
this: the importance of having this printing done
promptly, andjn a manner creditable to the coun-
try. -1 will only say, for ihyself, that I have been
opposed to this principle of contracting from its
inception, as being one of those things wrong in
principle, and utterly worthless in practice. There
js no. remedy for the evil. I care not how good a
man's security may be, even if you will concede
that the country will prosecute him, and will re-
cover the damages. "Why, your public records
are printed upon worthless paper, that will not
survive very long the ordinary decay of time, and
there is no remedy for it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 rise to a point of order, and
it is this: Upon the point of order made by the
gentleman, he,has no right to discuss the contract
system, or the manner in which the public-print-
ing is executed. He is now going into that kind
of argument which, needs reply, and there is no
telling where it wdl stop.
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to discuss
that at all. • I was about to say this:- After stating
the grounds upon which I take this appeal, and it
is all I desire to say, and that is, to call upon this
House to put an end to this sort of discussion—
not to tolerate these points of instruction.
Mr.' CLINGMAN. I must submit that the
gentleman's remarks are irrelevant to the point of
order made on the instructions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is wandering.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing that the gentleman
shall proceed, provided*we are to have the oppor-
tunity of replying.
Mr. STUART. Does the Speaker decide that
1 am not in order in asking gentlemen to vote to
sustain this point of order against the admissibil-
ity of these instructions, and to state my reasons
for so doing?
The SPEAKER. Thagentleman has that right.
Mr. STUART. Now,, is it not the most legit-
imate reason which can be urged, to say that these
instructions delay this printing—that they delay
all the printing of Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to go into the general question of print-
mg by contract or otherwise. In doing so, the
Chair thinks the gentleman was not in order.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. I expressly dis-
claimed anything of that sort.
The SPEAKER. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to nsk the question,
whether the peculiarity of circumstances attending-
this priming is not the occasion of delay.
Mr. STUART. That is a very general ques-
tion, and may be answered by a very general an-
swer. I am disposed to keep m the'line of argu-
ment which the Speaker has laid down, and which
the House seems to require. [ will say to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Carttur,] that I know
of no peculiar circumstances attending this ques-
tion, except those circumstances which grow out
of the very system itself.
Mr. GORMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man as making; a point of order upon the question,
whether the House have a right to call upon us
for tlie_pric.es of this printing5 One branch of this
resolution calls upon us for the prices, as I under-
stand it., Am I right? Is that the branch of the
resolution upon which the gentleman makes his
point of order?
Mr. STUART. I make it upon this point, that
the instructions relate to the subject of the public
printing generally, and do not relate to the subject-
matter sought to be recommitted.
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to say to the Housp,
anil to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Sti*art,] that the House have an unquestionable
right, under the law, to know about the prices.
They have an unquestionable right to require a
report of the prices; and I have "here the precise
sum to a cent. The law requires us to do so.
Mr. CLIJfGMAJY. After we are .done with
the subject-matter now pending, I trust this ques-
tion will lie gone through with. I object to this
irregular discussion, because it will not be in order
to reply to these points. Let us settle the ques-
tion of order first.
The SPEAKER. The proposition made by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] is not
strictly in order; certainly not upon an appeal from
the decision of the.Chair.
Mr. GORMAN. I trust the Speaker will in-
dulge-me. "I thought that the suggestion would
obviate the necessity of making a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The report of prices would
not be in ordernow.
Mr. GORMAN. The law requires the proba-
ble expenses to be reported to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 must submit that this
can have nothing to do with the point of order be-
fore the House.
Mr. STUART. I was about to say, that I
thought, this question was one which was para-
mount to all party divisions and subdivisions. If
we tolerate the principle that every time a subject
comes up under our rule—which is an imperative
one—carrying the question of printing the extra
number to the Committee ,on Public Printing; if,
every time they make a report we adopt the prin-
ciple that that report cannot be recommitted; and
that instructions can be sent with it that do not
propose to modify or change that report in the
least; if, as I was saying, (and I presume there
are not tw-o gentlemen in the House who take
exceptions to the publication of this report, and
the extra numbers,) we tolerate the principle in-,
volved now in these instructions, I ask gentlemen
of this Hou^e, when will we get the business done?
What is the prospect in that"view ? What length
of time has been consumed already?
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order,
lie is not discussing the question of order. He is
discussing a question of time in transacting die
ordinary business of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order in the latitude he has taken.
Mr. STUART. 1 regret it, indeed, if I am out
of order; and if I supposed I was talking against
the sense of the House, I would not consume its
time an instant. I care not, personally, what be-
comes of tins matter. I do not care where it goes
to., But I do say that it is our doty—our imper-
ative duty—to take such a course in legislation
here under the rules, as will facilitate the business
of the country. If we adopt the principle now
sought to be established by these instructions,
and resume this question of public printing every
time the question of printing extra numbers goes
to the committee under the rules, I ask, when, in
the name of God, when will we get through the
public business ? It never can be done. I feel,
myself, individually, the effects of tins proposi-
tion. At, the end of five months in this session, I
feel the responsibility which rests upon this Con-
gress, and upon me as one of the members of this
House, when it may be almost literally said that
we have done nothing. Can it be that we can go
thus far? Can it be that, we can go m the verv
teeth of an existing law? The law, fixes this
matter imperatively- The direction and super-
vision of the public printing is given over to the
Committee on Printing by law. Can it be that
upon an isolated subject, such as the printing of
the extra numbers of this document, we can, by
instructions, open up the whole subject of print-
ing?—for this will he the whole effect of it. If
these instructions prevail, and the committee re-
port this subject back to the House, what will be
the consequence?
The whole subject is before this House. Is it
necessary to embrace a proposition to amend the
law in your instructions? Is it necessary for the
purpose of amending the law? Not at all. The
law can be amended without this incipient move-
ment,. It lias no relation to it. It does not
facilitate it. And if this subject can be opened
up, I say upon the score of instructions that can
have no pertmency_to the subject under consid-
eration, I can concciveofno time when the regular
business of the country will probably be done. It
is upon this principle, and this principle only,
that I call upon gentlemen in this House, in the
most friendly manner, (and I hope it is not neces-
sary for me to disclaim any intention to dictate
to honorable gentlemen what they shall do, or any
attempt to lecture anybody upon their course and
conduct,) to stop such procedure which will de-
feat action upon the public- business. I make
these remarks in the way of appeal to gentlemen
who I know are as honest and sincere in their de-
sire to facilitate the legislation of the coutitiy as
I possibly can be. Let us, then, at once pro-
ceed to the legitimate and regular business of .the
House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Has that any reference to
the question of order?
Mr. CARTTER. He wants to save the time
of the House.
Mr. STUART. The Chair has expressly de-
cided—and if his decision prevails, the conse-
quences will be such as 1 have pointed out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not make
such a decision.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] will allow me to say that if I have
been understood by this House, 1 am riot only
abundantly satisfied, but greatly obliged. I will
save the gentleman the trouble of raising anyfur-
iher questions of order, by taking my seat.
Mr. CARTTER. I passed it over, jvitli the
condition that he would move to lay the subject
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
last remark of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.] Did the gentleman make a motion just
before sitting down ?
Mr. STUAIIT. I said I would leave the sub-
ject, so as to relieve the gentleman from Ohio from
further trouble.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say 
Mr. STANLY. 1 rise to a question of order.
I have not addressed the House upon this subject,
and I have only a word to say. My colleague
has spoken. Am I not-entitled to say that word?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to remind the
Chair, that I have not spoken upon this point of
order, made by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart.] Hemade his point, arid has been
the only speaker. I spoke upon the first propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Ci.incman,] according to the rec-
ollection of the Chair, has not had the fioor upon
this question, except by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not follow the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,} as he has
! discussed this matter at considerable length, i
will speak directly to his pointof order, and I ask
the attention of the gentleman but for a single mo-
ment. The first point made by the gentleman is,
that ihese instructions do not require the com-
mittee, to change the number of documents ordered
to be printed. Why, I need not argue the ques-
tion with him, and this House, that we have a
right to recommit this report without any instruc-
tions at all. Nothing is more common than for
the House to recommit, and it is certainly singular
for a gentleman now gravely to make it a point of
order that we do not instruct the committee upon
a specific point. Why, we have a right to do it,
with or without instructions, and the House may
make them as broad or narrow as they please.
The second point to which I now come—for these
two points are all I shall say anything about—is
this, that this will change the existing law. What
is the existing law ? The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] states it correctly when he
says that this contractor, when the printing shall
be let out to somebody else, is liable for the dif-
ference. How are you to make him liable? Only
by letting it to the lowest bidder. For example,
if this piece of work be worth $1,000, Boyd Ham-
ilton's price, and he neglects to do it, and the com-
mittee employ another man by the name of Tow-
ers, who offers to do it for §3,500, why, if he be
the lowest bidder, of course Hamilton would have
to pay $,500. Suppose the committee, as a matter
of favoritism, should'give it to Donelso'n & Arm-
strong for $9,000, will the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] contend, that when this print-
ing was worth but $1,500, these men, to do a
favor, should be allowed to charge §2,000 for it.
Why, it is preposterous. There is no court upon
earth that would sanction it, and no principles of
j common fairness and honesty to this printer would
[ justify it. This resolution, therefore, instructs
! the committee to carry out the existing law, which
is to let out the public printing to the lowest bid-
der, and make the public printer liable for the dif-
ference.
Mr. JOHNSON. For one minute, which the
