888
J The
House
on the
nessee,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
The rules, were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the statejof the Union, (Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, m the chair.)
MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the coftsideration of the President's
annual message.
Mr. BAYLY. The Mexican indemnity bill
being an appropriation bill, I believe, has prece-
dence, and f move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to provide fur the carrying into execution, in
further part, the twelfth article of the treaty with
Mexico, concluded in Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Marshall] to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] and that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr Bayly] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, I had ex-
pected that I should never be called upon again to
address the House of Representatives upon the
subject of this bill. At the first session of the last
Congress, a bill, precisely similar to this, except
as to the amount appropriated, was reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means unanimously.
It underwent a thorough discussion in this House,
when everything was brought to its attention which
has since been advanced, and it passed by a vote
of 128 to 36—there being fewer votes against the
bill, than are usually given against all the appro-
priation bills, no matter how unexceptionable in
themselves. The bill then went to the Senate,
and was again discussed there, and it passed that
body almost without opposition—I mean so far
as the vote was concerned. At the last session of
Congress, the matter was again brought before
this House by the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. !{. was again thor-
oughly discussed, and so meagre was the opposi-
tion to the bill, that its opponents could not even
get the yeas and nays upon its passage.
Again, at the present session of Congress, the
Committee of Ways and Means, composed al-
most entirely of new members, after having ex-
amined the subject thoroughly, have, as I am
told, by the unanimous vote of that committee,
again reported this bill. Now, it would seem that
further discussion in reference to this subject was
superfluous; but it seems a certain gentleman has
taken upon himself, under date of the 22d of No-
vember last, to address a long memorial to the
President of the United States, calumniating the
Secretary of State—the financial organs at the last
Congress of the two Houses of Congress—and as
aneeessary consequence, the two Houses of Con-
gress themselves which sustained them. And that
gentleman, with an assurance peculiarly his own,
has asked thePresident to file that memorial among
the archives of the Government. Now, I take it
for granted that the President of the United
States will not give it any such destination. The
keeper of those archives is paid by the Govern-
ment for a different purpose than to preserve
calumnies upon the Secretary of the Department
to which he is attached, and upon the financial
organs of the two Houses of Congress, and by
consequence, as I have said, upon the two Houses
themselves. But, this memorial has also been
laid upon the table of every member of the two
Houses, and I have found by the debate here, that
it has created some impression upon the minds of
a small portion of the members upon this floor.
Such being the case, I feel it to be my duty to no-
tice his pretended statement of facts.
In relation to his calumnies upon myself, I shall
say nothing. I have lived for forty years without
a reproach upon my private character in vain; it
is in vam that the people of my State, and the Le-
gislature of that State, have expressed their con-
fidence in me in almost every form in which it
could be done; it is in vain that the House of
Representatives have expressed a similar confi-
dence, and that to such an extent as few of my
predecessors have enjoyed, if the calumnies of Duff
Green, and his associates will affect my character
in the estimation of anybody whose good opinion
is desirable.
Before I proceed to the consideration of this me-
morial, for the information of this House, com-
posed as it is to a large extent of new members,
and who may not be as well informed in relation
to the subject, from its inception, as I am, I feel
it my duty to refer to the history of the mode of
payment of these Mexican indemnities.
By the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, we came
under an obligation to pay to the Mexican Gov-
ernment fifteen millions of dollars, in five pay-
ments—the first in hand, and the other four in
annual installments, with interest. The first pay-
ment was made down. So much of it as was paid
in money, was paid by an arrangement with the
Rothschilds. By that arrangement Rothschilds
were to receive from us an amount m Treasury
notes, at par, equal to the sum paid by them. At
that time Treasury notes, as I believe, were at a
premium ; so in the first payment, made by Mr.
Polk's administration, the Government received no
premium, but rather paid one.
The first installment was paid by Mr. Walker,
by an arrangement with the Barings. By this
arrangement the Barings were to pay the money
and allow us four and one half per cent, for con-
ducting the transaction. These two payments
were made under Mr. Polk's administration. The
next was negotiated under General Taylor's ad-
ministration. He intrusted the negotiation to Mr.
Letcher, our Minister at Mexico. The great dif-
ficulty which, he encountered in making that pay-
ment, as disclosed by his dispatches to the Gov-
ernment, I fully showed in a speech upon a former
occasion. At one time he despaired of making
any arrangement; but at last he contracted with
Howland & Aspinwall to pay a portion of the
installment at three per cent., and the remainder
with the Rothschilds at three and a half per cent.
The management of this matter was taken, as I
have before explained, by General Taylor's ad-
ministration, from the Secretary of the Treasury
and transferred to the Secretary of State. So it
stood when Mr. Fillmore came in. Mr. Webster
contracted with the Barings, Howland & Aspin-
wall, and Corcoran & Riggs, to make the payment
at three and a half per cent. At the time of making
the contract, that was the only offer before the Sec-
retary of State. The Rothschilds had previously
submitted a proposition to give a premium of four
per cent., but according to the terms of the prop-
osition if not accepted before the 20th of May, it
was to be considered as withdrawn. Subsequently
they extended the time till the 1st of July; but the
1st of July passed without making the contract;
and by the terms of the proposition itself, it was
withdrawn. The only proposition, therefore,
which was before the Secretary of State when this
contract was made, was that of Corcoran & Riggs,
Howland & Aspinwall, and the Barings.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an inquiry?
Air. BAYLY. I beg to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Allen,] and all others,
that J hope they will not interrupt me. I fear I
shall not be able to conclude what I have to say in
my hour, and I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. ALLEN. I only desire the gentleman to
allow me for but a moment.
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot. I was proceeding to say
that the arrangement made by Mr. Webster was
less advantageous to the contractors than the best
one of Mr. Walker. Mr. Walker £ot four and a
half per cent, fur the first installment, but at that
time the export duty in Mexico upon specie was
ten percent., while at the time of Mr. Webster's
arrangement it was but four and a half per cent.,
as Duff Green states it, but five and a half per
cent, as 1 believe the fact to be. Mr. Webster's
arrangement was better than that made by Mr.
Letcher at three per cent, for a part, and three and
a half per cent, for the remainder; and yet Mr.
Letcher maintained that his was better than Mr.
Walker's.
I come now to the proposition of Duff Green,
which Mr. Webster would not entertain at all.
That proposition was to authorize the Mexican
Government to draw drafts upon our Government
for the amount of the installments, and for them to
allow us four and a half per cent., which was
stated to be the Mexican export duty upon specie.
Green and his associates, as they state, were to
receive three and a half per cent., which makes
eight per cent. Now, I undertake to say, and to
prove here, that that proposition was the worst for
the Mexican Government, which was made. I
shall come to its effect upon our Government after
a while. Eight per cent, was to be paid before
Mexico got a dollar.
But Green says in his memorial that Mexico
would have made money by this arrangement,
because exchange between the city of*Mexico and
New York was from ten to fifteen per cent. If it
was ten per cent, they would gain tw.o per cent.,
and if it was fifteen per cent, they would gain seven
per cent. Now I have upon thatpointto say,that
the man who says that the real exchange—I do
not mean the nominal but the real exchange be-
tween the city of Mexico and New York—is either
tenor fifteen per cent., propounds an absurdity,
and nothing else. Everybody who ^nows any-
thing upon the subject of finance, %knows that, in
the absence of legal obstacles, the real exchange
between two places is no more than the cost of
transporting the specie, including insurance, com-
mission, and freight.
Now, sir, what is the cost of transferring specie
from Mexico to New York? There is the export
duty of four and one half per cent., as Green states
it. An eminent banker, formerly a member of this
House from N ew Jersey, [Mr. King,] informed me
that the cost of the transportation of specie from
Mexico to New York is about one and a half per
cent. Including the export duty of four and a
half per cent., if such it be, the net exchange
between New York and Mexico is six per cent.;
and for the reasons I have stated, the man who says
that a silver dollar is worth fifteen per cent, more
in New York than it is in Mexico, propounds a
simple absurdity. Now, sir, I know that in
Mexico exchange on New York is quoted, when
at par, at about fifteen per cent. And why? Be-
cause London is the centre of the moneyed opera-
tions of the world, and all exchange is quoted with
reference to the London standard. In New York
the nominal exchange on London, when it is in
fact at par, is quoted at nine and one quarter per
cent. Why i  this? It arises from the different
standards in the two countries. A pound is $4 44
in London. It is $4 84 in the city of New York,,
making a difference of forty cents in the pound,
which is nine and a quarter per cent, within a
fraction. When, therefore, you say that ex-
change between New York and Mexico is fif-
teen per cent., it is composed of the per cent.
I have referred to of the export duty and the
cost of exporting specie, viz: the six per cent,
added to the nine and a quarter, making about
fifteen percent.; but the idea that the same dol-
lar is worth fifteen per cent, more in New York
than in Mexico, is, I say again, a simple absur-
dity.
Then, sir, Mexico would have got but the six
per cent, in reality. By Green's arrangement she
was to pay eight, and of course it was less advan-
tageous to her than the proposition the Govern-
ment adopted, which pays dollar for dollar in the
city of Mexico. But, as I have heretofore shown,
Mr. Green's proposition was not only worse in a
pecuniary point of view for Mexico, whose guar-
dian he would set himself up to be, but our Gov-
ernment could not have agreed to it without the
negotiation of a new treaty. His proposition pro-
posed to change the place, the time, and mode of
payment, and to take a less amount than the treaty
stipulated for. Now, it has been asked over and
over again—it was asked by my colleague yester-
day—cannot the two Governments vary this?
Certainly the two nations can; but they can only do
it in the mode established by their Constitutions;
and as my time will not permit me to elaborate this
point, as I could desire, let me put a single illustra-
tion: Suppose by a treaty negotiated between the
United States and Mexico in the regular form by
the two Governments, (I change the position of
the two parties to make it more clear to the minds
of members,) Mexico was bound to pay us. in the
city of Washington, a given amount of money
upon a given day: could the President of the
United States—could theSecretary of State—could
any other power than that which made this con-
tract, vary it as to the time and mode of payment,
and the amount to be received ? Could the Presi-
dent receive a less sum at a different place and
time? Why, the very statement of the proposi-
tion contains its refutation. Besides, sir, the
mode of payment which Green proposed was the
alternative mode contained in the treaty as nego-
tiated, and by a solemn vote of the Senate was
stricken out. The treaty, as sent to the Senate to
be ratified, contained this provision:
