1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
gentleman wished, I have given him two minutes
and a half.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say, hi
relation to the point raised by the gentleman that
we are getting no printing, I find that out of
ninety-three pieces of printing which have gone to
this man, he has finished eighty-five, and seven
are in progress.
Mr. JOHNSON, is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the .appeal
upon the table, as I promised the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] I omitted it at the
close of my remarks.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman allow me
-to- say a word ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not like to refuse the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to lay upon the
table withdrawn?
, Mr. QLINGMAN. I will withdraw it, if my
colleague will renew it.
Mr. STANLY- I will pledge myself to dp both,
or either, as the gentleman may think proper. I
concur with the views taken of this subject by the
gentlemanfromMichigan, [Mr. Stuart.] I should
like very much, whenever I can, to vole to sustain
the Chair, unless it is clear to my mind that 1 can-
not do so with propriety. I wish to submit this
consideration to the Chair with all respect: If the
•Committee on Pensions of this House report a
particular bill to give a pension, I would like to
know of the Chair, if this House can recommit
that particular bill to the Committee on Pensions,
with instructions altering the whole pension law?
It strikes me that they could, according to the de-
cision of the Speaker this morning, because this
subject relates to pensions. I think that the House
possesses no such power. We have no right to
alter the whole law, in relation to pensions, to suit
a particular case. I concur with the views of the
gentleman from Michigan, and I think the Chair
is wrong, and am bound to Vote against it. I will
make'the motion which my colleague desires, to
lay upon the table, or the previous question, as
gentlemen may wish.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. EYANS. I ask the gentleman from Ar-
kansas to withdiawhis motion for a few moments.
I will renew it.
The SPEAKER. The previous question being
demanded, no debate is in order.
Mr, POLK. I desire to ask the Chair if it
would be in order to move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table, and to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The appeal from the decision
of the Chair must first be disposed of.
Mr. POLK. I supposed that the appeal would
go upon the table with the rest of the subject.
Mr. EVANS. ] believe I have the floor with
the consent of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would yield to the gentle-
man with pleasure if he desired to propound a
question; but the kindly relations Which exist be-
tween that gentleman and myself, authorize me to
refuse to yield to him at all times when I deem
that the public business requires it.
Mr. EVANS.' Then T move to lay the appeal
upon the table. That expresses my views.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the appeal is
laid upon the table, will not that sustain the de-
cision of the Chair, and bring the House to a vote
upon the instructions?
The SPEAKER. It certainly will. The gen-
tleman from Michigan appeals from the decision of
the Chair upon two separate and distinct grounds:
first, that it is incompetent for this House alone to
instruct a joint committee of the two Houses. In
regard to that point, the decision of the Chair is,
that it will be for the House, and not for the Chair,
to determine how far their powers extend in that
direction.
But the gentleman from Michigan bases his
point of order upon the ground, secondly, that it
is not in order for the House to instruct the com-
mittee to inquire into the general question of pub-
lic printing whilst they are considering apart only
of that public printing. The decision of the Chair
is, that it is in order thus to consider of the mode
and manner of doing the public printing.
Mr. STUART. I wish to gay that the point
upon which the Speaker has just decided is not
precisely the one which I made.
The SPEAKER. The grounds upon which the
gentleman takes his appeal, will again be read for
the information of the House and of the Chair.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
"The point of order raided is this: That the subject
sousht to bo recommitted is a report from the Committee on
Public Punting, directing: the priming of a certain number
of extra copies of the repoit of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents. Ar>d that the instructions do not propose any modifi-
cation of the former report, or substitute for it, but relate to
the subject of public printing generally, and are m contra-
vention of the existing law."
The SPEAKER. Whether it is in contraven-
tion of the existing law, is also a matter for the
House to determine, and not for the Speaker to
decide, as a question of order. The report from
the Committee on Printing proposes that fifty
thousand extra copies of the Patent Office Report
be printed. That is certainly a part of the public
printing. A motion to recommit that resolution
to the committee to inquire how the fifty thousand
copies are to be printed, the Chair supposes, would
be in order, according to the gentleman's view.
Well, the Chair decides that that cannot be ascer-
tained at all, without touching the general law and
the general subject of public printing. It so inti-
mately connects itself with the general subject of
the printing of Congress, that the Chair does not
feel at liberty to decide it out of order. .It is cer-
tainly a,matter to be properly considered in deter- !
mining whether we will print fifty thousand copies !
of the Patent Office Report, to ascertain who is to
print them, how they are to be printed, when they
are to be printed, the character of the paper, and
all that sort of thing—all of which must lead to an
examination of the law upon the subject, and the
general question of the public printing. Connect-
ing itself thus with the general subject of print-
ing, the Chair therefore decides against the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Mich-
igan.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to have the opinion
of the Chair ufxm a point which is a little ahead
of us, but which will control my vote upon the
question now before the committee. I wish to
know whether the instructions 
Mr. CLINGfMAN, (interrupting,) I am sorry
to object to the question; but I think that we had
better first dispose of the question whether or not
the appeal shall lie upon the table, and then other
questions can come up.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not
know what he is objecting to yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman from North Carolina objects to any
discussion whatever.
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely want to know
whether the instructions are divisible?
The SPEAKER. The Chair .thinks they are
not.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to obtain
some information from the Chair. When the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] was address-
ing the House upon this question of order, and
was going into the subject of the public printing
generally, and was undertaking to show that there
had been delay in the public business in conse-
quence of the want of the public printing, I un-
derstood the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clikgman] to call him to order 
Mr. JOH NSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Mv friend's premises are too en-
larged entirely. The information he desires can-
not be furnished by the Chair.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I will make the inquiry
more brief. I desire to know if the Chair did not,
on a point of order made by the gentleman from
North Carolina, rule the gentleman from Michigan
out of order for discussing the public printing gen-
erally ?
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from Ar-
kansas move the previous question, or to lay the
appeal upon the table?
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. EVANS. I made a motion to lay the'ap-
peal on the table.
The SPEAKER. Well, that is not a debat-
able question, so the previous question is unne-
cessary.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays on
Mr. Evans's motion: and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 44; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, John Ap-
pleton, William Appleton? Ar-he, Averetj Babcock, David
J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bibighaus,_BQcoek,3Bragg,"
Breckinridge, Albert (*. Brown, George H. Brown/ Buelt,
Busby, E. Cairmgton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Claik, Cleveland,
Clingman, Cottman,Cuilom, Daniel, Dimruick, Doty,-Dun -
can, Duikce, Eastman, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner,
Ficklin, FUnd, Fowler, Henry M, Ful/er,jGentry,Gitld)ngs,
Gilmoie, (ioodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grey,
Grow, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Haws, Hascall, Hebard, Henn, Hibbard," Hilfyer, Horsford,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Ilowe, Thomas Y. How,
Inyersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, John Jolmsou,.j.
Glaney Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kuhns,
Landry, Mace, Mann, Humphrey Mar>hult, Mfwon, Mc-
Donald, MoLanahan, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen,
ATeachain, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, Morrison,
Murphy, Murray, Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker,-Feas-
lec,- Penn, Pe rim man, Perkins, Phelps, Poitei, llobbins,
Savage, Scudder, Ougen S. Seymour, Smith,'Benjamin
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens. gjotie,
St. Martin, Stroiher, Townshend, Walbridare, Wallace,
Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Addison White, and Wil-
liams— 122.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, TJiomas H. Bayly, Bart-
lett, ChasUm, Cliurchwell, CoU>, George T. Davis, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dockcry, Ewine, Fieeman, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Gaj lord, Hamilton, Haven, Hendricks, Hous-
ton, Howard, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George
W. Jones, Letcher, Lockhart. Martin, McCoikle, Mirier,
Morehead, Polk, Sohermerhorn, Scurry,, David L. Sey-
mour, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stratum, Sluait, Sweetser, Taylor, Geo. W. Thompson,
Thurston, Walsh, Ward, and Wilcox—44.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
The question recurred upon recommitting the
report to the Committee on Printing, with the in-
structions offered by Mr. Clingman.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved to amend the
motion by inserting after the word "resolved,"
the words " by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives."
Air. BAYLY said: I have no disposition to
detain the House by discussing that proposi-
tion 
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Arkansas to call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That was upon the appeal,
and the appeal has since been laid upon the table.
Mr. GORMAN. When I made the report rec-
ommending the printing of 50,000 extra copies 6f
the report of the Commissioner of Patents I neg-
lected to state.the cost. I now send to the table
a statement of the cost of the printing per copy.
The SPEAKER. For the information of.the
House?
Mr. GORMAN. It is my duty to do it under
the law.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a separate report.
Air. GORMAN. No, sir; it is a part or the
report now under consideration. The resolution
I reported was to print a certain number of extra
copies. The law requires that the.committcc shall
report on the propriety of printing " and the prob-
able expense thVreof." -1 forgot to do that.
Mr. CARTTER. The House is inquiring into
the action of a committee, and seeking to instruct
that committee. I understand that the chairman
of the committee now desires to make a report
himself as an addition to the original repnrt. Now,
I conceive that it is notin order for him to do that.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from Indiana
proposes, as the Chair understands it, to make
what he sends to the Chair a part of the report
made the other day.
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly, sir; it was my
duty to have done it then, but some how or other
I neglected it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
raises the point of order that that cannot be done.
Mr. CARTTER. It must proceed from the
committee, as a part of their report, and not from
an individual member of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I understand
the gentleman from Indiana to propose to amend
the report; and he does it with,the assent of. the
committee, who have authorized lum to do it.
Mr. CARTTER. Has there been any action
upon this proposed amendment to the report on
the part of the Senate branch of the committee?
Mr. STANTON. The Senate branch of the
committee have nothing whatever to do with it.
The law sends this matter to our branch of the
committee.
Mr. CARTTER. I thought it was a joint com-
mittee.
