1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
suits, and loss of property, who will be to blame?
Will it be the Commissioner of Public Buildings?
Certainly not, for he has warned Congress, through
the appropriate committee, and that Committee
comes in here, and, through its chairman, tells
vou that tins appropriation is necessary. I beg to
know if they do not understand this matter better
than this House? What trouble have we taken?
What man of this committee has taken the trouble
0 inform himself in regard to the condition of
hese bridges ? And yet, sir, the men appointed
for that purpose—the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, by their chairman, come here
and tell you that it is absolutely necessary that
this money should be appropriated, and insist
upon it. The gentleman from Arkansas, who, it
seems, is familiar with this matter, tells you, m his
usual earnest manner, that this appropriation is
absolutely necessary. INow, sir, m the name of
Heaven, how are we to legislate? Are we to le-
gislate upon our crude notions of economy? Here
is an appropriation which, if we can believe the
men who were appointed for the purpose of ascer-
taining the fact—and I trust no man will doubt
their sincerity, honesty, or intelligence—is neces-
sary, why should we go behind their opthions
upon a matter which they understand, and we con-
fessedly do not? Supposing we do, and when we
come together here again, next winter, we find
those bridges swept away, I ask whether there is
a man in the committee who opposes this appro-
priation, who will not feel guilty of neglect for
which he himself ought to be held in part respon-
sible? In my judgment, this is an appropriation
(and I am not very extravagant) which is called
for in the only mode in which we ought to vote
appropriations—upon the recommendation of the
appropriate committee. Is it said that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not seen lit to
put this item m the bill. I beg to know if they
are to override, in the discharge of their duties,
the committee whose appropriate duty it is to see
to this matter? The Committee of Ways and
Means ought not to he expected to go into these
details. They know that the committee appointed
for the purpose is the one to attend to it. And
when the Committee of Ways and Means see fit
to leave it out, I beg to know if the Committee on
Public Buildings and Public Grounds are not in
duty bound to make an appeal from t'he Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to the House ?—and
what gentleman is there here who will feel dis-
posed to withhold the small amount called for of
$4,900 for an object which every one here must
Relieve is an important and necessary one ?
Mr. HEBARD. I am opposed to that amend-
ment to increase the appropriation. I will say
here that I have no hostility to the District of
Columbia, and I have no stinted notions of econ-
omy in relation to making appropriations for any
of the purposes for which they are called. As
often as I have had occasion to vote upon them, I
have voted as liberally, I apprehend, as others.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleve-
land] seems to base his notions in relation to the
propriety of making this appropriation upon the
fact that the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Public Grounds has recommended
it, as he says, in a very earnest manner. He says
he is prepared to follow the recommendation of
that gentleman, because he knows more about it
than anybody else. Now, I should like to know
what that gentleman does know about it, more
than anyone of us? Has he examined these
bridges? Has he taken any testimony in relation
to the wants and necessities in regard to them?
Mr. CLEVELAND, f will answer the gen-
tleman's question. He asks what the chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
knows aboutthis matter, more than the rest of us?
1 answer, that he has tins information from the
gentleman who was appointed especially to take
care of this property—the Commissioner of Public
Buddings and Grounds. And I now ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont, in return, whether he has
taken the same trouble to inquire of that gentle-
man, whose especial duty it is to see to this
matter ?
Mr. HEBARD. I do not know that that inform-
ation becomes more important to us from having
been filtered through the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds. I suppose
all the information that comes from the Commis-
sioner comes alike to us all, and that we can act
on it as well from his recommendation as by having
it indorsed by the chairman, unless he has some
new facts to communicate.
Mr. STANTON", of Kentucky. I will say to
the gentleman, if he will permit me, that, by the
law of 1840, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds is directed to make his report to our
committee; and the law directs that we shall act
upon his report, and report it to the House before
it is acted upon by the House.
Mr. HEBARD. I had not said what I meant
to say, when the gentleman interrupted me. If I
had been allowed to proceed, I should have been
through by this time. I meant to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Connecticut, that when i
yesterday called on the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to know
whether or not the appropriation made at the last
Congress, in reference to the repair of these bridges
had been ex[3fended, the gentleman did not know,
but piesumed it had. I inquired of him, also, in
relation to the particular amount necessary for
these bridges, and he could only give it m general
terms, and by using the language of the Commis-
sioner on Public Buildings.
Mr. STANTON. I read you his report.
Mr. HEBARD. I mean this in reply to what
has been said by the gentleman from Connecticut.
This application does not come to us with any
more force, in my opinion, because the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds have recommend-
ed it, so long as they are in possession of no more
facts in regard to it thai? this House is in posses-
sion of. Now, I do not know but that this may
be all necessary; but the Committee of Ways and
Means have not made such an investigation in re-
gard to it as to have been able to recommend it.
it does not appear to me that anybody has made
such an investigation. If investigation had been
made, and the particular wants and necessities
pointed out, L certainly should have voted as cheer-
fully as any gentleman here, for the necessary
appropriation. The only hesitation I have, is be-
cause we are constantly running into expenditures
and extravagances without sulficient investigation.
The only question with me is, whether this money
is needed.
Mr. CLEVELAND asked for tellers, on the
amendment to the amendment; but they were not
ordered. *
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out the words " eight
hundred and fifty," so as to reduce the amount
of the appropriation to $4,000.
Mr. J. said: It has been assumed in the discussion
of this subject that the Government has forced the
owners of these bridges to sell them. So far from
that being the fact, .the owner of one of these
bridges, who has been employed in the Capitol for
many years, session after session of Congress, did
all in his power to induce the members of this
House to vote an'appropriation to buy thatbridge.
Not only this, but, to my knowledge, a distin-
guished Senator—a friend of that individual—upon
more than one occasion, and at more than one ses-
sion of Congress, came into this House when the
bill was pending, and appealed to the members of
this House to vote for the bill making an appro-
priation to buy that bridge. It is said, I know not
with what truth, that that individual—the owner
of one of these bridges—paid some two or three
thousand dollars for it, and then sold it to the Gov-*
eminent at a valuation, underan act passed in 1848,
I believe, appropriating $30,000 for the purchase of
these two bridges. That act directed the Secretary
of the Treasury to have the bridges valued, and
when they were valued, they were purchased and
paid for out of that sum of $,30,000. That is, so
far as I know, the history of thepurchase of these
bridges from their owners.
I think myself, that if the Government is to
keep up a bridge, one of these bridges is sufficient,
for I see that they are not more than a miie apart;
one of them is here at the navy-yard, and the other
is about one mile above it. If, for instance, the
upper bridge was superseded, or should go out of
use, I do not suppose it would extend the travel of
persons who live above, and who now cross at that
bridge, more than half a mile, if they had to come
to the lower bridge; nor would it, I suppose, in-
crease the travel of those who now cross the lower
bridge more than one mile,and perhaps not that, if
they had to go up to the other bridge. In this cor-
ner of the country down here between the Eastern
Branch and the Potomac, for whose particular
benefit the lower bridge is kept up, I suppose there
can be but very few persons. It is a very small
extent of country.
Mr. BOWIE. The lower bridge leads to a sec-
tion of country one hundred miles long, and on
the line of the mails from Washington when car-
ried by carriage. There are four counties lying
on the peninsula between the Potomac and Ches-
apeake Bay, with which this is the main artery
of connection.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman, how much
further the people living one hundred miles down
the Potomac, would have to travel to get to Wash-
ington if they crossed at the upper bridge, than
they would have to travel if they crossed at the
lower bridge ?
Mr. BOWIE. I am not aware of any connec-
tion between the two roads. The upper bridge
leads into the central part of Maryland, and the
lower bridge into the peninsula.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir. I crossed over there
not long since, in the evening, at the upper bridge,
rode down some three or four miles on the other
side of the Eastern Branch, and returned across
the lower bridge at the navy-yard, and it can make
very little difference to the people who live four or
five miles below the Eastern Branch whether they
take that road and come across the navy-yard
bridge, or take the other road and come across the
upper bridge.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, we
have a great deal of business to transact, and we
are, in my opinion, manifesting a great deal of
heat upon a very small matter. IJ>avebuta word
or two to say upon this subject. I am in favor of
the original proposition, and opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee. The
proposition, as I understand it, refers to thebridges
upon the eastern branch of the Potomac, and not
to the bridge upon themain branch of the Potomac.
I would not vote a dollar of appropriation to re-
pair the bridge upon the main branch, and the
only fault I have to find with the flood that we had
here last winter is, that it did not sweep the whole
structure away. I consider it a disgrace to the
country, and an eye-sore to the landscape.
Sir, I have no reply to make to the statement
of the gentleman from Tennessee as to the man-
ner in which the Federal Government came into
possession of these bridges. It is sufficient for me
to know that she has purchased the bridges, and
that it is her duty to keep them in repair. Now,
sir, it appears to me that the old adage of "a
stitch m time saves nine" applies to these bridges,
because it is evident, from the information which
has been thrown before the committee, that if you
do not appropriate money enough now to keep
them m repair, you will have to appropriate a still
larger sum at some future time. You must repair
the decay which is continually going on m these
structures.
The House seems to have been seized with one
of its periodical economical spasms upon the sub-
ject of the bridges across the eastern branch of
the Potomac, and I am surprised to find gentle-
men upon this floor who, when the matter presents
itself m the form of enormous appropriations, do
not hesitate to vote any amount of money that
may be asked, to any sort of claim that may
come before Congress, refusing now to appropriate
$3,000 or $4,000 to keep in repair works that have
been purchased by the United States, and that the
United States is obliged, at one time or another,
to keep m repair. Nor do I concur with the gen-
tlemen who have thrown out sneers at the inhab-
itants of this District. I never knew the people
that inhabited the capital of any Government,
State or Federal, that did not come in for the abuse
of the legislators who met at such seat of govern-
ment. It is the case in my own State. It is the
case in every State I have ever been m. The in-
habitants who live at the seat of government are
always the scape-goats to receive the overflows of
bile of the honorable representatives who congre-
gate there. I have seen nothing in the conduct of
the inhabitants of this District, or in any applica-
tion they have ever made to Congress, to warrant
the constant sneers thrown upon them by gentle-
