1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
or not in the first place is not the question under '
consideration. They are now owned by the Gov- j
ernment,and we are the public carriers. We have j
engaged to carry whatever is needed over them.
They are the bridges of the Government. They
do not belong to the city, as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Venable] asserted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
alluded to me as opposing the policy of the Gov-
ernment in purchasing these bridges. I did not
speak of the policy at all. I merely alluded to the
subject for the purpose of correcting an impression :
in relation to the purchase. 1
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, as to whether it j
was right to buy these bridges is not the question i
now before the committee. I say these bridges ]
now belong to the Government of the United
States, and we are bound in law and in morals to
keep them up or to abandon them. Suppose an j
accident should occur upon one of these bridges—
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I should like to ask the
gentleman a le^al question.
Mr.STEPHENS. Well,bequick. [Laughter.]
Mr. CABLE. It is, whether the United States ]
have the right to attach the bridge, or whether
they have the jurisdiction and ownership of the
soi! at each end of the bridge?
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose they have. I
presume they have the same franchise that the
original corporators had. I take that for granted.
But I was proceeding to say, that if any acci-
dent should occur, from your neglect, upon one
of those bridges, you would be morally and le-
gally bound as much as the original corporators
for it; and, therefore, so long as we are the own-
ers of these bridges, we should either keep them
up or abandon them. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] said that the people of
the District ought to keep them up. Why, sir,
we have bought the bridges, and the people of the
District have no right to repair them.
Who is it that pays the fees of the officers of
these bridges? The Government of the United
States. Suppose the corporation of Washington
were to raise a subscription, or tax the people to
keep up those bridges. Why, sir, they would not
be permitted to lay a plank there. Your officers
have possession of them, and they are under your i
jurisdiction and control. And, again, I repeat that i
so long as we hold them, we ought to keep them .
in good order. I want a vote upon the question, i
[ tliink we ought to pass it, and I hope the House j
will do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I am equally opposed to any additional
consumption of time upon this subject, as I hope
we may be able to get through this bill to-day. It
is important that we should do so. I believe we
all understand the subject, as well as we shall after
further discussion, and I therefore hope the House
will come to a vote upon the subject immediately,
and let us pass on to other items of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for tellers
upon my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to correct the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in regard to
the estimates. The estimates of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings was <>8,000.
Mr. STEPHENS. So it has been explained to
me, but the committee reported §5,000. I would
rather have $8,000, but as we cannot have that,
and as $5,000 has been voted down, we will take
$4,999.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goodenow
and Stephens appointed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stepiifvs; and the tellers reported—ayes
80, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the amendment as above amended—
Mr. VENABLE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton, and Stanton of
Tennessee appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 46.
So the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. STU.OTHER offered the following amend-
ment:
For the repair of the Potomac bridge, $17,000.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, the vote of the
House just now taken recognizes the duty and
propriety, on the part of this Government, of keep-
ing up and preserving the connection between this
District and the adjacent States; and every reason
which influenced the House in the vote just given,
bears upon this question with increased and ac-
cumulating force, since the connection with Vir-
ginia is with a larger population and a larger ex-
tent of country, and of more extensive use to the
Government and to the people of the District.
This connection is therefore more important than
the others. During the winter this river is oc-
casionally frozen over, and in the absence of this
bridge, all mail connection with the southern States
is interrupted and sometimes cut off.
Now, the committee will observe that I have
placed in my amendment the sum of $17,000. I
have adopted that sum on the report of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, who
estimated that $20,000 would be enough to put
that bridge in repair, and to pay the expense of
the keepers. The expense of the keepers being
estimated at twenty-nine hundred and some odd
dollars, it leaves the round sum of $17,000 to be
applied to the improvement of the bridge. The
facts in relation to this bridge, its purchase by the
Government, its ownership by the Government,
are the same as in relation to the other bridges.
So that the cases being analogous, the committee
cannot hesitate to adopt the amendment.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Strotiier 
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stiiotiier and Moloxy
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes G3, noes 50; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called, with the view of ascer-
taining the absentees. The following gentlemen
answered to their names:
Messrs. Abcreromhic, Aiken, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Averett, Thomas II. Baylv, IJisscll,
Bowie, Bias's, Breckinridge, Brenton, Brijrirs, Brook*, G.
H. Blown, Btniows, E. Cat rinpton Cahelt, Jo«jph Cable,
Caldwell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Can-
ter, Oa>ktc, Chandlct, Chapman, Cha-.tam, OliUiohvvell,
Chuk, Cleveland. Ohnmnan, Cobb. Cullom, Cm tis, Daniel,
John <jl. Davis, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Doty,
Duncan. Dunham, Durkee, Faulknei, Ftckhn, Fitch,Floi-
ence, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. [) Fuller, Gamble, Gav-
lord, Guldings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goitnan, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Harper, IshamG. Harris, Hart, Hawaii, Haven, Heb-
ard, Hendncks, Uenn, Itillvci, Hollnday, FJorsfoid, Hous-
ton, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. llovv, i n^orsoll, Ive^, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, Roheit VV. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Geoiffe W Jone<5, J G'aney Jones, Geoige G King, Pies-
ton King, Ivuhns,Kurtz, Landry, I>tehei, Lockhart, Mann,
Mason, McCoikle, McDonald, McLanahau, McMulhn,
McNoir, Meade, Mdlson, Minef, Molonj, Henry 1). Moore,
John Moore, Morehead, Motrison, Minphy, Mmray, i\Ta-
bers, Newton, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Price,
Riddle, Robbing Rohie, Uos*., Saekett, Savage, Sctierinei-
horn, Schoolcraft, Schoomnaker, David L Seymour, On-
gen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Fiedeuck P. Rianton, Richatd H. Stanton, Abialmm
P. Stephens, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
St. Martin, Sdatton, Strolher, Stuart, Sutherland, Thurs-
ton, Townshend, Venable, Wallace, VVaMi, Waid, W.ish-
bimijWatkniv, Wells, Alexander White, Wilea.v, Wild nek,
Woodwaid, and Yates.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-1
ing resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Piielps) !
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the |
state of the Union had had, according to order, j
under consideration the [Jnion generally, and par-1
ticuiarly House bill No. 196', making appropri- i
ations forthe civil and diplomatic expenses of the j
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30, ,
1853, and having found itself without a quorum, :
had ordered the roll to be called, and instructed ,
him to report the facts to the House, with the
names of the absentees, which are as follows: :
Me«si«. Chailes Allen, Willis Allen, A«he, Babeoek,
David J. Bailej, Barieie, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bennett,
Bibighaus, Hocoek, Brnvne, John 11. Boyd, Albeit G.
Biown, Buell, Burt, Busby, Colcock, Conger, Cottman,
Darby, George T. Davis, Dawson, Jiastman, F.dgeilon, I
Hdinundson, Evan*, Ewing, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, J
Gentry,Goodrich,Green,Grey,Giow, Hammond,Samp-on :
W. II airis, HaHibbard, Hunter, James Johnson, Maee, [
Marshall, Martin, MeUneen. Meacham, Miller, Oir, Peas- i
lee, Porter. Powell, Kan to til", Heed, Richardson. Robinson,
Rus-ell, Hcuddor, Scurry, Smart, Snow, Stone, Sweeper,
Taj lor, Benjamin Thompson, G. W. Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Walbndge, Welch, Addison White, and Williams.
There being now a quorum present, the com-
mittee again resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
found itself without a quorum, the committee was
dividing upon the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Stkotrer.]
The tellers will resume their places, and the
House will be again divided.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is it in order to offer
an amendment, to come in at the end of the para-
graph in relation to public buildings?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be.
Mr. CABLE, i move to amend, by adding,
that the bridges across the Eastern Branch, w"ith
the one across the Potomac, be surrendered to the
authorities of this District.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts about
the regularity of that amendment; the gentleman
will, however, reduce it to writing.
The amendment was then reduced to writing,
and presented, as follows:
That the budge across the Eastern Branch of the Poto-
mac he sin rendered to the municipal authorities ot the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, and also the one across the Potomac.
Mr. C. said: I do not intend to offer any ex-
Slanation of that amendment. It explains itself,
ly particular object is to test the legal decision
which gentlemen of the legal profession havegiven
to this question. I want to know whether they
will, by their votes, sustain the position they took
in order to carry the previous amendment—that
the United States would be bound, in case a man
should fall through one of these bridgesand break
his leg, to respond in damages. I think, how-
ever, that upon the merits of this question a good
deal might be said; but, as a matter of course,
membeis will make up their own minds. I hold
that the United States have no right to thrust one
end of abridge upon either Virginia or Maryland,
without permission from the particular States.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have simply
to reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Carle,]
that, originally, at the time the bridges were erect-
ed, the territory upon the other side of the river,
as well as that upon this side, belonged to the
District of Columbia. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio, if he knows whether the
authorities of the District would receive those
bridges, provided the Government is inclined to
surrender them, as is proposed by his amend-
ment?
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment, of Mr. Cable—
Mr. FICKLLN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fuller, of Maine, and
Cullo.m appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 46.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, ofKentucky, moved to amend
what had already been inserted in the bill in rela-
tion to bridges, as follows:
And that, as the Government of the United States is the
supreme authority in the Distuct, that baid Government
now accept them.
Mr. S. said: I understand the effect of the
amendment just offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cable,] and incorporated into the bill
by the committee, is to surrender these bridges to
the District of Columbia. I do not know that
there is any authority in the District to accept the
bridge, unless it is the Government of the United
States, because we constitute the Legislature,
which is the supreme power of the District; and
if the gentleman's amendment continues in the
bill, it seems to me cei tainly light that this amend-
ment should follow it. His proposition was to
sive the bridges to the District, and mine is that
we, as the supreme authority in the District, re-
ceive them. T am perfectly willing 
Mr. CABLE. I wish to know of the gentle-
man, whether we are to understand him to hold
that the Congress is the municipal of the District ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; the United States
has power over the municipal authority of the
District.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cable] was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Such a motion cannot be
entertained by the committee.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask for the read-
ing of the amendment again.
The amendment was again read, as above in-
serted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think we ought to
take up so much time with the subject of these
bridges, i hope gentlemen will not offer any
more amendments. Let us get on with the bill.
