1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
than Mr. Webster has to depart from the letter and
spirit of the present treaty, in the mode they ask.
i do not know whether the money was ever
paid or not. Mr. Polk's administration decided
that it had been paid, and that our agent Was de-
linquent. Suppose it was not, stiU Benjamin E.
Green is not relieved.
Why did he not inform Mr. Shannon of this?
Why did he permit him to send the information
that it was paid, when he says that it was not
paid? Mark you, that Green was the principal
agent and had preceded Shannon at that Court,
as charge d'affaires. Shanno/i had just arrived,
and had been accredited but twenty days before.
Green was his Secretary of Legation; and I have
seen at the Department the original of Shannon's
•dispatch, saying that the installments had been
paid in moisey, and that there had been great dif-
ficulty in the raising of it; and that dispatch was
in the handwriting of Benj. E. Green. If, as he
says, the money had not been paid, why did he
not set our Minister right, whose dispatch he
copied, the contents of which he therefore must
have known?
Now, sir, I say, if the money had not been paid
it was Green's duty so to have informed Mr.
Shannon, and thus have prevented his being im-
posed upon by the Mexican Government. Will
Green say he did inform him of the character of i
the payment? This will not relieve him. For if |
he found that Mr. Shannon was about to commu-
nicate false information to our Government, in j
respect to a matter in which he was the attorney, he 1
ought to have remonstrated; and if that would I
-have done no good, he ought to have apprised his !
Government of the true state of the case, even ifit
were necessary for him to resign for that purpose.
It may be asked, what motive had" Mexico in
wishing to deceive our Minister, and through him
out Government? Mr. Green's own letters ex-
plain it.
Mr. Calhoun had instructed Mr. Shannon, in
the event that the April and -duly installments were
still unpaid, to " address a note immediately to
the propor officer of the Government, calling his
prompt attention to the subject, and urging, in the
anost decided language, the necessity of a. strict com-
pliance with the stipulations of the treaty." In
■other words, to make a peremptory demand. It
seems from Green's letters that the Mexican Gov-
ernment were apprised of this. In his letter to
Mr. Bibb of the 18th of December, 1844, he says:
" I have reason to believe that the note of the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Relations of tiie 2d of September, was
written in consequence of an nnpre^ion tliat the Mexican
Government, by failing to pay the installment which fell due
on the 30th of April, had forfeited its right to pav by install-
ments under the Con\ entiou of 1843, and thai Mr. Shannon
was going out with mstruetions£o demand the whole amount !
of the indemnity under the Convention of 1843." ;
"In liis letter to Mr. Calhoun of 16th May, 1844, j
he says: |
"Sir: I have the honor to inform you that no money has i
yet been paid on account of the installments .due on the |
50th ultimo. I ?end you (Nos. 1 and 2) a note which I ad- !
dressed to the Minister of Foreign Relations upon the «ub- ;
ject. and his leply, m which he promises it shall be paid on |
the Till instant. ^Notwithstanding this, they still hold back, i
with their usual excuse, £ to-morrow,5 erperling to hear '
from day to day of the annexation of Texas, which u-ill •
offer an excuse for not paying at all."
The circumstances sustain these statements, i
Shannon arrived there, and on the 27th of August i
notified! the Secretary of Foreign Relations that he
was there, and asked when he should present his
credentials. On that very day the Minister of
Finance sent a dispatch to the Secretary of For-
eign Relations saying that these installments had
been paid. Mr. Shannon was received by the
President on the 1st of September. On the 2d of
September the Secretary of Foreign Relations in-
formed him, in an official note, that-they had been ■
oaid. Mr. Shannon is lulled, and he does not make !
the demand he was instructed to make. Green ,
says they wanted to stave off the payment as long j
as they could, in the momentary expectation that j
Texas would be annexed, and when she was, that (
they could get clear of paying altogether. They
wanted to dally and daliy and to take the chapter
of accidents. The circumstances show that they
did not wish to get into a rupture with the United
States. There was an impression upon their part,
as Green himself states, that he came there to make
a peremptory demand. He allows the Minister to
be deluded, and, in consequence, fails to obey his
instructions, by a„compliance with which we would
probably have obtained the money. The agent of
the Government is his Secretary of Legation, and
copies the dispatch in which he says it was paid...
The American Government, under the supposition
it had been paid, appropriated the money. Why
all this? When he was cognizant of all the facts,
why" did he allow the Mexican Government to
impose upon our Minister? Why, by imposing
upon him, lull him into contentment, and prevent
his making the demand which our Secretary of
State had instructed him to make? Why play
into their hands, and give them the coveted delay?
Do men betray such trusts—do men connive at
such deception upon the Minister, whose Secretary
he was, and upon the Government whose agent
he was—do they practice this sort of wrong upon
their own Government, and play into the hands
of a foreign Government, merely from a love of in-
fidelity, without any other consideration than a
love of infidelity? And these are the men who
came before the American Government to attack
the financial organs of the two Houses at the last
Congress—the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of this. I am a lawyer of some
experience. At a very early period of life, my
State placed me upon the bench; and I have seen
many a man consigned to the penitentiary upon
slighter proof ^than establishes gross impropriety
on Benjamin 1E. Green's part. These are the
men who, when their schemes are defeated by
an American Congress, come here to malign and
traduce men, against whose fair names calumny
itself had never before whispered aught of suspi-
cion. Why should I aire about what they say?
No one escap.es them who is in the way of their
nefarious schemes. What man who has ever en-
joyed the confidence of the people, to any extent,
has not by turns been blackened by the praises of
Duff Green, and complimented by his abuse?
He was by turns the eulogist and traducer of
General Jackson —the eulogist and traducer of
Henry Clay—1 will not say the eulogist and tra-
ducer of the humble individual who is now ad-
dressing you, because I shall not associate my
name in company with those distinguished men.
The abuse of Duff Green lesembies the dews of
heaven in this, and in this alone, that it falls
alike upon the just and unjust, and nourishes all
upon whom it falls. His praises, like the shirt
of Nessus, consume whom they cover. Finding
him the traducer of the best men of the country,
T should feel flattered by being found in the same
category, if it were not that i know, at the same
time, there are none so high that he does not at-
tempt to reach them with his malignant shafts,
yet that there are none so low that he has to stoop
to heap his calumnies upon them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
I floor 
j Mr. GREY. Will the gentleman from Tennes-
| see yield me the floor for the purpose of making
: a personal explanation?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will yield the floor for a
personal explanation, but for no other purpose.
Mr. GREY. I desire to read to the House a
letter from Duff Green, in explanation of the con-
nection of his son with the payment of the install-
ment due by Mexico to our citizens as indemnity
under the treaty of 1844. Tt as? follows:
Wvsringto.v, 20$. January, 1852
Dfa.ii Sir • The eoirespondent of the Baltimore Sun in-
sinuates tnat my -on, Benjamin F-. Green, \v<i- inten'&ti-d mi,
or profited by, the default made by the agent- of tin* United
States to pay one of the installment-! due inul^r the tinnier
treaty with Mexico; and for winch they jjave aieceiptin
384-1. And I din told by several person-". that it it- the inn-
pose of Mr. Bayly to make that charge, h\ way of impeach-
ing the integrity of my -on.
Tiie facts ot that ease, J believe, are as follows:
Mexico, being indebted to ecitam Citizens of the United
States, a«ieed to pay them in :ninual installment-*. General
Thompson, who was then the Minuter ol the United State-*
m Mexico, appointed Messrs. llaijrou^ &. Co. the agents for j
the United State*, to receive the money and transmit it to
the United States. When General Thomson left Mexico,
my .<on was* lelt m chaigc of the Legation, and. undei in-
struction.- from Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of State, con-
tinued Hargous & Co. as the agents for the United States.
When the installment in question became due, the Govern-
ment ot Mexico vv <1 f> in a s-tate of rcvoluion, and not able to
make payment. Shoitlv after Governor Shannon reached
Mexico, as Minister the Mexican Government tendered
Mes.-is. Hargou" & Co. a diaft for the amount, winch, after
consultation with Mr. Shannon, they accepted and receipted
for. ft is alleged that the draft was not paid, and that, a?
Hargous & Co. did not in fact tecetve the money, they vveie
not'bound to pay it over to the United States. Whether
thev ever received the money or not, I do not know ; but
you will see that my son was in no way inteiested m the
payment, and that he had no control over it; because before
the receipt was given, he hod been superseded by Governor
Shannon.
It is proper to state, that diplomatic intercourse was soon
thereafter suspended between Mexico and the United
States, and that the war followed soon thereafter j and it
may be that the money was not paid to Hargous & Co.;
but they ought to have the protested diaft, if they did not get
the monety.
Should Mr, Bayly make the charge, as I am told he iri^
tends to do, I ask, as an act of justice to my son, wbo ta
absent, that you will have this letter read to the House, as a
true exposition of the facts,
Veiy lespectfully, DUPF GREEN".
Hon. Benj. Edwards Grey,
House of Representatives-
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman from Tennes-
see will allow me, I will show him—fori am pre-
pared to do it—that there is not a word of truth hi
that letter. I have got the official documents to
do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to inquire v/heiher"
these interruptions will come out of my time?
[Cries'of ei Oh no!" "Certainly not!"1 and
" Let him go on!"]
The CHAIRMAN said that the interruptions
would come out of the gentleman's tune.
Mr. GREY. I wish not to interfere in the con-
troversy between the gentleman from Virginia and
Duff Green. Witli any personal controversy be-
tween'them I have nothing to do. I desire merely
to say a few words in relation to the agency of
Benjamin E. Green in Mexico. - It seems that he
was sent there as Secretary of Legation tifGen-
eral Thompson, who was then Minister of the
United States in Mexico. The Mexican Govern-
ment owed to the citizens of this country a large
amount of money. The Government of the
United States, by a treaty made during the Jack-
son administration, assumed the payment of that
"debt to the individual citizens to whom the Mexi-
can Government was indebted, and the Mexican
Government agieed to pay the money to the Gov-
ernment of the United States in annual install-
ments. General Thompson, our Minister in Mex-
ico, appointed Messrs. Hargous & Co. the agents
of this Government to receive that money and re-
ceipt for it. Well, General Thompson left Mex-
ico, and Benjamin E. Green, as his Secretary of
Legation, was left in charge of the legation; and
he, as this letter states, at the request of Mr. Cal-
houn, then Secretary of State, continued Hargous
& Co. as theagents of this Government, to receive
and receipt for the money due to it. When the
last installment became due, the Government of
Mexico was in the midst of revolution and unable
to make the payment; but shortly after the arrival
of Governor Shannon, as Minister from this coun-
try, they tendered to Hargous & Co. a draft for
the amount, which, after consultation with Gov-
ernor Shannon, was accepted and leceipted for.
This was done on cunsultation with Governor
Shannon, who succeeded General Thompson as
Minister, and who on his arrival in Mexico su-
perseded Benjamin K. Green in tiie cliaige of the
legation. It, is alleged that this draft was.never
paid, and that Hargous & Co., never having re-
ceived the money, were not bound to pay it over
to the Government of the United States. I«ow,
if the records of the State Department show the
fact that Benjamin E. Green had nothing to do
with the taking of that' draft, but that its accept-
ance was the result of a consultation between
Messrs. Hargous & Co. and Governor Shannon,
how can the fault be charged to him that that
draft has never been paid ? If it can be shown
that Hargous & Co. receipted to the Mexican
Government on taking this draft, after the arrival
of Governor Shannon in Mexico, I know that the
gentleman from Virginia will release Benjamin C.
Green from any blame as to his course in relation
to the mattei. I know he will admit that the au-
thority of Benjamin E. Green, who was lelt in
charge of the legation when General Thompson
left, terminated with the arrival of Governor
Shannon.
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) [ know the gen-
tleman from Kentucky by character; I know that
he is utterly incapable of doing injustice to any-
body, and lie does me but justice when he sup-
poses that 1 am incapable of dning injustice to
Benjamin E. Green, and that, if it can be shown
tlnit I have done so, I will make the amende. I
will do so. I will say to the gentleman, however,
that 1 am familiar with this subject, and i assure
lum that he has been imposed upon by tiuit letter
as to the facts ill this case, and that the receipt
was given before Governor Shannon arrived as
Minister in Mexico. Sfeannon on the ,4th ot
August made known his arrival to the Uovern-
