~IW4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Pointing of the two Houses, and during this whole
session there hasjieeh an attempt of one House
to assert here the higher-law dbctrine without the
concurrence of the other, and without the sanction
of the other, to control that law—in other words,
there has been a practical attempt made to assert
•jiere the higher-law doctrine. .
■I shall not go into a minute discussion of this
law regulating the public printing, because it has
already been .discussed, and I have no disposition
to go tfve? the ground again'. But I undertake to
say that the Printing Committee have plenary
power over this subject, and that neither one-of
the two Houses can control that committee.
Mr. CARTTER. That is higher-law doc-
trine.
Mr. BAYLY. I undertake to say that when
one of the two Houses undertakes to repeal a law
of the two Houses, sanctioned by the President,
they are asserting the higher-law doctrine, and I
am utterly opposed to that. Now, as to our rules
in respect to the subject of public printing, they
are perfectly clear, and the reason of them is man-
ifest entfugh. As has already been explained
here, when the question arises before either House
as to the number of extra copies it will issue, the
committee of that House has the sole authority to
decide for the House to which it belongs—for the
Seriate may' want one number and the House
another.- fn|he exercise of that courtesy"which
has always been observed between the two branch-
es of Congress, each branch has allowed the other
to'decide for itself as to the number of documents
it wants, and the description of the document.
But, as to these other questions; as to how these
documents are to be printed; how the public print-
ing is to be executed; as to whether the public
printing has been executed according to contract
or not—they, by the law, have been committed to
the joint committee, whose conduct is regulated
not by the rules of the House, or by the rules of
the Senate, but by law, which is established by
the concurrence of the two Mouses of Congress,
and the approbation.of the President. These in-
structions, sir, go to the joint committee, con-
stituted by law; and I undertake to say here, that
we have no right to give instructions to that tom-
mittee-in any other mode than by a joint resolu-
tion of the two Houses. That is the whole point
I wish to make about the Subject.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to saya
few words- "
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Will the gentleman give
way to a motion to go into the Committee of the
"Whole?
Mr. EVANS. If such is the disposition of the
House I will do so.
A Voice* No! No! It is too late. Goon.
Mr. EVANS. I will yield to the desire of the
Tlou^e, but I will not keep the lloor for any great
length of time at any rate.
"This whole subject of public printing has occu-
pied the attention of tins House ever since the
Twenty-eighth Congress. Persons in this city
made contracts, and made such profits, and put
such sums of money, out of the public Treasury,
into their own pockets, that the Twenty-ninth
Congress—as Democratic as tfois, with as great a
majority upon that side—determined that the con-
tract .system should be the law of the land. That
law has been violated in every stpp since. Com-
binations have been formed in this city, between
presses of both parties, for the purpose of breaking
down this contract system. Such plans have
found, notwithstanding the difficulties and delays
to which they have given rise, ready but unwitting
suppdrters amongst us. I very much regret it.
But wliat is the difficulty this morning ? 1 speak
in no unkind sense, and I trust I shall not oflend
anybody, but it is said that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States—the body that sits in the other end of
the Capitol-—in carrying out its part of the contract
—the bargain that is said to have been made—have
given to the Republic, in this city, the printing of
fifty thousand copies of the Patent Office Report,
doublets at some considerable profit.
The question now comes forward as to whether
Donelsnn & Armstrong shall have their portion
under the same agreement, and weh^ve the whole
matter in a pretty complication. They cannot
obtain their portion of the contract, it is said,
because of some shrinking here, which, I think,
is hardly fair. It does not, however, hind me.
My hands are clean. I am against all corrupt
combinations for corrupt bargains to bestow pat-
ronage upon the public press of the one or the
other of the two great parties; but I suppose that
the gentlemen who agreed this printing should be
fairly divided, ought now to stand up to the rack.
The-Republic is proceeding with the printing of
the Patent Office Report.. It has a fine rackfull
before it—gram iri abundance—mangers replete,
and lofts full of fodder. When Ooneison & Arm-
strong come forward and request their share, we
are unfortunately in such a condition that we can-
not grant it. That is the secret of this whole de-
bate, and everybody is aware of it. With regard
to the public printing, the House of Represent-
atives owes it to'itselt at once to put a stop to the
system of paying the public press of either party.
I" shall do what I have always done, to which
elFect I now pledge myself to the House,.viz: I
never will vote one cent to any Whig party press,
although I am a Whig, be it published 111 this ci y
or elsewhere. I trust that the members of the
Democratic party will do the same thing. Let us
adhere to the contract system, compel its execu-
tion in good faith, and once for all put down those
men combined against us in the endeavors to pre-
vent us from the performance of our duty, and
who are constantly obstructing our path with dif-
ficulties at every step. They make new members
say u we cannot get our printing executed. We
cannot obtain the Patent Office Report to send to
our constituents, for which we have demands from
day to day. It is necessai y we should have them."
What is to be done? Let us set our face against
those people who attempt to control the House of
Representatives. Let us, either at every risk
carry out the contract system, or resort to what
other Governments have resorted to—a public
printing office. It is not difficult to have erected
here a public printing office, free from all fraud
and collusion. In the law creating it, there can
be easily inserted a proviso that 110 person shall
have its superintendence who is connected with,
or the proprietor of any public print, or interested
m any periodical or magazine whatever.
Gentlemen assert that the neglect of our duty,
the long way we are behind hand m the public
business is owing to the want of the public print-
ing. My friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
made, I believe, that assertion.' I think he labors
under a very great mistake. The neglect is due
to other causes. 1 will here remark that there are
now before the House printed bills, resolutions,
&c., more than we could act upon, were the House
to proceed with the business as they have been
doing for the next five consecutive years.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to suggest that I have been try-
ing for several months past to obtain the report of
the Secretary of the JNavy? 1 have some small
portions of it as they have been successively printed
by the public printer; but, the entire report is not
yet printed. We have never had it before our
committee—the Committee on Naval Affiurs.
Mr. KVANS. There is no report befoie any
committee of this House. 1 am on the Military
Commiitee, and we have never officially seen the
report of the Secretary of War. Why? Because
it has not been referred to that committee; and
had the gentleman's committee the report to which
lie has alluded they could not have acted upon it
officially, it not having been referred.
Mr. STANTON. Yes we could.
Mr. KVANS. I think otherwise; but no mat-
ter as to that. You can have erected, in this city,
a public printing office; you may call it a piint--
ing bureau if you please, although I do not
like the term. You can provide that its su-
perintendent shall have no connection or interest
m any party paper, magazine, or periodical. I
will venture to say that the New York Herald
office—and I take that paper because it is one
of the most enterprising in the Union—can print
and deliver to us the next morning any reason-
able number of extra copies which we may choose
to order. And it can be done here. There is no
difficulty about the execution of the public print-
ing, except what is caused by ourselves ; and,
although I dislike to allude to the past, and will
not, in any unkind spirit—I have had difficulties
about the public printing, probably because I
looked into the matter m advance of other gen-
tlemen—yet I must say that tlfe testimony sworn
to by men upon oath, shows that there has been a de-
liberate design, since the Twenty-ninth Congress,
to put an end to the contract system. That there is
and has been a deliberatedesignhasbeen sufficient-
ly proved, and you are now about -to yield to it.
You are about to forget the duty you owe to the
country, to yourselves, and to .your own con-
sciences. You are about to give way underneath
the pressure of the combination to which I have
referred. It ought not to be done; and if such
influences are resisted, there will be no need of
members coming here to talk about delay in the
public business for the want of the public print-
ing. There will be no delay when it is executed
in accordance with the law, and without improp-
er motives. If I could advise—.were it my pro-
vince to do so—I would say to the Ho.use, erect
a public printing office here, and have your print-
ing done properly. If it is, however, to be given
to party journals, the Democrats have the major-
ity here and m the other House, and why do they
not take the whole of it? I do notwant any of it.
I am not connected with those journals, and never
want to be.
If there has been an agreement for the division
of the printing, why is not it fully carried out?
Why do they not ^ive to Donelson & Armstrong
their fair share? They have granted the Republic
its portion. This printing ought to be entirely
disconnected, in my opinion, from the public news-
papers. They ought to support themselves in
the way in which honest, independent papers
throughout the country are supported—by sub-
scriptions and advertisements. They ought not
to be fed out of the Treasury—they ought not to be
nurtured by the Government—they ought not
to get any of this public printing; and everybody
here knows it.
The honorable gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doty,] has introduced for the consideration of
the House a bill, not quite perfect, but which may
be made so by the House, Ijy which you can have
the printing executed in one week. I do not know
what my friend from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] has
done, but I know one thing he has not done, and
that is, anything corrupt. I am quite certain that
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
man,] the honorable gentleman from New York;
[Mr. Ha>en,] or any other member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, would not, consent to any
proposition which they thought was wrong. Yet
the action of that committee will strike various
minds difietently. It appears to me that they
have overlooked (though I know nothing as to
what they have done) John T. Towers, the only
contractor who executed his contract during the
last Congress, when everybody else who had con-
tracted to do the printing violated their contracts,
as no one knows better than my friend from Indi-
ana. With all deference, I conceive that, how-
ever honestly they may have acted, they have not
done what is right.
The gentleman is acquainted with the whole his-
tory of the difficulties in relation to the printing at
the last Congress. Contractors then violated their
contracts, and nothing was said about it. There
was no taking away of the public printing from
the violating contractor then; no reletting to other
parties. I believe the President's message and
accompanying documents were not delivered until
long after they were required. John'T. Towers
went on and executed his contract faithfully—to
the letter—although he had underbid the other
contractors, who were desirous of having the con-
tract for the printing of all the classes. If the
committee have passed by him, John C. Rives,
and other faithful and honest men* who can give
good security, and given the printing to Donplson
& Armstrong, or Gideon & Co.—whom I believe
to be worthygenflemen, and against whom I would
be sorry to say anything—at a higher price, it is
due to the House that it should be reported. The
gentleman should not suppress the facts, nor
should he, when asked a question by a member,
as to what had been done by the committee, have
moved the previous question. He should have
communicated the whole proceedings of that com-
mittee. We should have known the price of the
bid, and how much higher it was than other bids.
If competent and safe men have been passed by,
to give the printing, at a higher price, to others,
the committee have done what I think is wrong,
and it behooves this House to correct that wrong.
If, however, the House thinks that there has been
a solemn bargain made, although I have had noth-
ing to do with, nor ever knew of it, they ought to
