1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
•with the payment of this money. Are we afraid
to do it ? Are we afraid to take the responsibility,
we, the sworn Representatives of the people—the
guardians of the public Treasury ? Are we so
fearful of responsibility that we cannot merely.in-
dicate, in the act under consideration, theindividual
who shall pay the money over?
Mr. DUNCAN, (interrupting.) I rise to make
an inquiry of the gentleman, if he will allow me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DUNCAN. I wish to have his authority
for stating that the Secretory of State, under Mr.
Fillmore's administration, contended for the priv-
ilege of paying the money.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say so. I stated
that there was a contest as to who should escape
the responsibility under the new Administration,
and that there had been a Cabinet council, which
determined who should have the privilege.
Mr. DUNCAN. I understood the gentleman
to say that a Cabinet council settled this matter,
after General Taylor's death.
' Mr. JOHNSON. Under Mr. Fillmore's ad-
ministration.
Mr. DUNCAN. Well, I believe it was estab-
lished, in a former discussion upon this floor, that
it was settled by the Cabinetx>f General Taylor,
before his decease.
Mr. JOHNSON. Precisely. I thank you for
the correction. It was, then, settled by Cabinet
council, and tjie succeeding Administration de-
termined to carry out the decision of the previous
Administration. Well, then, my argument is this:
Here was a conflict of opinion, and this House
ought to indicate in this act who shall pay over
this money to the Mexican authorities. But I
propose to take another view of this subject.
[Here a communication from the Senate was re-
ceived by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq.,
their Secretary, announcing the passage of the
House bills authorizing the payment of interest to
the State of New Hampshire, and providing for
the printing of additional copies of the Journal
and Documents; also, returning a joint resolution
of the House in regard to the assignment of land
warrants, with amendments thereto.]
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming.) Mr. Chairman,
I had just concluded in stating views conclusive
why we should 'fix, in this act, the person who
shall pay this money over; but there is another
reason why we should do so. There is a power
authorized, under the Constitution, of the United
States, to make treaties, and in conformity with
this power, in 1848, there was a treaty made with
the Mexican Government, and the twelfth article
of that treaty provides that we shall pay to the
Mexican authorities, at specified times, certain
amounts of money. Fifteen millions was the
whole amount stipulated. A certain portion there-
of was to be paid at the conclusion of the treaty,
and the balance in annual installments at times
fixed by the treaty. Now, this is the treaty, and
xvt have agreed, so far as the treaty-making power
is concerned, to pay money at certain times. What
has the treaty-making power to do with it here ?
Is the treaty-making; power conclusive and binding?
I put this question to the House, and, humble as
I am, to the country. Suppose, m the exercise of
this treaty-making power, great abuses were to
grow out of it, that treaties were made, and money
stipulated to be paid over, which was wrong, and
which would result in oppression and heavy taxa-
tion upou the people, so far as the payment of the
money was concerned, I ask this House and the
country, is there no conservative power; is there
no point at which the abuses of the treaty-making
power may be resisted? I know that the Consti-
tution says that a treaty made in pursuance of the
Constitution shall be the supreme law of the land;
and it is conclusive, so far as the Judiciary is con-
cerned. But ho ware the abuses of this power to be
resisted ? VV"hen a treaty provides that money shall
be paid, I say that money cannot be paid until an
appropriation is made by Congress. For the Con-
stitution says expressly, that no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury, except in pursuance of
an appropriation made by law; and hence all
treaties providing for the payment of mone^j is
subjected to the appropriating power. Has not
this House—the Representatives of the people—
the authority and power—and moreover, would it
not be their sworn duty, if they believed that a
treaty was wrong, that it was oppressive—^to
withhold the appropriation, and thereby defeat the
compliance with, and the consummation of the
abuses of the treaty ? Where is the check—where
the power to arrest the abuses of the treaty-making
power? It must exist somewhere; if not, every-
thing, so far as this Government is concerned, can
be absorbed and swallowed up by the improper
and dangerous exercise of this treaty-making
power. We find in 1820, that the great statesman
from Kentucky, in the discussion of the Florida
treaty, introduced a resolution, in which this doc-
trine was boldly proclaimed; and he went so far
as to say, that the treaty made at that period of
time should be set aside, if Spain faltered in her
course and refused to do us justice, and adopt the
means necessary to maintain it. Well, some
gentlemen may think this is a little foreign, and
has no direct bearing upon this subject; but I
wish to' show the application I intend to make of
it. Here is a treaty made, and money promised
to be paid under it, at certain times, but subject to
the other provisions of the Constitution, and sub-
ject to this conservative power. Then comes up
another question. Here in the absence of law, in
the absence of an appropriation of Congress, the
Secretary of State—(I mean before the appropria-
tion is made)—before the treaty is consummated,
takes it upon himself to make a contract with
British and American bankers, to pay over money
which has not been appropriated by the laws of
the country, and then after the contract is made,
after the agreement has been entered into that they
are to give a certain per cent., before the money
is appropriated, then what is the result pre-
sented to the House? It is this; The contract is
made, and the gentlemen are ready to consummate
it—ready to pay over the money—and hence you
are bound to appropriate it; and the Secretary of
State comes here with all the influence he can
bring to bear upon this Hall, and says, Pass the
bill; let us make the contract fourteen months be-
fore the 'installment is due. Such was the case
during the last Congress, to enable a set of bank-
ers—of British bankers—to speculate upon this
and the Mexican Government But pass the law,
appropriate the money to enable a set of bankers
to have three millions of dollars out of the Treas-
ury to operate upon, fourteen months in advance.
When we see how this thing is, Mr. Chairman—
when we see the appliances that are brought to
bear—when we see this speculation in every phase
of the act—when we see some or all parties have
to be operated upon, it calls upon us to assert our
prerogative, and say to you, Mr. Secretary of
State, You shall not act in advance of appropria-
tions by Congress, or assume to exercise such a
power. You shall not dictate to the Representa-
tives of the people, as to who shall pay the money,
but we will specify in our act who shall pay it.
The argument is made by some that it is an
Executive" duty; and that the Executive should
take the responsibility. Why, by saying in the
law that this money shall be paid by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, does it change the responsi-
bility? Does it exclude them from responsibility?
Not at all. The responsibility is precisely the
same, for it is still with the Executive branch of
the Government. Should not we, in vindication
of our position here as representatives, in view of
all these facts—m view of the bargains and con-
tracts made with British and American bankers—
and certain letters on top of that, sent m here,
stating that time should not be consumed in
"needless discussion,"—I say, ought notwe (o
(rjve this money a proper direction? It is true
there is a great deal said here that does not amount
to much. But here is a communication sent in by
the President, and by his Secretary of State to
him, and which receives their sanction and author-
ity, in regard to the duties and delays of Congress.
And who was it sent by? We find it is signed by
Barings, Brothers & Co., by T. W. Ward, their
attorney; Rowland & Aspinwall, and Corcoran
& Riggs, an association of banking companies,
and banking offices. Now, what a position are
we placed in before the country ? Here is a set of
British bankers who have made a contract with
the Secretary of State in advance of an appropri-
ation by law; and because Congress is a little tardy
in providing the appropriation, they send you in
a lecture, to the effect that the passage of this bill
should not be impeded by useless and idle discus-
sion. We want this three millions—we want the
per cent. we want the credit and character it will
give us. And hence we ore asked to pass this bill
under the operation of the previous question. Let
us say they may have the money, and do not talk
about it, and give utterance to so much twaddle.
Now, let us take another view of this bill. They
say that the payment of this money is an Execu- •
tive duty. How? Here is a treaty stipulating
upon the part of this Government to pay so much,
and at such a time; and here is a law appropria-
ting the ahiount of money stipulated to be paid.
Now, it leaves it just there. Now, I suppose
that the President, or some one of his Cabinet,
must run about, and look through all the acts that
this House has passed, when money has been ap-
propriated, without saying who shall make the
payment.' Why, do we not see it is vague and
indefinite? There is a provision in the Constitu-
tion, that the President shall see that the laws be
faithfully executed. How vague is that? Here
is the law appropriating the money, and the gen-
eral provision in the Constitution, which states it
to be the Executive duty to perambulate about,
and to take up the loose acts of Congress that have
passed, and- see that they be faithfully executed.
Why not say in your law who shall make the
payment, under the supervision of the President?
Would you thereby change the responsibility?
By this means, do you not make it direct; and is
it not intelligent and proper so to do? Suppose,
for illustration, that Congress were to pass an act
to-morrow, appropriating $20,000,000 for the pur-
pose of erecting a new Capitol. That is a law,
and under the Constitution the Executive is bound
to see it faithfully executed. In the one case it is
precisely as in the other. Would not the country-
say—would not intelligent, practical businessmen
of the country say—define in your act who shall
apply that money to the object indicated? Does
this change its character, admitting that it is the
Executive duty? Does it not keep it still Execu-
tive, and retain his responsibility to the Congress
and the country ? To me it seems so most clearly.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] in-
formed us in his speech that Mr. Walker received
four per cent. Now, so far as money transactions
are concerned, I mean to speak irrespective of
party: In the first instance, the gentleman from
Virginia—and I do not mean anything personal
in what I am about to say, but only wish to show
the strange position that he assumes—strives to
show that it would have been impolitic for the
Government to have anything to do with General
Green; and from his argument it would be inferred
that he was a faithlesswild, and visionary man,
and that Benjamin E. Green has been found de-
faulting in transactions with the Mexican Gov-
ernment, depriving him and his father of all credit
whatever. This is what he attempts to do. How
do the facts stand when the question is put direct
to him? Does Mexico assume that the money has
been paid over? What is the response? There is
no such assumption.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Tennessee
is entirely mistaken. Mr. Rejon, in his letter of
the 2d of September, 1844, states that he was in-
formed by the Minister of Finance, upon the 27th
of August, that the money had been paid a long
time prior to that, and excuses himself for not
infoimmg our Envoy sooner by stating that the
notice had been delayed in consequence of the
vast amount of business which had engrossed the
attention of his Department. I will give you the
letter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me see whether I under-
stand the gentleman. Does not that grow out of
this transaction, going upon the idea that drafts
had been given with the view of payment?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not know anything about
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the money ever been
paid by the Mexican Government?
Mr. BAYLY. An agent had no right to re-
ceive anything but sold and silver, for that was the
stipulation m the treaty. Mr. Shannon had gone
out there to enforce that treaty; and on the day
after his arrival—the day that lie was recognized—
he was informed that the payment had been made,
and made in money, to raise which the Govern-
ment had experienced great difficulty. Mr. Shan-
non sent that information to our Government, and,
assuming it to be true, we made the appropriation
to pay the individual claimants.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, Mr. Chairman, then
it all resolves itself into this ; that it was paid by a
draft, when the law required that it should be paid
