344
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
in silver. This was a departure common m mat-
ters of that character. He—the agent—agreed to
receive in payment this draft. When the draft fell
due, the Mexican Government failed to meet it;
and all that we can make out of the Green transac-
tion is, that he has transcended his authority to
some extent in receiving a draft instead of money.
But does that prove that he has one dollar of the
money in his pocket ?
Mr. BAYLY. It was said that the money had
been paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that vxpon the record—
that money had been paid to and received by the
proper authority of the United States ? If the facts
are that way, I should like to know it.
Mr. BAYLY. I will show them to the gentle-
man, if he desires it. I have the official report of
the Mexican Secretary of Foreign Affairs, and also
the message of Mr. Shannon to this Government,
based upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was the money paid before
or after Mr. Shannon's arrival there?
Mr. BAYLY. Before; and if the gentleman
will allow me, I will read the following paragraph j
from Mr. Shannon's official dispatch of the aist
of September, to show that the installments re-
ferred to had been paid to the United States agent
in Mexico on the 27th day of August:
« The installments which fell due on the 30th of April and
the 30th of July la^t, under the convention of the 30th of
January, 1843,"were pairl to the ajtent of the Government
appointed to receive and transmit the same, on the 27th
ultimo, i am inclined to believe this Government will here-
after be more prompt in meeting its engagements under the
above named treaty than it has heretofore been ; and if it
should turn out otherwise, it will he owing to a real inabil-
ity to raise the means. I am advised tliat it was with the
utmost difficulty that this Government was able to rai«e the
money te pay the two last installments."
That is what Mr. Shannon says.
I have here also the official dispatch of the Sec-
retary of State of Mexico to Mr. Shannon. It
ifvery short, and if the gentleman will indulge
me, I will read it:
[tra.NSIiA.tlot.]
To his Excellency Wilson Shannon, Envoi! Extraordinary,
of the United Slates of Jima ica.
Nvtionat, Pala.ce, Mexico, September -2, 1844,
The undcrsJKned, Minister of Foieic;  Relations, has the
honorot informing his tixccilcnc) the Hnvoy Extraordinary
and Muuj-tei i'louipotentiaiy of the United States of Ainei-
lea, that on the 27th of last Auyu^t he was. appu^ed by his
Excellency the Minister of Finance, that the quarterly in-
stallment due on the 30th of April of this year, and thatwbich
fell due on the 30th July last,had been paid to the agent ap-
pointed by the Government of said State*, according to the
tortus of the Convention of January 30, 1843, and that this
notice had been delayed in consequence of the vast amount
of business which engrossed the attention of that Depai t-
ment.
Xhc undersigned avail* himself of this occasion, &e., &c.
MANUEL CREtflENCiO REJON.
Mr. JOHNSON. He says, according to the
terms of the convention. 1 understand, the gentle-
man to say that he was bound to receive the money
in gold and silver, ayid to state that in its stead he
had received a draft which was in violation of Ins
dut) .
Mr. BAYLY. I said no such thing. Mr.
Shannon states in his dispatch that it was paid in
money, to raise which there was great difficulty.
If w;as paid before Mr. Shannon arrived there.
Mr. Green copied that dispatch, for it is in his
own handwriting. Mr. Green was the agent, and
Mr. Shannon never was.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do T understand the gentle-
man to say Mr. Green, instead of receiving the
monev, received a draft? lor that is the point.
Mr'. BAYLY. These documents do not show
it. In the imestigation which was instituted to
see whether reclamation could not be made, the
Mexican Government said they had given him
drafts, but then Shannon says that it was paid in
money.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Shannon spealts accord-
ing to the terms of the convention.
Mr. BAYLY. ^ You are mistaken; that is what
the Mexican Minister says.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not material. There is
a general jumble,'great intricacy in this matter, that
I will let the gentlemen straighten out to their o\£n
fancy. I think that when the whole subject is
boiled down; that when we get to what it really
is, we will find that Mr. Green received a draft
from the Mexican Government; and so the gen-
tleman charges him with traveling outside of his
duty in receiving it; arM that the Mexican Gov-
ernment failed to raise one dollar t& pay the draft.
That is about the whole transaction.
Mr. BAYLY. Some of these drafts 
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman will wait a
moment 
Mr. BAYLY. I suppose the gentleman desires
tn Hp cfirvp^fpd
Mr. JOHNSON. There is one thing I do not
understand with all this explanation, which may
be, perhaps, in consequence of the dullness of my
intellect, and the great glare of the gentleman's,
which benights mine. Do I understand that the
Mexican Government as assuming that the money
was paid to Mr. Green, and received by him as
the American agent?
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman will allow
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has expired.
Mr. ORR. I noticed the watch when the gen-
tleman from Tennessee commenced his remarks.
It lacked twenty-five minutes of one o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina is mistaken. It was about two minutes
after two when he commenced. The gentleman
from Tennessee yielded the floor to the gentleman
| from Kentucky, [Mr. Gray,] and also to thegen-
! tlemanfrom Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] The gentle- :
' man inquired whether it would be taken out of his j
1 time. The Chair assured him that it would. j
Mr. ORR. It was the time at which the gen- j
tleman from Tennessee commenced speaking to i
which I alluded. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state to the Chair,
that when I asked the question, I understood the
response to be, that it would not come out of my
time.
The CHAIRMAN. When the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] made the inquiry,
Whether it would come out of his timer a good
many members in the Hall said "No! no!"
After the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey]
, and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
i had finished, he proceeded with his remarks, and
' his time would have expired at about two min-
utes after three o'clock; hut there was an inter-
ruption of some three minutes in the reception of
a message from the Senate, for which credit was
given. The Chair has no discretion in giving
credit, and a gentleman, when his hour has com-
menced, cannot yield the floor for personal ex-
planation or otherwise, in committee, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, except by unanimous consent,
as the rules in committee cannot be suspended.
If there be no objection, the gentleman can pro-
ceed.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to my replying.
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous response, was
permitted to proceed.
Mr. Chairman, 1 was about to conclude, and
try to make my escape from this general entangle-
ment ill which this transaction seems to be in-
volved. As far as that is concerned, it is wholly
immaterial—if the facts are as stated by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly]—whether this
money has been paid and received by the agent of
the United States, and he is proved to be a de-
faulter, or whether he has embezzled it. If either,
I want, to know why the proper steps have not
been taken to bring him to justice. I say the
action of the Government, and the history of this
whole transaction, prove that it is just as I have
stated.
There was a draft received, and the draft has
never been paid". That is about the whole of it,
when it is reduced to what it really is. I care
nothing about that. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] says that Mr. Walker obtained four
per cent, in the transaction, in paying over this
I Mexican indemnity. He informs us in the speech
he made the other day, that this arrangement
I made with Corcoran & Riggs, Baring & Brothers,
J to pay three-and-a-half per cent, for the use of the
: money fourteen months, was as gogd an arrange-
1 ment as the one made by Mr. Walker. This is
; what he asserted the other day, and here it is in
j his printed speech. I assume that such is the
' fact. When we were called upon to pass the law
fourteen months in advance, was it not under-
stood that the money was to be taken out of the
Treasury ?
Mr. BAYLY. No—far from it. Th® very
reverse was understood, and not a dollar was to
be taken from the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the law had passed last
Congress, would not the money have been thereby
appropriated, and was it not in the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury to give his draft
covering the amount of the appropriation when he
saw proper? Why, what is the reason and in-
ducement for engaging in the transaction? Is it
not because they can get the use of the capital—is
it not because they can get the use of the credit
which this large amount of money would give
them? What did they agree to pay three-and-a-
half per cent, for? Was it not for the use of the
capital—for the benefit of the credit and the per
cent, to be realized by the use of it? If the money
was not to be taken out of the Treasury—if the
money was not to be paid over until it fell due,
why pass the law fourteen months in advance?
It seems to me to be the height of folly to place
at the discretion of the Secretary of State three or
four millions of dollars. Was there no danger tij
be apprehended from this? What did we see the
other day? We saw a liberal distribution of
money among the soldiery of Prance, and we saw
the highest officer of government dissolving the
House of Representatives publicly. The maxim
is true, "Give me the money and I can get the
men—give the men and I can get the money."
We are told that if you pass a law fourteen months
in advance, placing some three or four millions
of money in the hands of individuals, the money
would be secure—and that good security could
be given. If the money was not to be taken out
of the Treasury—if it could not be paid over—■
what security had they? The money was the
best security they could have, locked up in the
Treasury—the best place in which it could be
kept. No, it was all speculation. I infer it from
the transaction; I infer it from the business habits
of the men—from the money transactions of the
world. It was to make money—to pocket the per
cent.; and who was to get it I do not pretend to
say. I have heard one thing; I know that rumor
says that a former Secretary of the Treasury
made money. I do not pretend to say how much,
or how little. And while they talk about DufF
Green's insolvency, who never.had or proposed
to make a bargain with the Government, they
never talk about his being' a visionary.> I expect
that perhaps General Green has been unfortunate
in money matters, and has not been successful
since he expended a large estate. But if I am
credibly informed, others have been unfortunate
in times gone by, and some of these bankers
came well nigh it, if they had not taken the bene-
fit of the insolvent law; but they have been since
successful and prosperous in business. They had
the funds of the Government to pay out ill Mr.
Walker's administration, and the opportunity of
purchasing a large amount of stock. Somehow
or other, they got very rich, as events prove—
Walker in the bargain, as I am credibly informed.
Rumor now says that he has amassed a very-
large fortune. This is all predicated upon rumor;
but I think it is reasonable to infer that Mr. Web-
ster would like to realize a little percentage in this
way. If rumor be true—as we go into things of
this sort—I never understood that Mr. Webster
had acquired a character for much more prudence
and economy in the management of financial af-
fairs than a great many other men. I do not think
lie has an extensive reputation for matters of this
kind. I think, if rumor is to be taken as true
evidence, that Mr. Webster has been about as
loose, prodigal and extravagant, in the manage-
ment of hisown financial alfairs, as much so as
men generally are.
I am for the insertion of the amendment to this
bill. I say, we are not called upon to violate a
great principle, to appropriate money for a con-
tract made in advance, which is not fully complied
with. A treaty cannot be complied with, and
money cannot be paid until the House of Repre-
sentatives shall make appropriation by law; and
we ought to teach Mr. Webster, and all tho^e con-
federated with him, that they cannotgo in advance
of'^'our authority. We ought to teach hiin, that
he shall not tamper with the Treasury of the na-
tion. Are we to sit here as puppets, who are to
speak and vote just as somebody puts the speech
in our mouths, or asks us to vote > While this
bill ^s under consideration, you find this and the
other individual dropping soft words in our ears,
