1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
gentlemen here whom, I very much respect and
esteem, who say that compositors would gather
here from every State of the Onion, and press
them to be printed. I want the House also to
understand that they can get all the information
they desire about prices by referring to the public
members of Congress with solicitations to get i bids which are oh public record in Miscellaneous
them appointed. { I apprehend there is nothing in t: Documents, No. 10. They will find Towers's
that, for the trade fn this city have fixed and set- :j bid there; and the prices that we h*Tve given to the
E
tied a list of the prices to be paid to compositors,
which cannot be departed from. They agree
upon so much for composition, so much for press-
work, and so on. Thepersons who are concerned
with a national printing office, as well as other
men, have reputations at stake.
Mr. JONES,-of Tennessee, t will state to the
ejHleman that one of the persons, who has done
teretofore as much of the public printing as almost
any other person in Congi ess, has assured me that
he could never employ journeymen printers to do
Congressional printing by the piece. Sometimes
he has a press of work, when the compositors
havejo work all night; and at other times they
have little or nothing todo, and he mast pay them
for all the time, or lie cannot get the hands ne-
cessary to do the work. He ims also assured mc
that when he was public printer, members of Con-
gress used, to bring printers to him, arid tell him
that he must employ those men and take core of
them. If you had such an establishment here,
members of" Congress would have great control
over it, I doubt not, and would have five times as
mar^y printers, perhaps, in the establishment as
were necessary to do the work, and it might be-
come a great poor-h'ouse or pauper asylum for the
disabled and incompetent printers of the country.
Mr. EVANS. If that is so I hope it will be
broken'up; I do not care how soon it goes; there
is nothing in it which I should wish to maintain.
The gentleman has pointed out sufficiently the
person to whom he alludes. Every one knows
that he alludes to John C. Rives, who does the
Congressional printing of this body. With the
aid of the faithful' reporters here before me, and
the aid of the compositors -at that office, does the
gentleman suppose, if we should employ him as a
public printer, that we should get into difficulty >
Suppose he had to pay his compositors a little
more, who grudges it to them ? I do not grudge i;
the honest workmen anything at all; and I would |i
rather they had a little more for their labor, if we i
could only get rid of this great difficulty. Other |
Governments do iu—whyshouUl notours? Work- i
men are found in Europe honest enough, patriotic i
enough, to serve the government. The honorable !
gentleman from Tennessee |Mr. Jonks] gets up j
and tells mc that no man can he employed in the j
city of Washington to work for the Government ;
who* will ftot cheat the Government. There is not i
a printer in town who will not work for the Gov- !
grnment upon as fair terms as he would for a pri- '
vale press or a newspaper. I think llm gentleman I
is laboring under a great mistake ui regard to ih u ;
matter, and 1 think he has done
this whole elays of persons.
printers who are to do the work for, the House,
although not identical in all the items', are substan-
tially the same as Towers's bid. All I ask the
House to do is, to order this printing. If they
order it, well and good; if not, it is.-all the same
to me. The old members are not particularly in-,,
terested m these things. If the new members
want them, they will have to order the printing.
If Boyd Hamilton can do the work, he shall
certainly do it. If he can do it according to his
contract, it is the duty of the committee to let him
do it,and they intend that he shall do it. All the
documents which have been in his hands for more
than a month, and which have not been commenced
by him at all, we have taken from him. He has
had some documents for four months and a half
which are not finished, and1 sorpe which have not
i been commenced yet. ^ ;
| 1 will state another fact for the information of .
i the House. A proposition was submitted to the
i joint committee to give the printing to Donelson'
& Armstrong and the Republic, and that proposi-
tion was- voted down wnen the new committee ,
met. A proposition, introduced by a Senator,
was then agreed to, that the comnuttec of each '
House should exercise its own'judgment m giving |
out such printing as it saw fit. The committee :
on the part of the House have, therefore, executed ;
a contract with Donelson & Armstrong, and they -
have ordered one single document, and that is all,
lo he given to them. We have strenuously kept
the contract, and required Boyd Hamilton to come
up to it, us far as we possibly could. We have ,
written notea and called on him specifically to say
wherein he can 6omply with his contract. Where-
ever he can do it, we have assiduously and earn-
estly insisted on his fulfilling that contract. That
is what we have done. The committee on the
part of the House are not responsible for any
printing that may have been given to the publish-
ers of the Republic, the Globe, or the National
Intelligencer, or any one else. The Senate com-
mittee can give the printingof that bodyto the Re-
public, or withhold it, or let Hamilton do it. I
do not know what they have done. It is very
probable, however, that they have done what the
House committee have done—"given it to Donelson
& Armstrong.
( thank the gentleman from Maryland tor his
kindness in allowing me so much of his time I
i'vi!y do not want to make a speech upon this
niaiuv. But 1 do not want to be misrepresented
bt-ioic the country. I have no desire to get into
pi-1,.-."'.ial difficulties, but I do not choose gentle-
lNuit injustice to !' nu'ji to circnJnte it through thocountry that X have
acted m bad faith towards my fellow-Democrats. I
Mr. JONES. The gentleman does much greater ji will -4:ite here, because if I know my own heart, I
injustice to me. j. have no secrets on tins subject, I did say to some of
Mr. EVANS. 1 did not intend to do any in- L my Democratic friends that under the new orgamz-
justice to the gentleman. ' j atmn of the committee, probably the whole of this
Mr. JONES. I do not suppose that the gen-j-public printing would he given to Donelson &
tleman intended a. I made no such smtement as j" Armstrong. When the proposition was made m
that a man, because he worked for Government, |_ the committee to give it to Donelson & Armstrong
would become corrupt, though there are a gieat and the Republic, it was voted down. It was then
many su'-h instances, 1 have no doubt. j proposed that each committee should dispose of
Mr. EVANS. 1 state expressly that the t;en- ; the printing of its own body in its own way, and
tleman did not say any such thiii"; but that is the !' at its own time. That was carried, and that is
Only inference that can be drawn from his argu- ! the way we are acting now.
merit
Mr: JONES. Not at all; not at all.
Mr. EVANS. Certainly; no other infer'.nee
can be drawn from it.
Mr.GORMAN, (interrupting.) With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maryland, 4 de-
sire to make a suggestion to the House This
Patent Office Report has to be piinted by some one.
I wish the House to understand that I have sim-
ply reported the usual resolution for the printing
of the number that you usually order. I have
done nothing else. I am not going to do anything
else. When they are printed they will be pruned
at the price agreed upon unanimously, I "believe,
by the joint committee.
Now. sir, f only want to state to the House,
that really you can have no printing done unless
you order it. The House must order it. These
things cannot be done by th*> committee. You
<*annot-have these reports printed unless you order
Now, 1 have said this for my own justification.
1 will not sutler, here or elsewhere, gentlemen to
circulate rumors that I have acted in any manner
except in good faith, according to the best of my
judgment. When my personal character is at
; stake, I should lose my self-respect if I failed to
J defend it. I am anxious to report to the House
j just what is done by the committee, what direc-
; tions are given, and precisely what is the state of
' things. I would not conceal anything. If I did,
! it would be improper, unjust to the House, and
! doing injustice to myself, and the country would
! rebuke me for being silent when I should speak.
; I will not be silent when I should speak. And,
; therefore, J will not permit insinuations to be
. made, either here or elsewhere, that I have acted
; in bad faith, or that there has been anything like
j collusion or concealment. I have acted according
j to the best of rny judgment, although I have not
! arrived at the same conclusion as some of my poli-
tical friends have done. There was little or no
disagreement in the committee, and the country
shall know what we have done. They know it
now.
But, sir, if you want the public printing done,
you must order it to be done. Certainly, I have
no disposition to disobey any suggestion the
House may make. I repeat again and again to
this House and to the country, that any suggestion
made by thi3 House to me, I shall feel bound in
honor to carry out. I should do so out of respect
to the House, and to myself.
I will say further to the House, that the public
printer has sent in a memorial asking relief. 1
will state to the gentleman from Maryland that
Towers has sent m a memorial asking relief.
Mr. POLK. Have not all the public printers,
under the contract system, applied for relief?
Mr. GORMAN. Every single one. Towers
has sent in a memorial to the committee, stating
that, if others are relieved, he demands to be re-
lieved also, for that his was an onerous contract,
too. 1 candidly assure you, that so onerous, ter-
rible, ruinous, and destructive, is Mr. Hamilton's
contract, that 1 shall feel very much disposed to
give him the ten per cent, which we have already
deducted from his contract, and even more. We
have deducted that amount, and kept it in the
coffers of the Government, for the purpose of try-
ing to force him up to the contract. He cannot
do it. Pie says so, in a communication to the
committee. You are at sea, without chart or com-
pass, unless you ratify the action of the commit-
tee. We will have printing done at fair prices, if
we are permitted by the House to do it: and we
will have it done at the Union office. The whole
of the jobs, at the prices given, will be contempt-
ible in amount and profits,.and at "most is only
temporary. I again thank the .gentleman from
Maryland for having permitted me to occupy thus
much of his time.
[Mr. WtLDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled,
the following bills, which received the signature
of the Speaker, to wit:
An act for the relief of Jane Irvin; and
An actfor the relief of Charles G. Hunter.] ,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (Mr. Evans
yielding the lloor.) I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Printing a question. He
says that Mr. Towers has sent in a memorial for
relief. The question which I wish to propound is
this: Has not Mr. Towers asked simply to be put
on the same footing with others? If others are
relieved, then he asks relief: but he asks nothing
on his own account.
Mr. GORMAN. That is what I said.
Mr. BROWN. Well, that is not asking relief.
It is only asking that the same measure of justice
may be-meted out to him that is meted out to
others. Now, I understand the chairman of the
committee to say, that the committee of the House
is acting upon its own responsibility, not being
under the control of the committee of the Senate,
as far as the House printing is concerned. Then,
it is acting as a House committee, and I hope we
shall hear no more of this point—that we cannot
control it, because it is acting jointly with the Sen-
ate committee. If its action is confined solely to
the business of the House, and it acts upon its in-
dividual responsibility, I'suppose it mast be re-
sponsible to the House, in the capacity in which
it acts.
Mr. GORMAN. The Joint Committee on
Printing deemed it competent for them to pass a
resolution giving specific powers to each separate
committee to act separately upon one particular
point. Upon that point, and that alone, have we
authority to act, by the joint order of the whole
committee.
Mr. BROWN. Still I understand that the joint
committee has undertaken to throw the responsi-
bility which attaches to it under the law, off itself
as a joint committee, and to divide it between the
two committees, or rather between each half of
the committee—the House committee assuming
the responsibility of all that attaches here, and the
Senate committee of all that attaches there. In
fact, they are two separate committees in their ac-
tion. „
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (Mr. Evaks still
yielding the floor.) I wish to understand this
point, because if the assumption of the gentleman
from Mississippi be correct, the Joint Committee
