1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
on Printing have clearly exceeded their authority.
But I do not so understand the chairman of the
committee. He does not say that the House com-
mittee is acting separately and alone, without the
concurrence of the Senate committee; he says that
each act of the committee is a joint act, but that
through courtesy—and I will undertake to say a
very proper courtesy, such as always prevails and
ought to prevail between the two Houses of Con-
gress—the committee -of the House defer to the
committee of the Senate, and the committee of the
Senate defer to the committee of the House, but
it still is the joint act of the two committtees.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. As the Senate
committee could not act jointly with the House
committee, in giving this printing to Donelson &
Armstrong, I suppose the House committee were
at liberty to give it to whom they pleased?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. So far as I
was concerned as a member of the joint commit-
tee, I held myself responsible for that act, and by
no means repudiated it.
Mr. GORMAN. The joint committee agreed
nearly unanimously in fixing the prices. They
also agreed unanimously that the members of the
committee from each fiouse should give out to
Donelson &, Armstrong such printing as they
pleased, or withhold it.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that the House
portion of the committee throw off all resposi-
bility for the act of the Senate portion in giving
the Senate printing to the editors of the Republic.
Mr. EVANS. I must now take the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, T only wish this
matter to be understood.
Mr. EVANS. I have only to remark, that it
seems to me the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] has shown entirely too much feeling in
relation to the intentions of anybody in this
House. I think no one desires to attack his char-
acter or motives;' certainly I do not. For myself
I have to say that there is no printer m this city
who has suggested to me anything in relation to
this matter. I do not stand hero m consequence
ofanyinferviews I have had with any printers or
any one else. Not at all. And therefore it is,
that I say I think the gentleman from Indiana is
entirely too,sensitive in relation to what has'heen
said. But { say this whole system of public print-
ing is wrong. Why did the committee not let this
prjntingto A. Boyd Hamilton at the same prices
at which they are about to let it to Gideon & Co.
and Doito'son db Armstrong?
Mr. STcJART. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question in connection with this proposition. The
law requires that when the contractor fails to
execute his contract, the committee shall get the
printing done, and if it is done at an increased
price, they shall charge the difference to the con-
tractor. Now, if thev were to increase the price
Union, requires that the public printing should
be executed well, and as speedily as possible.
They require that you should resort to some other
system if necessary. Then, while you adhere to
this contract system, it is due that it should be en-
forced, or at least that you should make some
respectable effort to do so; that we should no longer
permit these abuses to continue; that we should
no longer submit to dictation, let it come from
what quarter it may, whether from one party or
the other. Let us not be seduced by the plausible
pretenses set up here that we have been delayed a
great while in getting the public printing executed,
and that we cannot get it under the present ar-
rangement, and that we had better accede to this
proposed one, or we shall not get it done at all.
All these are illusions which we hear when it is
wanted to confer a particular favor upon particu-
lar individuals. No, sir; let us resort to an effect-
ual cure. Let us establish, in this city, a public
printing office, upon a plan which shall insure as
much economy as is consistent with promptness
and efficiency, and then let us require that every
particle of printing ordered upon one day shall be
laid upon our table the next. There is nothing
easier than this. I observe that the New York
Herald offered to do it, and I have no doubt it
would doit. I believe it can be done by the print-
ers of this city. Let us demand that this shall be
done. Is there anything in the way? I can see
nothing, except partisan editors. I mean no dis-
respect to them when \ call them partisan editors.
I do not know Donelson & Armstrong, but I
respect their character as much as any man can do.
I appreciate the high compliment paid to General
Armstrong by General Andrew Jackson, when,
in his last will and testament, he bequeathed to
him his sword, with which he conquered in the
! battle at New Orleans. Mr. Donelson, I am told,
| 1ms filled many high public stations with credit to
himself and his country; and I have every reason
to believe he is a gentleman,of the highest charac-
ter and abilities. Messrs. Gales & Seaton, every
one knows for their urbanity, and for their high j
character, and distinguished attainments. Mr. j
Gideon is a peisonal friend of mine. And I mean
no disrespect to any of these gentlemen, when I
say that this system is one which ought to be
abandoned for its innate corruption. As long as
you adhere to it—as long as you persist in it—not
ourselves only, but those who succeed us, will
be exposed to endless corruption, and this House
will be involved m all these difficulties and confu-
sions which it now experiences. j
Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentleman !
aiiow me to interrupt him for one moment? The i
gent!em;in speaks very highly of all these gentle- j
men, yet lie ."ays the system is one fraught with j
corruption. Now, will he be good enousrh to ex- S
plain—fen I know he is a good deal of a philoso-
upon Boyd Hamilton's contract, and then charge || pher—how it is that the system can be so corrupt,
the difference to him, I want to know how much |' when the men who manage it are pure and high-
minded ? "
Mr. EVANS. I did not suppose I should be
asked to explain Such a mntter as that. Each in-
dividual naturally desires to *ot os hish a price as
he would make by it? [Laughter.]
Mr; EVANS. The question is a very pertinent
•one. There is no doubt that Boyd Hamilton is
bound, according to the strict letter of the law,
under his contract, ;o make up any deficiency;
but I have no doubt that the spiiii of the law
would not exclude this particular man for the ben
he can. It does not strike him as doing anything: j
wrong to get a good price for his work. He does I
not intend to do ary wrong to the Government, or ;
e it of others. I presume if the committee had not i; to unybodv. I ut I say that the system necessarily
the power to give Boyd Hamilton the henenUofli exposes those concerned in if tn coinip;ing infln-
these increased prices, they could h-ive come here !' cnces, ;md when -bnd men come to administer it,
and got the power. I do not see why he should will lead to corruption, even if it has not done so
be specially excluded. ''now.
Cut, in this connection, I would like to ask j| Now, I want to appeal to gentlemen candidly,
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. jj I have no interest in the world to subserve in the
Gorm\m,] whether Boyd Hamilton,'in his m
moriul to that committee, asked for an increase in
his piices, or whether he asked for relief in con-
sequence of the action of that committee?
Mr. GORMAN". I will answer the gentleman.
Boyd Harnikon came to the committee with a
memorial stating the fact that he hod not complied
with his contract, in paper and some other par-
ticulars, and asking for general relief. j
Mr. EVANS. I am about to close this hour !
matter. Tms contract system was entered into :
some years ago, when this subject was not so well !
understood. But we have seen the difficulties in j
which it has involved us. Now, we can get out1,
of it easily, and with honor to ourselves. We can j
leave these political journals to stand upon' the \ '<
same footing with other public journals, upon their
respectability, their character, and their subscrip- j'
tion, and we can execute our own public printing. I
Mr. GAYLORD. Will the gentleman permit I
which the continuous courtesy of this House has ; me to interrupt him ? This House is getting tired
accorded me.
Now, sir, I do not care anything about Boyd j
Hamilton, or Gideon &Co.,or Donelson & Arm- i:
strong, or anybody else, in connection with j|
this public printing. But I think a due regard ;j
to this House, to the character of the country, to !l
our own reputation, and to the interests of* the
of this discussion. Besides, it has been suggested j
to me that he has spoken more than an hour. i
Mr. EVANS. I am sorry the gentleman should !
say anything so discourteous to me. I have yielded !
to every gentleman who has desired to interruptme, !
as I am sure the great body of the House will bear j
me out in what I am saying. They may be tired I
of me, it is true. The gentleman himself,' I have
no doubt, is tired of a discussion which has brought
the light to shine upon some acts which he might
rather have left in the dark. It is true that this
discussion and explanation have made the light
shine in dark places, but it will serve to point out
those things which ought to be amended. 1 assure
the gentlemanj would never haveinterrupted him.
But it is no matter. What I want the House to
do is this: If you choose to adhere to the contract
system, let that system be enforced.
Mr. GAYLORD. I meant no offense in what
I said.
Mr. EVANS. Oh, I took no offense.
Mr. GAYLORD I assure the gentleman I
meant not the least disrespect.
Mr. EVANS. I am quite confident of that. , I
am sorry I showed so much warmth in relation
to it. .
But I was about to say that the , price of com-
position and press-work being fixed, if we supply
the paper ourselves, we can have the work oone
without difficulty. But the other is the best plan
It is best to establish a Government printing-office
[Here the hammer fell.] , ^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned till twelve o 'clock, to-mor*
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SCUDDERgave notice that he would to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, ask leave to bring m a hill graft-
ing to the State of Massachusetts seven hundred thousand
acres ot tiiu public lands to aid in the extension of the Cape
Cod Branch Railroad, from Sandwich to Cape Cod harbor:
and the establishment of steam communication from some
point on said roacl to the island of Nantucket,
PETITION'S, &C-
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
I under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
■ ByMi. MACE : The memorial of Alfred G. Hall,M. D.,
j of the city of Cincinnati, asking tor the passage of a law to
protect him m a new and valuable discovery m the healing
ait.
i By Mr. STRATTON: The petition of Isaac Wilson and
J 328 other*, citizen*, of Biidsreton, irt the State of New Jer-
sey, asking a more: adequate protection to the articles of
iimi uruj gla^s, and to protect the labor of the country against
' the ruinous effect of foreign competition.
• Also, the petition o.' It. C. Nichols and 135 others, cit-
! izens of the cduntj of Cumberland, in the State of New
' Jersey, asking that a duty of at leas-t forty per cent, ad valo-
rem on the average puces of the last ten yeais, to be levied
on the article of iron.
By Mr JOHNSON, of Ohio. The memorial of John
: Hutchinson and 129 other citizens of Holmes County, Ohio,
praying Congress to icheve the officers ofGovernnient from
• the violation of the Lord's day by secular employment.
By Mr. FAULKNER: Petition of sundry citizens of the
; county of Jefferson, State of Virginia, setting forth the loss
j sustained by the mechanics employed in the servicc of die
[ United States, at the national armory at Harper's Ferry,
trom the recent floods and praying Congress to make gome
provision for their relief.
Also, the petition of Maunus Lang, for au increase oflxis
pension.
By Mr. HENN7: Petition ofPaui Shepherd and CO ojhers,
citizens of Green town-hip, Wapello county, Iowa, asking
foi aerantof land to aid in the constructionof a railroad
from Lafayette, Indiana, Via Bmlington, Iowa, to tho Mis-
souri river.
By Mr-BARllRRE: Two petitions signed by numerous
ntizens of Clermont county, Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Wilijam^burgh, in Clermont
county, Ohio, to Winchester, in Adams county, Otiio.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The memorial of George
H. Mo'tViS and others, of Vermillion county, Indiana, for a
{rrant of one seetion.of the public lauds lying within %aid
State, to each civil township for the support of common
•u Isaol-f therein.
By Mr COTTMAN : Resolutions of the Legislature of
Maryland, in relation to the survey o: Pocomoke souml,
and the cnaunei running between Watt-V inland and Fox's
Lvl-uid, and between Pocwuoke found and Tangier sound,
with a view to affixing buoys on the biirs in said channel
and sound.
By Mr. LETCHER: Memorial of James Raynes ol
Rockingham enmity, Virginia, for arrearages of pension-
iiy Mr. J. W. IJOWE: Two petitions of citizens of
Meicer county, Pennsylvania, praung Congress to establish
a post route uom the borough of Mercer, in said county, via
Sandy Lake and Now Lebanon ?o Deer Cieek post office.
By Mr. CONGER. The petition of O. B. Sfebbins, spe-
cial mail agent, A. S. Williams, po^tmaeter at Detnot, and
others, praying that that pai t of post route ISo. 3,757 from
Detroit to t'fioa, by way of Royal Oak, Michigan, be
changed so as to run by way of the plank toad from Detroit
to Utica.
Al^o. the pot'tion of James Morton, and others, citizens
of Michigan, acain-t running the mails on theSabbath, &e.
By Mr. McQ.UEEX: /Die.memorial of Dr. John V. An-
derson, for compensation for a stave lost in tho Mexican
war service.
