•1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
By Mr. CHURCH WELL: The petition of Samuel Mar-
tin, of Tennessee,-praying Congress to establish a system
of public printing, that will distribute the journals and pub-
lic documents among the people.
By Mr. APPLEToN, of Maine: The petition of R. C.
Johnson^ and 32 others, of Gorham, Maine, in favor of ex-
ending tfcc. Woodworth patent.
IN SENATE.
. Thursday, May 6, 1852.
. PrayerbytheChapkrin,theRev.C.M.Butler.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of the
heirs of John Stark, a Major General in the army
. ofithe Revolution, praying to be allowed depreci-
ation on commutation certificates;' which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
" Mr. "BRODHEAD presented the petition of
George T. Mitchell, praying that the costs of a
suit brought against him by the United States,
may be refunded, with interest; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
-Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Abi-
- gail Stafford, only daughter and heir of Henry
Smith, praying compensation for the services of
hftr fathefduring the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of' Massa-
chusetts, in favor of an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a light-house on Minot's Ledge; which
were read, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand the rnemovial
of John R. St. John, in which he states that he is
conversant with the construction of steam vessels,
with navigation, and with the rocks of the Atlan- |
tic; and he professes to be able to build a steam i
vessel that can neither be burnt, nor sunk, even if !
stove against iceberg's or rocks, and that cannot i
be blown up by its boilers, and which will sail at j
an average speed across the Atlantic of fifteen
miles an hour. He also will undertake to build I
the vessel in five years, provided the Government
wilt remunerate him in case of success. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. It was so referred.
Mr. HALE also submitted documents in rela-
tion to the compensation paid to Charles A. Da-
vis, a lieutenant in the Navy, for, services in pre-
paring theNautical Almanac; which were ordered
to he printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs of Johannes Schultz, or Shultys, praying
compensation for the services of their ancestor
during the war of the Revolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted an additional docu-
ment in relation to the memorial of Robert H.
Caft'eeand others, of the Mexican Boundary Com-
mission; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORT FROM STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of the
Legislature of Tennessee, praying an appropria-
tion to complete the navy-yard at Memphis accord-
ing to the original plan, submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
BELDEN & COMPANY".
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That tht? Piesidentof the United States be re-
quested to lay before the Senate all papers and proofs, on
file in any of the Executive Depaitments, touching the
claim of Samuel A. Belden & Co., of Brownsville, Texas,
against the Mexican Government, lor injuries inflicted upon
said Belden & Co., as'alleged by thcni in violation ot' the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
FLORIDA VOLUNTEER COMPANIES.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to: ,
Resolved, That the Committee ori Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire-into the expediency of providing by law
for the payment of the volunteer companies raised and com-
manded by Captains S. L. Sparkman, J. Parker, R. D.
Bradley, E. E. Mi/.ell, and A. Jerm>can, iq>on the frontier
settlements of Florida, m the year 18*19, for the protection
of the citizens against the Seminole Indians.
BTLT.S PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally-
read a third time and passed:
An act granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land, for
the purpose of constructing a canal or railroad
across the peninsula of Michigan; and
An act granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the State of Michigan, in trust for
the- Zilwaukie, Grand Traverse, and Mackinaw
Plank Road Company, in aid of the construction
of a plank road from Zilwaukie on Saganaw river,
to Grand'Traverse Bay, thence to the Straits of
Mackinaw.
'The last-mentioned act was amended by striking
out all after the word " Michigan," and inserting
" for making a railroad from Saganaw river to
Mackinaw."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Cleric, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate,
entitled "An act concerning the sessions of the
courts of the United States in the district of Del-
FAYETTE VILLE AND CENTRAL PLANK ROAD.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution, of
which I had not an opportunity yesterday to give
notice. It is a mere local matter.
No objection being made, the resolution was
accordingly read, as follows:
Resolution granting the right of way to the Fayetteville
■ and Central Plank Road.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the right ot way through the public lands of the Uni-
ted ritatcs at Fayetteville, North Caiohna, which are not at
present improved, be, and,the same is hereby, granted to
the Fayetteville and Central Plank Road Company: Pro-
tndedy That m the opinion of the President ot the'United
States, siu-h giant be nut mjuuous to the public interest:
And prodded fin tkei, That if said road be not completed
within two year*, or if at any tune alter its completion the
ijdnl road b« di>continued or abandoned, the grant shall
cease and dctenmne.
Mr. BADGER. 1 wish to make a very brief
explanation, and ask the indulgence of the Senate
for the second reading of the resolution, with a
view to put it on its passage.
Mr. CASS. Does the resolution specify any-
particular width ?
Mr. BADGER. No, sir.
Mr. CASS. Would it not be better that it
should ?
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection. All I
want is tiie width of the plank road; and I am
quite willing to amend it, so as to meet the views
of the Senator.
1 merely wish to mention that a plank road is
being constructed, of some importance to the State
of North Carolina, at least to a large portion of
her citizens; and unless they have the right of
running this road through the lands referred to in
the resolution, they will have to make a long and
expensive detour. As part of the road is made
overhigh land, it is important that it should not
be made to deflect from the direct course. And as
it is the first application made by North Carolina
for the right of way, and as it does not make a
demand for any extensive grant of land, I hope
that the Senate will consent to its being put on its
passage.
The resolution was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER. I now beg leave to make the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] by inserting in the proper place,
the words: " provided that the right of way so
granted shall not exceed forty feet in width."
The amendment was agreed, to.
The resolution, as amended, was then reported
to the Senate; and the amendment having been con-
curred in, the resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. It was subsequently read
a third time and passed.
PROSECUTION OF CLAIMS BY MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS,
Mr. BRODHEAD. Some days ago, I reported
back from the Committee on Claims, a bill making
it unlawful for certain persons therein named to
prosecute claims against the United States; I pre-
sume there will be no objection to its consideration
now, or to its passage. The bill has been well
considered, and I would be glad if the Senate would
consent to take it up now.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to postpone
the prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of " A bill to amend and extend
the provisions of an act approved July 29, 1846,
entitled ' An act in relation to the payment of
claims.*" The bill has been reported from the
committee with amendments.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to, and the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill provides that all transfers and assign-
ments hereafter to be made of any claim upon the
United States, or any part or share thereof, or
interest therein, whether absolute or conditional,
! and whatever may be the consideration therefor,
' and all contracts or agreements hereafter to be made
' for allowing compensation to any agent for claims,
' or other person or persons for or on account of
services performed or to be performed in procur-
ing testimony in supportof or otherwise aidingin
obtaining the allowance of any such claim; and
all powers of attorney, orders, or other author-
ities, for receiving payment of any such claim, or
any part or share thereof, shall be absolutely null
| and void, unless the same shall Be freely made and
' executed in the presence of at least two attesting
witnesses, after the allowance of such claim, the
ascertainment of the amount due, and the issuing
of a warrant for the payment thereof.
The second section provides that any officer of
the United States, or person holding any place of
trust or profit, or discharging any official function
under or in connection with any Executive De-
partment of the Government of the United States,
who, after the passage of this act, shall act as an
agent for prosecuting any claim or claims against
the United States, or shall in any manner or by
any means, otherwise than in the discharge of his
proper official duties, aid or assist in the prosecu-
tion or support of any such claim or claims, shall
be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor, and
on conviction in any court having cognizance
thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding one thou-
sand dollars, or suffer imprisonment not exceed-
ing six calendar months, or both, as the court in
its discretion shall adjudge, due regard being had
to all the circumstances of the case.
The amendment proposed to add the following
additional section to the bill:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any member of
either Hous?e of Congress who, after the passage of this act,
shall, for compensation paid or to be paid, ceitain or con-
tingent, act as agent oi attorney for prosecuting any claim
oi claim's against the United States, or shall in any manner
or by'any means, for such compensation, aid or assist m
the prosecution or support ot any such, claim or claims,
shall be liable to indictment and prosecution, as in the cases
mentioned m the second section of this act. -
The fourth section,as originally proposed,is as
follows;
See. 4. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act, and of the act of July twenty-nine, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, entitled " An aet in relation to the
payment of claims," shall apply and extend to all claims
against the United States, whether allowed by special acts
of Congiess, or arising under general laws or treaties, or m
any other manner whatever.
Mr. HAMLIN. It strikes me that that amend-
ment is not quite definite enough. I take it that
any member of Congress may have occasion to
argue a cause in the court-room below, in the pros-
ecution of a claim. I would like to have the
amendment made specific, and embrace precisely
what the Senator intended it should embrace.
?Mr. BRODHEAD. I think there can be no
difficulty with regard to that section. The United
States cannot be sued, and therefore members of
Congress cannot be concerned in suits against the
. United States.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest, that though
. I concur with the view expressed by the Senator
\ from Pennsylvania, that there is no necessity for
i such an amendment, perhaps it will relieve the
; difficulty if the Senator will consent to insert an
i amendment, so as to provide against the prosecu-
! tion of any claim pending before either House of
1 Congress, or any of the Executive Departments.
; Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to in-
j serting such an amendment; but I think it is un-
| necessary. The amendment is sufficient as it is.
• Mr. BADGER. I think it is sufficient as it is;
i but it may relieve the difficulty which exists in the
i minds of some.
i Mr. BERRIEN. That amendment is obviously
j important. There are cases which occur in the
j Supreme Court of the United States, in which a
[ claim is prosecuted against the United States. The
I United States authorize individuals in the Territo-
