2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
no intention of charging that gentleman with, any
course of conduct designedly offensive, nor had I
any intention of saying anything personally of-
fensive to him. I know that gentleman's gener-
osity of sentiment too well to suppose that he
would designedly say anything offensive.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to the matter of
which I spoke, I never knew anything personally,
and it was humorously said on my part entirety.
Mr. DURKEE. I wish to state that I had in-
tended to address the House on this bill. But
as I was prevented by the close of debate, I will
publish my remarks.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
same amendment which I last offered, with the
exception that I reduce the amount one dollar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not offer his amendment, but allow us to progress
with the bill,
Mr. STANTON. I offer the amendment be-
cause the House does not understand the question,
fl because the matter is itself one of economy,
hen the gentleman himself [Mr. Houston]
understands it, and the House understands it, they
will pass the amendment.
Now, the G-overnment of the United States ex-
ercises jurisdiction over these streets and avenues.
*The grades are made one day at great expense,
and changed the next, day at another expense.
The gieat object Congress had in view when it
adopted the original proposition upon this subject,
was to devise a general system, by which the
grades would be fixed permanently for all time to
come. This proposition simply proposes to carry
out what Congress has heretofore directed to be
done; and, in orderthatthe House may haveafull
understanding of the subject, I request the Clerk
to read the balance of that letter.
[The Clerk then read the balance of the letter,
which is inserted above in full, commencing with
the words " I deem it, therefore, most import-
ant," &c.]
Mr. FICKLIN. I wish to inquire whether
these grades are not already made the foundation
of application for damages against the Govern-
ment on account of injuries to property arising
therefrom ?
Mr. STANTON. I know of but a single case
in the city where damages have been asked for by
the owners of property, and that is on the street
running north from the Capitol, past Captain
Wilkes's, and that case is one where there has
been a deep cut of some twenty or more feet.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART offered the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the clauses under the head
of" public buildings."
For refunding to the State of Michigan the amount of
money advanced by said State in organizing, subsisting, and
trans-purling volunteers previous to theii being mustered into
the sprvice of the United States dunng the war with Mex-
ico, together with the interest on said ^um at six per cent,
per annum, $20,000; which said sum, or so much thereof
a-* shall be ncce-^ary to pay and cancel the claim of said
State, as presented and now filed in the office of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury Department, together with in-
terest as aforesaid on said claim from the time sajd advances
were made bv said State, shall foe paid by the Secretary of
the Treasury to the Governor or other proper officer of the
said State of Michigan.
Mr. S. said: At this late hour i do not wish to
detain the committee one moment unnecessarily.
It is weU known to everybody 
Mr. HEBARD. I rise to a question of order.
My point is, that this amendment does not pro-
pose appropriation in pursuance of any existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The question made is,
that the proposed appropriation is not to carry
out any existing law. The joint resolution of
1846, and the act of Congress in 1847, provide for
the payment of the expenses incurred by States,
corporations, and individuals in raising and sus-
taining troops called into the service of the United
States during the Mexican war. The Chair is
therefore of the opinion that the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Michigan is in
order.
Mr. STUART. As I was about stating, when
interrupted, this money was advanced some five
years ago, by the State of Michigan, when we
were called upon to raise a regiment for the Mex-
ican war. It was near the close of the war, and
the regiment was raised in great haste, and ex-
pedition, and the State promptly advanced the
money. There is no dispute anywhere, as to the
advance of the money. The Department does not
dispute it; but by the stringency of the regulations
in the War Department, the State is unable to fur-
nish such receipts as they insist ought to have
been taken, under their regulations, from captains
who paid out that money, so as to enable the
accounting officer to pass the account. There is
not an accounting officer who denies but what the
evidence is satisfactory to show that the money
has been advanced in the language of the law.
But the$e restrictions have been maae by the De-
partment, in order to meet individual claims, and
to prevent frauds from being practiced upon them;
and they require the same vouchers from a State
that they do from an individual, and it is impossi-
ble for the State of Michigan to comply with
them, because the regiment was raised expedi-
tiously, and these receipts were not taken. Many
of the individuals are dead, and it is out of the
power of the State to get them. But we promptly
responded to our duties under the Constitution,
and the laws of the country, and there is no rea-
son in the world, founded in equity and justice,
why the claim should not be paid.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask the gentleman
what is the amount of the claim ?
Mr. STUART. It is #15,000. The amount
provided for in the amendment is §20,000, or so
much of that sum as shall be necessary to adjust
and satisfy the claim of Michigan, with six per
cent, interest from the time the advance was made.
Mr. FOWLER. Another question I wish to
ask is this: Is there any dispute that the State has
actually advanced and paid this amount of money ?
Mr. STUART. Not a particle anywhere; and
the law under which this money is to be refunded,
expressly provides that six percent, shall be paid
from the time the advance was made.
Mr. STANLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] by inserting the additional sum of $10,000,
to be paid to the State of North Carolina, for
money advanced by her for the same purpose.
Both claims stand upon the same footing; and if
the one is allowed I hope the other will be. There
is no doubt about the payment of this money.
I am just informed, Mr. Chairman, that Ala-
bama has a claim of a like character. I will in-
clude both States in the same amendment, and
make the sum $20,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to pay the claims of the States
of North Carolina and Alabama, for money ex-
pended in paying soldiers engaged in the Mexican
war.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman had better
reduce his amendment to writing.
The amendment was reduced to writing, and
"presented, as follows:
" And the sum of .$20,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the claims of the States of North Carolina
and Alabama, for expenditures made by said States in pay-
ing soldiers engaged in the war with Mexico."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I raise a
question of order. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend ?
The CHAIRMAN. A question of order has
already been raised upon the amendment. The
amendment is proposed to cornein after line eight
hundred and seventy-six under the head of mis-
cellanies.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the Chair decided that
it was germane to the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it was in order, being an appropriation to
carry out existing laws.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the question of or-
der—that it is not germane to the section in which
it is proposed to be inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
comes too late.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It seems to me that this
is a very loose way of transacting business. We
have appropriate committees appointed for the
express purpose of taking into consideration these
various claims, and those committees, I believe,
have been in the city of Washington always ready
to receive the applications of gentlemen. The gen-
tleman whose amendment I now oppose is a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
of course cannot say that he was not aware there
was a committee whose appropriate duty it was
to attend to this matter. I object to this mode of
doing justice to the States. I acknowledge my
willingness to pay to the States of Michigan,
North Carolina, and Alabama every dollar thus
advanced by them; but I am opposed to having
these questions sprung upon this committee by
any member after they have been considered and
rejected by the appropriate standing committee.
Mr. GENTRY. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I desire to state that various claims from
individuals and corporations have been presented
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and that
they have all been rejected upon the ground that
the general law authorizing the payment of all
claims for advances made in preparing and march-
ing troops into Mexico during the war by States,
corporations, or individuals, is ample and broad
in its provision. The committee have investi-
gated that subject time and again, and decided
against every claim upon that ground.
Mr. CLEVELAND. And of course there is
no sort of apology for attempting to get them in
by this mode, and I warn the committee against
granting these claims in the way they are attempted
to be paid by gentlemen who rise in their places
and ask to make an amendment providing for
such and such a case. The law is ample enough
to furnish them with all the remedy they need.
If it is not, I think we should wait and receive a
report from the committee to which the subject
was referred before making the allowance. I am
decidedly opposed to individual members getting
up and, to a general bill reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, offering such amend-
ments as this. It is dangerous, and it is unjust
and unfair to the committee and to the country.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask that the law be read.
A Member. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is not
in order.
[Cries of " Giustion !" l< Question !"]
Mr. ORR. I would ask of the gentleman from
North Carolina to modify his amendment so as to
provide for the payment to South Carolina of
$20,000 for advances made by her.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to modify
my amendment in that way.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to modify his amendment.
Mr. JOHN W.HOWE. Will not the gentleman,
enlarge his amendment so as to embrace an appro-
priation of $20,000 for the improvement of the
Allegany river?
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir, of $30,000. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GENTRY. The law is ample. If proof
be made under the law, every cent of these claims
can be obtained.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. Has not the
amendment been considerably enlarged ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Is it not, then, in order to
discuss the enlarged amendment? No discussion
has been had since modifications have been ac-
cepted by the gentleman from North Carolina to
his amendment".
The CHAIRMAN. That is very true; but
the amendment is under the control of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. Further debate is not
in order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. One of these claims has
been before the committee, and they are prepared
to report against it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanly was rejected.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move the following
amendment:
For moneys advanced by Virginia during the Mexican
wai to pay the expenses of volunteers, $5,000.
1 offer that amendment" simply for the purpose
of stating that the claim of Virginia for advances
to her Mexican volunteers has been before the
Committee on Military Affairs. The subject was
carefully investigated by that committee, and the
result of their investigation' has been that the Sec-
retary of War is authorized, under the provisions
of the act of 2d of June, 1848, to make all pay-
ments of that description satisfactorily established
by evidence before that Department. In pursu-
ance of the instructions of the committee, I have
made such a report, which has been laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
make an inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia.
It is simply this: Whether the provision he al-
ludes to does, in his opinion, meet sases where it
