1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*2123
is perfectly evident the money has been expended,
but where vouchers cannot be shown for it, owing
to the absence or death of those who, in the ser-
vice, had the money and expended it?
Mr. FAULKNER. I presume not. That is a
question of fact alone. The law has settled the
principle, and the law has given to the Secretary
of War all the authority, if the facts can be made
out satisfactorily to his mind. I presume in the
absence of testimony—in the absence of vouchers
the Secretary of War would have no authority to
act upon the subject.
Mr. STUART. I am opposed to that amend-
ment, and I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to a few facts. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had listened to what I related, he would not
object; nor would any gentleman of this commit-
tee.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not addressing himself in oppo-
sition to the amendment which he professes to
do.
Mr. STUART. I am under special obligations
to the gentleman from Ohio. lie has discussed
this bill out of all sort of order, and nobody has
objected.
Mr. CA.RTTER. I rise to anothei;question of
order; the gentleman has no right to comment
upon my conduct.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman takes especial
pains to call me to order the moment I rise to say
anything.
I wish to address myself to the argument of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner.] The
State of Michigan advanced this money. The
regulation under the law to which the gentleman
has referred, requires that a certain species of proof
shall be made in all cases. The law provides that
it shall be proved satisfactorily to the Secretary of
War. The Secretary of War sets down and
makes a set of regulations, and says that "if you
cannot comply with these regulations f will de-
clare it not proved under that law." What are
those regulations? Although the State has ad-
vanced the money and paid it into the hands of
the officers, yet if those officers did not take re-
ceipts for every dollar and every cent they paid,
and cannot present those receipts here, the Secre-
tary in his regulations outs it off. He says these
regulations are indispensable in order to prevent
frauds by individuals. What are the facts? The
Government has been plundered by individuals
from the day the law was passed till this, notwith-
standing his regulations. Frauds have been com-
mitted over and over again. Some of the perpe-
trators have fled the country, and others have been
indicted. The effect of these regulations is to pre-
vent payment to the States. While the Depart-
ment states they have no doubt we have paid the
money—that the evidence is clear—they say, Here
is our platform of regulations—if you cannotcome
up to it we will not pay you.
Now, I do not propose to override these regula-
tions. Let them stand there. Let them cut off as
many frauds as they can; but I submit it is the duty
of Congress, where they believe that the State has
advanced the money, that we shall pay it. That is I
all there is in this case. The law is of no use tons, j
because here is a set of regulations the State can- j
not comply with, for the reason that some of the 1
officers are dead, and some in the haste of raising j
equipping and taking their regiments into action, I
did not take receipts. There are about two thirds i
of the claim, therefore, excluded by the reguia- !
tions. I ask gentlemen what reason there is for i
keening us here year after year, under such cir- 1
cumstances ? We have had the opinion of the At- !
torney General, that this debt ought to be paid.
The Secretary of War sat down and replied to him
that if that opinion prevailed, individuals would
come in under his regulations, and the Govern-
ment would be defrauded. If there is any reason
for it, I am willing to be voted down; but is there
any reason, founded in equity and justice, that a
State which advanced this money, five years ago,
should not have it refunded?
The question was then taken on Mr. Faulk-
ner's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment—
Mr. STTTART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stuart and Hart were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENKINS moved that the committee rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Stephens,
of Georgia, and Molony were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 66, noes 43.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, andparticularly House bill No. 196, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30th,
1853, and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. DUNCAN. With the leave of the House,
1 will make a report from the Committee on Com-
merce, in order that it may be printed and referred.
Itis thebill making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the di-
rection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, objected.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the House
then adjourned till to-morrow at eleven o'clock,
a. m.
pErmoNs, &c.
The following petition*, memorials, &c., weie presented
under tlie Mile, and mferred to the appropuate committees;
By Mr. STEPHENS, of New Yoik- The petition of S.
E. Quidoi ami others, citizens ot New York, praying for
the extension of CTri Emmons's patent of Apul 25,18:29, for
a planing machine.
By Mr HOW, of New York: The memorial of Isaac
Turner, Sfith Turner, and otheis, for bounty land.
By Mr. FLOYD : The memorial of John P. Jones and
oth<*rri, of New York, foi the passage of a law for the better
protection of lite on vessels and boats propelled by steam.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugust 7, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F.Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DUNCAN, by the unanimous consent of
the House, reported, from the Committee on Com-
merce, a bill making appropriations for light-
houses, lights-boats, buoys, &c., providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes; which was read the first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 146, to reg-
ulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States.
Mr. STEPHENS, of New York, said: At this
late day of the session, I am aware that I deviate
from the general practice in requesting, in open
House, the introduction of a petition; but I do so
in the case of this one forwarded to me by a num-
ber of respectable inhabitants of the State of Nesv
York, that the attention of every member of Con-
gress may be called to the subject to which it
relates-—the frequency of steamboat disasters, and
the consequent fearful destruction of human life.
It particularly alludes to the burning of the Henry
Clay, which occurred on the 28th of July last.
It is not necessary, nor do I intend to depict to
you the heart-rending scene of that awful calamity,
as day after day the friends of absent ones searched
in the dread of finding them among the lost.
Nearly all the eighty or more bodies recovered
have been claimed by their friends. Among those
who untimely met their end, a few were strangers;
but at the hands of a Christian community they
received the rites of Christain sepulture.
With regard to those who had charge of that
boat I have nothing now to say. An outraged
people have taken measures to redress the wrong
committed upon them.
I move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and trust that they will
promptly consider and grant the prayer of the
petitioners. The petition ism the following words:
To the Honorable the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States:
The undersigned most respectfully and most feelingly
call the attention of your honorable body to the published
accounts of two fearful and appalling disasters, on board of
two boats propelled by steam, within the last thirty days—
one. the St. James, of New Orleans, on the 5th of July, and
the other the Henry Clay, of New York, on the 28th of the
same month; and earnestly ask that the bill for the better
protection of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled by steam recently passed by the Senate of the
United States may be immediately acted upon by your
honorable body.
The undersigned also desire to call your particular atten-
tion to the fearful record of the loss of human life by the
burning of the steamer Griffith on Lake Erie, on the 16th
of June, 1850; ami to the fact that the bill now before your
honorable body lias been pending in Congress since that
teirible catastrophe, dunng which time, the precious lives
of hundreds of passengers have been sacrificed.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will, then, present it un-
der the rules.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee^. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. HAVEN. At the time when I yielded the
floor yesterday to the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] I was remarking upon some of
the provisions of this bill, in reference to their
bearing upon the State of New York, and thecon-
struction resorted to to evade the intention of the
framers of the clause in the appropriation bill of
J842, which provides that the district attorney,
marshal, clerk of the circuit court, and clerk of the
district courts of New York for the northern and
southern districts, shall not hereafter receive any
greater or other fees and emoluments for services
rendered by them, respectively, in the said.courts
than now are, or hereafter may be, allowed by the
laws of the State of New York, to attorneys,
solicitors, counsel, sheriff, and clerjks,in the high-
est courts of law and equity, in said State, for like
services.
It will be seen by the report of the Comptroller
of the Treasury, and the bills of costs thereto
annexed, that, inasmuch as this provision was a
limit upon the district attorney, and inasmuch as
it declared he should have no greater fees and emol-
uments for services than by the laws of New
York are given to attorneys, solicitors, and coun-
sellors; and inasmuch as the laws of New York
then authorized a person, who was both attorney
and counsellor, to receive fees in the same cause,
in both capacities, the district attorney claimed
he was entitled not only to district attorneys'fees,
but to the fees grven to counsellors also, and the
clerks and taxing officer, actually taxed and certi-
fied his fees and costs on that principle, and in pur-
suance of such claim. So that, instead of a restric-
tion, the provision of the statute of 384*2, which
I have referred to, was construed so as to enlarge
his fees by adding to them the fees of a counsellor
in like cases.
1 endeavored to show yesterday, that a like re-
sult would flow from the first section of this bill,
in cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction;
for as that section now stands, the solicitors, proc-
tors, and attorneys, of the first few lines of it, who
are, what in the civil law are called advocates,
can, m addition to the items given by the section
to them, make up a further bill as advocatesin each
case, under the provisions of the law ofNew York
of 1789, regulating fees in admiralty in said State;
and by the declaratory rule of taxation, adopted by
the court, they would be entitled to collect both
bills from the losing party. It is judicially deter-
mined in New York, in the northern district at
least, and is provided by the ninety-fourth rule of
the court, in that district, that this act of 1789, of
that State, governs the fees in admiralty, in thy
district courts of that State; and as the construc-
tion referred to is not affected by the bill under
consideration, and as the fees given by this bill to
solicitors, attorneys, and proctors, are only de-
clared to be in lieu of all fees now allowed to them,
the advocates will tax their bills of costs accord-
ing to the New York fee bill of 1789, and collect
them under the rules and laws as I have already
explained. Rut I will leave this branch of the sub-
ject, and look at the bill in its general aspect, and
in some of its other details, before submitting my
amendment to the House.
The general object of the bill—the leading and
prominent idea which the Judiciary Committee
seem to have entertained, and by which they have
been governed in framing the hill, has been to
equalize the fees throughout the whole country, or,
