1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
ries to bring the United States into court, in the
assertion of their titles to real estate. These
plaims are brought up before the Supreme Court
of the United States, and they afford instances of
claims against the United States which are prose-
cuted by counsel in that court. The amendment
suggested is, therefore, obviously important.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am aware that the Con-
gress of the United States sometimes authorizes
suits to be brought against the United States.
That,, however, is very seldom. But in order to
obviate all difficulty, I am willing to agree to the
amendment suggested by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina. I think it will obviate all
difficulty.
The PRESIDENT.. It is proposed to amend
the amendment of the committee, by inserting
after the words " United States," in the first sec-
tion, the words " before either House of Congress,
or any of the Executive Departments."
The section as proposed to be amended would
then read as follows:
Sec. 3. Avdbe it further enacted, That any member of
either House of Congress who, after the passage ot this act,
shall, for compensation paid or to be paid, ceitain or con-
tingent, act as agent or attorney for prosecuting any claim
or claims against the United States, before either House of
Congress or any of the Executive Departments, or shall in
any manner or by any means, for such compensation, aid
or assist in the prosecution or support of any such claim or
claims, shall be liable to indictment and prosecution, as in
the cases mentioned in the second section of this act.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The object of the com-
mittee in reporting this amendment, was to prevent
members of Congress from prosecuting claims
anywhere. Now, if the amendment suggested
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina
should be adopted, that is prescribing that mem-
bers of Congress shall not prosecute claims before
either House of Congress or any of the Execu-
tive Departments, it might be inferred that they
would go before boards of commissioners, and
therefore it will beconle necessary to insert " nor
before any board or boards of commissioners."
Mr. HALE. I think the amendment to the
amendment had better, be left out. It is well
enough as it is. It seems to me that it implies the
existence of something wrong, although I am
willing to concede to it so far a?? members of Con-
gress act upon claims before Congress or before
the Departments. But, sir, if the bill stands as it
is reported, it is general, and members of Con-
gress cannot practice m the prosecution of these
claims anywhere Now, there is a species of
claims against the United States, which is prose-
cuted in the Supreme Court directly, and which is
familiar to many gentlemen who now hear me.
There is also a case of doubtful construction of
law, as in the case of Kendall vs. Stockton &
Stokes, and there is a proceeding in the nature of
a mandamus against the officer, which is, in sub-
stance, a proceeding against the United States, and
it is as liable to all objections, so far as members
of Congress may be concerned in it, as if they
were prosecuting a claim before Congress or any
of the Departments. I think the amendment is
well enough as it is, and I hope the amendment
suggested to be made to it will not be adopted.
Mr. BADGER. 1 am very anxious that the
bill should be passed, and passed in an effectual
form. At the same time, I do' not concur with
the Senator from New Hampshire, and I think
that if there is any doubt about the amendment as
originally reported by the committee, it would be
better to adopt this provision. The evil intended
to be guarded against, is that of enabling members
of Congress to be engaged m the prosecution of
claims otherwise than in their quasi duties which
they perform for their constituents, and gratui-
tously, before such tribunals, and under such cir-
cumstances, that it may not be supposed their
position as members of Congress may give them
an undue influence in prosecuting them. But if
the United States authorizes a judicial tribunal or
quasi judicial tribunal to take cognizance of and
decide claims against the United States, I see not
why a member of Congress should not be at lib-
erty to prosecute his ordinary profession before
such tribunals as in other instances. The objec-
tion to the prosecution of any claim before either
House of Congress or the Executive Depart-
ment, is that which I have stated. Such aid
by'members of Congress should be entirely gratu-
itous, and performed from considerations of duty,
and should never be mixed up with the business
of Congress. But beyond that, it seems to me,
we should not extend the prohibition.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to hear some
reason given for the necessity of the amendment
which is proposed. I cannot see that the construc-
tion of the law will be affected materially, though
it might become more complicated by the addition
of the words proposed. As I view the law, it
does not interfere with the professional right of
any person to advocate and defend the rights of
his constituents in any'of the eourts of the United
States. I cannot see that there is any right to
prevent a member of Congress from prosecuting
claims against the United States Government under
any and all circumstances. I hope the bill will
pass as it is,- as I cannot perceive the necessity of
the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and, on a division, it was
agreed to—ayes 24, noes 14.
The PRESIDENT. The same amendment will
be necessary in the fourth section, and will be in-
serted to make it correspond with the rest of the
bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire further to amend
the amendment, by inserting the following words
after the word 44 Departments: "Or before any
4 board of commissioners constituted by any act
4 of Congress, or made necessary by treaties be-
' tween the United States and any other Power."
This will make that section read as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That any member of either
House of Congress, who, aftoi the passage of this act, shall,
foi compensation, paid or to be paid, certain or contingent,
act as agent or attorney for prosecuting; any claim or claims
against the United Stales before either House of Congress,
or any ol the Executive Departments, or before any board
of commissioners constituted by any act of Congress, or
made necessary by treaties between the United States and
other I'owcrs^^tyc.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The committee which re-
ported this amendment, intended to make it un-
lawful for members of Congress to prosecute
claims anywhere, and I believe that the amend-
ment, as it is, would effect that object. I do not,
therefore, consider the amendment to the amend-
ment at all necessary. It may, however, become
necessary now, since the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from North Caro-
lina; but the object of the committee in proposing
the amendment, as reported, was what I have
stated.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have received, within
the last live minutes, a letter, which,in connection
with one of the amendments proposed to the bill,
has suggested to mean idea that I will communicate
to the Senate. The amendment says, "Orshall,
' in any manner, or by any means, for such com-
4 pensation, aid or assistin the prosecution pr sup-
' port of any such claim or claims." Now, sup-
pose that a lawyer—a member of Congress—holds
a power of attorney,"or is engaged half a day in
preparing papers, does he, in charging office fees,
come within that provision ? Say that I receive
a letter, requesting me to go to some department,
and aid a person who has some claim against the
Government—possibly for lands—do I come with-
in the operation of theamendments by complying
with the request of the writer, and aiding him in
the prosecution of the claim ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thp clause speaks of
" compensation." If the performance of the ser-
vice was gratuitous, it would not be within the
operation of the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I never accept any com-
pensation for such services; but I do not know
that my practice, in that respect, should be a rule
for everybody. I know that many persons are
pretty^extensively engaged at home in prosecuting
that ovffice business,-and they receive that office
business, which is connected with the prosecution
of claims here, and receive compensation in the
shape of fees.
It seems to me that the action of members of
Congress should be distinct from that of champer-
ty and maintenance, and from obtaining part of
their supply from the Government. That its the
evil which should be guarded against, and nothing
but that. I move to strike out that part of the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. What part does the Sen-
ator refer to ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. From the words "or
inclusive," in the fifth line of the third page, the
following words-: " 0* shall, in any, manner, or
4 by any means, for such compensation,. aid or
' assist in the prosecution of any such claiifi or
* claims."
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say that- the adop-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky will leave the provision entirely vaih
and useless
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I withdraw it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, which was concurred in.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator from North Carolina. He stated
the other day, in speaking on this subject, what
he considered to be a very great evil, whiqh was
the recognition of agents by the different Execu-
tive Departments here in the prosecution of claims,
and, if I recollect right, he stated that the Execu-
tive officers were m the habit of retaining the fee
of the agent out of the compensation which was
due to the claimant.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill reaches that case.
Mr. BORLAND. This bili only relates to
remedies for the future; it is entirely prospective.
Do I understand that where there are pending
claims which have been allowed, but not paid, and
where there is a dispute between the claimants*
and agents—as I understand there are in some
cases—the fee will be paid into the hands of the
Executive officers, and the whole claim notbe paid
to the claimants?
Mr. BADGER. It is not the habit of the Ex-
ecutive Departments to retain out of claims any
sum of money for the "purpose of fees for compen-
sation; but wherethere has been an actual assign-
ment of any part of a claim they treat the assignee
quoad hoc as being in the situation of the original
holder, or assignor. The bill as originally intro-
duced made no distinction in terms between the
assignments already made or assignments hereaf-
ter to be made. The committee thought proper to
restrict it to future assignments. The committee
thought it was .proper that we should not have
even the appearance of undertaking to invalidate
by act of Congress, or by any ea? post facto pro-
vision, any assignment made in conformity to the
laws.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think that any diffi-
culty can possibly arise from the source suggested
by the Senator from Arkansas. I think that diffi-
culty is obviated by looking at the difference of
structure of the power of attorney and of an assign-
ment. The committee did not think they could
recognize the right of the Government to invali-
date any existing contract, where it amounted to
an assignment. They left it as'it stood in that
respect.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendments made in the Committee of the
Whole, and they were agreed to, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
WAR-STEAMER FOR HARBOR DEFENSE."
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from New Jejsey
[Mr. Stockton]' is deeply interested in the reso-
lution authorizing the building of an iron steamer.
His wishes were gratified the other day by having
the resolution taken up; but, on a motion made by
me, the subject was postponed for the, purpose of
takmgupthe bill relating to the claims arising from
the conquest of California. I know that it is
highly important that the deficiency bill should
now fee disposed of, but I give notice that I shall
call up the resolution, in which the Senator from
New Jersey is so much interested, on Tuesday
next.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade,] who would have been entitled by cour-
tesy to the floor to-day upon the resolutions in
regard to non-intervention, has consented to post-
pone his remarks, and will not probably call up
the resolutions until Thursday next.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, ag in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from tke
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852,'' the pending question being upon the amend-
