2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
as the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] has
expressed it, to lay down a " horizontal scale of
compensation;" that is, to give to solicitors, proc-
tors, and attorneys, as well as to marshals, clerks,
and district attorneys, the same compensation m
the district, in which Vermont, for instance, is in-
cluded, as is given in New York and in Louisi-
ana. This is not right. In my opinion, such a
mode of compensation, whilst it sounds well in
the abstract, is not an equal and proper mode, and
will be found to operate unjustly. It is a maxim,
that " equality is equity." This is true in a gen-
eral sense, but equality is not always equity.
Equality of compensation is not equity, unless it is
as between parties that are equal, and upon an equal
amount of services. To make equality equity,
as between Vermont and Louisiana, you must
first put into the hands of the district attorneys,
marshals, and clerks of Vermont, an amount of
business equal to that which they do in Louisiana,
and then you must make the practice and modes
of proceedings in both those States agree; one
must not involve more labor than the other. A
clerk or marshal in Vermont, who cannot by law
practice in the court whilst he remains such, and
to whom you furnish business enough to employ
him only a tenth part of his time, is entitled to
more compensation for what he does, than a like
officer in New Orleans or New York, for the same
amount of services, to whom you furnish business
enough to employ his entire time, as well as that
of his deputies.
This is one difficulty. I do not say that it is
an insuperable one, in my mind, to this bill. I
apprehend it will be found to be a difficulty with
gentlemen in various parts of the House, and
from various parts of the country, when they en-
deavor to come to a practical conclusion upon the
bill.
The main difficulty with me is in reference to
the fees of district attorneys, marshals, and clerks
in my own State. I am desirous that this bill, in
some modified form, or some well-considered bill
on this subject, should become a law. I think the
public interest requires it. I believe it would be
great injustice to leave this matter withoutfurther
legislation. I know the committee who have re-
ported the bill desire, if it is not now, that it should
oe made to be equitable and just, and not oppress-
ive upon any part of the country, or upon any
interest of the country, or unequal or unjust in
favor of the officers of any particular localities.
I have looked carefully into the bill again since
yesterday morning, and am willing to say that,
whilst f am not entirely satisfied with all the pro-
visions of the bill in reference to district attorneys,
yet I will accept it as an improvement upon past
legislation and construction on that subject. 1
think it will answer in that respect, and I am will-
ing to adopt it until experience shall dictate a fur-
ther change. It is quite a reduction upon the
items heretofore charged and allowed. I do not
say allowed bv law, but allowed by the certifying
and taxing officers to the district attorneys in the
northern and southern districts of New York.
In reference to clerks'fees as provided in this
bill, I think they are much too high for those offi-
cers in the State of New York. Whilst I pre-
sume as applied to Vermont, New Hampshire,
and Virginia, they are not too high. Nay, I
doubt whether for those, and, many other locali-
ties, they are high enough. That is my judgment
—my opinion. In fact, I doubt whether the clerk
of the district in which Vermont is included, or
the clerk of the eastern district of Virginia, can
get a living under this bill. I am informed, also,
that such is the fact in reference to some of the
other States and some of the interior districts
The fees of clerks in this bill are nearly, if not
quite, as high as they have been heretofore taxed
and certified under the old bills, particularly in
proceedings in admiralty; and I should say, when
you'lnke into consideration the pay per folio for
entering orders, proceedings, decrees, and such
like charges, and for copying them, that it would
be in no way surprising if, in the aggregate, they
were found to be higher than under the present
mode, honestly followed. This makes the fees of
clerks in my own State enormous, particularly in
the district courts—less so, I think, in the circuit.
Whilst I would be willing to give this enormous
compensation to the clerks if they alone were con-
cerned, I am not willing that the people of the
State of New York, and those who live upon the
borders of the great lakes in the northwest,
should submit to bear these onerous burdens.
I do not propose to dwell upon this matter in
its details, but I wish to call attention to the sub-
ject sufficiently to show, briefly, the practical ef-
fect of this bill in respect to this rate of clerks'
fees in my own district. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the chairman of the committee re-
porting this bill, [Mr. McLanahan,] has told us
that it was intended by the committee not to re-
duce the present amount of fees, as a general
thing, but to correct abuses. I think, as I have
said, and the committee intended, that the bill
does not reduce clerks' fees, but leaves them about
where it found them.
Now, I will take a case in my own district, with
all the facts of which I happen to be acquainted.
The case was one in admiralty, and was against
the propeller Ogoutz, which was owned, I believe,
in some of the States bordering on Lake Erie,
Huron, or Michigan; and it is not unlikely that
some gentlemen on this floor, representing some
part of that region, are familiar with its history.
Stephen Dudley and others filed their libel against
the Ogoutz in the district court of the northern
district of New York, on a claim of $118 75. On
filing thp libel, a warrant of attachment or arrest
was issued against the boat, and she was seized by
the marshal at Buffalo. After her arrest, twenty-
eight other persons, mostly mechanics, grocers,
sailors upon the boat, butchers who had furnished
her with meat, and bakers who had supplied her
with bread, presented by petition their various
claims to thecourtj and, to use a-technical phrase,
intervened for their interest against the boat—their
claims varyingin amountfrom about $15 up to about
$500. The aggregate of these claims, as finally
adjudged and decreed by the court, was §3,838 68.
Now, sir,the clerks' fees upon those claims against
the Ogoutz—that one case of arrest, and those
twenty-eight cases of intervention—as taxed and
certified by the proper officer, were $495 91; whilst
the marshal's fees, also, as taxed and certified, for
arresting and seizing that boat under the original
warrant, and the fees which he received under the
other claims that intervened, amounted to $659 81,
to which add $214, certified by the taxing officer,
' for ship keeping and poundage, and you have the
very respectable amount of $873 81.
This, sir, is an isolated case. I speak from the
facts accurately collected and published, and have
the statement made by one of the proctors before
me. I do not wish to press it upon the House;
but I submit to my friends here—gentlemen from
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin—all the States whose citizens have
shipping interests upon the northwestern lakes—
whether they think it is right, equitable, and fair,
I nay, whether it is endurable, that tbe vessels of
their constituents afloat upon these great fresh-
water seas, bearing their property and products to
a market in New York, shall, after being libeled
and arrested there, be subjected to' the payment of
these enormous fees before they can be released?
I can say to them that I think it is a great injus-
tice, ana operating very much to the detriment of
trade and commerce. I, for one, am unwilling
that the property of citizens of my district, or the
State of New York, shall he subjected to like fees
when it goes "West, and is libeled in their ports.
J In this case I speak from the record, and am not
i mistaken.
! Mr. FICKLIN. T desire to inquire of my
I friend from New York [Mr. Haven] howhepro-
j poses to remedy these heavy costs? He admits
, they are as onerous under the present law as they
j will be under this bill. How does he propose to
i diminish these costs?
| Mr. HAVEN. I will answer here and now,
, leaving the subject I was pursuing. I see that it
I is the opinion of the Comptroller of theTreasury,
' and of the Secretary of the Interior, that the fees
| of clerks in criminal cases are not now too high.
I propose to remedy it in this way, thatfhe clerks'
fees, in all criminal cases in New York, shall be
as provided in this bill; and in civil cases in suits
at law, in equity, and in admiralty, their fees shall
be limited to half the amount fixed by the items
in this bill. That will, in my judgment, pay a
i full and liberal compensation to the clerks, and it
j will be full as much as the business men of the
| country, engaged in commercial pursuits, will be
j willing to submit to. T propose this reduction
I only for my own State, but its benefits will be felt
by all the northwestern States. These same
charges without reduction, when you come to
transfer them to Vermont, New Hampshire, or
Virginia, will probably not be an adequate com-
pensation to the officers, but they are enormous
in New York. That is the remedy I propose,
and I will offer an amendment* to effect it, at a
proper time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to marshal's fees
in the case of the Ogoutz, ill-fated as she was, in
being captured and detained on a warrant of arrest,
yet, let us turn her to advantage, by drawing
lessons from her, in our pathway of legislation.
There was in her case one warrant of arrest, and
twenty-eight interventions. The House will see
that interventions are expensive, when applied to
vessels in admiralty and proceedings-in rem, as
well as when applied to national affairs, and in all
cases are to be avoided if possible, and never to
be entered upon without duly providing for the
costs. The marshal's fees in the one case of ar-
rest, and twenty-eight cases of intervention, as I
stated before, amounted to $873 81, including ship-
keeping and poundage.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. How does the
marshal £et his fees, in a case Of intervention ?
Mr. HAVEN. Any person having a claim
against the owners of a vessel proceeded against
in admiralty, if such claim be a maritime lien
upon the vessel, can file his petition containing a
statement of his claim, and the facts and circum-
stances which make it such a lien on the vessel,
and praying that it be paid out of the proceeds of
the vessel when sold by the marshal, or out of the
remnants so called, if already sold, and the pro-
ceeds in court. On filing this petition, the judge
directs a monition to be issued by the clerk; it is a
notice to all the world that the vessel is seized,
and is sent to the marshal for service, and he
serves it by sticking it up on the mast of the ves-
sel, and publishing a copy in the newspaper.
Now, the marshal for serving the monition, it
coming under the designation of a process of the
court, in addition to his fees of service, gets travel
fees from the place where the court is held, to the
place of service, which, in the case of the Ogoutz,
was over one hundred and fifty miles. The mo-
nition was sent him from Auburn to Buffalo, by
mail, and returned in the same way, making his
fees for service, travel, and return, on a monition
at least $11 3L I believe, to which add the print-
er's fees, and you get the grand result. This was
repeated twenty-eight times in the Ogoutz case,
on that number of different claims.
I know, sir, it was and is the desire of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to have this matter righted
so far as it is possible to right it, and preserveany
of the features of this bill. I know that, as fair
men, they would be unwilling to subjcct the busi-
ness of our commercial men, not only of the At-
lantic, the Pacific, and navigable rivers, but of the
great western and northwestern lakes, to these enor-
mous charges and fees, for such comparatively
trifling services; and I trust they will yet see the
impropriety of sacrificing these interests in com-
mercial communities to any fallacious idea of gen-
eral uniformity of fees throughout the entire coun-
try. We might as well insist upon a uniformity
of climate, of products, of business, and of insti-
: tutions, throughout the Republic, as upon a uniform*
I scale of fees to business, so very unequal in amount
j and under such very different circumstances.
I do not know which is the very best mode of
remedying: these evils, and correcting marshals'
fees; but it has occurred to me that, if we adhere
to any portion of this bill, the interest of my own
State—and I am now looking to that—would be
best cared for by providing that the marshals of
the two districts of New York shall have and re-
ceive the same fees and compensation as the sheriffs
of counties in that State. Such a provision will
reduce the aggregate of their compensation quite
considerably, for there is no such thing as charges
for several of these kinds of services under our
sheriffs' fee bill; and whilst it will reduce them es-
sentially, it will still give a full, fair, and sufficient
remuneration to the marshal for all the services he
may perform. Hisfees should be further restricted,
so that, in no case, he should have fees for trav-
eling over one hundred and twenty miles; that is,
more than sixty miles going and sixty miles re-
; turning, for the service of any process. This ia
j particularly necessary in our northern district,
I where our courts of admiralty are now held more
