848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
J
WRY,] with some care, to find a remark in it to
■which I had replied; but 1 could not find a word
of it m-.the speech of the honorable Senator. The
poor i emarks which I made were published as a
reply to something wffich, by the reports of^the
Senate, did not appear ever to have been said.
That.is onS instance, but jt is not a solitary in-
stsmfce.' I 3d ni)t mention this as a matter'of
reproach to the Senator from Florida, because it
is a thing whicih is frequently a,nd commonly done.
W'h&tl complain of, and what X think ought not to
fef done, is,'that SenaMws are allowed to erase what
they, said; and substitute what they did not say.
tdo not.complain of .anything to which the hon-
orable Senators from California and Michigan
allude, to make correct what they did say; but
what I complain of is, that our reports show
thiols !ft> Be said which are not said.
The resolution was then ordered to a second
reading,"read.a second time, and,the Senate pro-
ceeded' to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate without amendment, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
which was a bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa in aid
of the construction* of certain railroads in said
State.
To this bill there was an amendment reported
by the Committee on Public Lands,and the ques-
tion at the adjournment yesterday was on the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. FELCH. There are one or two verbal
amendments which I wish to make. In the ninth
line of the first section, speaking of the right to
take " timber, stones, &c.," I wish to strike out
and insert " and" between the words
" timber, stones," so as to make it read " timber
and stones."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I wish further to amend the
amendment by inserting in the nineteenth line of
the second section the word "right" after the
word "preemption." The word "right" is an
omission of the printer.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
then reported to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator from Iowa
£Mr. Dodgk] wilt not object, 1 will move to strike
out all after the word " States" in the sixth line
of the fourth section—that is "free from toll or
other charge," &c. I make this motion because I
believe that this imposition on the lme would be
wrong in itself—that it would be an imposition of
a burden upon tins road that should not be re-
quired. There is no equivalent m this bill for any
such reservation—at least none that I am aware
of. If there is any such, I would be glad if the
chairman of the Committee on Public'Lands, or
some other gentleman, would point it out. Now,
sir, it is well known that a large quantity of Gov-
ernment stores in the Quartermaster's Department
and the Department of the Commissary is now
transported by the Missouri river to the western
frontiers of the States of Missouri and Iowa, for
the supply of the army, not only on the frontiers
of Missouri and Iowa, l.ut upon the upper flat on
the whole route to California and New Mexico.
These supplies are transported by the Missouri
river, and thence across the plains of New Mex-
ico; and at various points military posts are to be
established on the route to California and Oregon.
They can receive supplies from no other source;
and 1 cannot therefore but think that this immense
amount of stores to be transported free of all cost
and charge is an imposition on this railroad for j
^ !lcn no equivalent whatever is provided ill the )
mil. r or these reasons 1 move to amend by stri- I
king out the words which I have designated.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I appreciate the mo-
tives of my friend from Missouri in offering the
amendment to which he has alluded. I concur 1
with him m every word that he has said in refer-
ence to that, provision, but I am so anxious for
the passage of the bill that I would rather take it
with some defects than risk it by pressing such an
amendment. We have been working to get this
bill for two or three years past. Our State has
held convention after convention on the subject,
and our Legislatures liave again and again in-
structed us to press it, and to give it all our atten-
tion, and for that reason I shall have to oppose
any amendment which may retard its passage.
Mr. ATCHISON. Well, I am not particular
about the amendment. I will withdraw it.
Mr. DAWSON. I regret that the Senatorfrom
Missouri has withdrawn his proposed amend-
ment, as this is a question which is to go before
the country, and I wish that the principle upon
which we act may be fully understood. The
principle first laid down by the Senator from Mis-
souri is, that the grant of land which is made
really confers no favor on the State of Iowa, and
but for the moral influence which might result
from giving this land to that State, he would not
accept it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I said no such thing as the
Senator states.
Mr. DAWSON. The proposition is, that it
will be of no advantage. I want to place this sub-
ject properly before the country. The principle
is this : that giving alternate sections of land for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of these
railroads, increases the value of the other sections
one hundred per cent., and that the land will be
sold for $2 50 per acre. If the Government lands
appreciate to that extent, the lands belonging to
the State of Iowa will increase in value also to
the same extent. The price of the public lands
to be given by this bill will amount, at §2 50 per
acre, to four and a half millions of dollars; and of
; course the railroad company will be reimbursed
to that extent; they will get four and a half mil-
lions of dollars by this bill.
The question I propose is this: is not such a
grant a decided benefit to the State of Iowa? Will
not her citizens receive an appropriation equiva-
lent to |4,500,000, and have a railroad built ex-
tending from Keokuck to Dubuque? This result,
then, will arise, that the State of Iowa will receive,
out of the public lands, a revenue annually for all
the transportation over that road, equivalent to the
necessary expenses of supporting her government,
and the people of Iowa, by a proper administra-
tion of the proceeds from this road, will be ex-
empt from State taxation. And how? By ap-
propriating the proceeds of the gift of the public
lands. And while she is thus relieved from taxa-
tion, the other States will be left without any aid
whatever. But, Mr. President, gentlemen say we
are merely throwing ourselves upon a principle
without being controlled by it. Prom Keokuck to
Dubuque, in Iowa, is the finest section of the
State, and all the public lands are nearly taken up
upon the route directly between these two points.
As the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Atchison]
said, the citizens have already gone on in antici- j
pation of these railroads being constructed accord- !
ing to the routes surveyed, and taken up the pub-
lic lands. This bill is discussed upon the principle,
that the whole of the lands between the two ex- '
tremes of the road belong to the public lands, and i
that when you give away one section to aid in
constructing the road, you increase the value of
the rest, while the fact is, all the land is taken. |
j What will be the next proposition? Why, at the |
next Congress, perhaps, there will be ail applica- j
tion similar to the one made by Illinois, ana one !
made by another Senator. They say you in- j
tended to give alternate sections on the line of the
proposed road or canal; but the public lands are
! all taken up: we have got about one third or one
fourth of the one million eight h.undred thousand
acres of land granted, and now we call upon Con-
i gress—to do what? To decide, as we did yester- I
day, to authorize them to select their lands any- i
where in the State. Now, that is the principle on ■
which you stand, that you increase the price of I
the public lands; and what is the consequence? j
You get two thirds, if not three fourths of the !
: lands distant from the railroads. Is it not aban-
. doning the principle on which we first started,
. when we give away the public lands to make roads
i from them. I do not suppose that my opposition
will avail anything. I have been here long enough !
I to apprehend that the bill will pass. I know there j
is a most extraordinary complication of interests
in favor of the principle of giving away these lands.
While some wish the lands to be given to the States
j in which they lie, there are those who wish to see
| the revenue of the country derived from taxation;
and because they desire to justify the increase of
! a tariff for that purpose, these two interests com-
bine, and will always control this question. And
what becomes of tile public lands ? They go to
the new States, and are used up by the States
where they lie, and their prosperity is greatly in-
creased. Now, there are railroads through all that
country, and the whole country is going on to
prosper more than ever before. I do not regret
that; but what I say is, amidst their prosperity,
whilst they go on so finely, let them remember
this, that the proceeds of the public lands, and
the public lands themselves, belong equally to
all the States of this Union; let them, while
we act liberally towards them, act liberally
towards us who belong to the old States. If
you are determined to take the course you are
pursuing with respect to the public lands, do it ill
a spirit of magnanimity and kindness and liberal-
ity. Say to the old State of North Carolina,
Every one of your railroads has been built with
your own money; say to her, that although she
has thousands of acres of barren land, and her
people are sparsely settled over the State, yet the
people of North Carolina have carried a railroad
through a pine country immediately in the neigh-
borhood of the sea-shore for hundreds of miles,
and this by the labor of their own hands. And
when you go to the fine rich lands on the waters
of the Missouri, what do you find? You find
railroads everywhere all taken from the public
lands, and not a dollar from the pockets of the
citizens, for which land, taken for the purpose of
building the roads, North Carolina contributed as
much as other States. I say to my younger sis-
ters, Take this property, but at the same time do
it with magnanimity; feel some regard for, some
attachment to, the old States which gained your
independence and gave you birth, and gave you
the liberty to control and manage these lands to-
day. Say to them, with magnanimity, We will
divide honestly and fairly with you, and we will
not combine with the Representatives of the new
States, or others who favor that particular interest
which desires that the avails of the public lands,
up shall never go into the treasury of the country.
If you will come to that, you will have no opposi-
tion from me. I appeal to the Senate if I have
uttered an illiberal expression with regard to the
public lands; and I believe that my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] if he were in my position,
would occupy the same ground that I do on this
question. Why ? Because I stand upon the prin-
ciples of truth and equity. I stand upon the
ground that these lands belong to the people, and
that the people, either in their individual charac-
ter, or their representative character, as the people
of the different States, are entitled equally to the
lands and the proceeds of the lands. Is there a
Senator here who can lay his hand on his heart
and say it is not true? Is there one > Not one.
I wish to be understood. I have been opposed
to the distribution of the public lands. I was op-
posed to it when I was in the House of Repre-
sentatives; but my opinions have changed, and
I am willing to divide these lands among the
States for purposes of internal improvement and
the education of the people; and I maintain that
when we go upon that principle, every part of
this country is entitled to the same share. Let
this bill pass, and let the impression of justice be
made upon the Senate, and say that we are all
entitled, that we will adopt apian by which old
Virginia and Massachusetts, and every State in
the Union, shall come in for her proper share.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) And New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, and even New Hamp-
shire. These are my views about this matter,
although I make these remarks with no hope that
this bill can be defeated. If the number of acres
were five millions instead of eighteen hundred
thousand, I suppose it would be given. And some
of the States have got seven millions of acres, and
they say the property is increased in value, so as
to be worth double the Government price, which
makes the whole value given to one State, about
$18,000,000. And yet my friend from Missouri,
when he was making that liberal speech yesterday,
and saying in his fine, manly voice, that he con-
sidered this as conferring no very great favor, and
talked about the public property being transported
free of charge, and seemed perfectly indignant that
Congress should ask any compensation for the
public lands, knew the very great advantage that
Missouri would derive from it. He is laughing
