1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
than one hundred and fifty miles from the places
where the great majority of arrests and seizures
of vessels are made. Besides, the marshals usually
have deputies within one hundred and twenty
miles of each other throughoutthe districts, so that
the geographical limits of their circuits would come
together in most cases; hence I would restrict pay
for travel to (say) sixty miles for going and sixty
returning, and for seizing and arresting avessel, or
any property in rem, on a warrant of arrest, to the
sum fixed by this bill.
Give ua such a rate of fees and compensation to
marshals in New York, and then if the bill is
deemed reasonably unobjectionable by gentlemen
from other States who are acquainted with its pro-
bable operation there, I shall take great pleasure
in aiding in perfecting and passing it. Still, I
imagine that neither the convention which framed
the Constitution, nor the Congress which enacted
the judiciary act, and the process act, so called,
ever fancied that any attempt would be made to
reduce this whole subject of fees and compensa-
tion, to a dead level throughout the Union. So
far from foreseeing, or even fancying such a state
of things, it seems to have been their gieat object
to preserve pcrfect harmony and uniformity be-
tween the State courts and Federal courts. So
that the Federal courts should operate for Federal
purposes within each State upon a system hardly
distinguishable from the State system. And as
early as 1789 Congress enacted, that the forms of
writs and executions, except their style, and
modes of process, and rates of fees in the circuit
courts and district courts, should be the same in
each State respectively, as was then used or al-
lowed m the supreme courts of such States. And
the forms and modes of proceeding in causes m
equity, and of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion, should be according to the course of the civil
law, and the rates of fee the same as then were,
or were last before then allowed by the States
respectively in thecourts exercising supreme juris-
diction in such cases.
This was, in my opinion, wise legislation, and
no person heard complaints whilst it remained a
law. It was the subsequent attempts to change
it for a more level rate of compensation, by pro-
viding in many instances a fixed rate of fees tor
some services, ajl over the Union, that opened the
door to abuses and cupidity, i am impresyed with
the idea that it would be better to return now to
the system of 1789.
The Legislatures of the several States know best
what it is proper and expedient to pay officers for
services performed in their own courts, and why
should the business of the country in the same
localities be subject to two different rules and
modes of compensation, and to the fluctuating and
sometimes conflicting dissension of two different
law-making powers5 State rights,and harmony,
and uniformity are much more likely to be pre-
served under such a system than under conflicting
systems proceeding from different sources.
I fear, as I before intimated, that this bill results
from a fallacious idea that we can produce equal-
ity, by'adding equally to subjects that are unequal
before such additions are made.
So much in regard to district attorneys, clerks,
and marshals' fees. A few words in reference to
the fees of attorneys, solicitors, proctors, counsel-
lors, and advocates, who practice in the United
States courts. In regard to this matter compar-
atively few persons out of the State of New York
have any interest. And within that State it is a
matter puiely between these professional gentle-
men and the parties litigant. I propose to apply
the same rule precisely to them, in business per-
formed in the Federal courts in that State, which is,
by the laws of thatState, applied to them m regard
to business performed by them in the supreme
court of that State. Under the laws which here-
tofore were in force in that State, their compensa-
tion would be quite as disproportioned to their
services as the compensation of clerks and mar-
shals would be under this bill; but the evil was
felt by the people as their business and commer-
cial relations and pursuits became more and more
extended, and the Legislature has applied an effect-
ual and very proper remedy. The laws of that
State, of 1848, as subsequently amended, have
abolished all fees to attorneys, solicitors, and
counsel, and given to the prevailing party, by way
of indemnity for his expenses out, a sum varying
not essentially from the amounts given by this bill
in civil cases to attorneys, solicitors, and proctors.
I propose to amend this bill so as to give these
same sums to the prevailing party, or to their so-
licitor, attorney, proctor, advocate, or counsellor,
as the case may be, in all cases at law, in equity,
or in admiralty, in the Federal courts held in New
York.
There is an obvious and sufficient reason for
this rule. It is applying the same rule and the
same compensation in like cases to the entire busi-
ness of the State, whether commercial or other-
wise—the same rule precisely. It saves profes-
sional men from great perplexity and confusion,
arising out of different and often conflicting rules
and modes of compensation. I deem it wise,
however, to make one exception to this rule. In
cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, 1
propose that when the party libeling the property,
or intervening with a claim, shall procure a judg-
ment or decree for less than $150, no mure than
one half the sum given in the supreme court of
the State to the prevailing party, by way of in-
demnity, shall be given in the Federal court to the
u solicitor, proctor, or attorney.3" I propose to
do this for this reason: While it will reduce the
compensation much below what it is by this bill,
and make it only half what it would be in the
supreme court of New York, it will, at the same
time, discourage the libeling of vessels, and, to
some extent, prevent intervention for those small,
unimportant, and insignificant sums or claims
against men who are engaged in commercial busi-
ness, and are almost invariably solvent, responsi-
ble, and respectable, and who are always ready
to pay such debts. And when the property of
such man is proceeded against, it is most gene-
rally by persons who set up larger claims than are
due them, in the hope that their unjust exactions
will be paid by the owner rather than have his
vessel and property tied up in business season by
process from the court of admiralty.
Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House further
with regaid to this bill at present. 1 have made
this explanation with a view of bringing to the
minds of gentlemen here the bearing of the propo-
sitions I have made in reference to amending this
bill, by making New York an exception to a gen-
eral rule that the bid is designed to establish.
Whilst I think that this bill, in a modified state,
or some other bill on this subject ought to pass—
nay, sir, whilst I believe that legislation is imper-
atively necessary to correct the many and great
abuses exposed by the report of the Committee
on the Judiciary, and whilst I am willing to go
almost any length with that committee, or any
other gentlemen here, to perfect this bill or make
a better in its stead, still the result of my careful
examination and experience tells me that this bill
as it is will be highly objectionable, and will very
injuriously affect the interests of my own State.
In most cases, except that of district attorneys, it
increases the fees and compensation of the otficer
rather than decieases them; and 1 believe the
House is satisfied that it ought to be made to
operate directly the other way m that State.
Now, sir, not knowing what disposition the
House may make of this matter—what snarl it
may get into in the maneuvrings of various gen-
tlemen who may undertake to engineer this bill—I
propose to offer the amendments which 1 have pre-
pared, and to accomplish the purposes I have in-
dicated, as an amendment to the last amendment
offered by the Judiciary Committee, which I take
to be in order;—is it not, sir?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubt
whether, strictly speaking, even that will be in
I order, the first amendment of the Committee being
first in order, and that is amendable.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the Chair
to say that that is amendable?
The SPEAKER. The first amendment pro-
posed by the committee to the first section of the
bill is the first to be considered by the House; but
as the gentleman has indicated his purpose to offer
it as an amendment to the last amendment pro-
posed by the committee, the Chair will consider i
whether or not it is in order. The Chair doubts, j
Mr. HAVEN. Under the circumstances, I 1
dare not yield the floor unless I can get in my
amendment; and if I cannot do it now, I shall feel
it *ny duty, under the advice of those in whose
judgment I have confidence, to move to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Still, in doing so, I deaire to say that
I am as anxious as the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, or any member of this House, that
this bill, and the whole subject with which it is
connected, should be fully considered, and wisely
disposed of by the House at an early day. I now
move to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MEADE obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my colleaguegive way
for a moment?
Mr. MEADE. I presume that on the motion
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] it will still be in order to discuss the
merits of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MEADE. If my friend desires the floor
for the purpose of explanation, for a short time,
I will yield it to him.
Mr. LETCHER, I desired, sir, to have said
something upon the merits of this bill, but I shall
not abuse the indulgence which my colleague has
extended to me, by doing so at this time. I will
therefore confine myself altogether to a defense of
the two officers m my district, who have been very
improperly arraigned before this House, and se-
verely censured, by the distinguished chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, not only in the report
some time since presented, but also in his speech
delivered on Thursday last.
In the report of the committee, and on the fourth
and fifth pages thereof, six specifications of abuses
will be found. The fifth specification is in the fol-
lowing words:
"5th. Proceedings for contempt of court, and for many
other thing-*, have been unnecessarily multiplied m some
distucts. There was m out; district, at one time, no lesa
than one hundred and twenty.two prosecutions pending for
contempt of comt, against seventeen persons, tor mm at-
tendance as witnesses*; being thirteen prosecutions against
each of persons, and lour prosecutions against each of
the other eleven persons, and the whole costs thrown on
the United States."
When this report was printed, understanding
that this specification was intended for the benefit
of the clerk and marshal of the western district of
Virginia, both of whom are constituents of mine,
I wrote to these gentlemen to ascertain what were
the facts in the case referred to, and which werfc
complained of in this specification, that I might
lay them before the House, in order that theirvm-
dication from the assault, which had been made
upon them, might have a place upon the records
of Congress.
Subsequently, when the bill came up for con-
sideration, the distinguished chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee, in the course of his elaborate
speech, referred to this specification of abuses, in
these .words:
" Allow irtc to call the attention of the House to some of
the abuse? m the "Old Dominion." An inquiry was made,
undei a resolution of this House in January last, directed
to the Bccictaty of the Interior, ' What is the practice of
issuing attachment* tor non-attendance of witnesses?' In
the western tU«trut of Virginia you will find this state of
thing-. disclosed m the report ot the First Comptroller:
Proceeding* tor contempt of court have been unneccssm iiy
multiplied, which is one of the causes of the increase of
judicial expense. There weie in the district, in the year
1849. atone tune, no less thun ono hundred and twenty-two
prosecutions tor contempt ot court against seventeen per-
sons, for non-attendance as witnesses, being thiitcen pros-
ecutions against each of six persons, and (our piosicutions
agains-t each of the others. The whole co*t was thrown
upon the Treasury of the United States. In the year iS.30,
the witnesses m Virginia seem to have been contumacious
a am,and joufind eighty-throe pioceedmgs against torn teen
witnesses hi one ca-e, m which the clerk's lees amounted
to over $197, all of which was charged to the United States,
besides the marshal's fees tor serving process in each of
these proceedings. 1 admit that it is sometime*! neces&aiy
to i>sue attachments u«auist witnesses lor contempt to the
piocens of the court*, but it cannot fail to stuke any one as*
a most singular feature of the administration of the law-, in
this district, that the Government is so frequently called
upon to pay the costs of these pioccedings on ijUachments
for contempt."
Now, sir, the facts of this case, so loudly com-
plained of, are these;and they were known at the
Comptroller's office when the information was
furnished to the Judiciary Committee which forms
the ground-work of this attack upon two of my
constituents, both of whom are most estimable
gentlemen: John D. Fentou was indicted in the
western district of Virginia, for robbing the mail
upon thirteen different occasions, and different
witnesses were relied upon to establish his guilt
in each instance. The offenses being thirteen in
number, and commuted at different times, as a
matter of course thirteen indictments were found
against him at the succeeding term of the court,
upon the testimony of these witnesses. The
