1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in his sleeve at the habits of the people of the old
States, and at their sleepy condition. We are
divided in the old States; and why? There are
two interests—the tariff and anti-tariff—and the
question is, whether we will hold on to the public
lands to derive a revenue from them or not.
Some say, let the lands go, and then we will have
a tariff: and our Democratic friends in the West-
ern States, who are so anti-tariff, are favoring the
tariff party. Why? Because they get the benefit
of the public lands, and consider them of more
benefit than the injury they will receive from a
tariff. Interest is at the bottom, and controls
every one of them 
A Senator. More or less.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, more or less. Why do
I oppose this bill ? Not that I expect the bill will
be defeated. Ail I ask is this: 1 want Congress
to be brought up to the point; because I intend to
move, at a particular day, for a division of the
public lands among the States—that the lands them-
selves may be divided, and not the proceeds of the
lands. And why will 1 do this? That the public
lands may be fairly settled, and the proceeds be
divided among whom ? Among those who are en-
titled to them, the people of these States, and not
the people of any particular portion of them, and
tinder a general division. And in making that
division, I will be liberal to the younger members
of this Confederacy, as we have always been, by
giving them all reasonable advantages; and at the
same time say to them, we do not desire them,
because we are thus libeifil, to strip us of every
right, and then remind us, when the Indian treaties
come up, and we are paying annuities year after
year to the Indians, that we pay them to get more
land to make railroads, while the lands are paid
for out of the taxes imposed upon the whole peo-
ple. Sir, if the people understood this subject,
they would not submit to it, because you tax them
annually, and throw the money into the Tieasury
to buy lands from the Indians, to give to particular
States to make railroads, thereby making the
people of the whole country pay for these rail-
roads, and not the people who own them. I regret
that I have detained the Senate so long. I have
made these remarks, not with the expectation of
defeating the passage of this bill, but that the ob-
ject of it might be made known to the country,
and that the people may understand what we are
doing.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will say but one word
on this subject. The Senator from Georgia admits
that this grant is right and should be made, but
that Georgia must have her share of the public
lands. That is the sum and substance of his ar-
gument. Let him bring forward his bill for that
purpose, and then we will discuss it.
Mr. DAWSON. That is not the question.
We are for the promotion of the interests of the
whole country. I see that by the arrangements
you have made, you have determined on this
course; but it is in violation of the rights of the old
States of this Union. You have the power to pass
this bill, but if it is done I consider it as done by
force; and I say if you do this in the use of the
, power you have, exercise that power with be-
coming justice and propriety towards the other
States.
Mr. HUNTER. I have very little to say on
this subject, for I feel assured, as the Senator from
Georgia has expressed himself, that this bill is
destined to pass. And yet, sir, I am so strongly
impressed with the necessity of adopting some
system in relation to the disposition of these pub-
lic lands, that I feel bound to say a word or two
in relation to the bill before it passes.
1 have listened to the arguments of gentlemen
who have spoken ill favor of this bill, not only
yesterday, but on prior occasions, and they have
failed to convince me that we are doing equal justice
to all the States of the Confederacy when we make
such a disposition of the public lands as is here
proposed.
My friend from Missouri endeavored yesterday
to prove that we were giving nothing away when
we were disposing of from fifteen to eighteen hun-
dred thousand acres of land to the State of Iowa;
and I was really afraid that before he was done he
would endeavor to prove that we had brought our-
selves into debt, and would ask that we should
relinquish the remaining alternate sections l'or the
purpose of paying for the transportation of those
troops and stores for the provision of which in this
bill he complains so much. And yet, if he will
look to what has been given, and to what is asked
to b'e given, of the public lands for internal im-
provements in the shape of railroads and canals,
he will find that we have given and are continuing
to give a very great deal. I will not refer to what
has been given heretofore for the construction of
canals, because I do not propose to enter into the
matter in detail; but I will just look to see what
it is that the gentleman calls nothing, by referring
to what has been done in relation to railroads, and
what is proposed now to be done. Last session
of Congress we passed an act similar to this for
the construction of a railroad in Illinois, and we
were told that we had granted more land for the
building of that road than is now asked for by
this bill. We have this act which will require
from fifteen to eighteen hundred thousand acres to
satisfy its provisions, and we have another grant-
ing the right of way to the State of Missouri and
a portion of the public lands in aid of the construc-
tion of a railway from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in
said State. These are all bills which are destined
to pass if this bill should pass in the Senate. We
have, also, a bill granting the right of way to the
Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf Central Railroad Com-
pany through the public lands of the United Stales,
and appropriating lands to the State of Florida m
aid of the construction of the said railroad and
branches.
Then, again, we have a bill to grant to the State
of Missouri a right of way and a portion of the
public land for the purpose of aiding in making a
railroad from St. Louis to the "western limits of
the said State.
And a bill granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the waters of Pensacola Bay, in Florida, to Mont-
gomery, in the State of Alabama.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Wisconsin
the right of way and a donation of the public land
for the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from Milwaukie to Prairie la Crosse, ill
Wisconsin.
And another bill granting to the State of Wis-
consin the right of way and a donation of public
land for the purpose of locating and constructing
a railroad from Fond du Lac to Janesville.
Then we have another bill granting to the State
of Alabama the right of way and a donation of
public land for making a railroad from Sulma to
Tennessee river.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Mississippi
the right of way and a donation of public land, for
the purpose of locating a railroad from Brandon
to the eastern border of said State, in the direction
of Montgomery, Alabama.
Then we have a bill granting to the State of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub-
lic land, for the purpose of constructing a canal or
railroad across the peninsula of Michigan.
Then we have another bill granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the State of
Arkansas, in aid of the construction of certain
railroads in said State.
And yet another bill, sir, granting to the State
of Arkansas the right of way and making a dona-
tion of land, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Helena to Fort Smith; and there is still
a third bill granting to the State of Arkansas the
right of way and a portion of the public land to
aid m the construction of the Arkansas Central
Railroad, from a point on the western bank of the
Mississippi river opposite the town of Memphis,
by way of Little Rock, to a point on Red river,
on the border of Texas.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator is surely mis-
taken. There is only one bill reported.
Mr. HUNTER. There is only one bill re-
ported, but there are others under consideration.
Mr. BORLAND. No, they are not under con-
sideration, for I believe that they have been re-
ported upon adversely.
Mr. HUNTER. And besides all these bills
which I have named, there is still another, propos-
ing to grant lands and the right of way to the
States of Indiana and Illinois, in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from a point on the Ohio
river opposite to Louisville, in Kentucky, to a
point on the Mississippi river opposite to St.
Louis, in Missouri. These are all bills which
have been introduced during the present session;
and yet, sir, when wo shall have passed all these
bills, we shall still hear itsajd, that, we have: granted
nothing. And what is to come into the puhjip
Treasury from the public lands when all these
bills shall have passed ? Sir, every dollar .which
would be available from these lands Will ja this
way be granted on a partial system in ihe.dls.ti;!'-
bution of the public lands. 1 say "partial," bet
cause very large amounts of land are distributed
to those States in which tliey lie, wliile nothing is
given to the old States.
But, sir, the Senator from Connecticut {Mr,
Smith] used another argument in favor of the Wit.
He said that everybody \tfas aware that the coft-
struction of such improvements added to the
wealth and developed the resources of a commu-
nity and increased their capacity to pay taxes.
Certainly that is the case. But what is the result
of the argument? The same argument would
apply to the construction of railroads in Virginia,
and in Massachusetts, and in Connecticut. Sir,
if %ve are to use this argument we might as well
go broadcast into the general system of internal
improvements. I will admit, however, that there
is to a certain extent a principle on which a dis-
crimination may be made between railroads pass-
ing through the public lands in relation to which
the United States is interested as a land-owner
and railroads of another description; but these
projects have long since departed from that princi-
ple, for they are not confined to the location of
lands upon the lilies of these railroads, but are
allowed to go into the State and select them else-
where to the distance of fifteen miles. No longer
ago than yesterday we passed a bill in relation to
the grant formerly made to the State of Illinois,
and allowing that State to locate a certain portion
of such grant anywhere within the State. And,
sir, this will be the end of it. We shall have ap-
plications for permission to locate lands in any
portion of the States where these lands lie, for the
purpose of making railroads. Some gentlemen,
too, have complained that we are allowed to charge
double price for the alternate sections which remain
to the Government. But, sir, how long is that to
last? Suppose that these lands should prove un-
saleable at that price, how soon will we,have
applications here to reduce the price? And it will
be done, sir; and, if necessary, other sections will
be granted m order to continue these improve-
ments.
But, sir, 1 have admitted that there is a princi-
ple upon which some discrimination may be made.
How are we to test that principle, and how are
we to apply it properly? Why, we are to_ sup-
pose the United States Government to be as in the
situation of any other land owner. What would
any other land owner do when such a proposition
as this was made to him ? Would he give away
the alternate sections and have no stock in return
for it ? If he acted on the principle of ownership,
would he not be entitled to as much stock in th^
company as this land is worth? Is it not, to the
extent to which this subscription goes into the
value of the railroad", a pure donation to the
new States? Is the slock which represents the
value there any principle by which they are enti-
tled to it, any more than the old States ? All
that the owner would be called to do, would be to
subscribe his share, and when you depart from
that principle you make an absolute donation to
the new Slates, and you ca'nnot deny that the
same principle would require you to make a sim-
ilar donation to the old States. If gentlemen mean
to confine themselves to that principle they should
confine the grants to lands lying along the line of
the railroad, and give Government whatever stock
they are entitled to on account of the donation.
Then it would come within that principle. But
at present these bills do not come within that prin-
ciple. Now, Mr. President, our Democratic
friends in the new States are pressing us rather
hardly in the old States. We have resisted the
system of the distribution of the public lands; we
desire to do so still; we wish to stand upon the
old Democratic Republican ground ill relation to
this matter. And yet how long can it be done if
our opponents are enabled to point to such appro-
priations and say here they are distributed par-
tially, that some Sta'es get what they want and
otheis get none. How long can we in the old
States resist such appeals as these unless some-
thing like justice and equity is resorted to? I ani
willing to consider the public lands as a, pubhe
! trust, a public fund to be administered for tlx®
