mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
* benefit of all, not merely with reference to revenue,
but also with reference to the settlement and im-
provement of the country. I am willing to try a
fair system of preemption andgradation,and that,
perhaps, after they have been exposed for sale
for some time, it may be best to cede them to the
States in which they lie to promote the settlement
of the country. I am willing to distribute them
with reference to both objefcts, a revenue and the
settlement of the country.. But when we consider
it with reference to revenue, I want it adminis-
tered equally and fairly,. But the best way, in
my opinion, is not to give it up to the States, but
to hold it in a condition that it may be applied to
the fund for defraying the public expenditures.
Then it will be administered fairly to all; then we
shall have discharged our obligations' to the new
States as well as the old. I acknowledge that the
United States should not keep the lands locked up
forever, looking entirely to the policy of deriving
a revenue from them. I acknowledge we are
bound to look to the settlement and improvement
of the country. I am willing to deal liberally,
but I am not willing to have a system of partial
distribution. - If anybody is to get the benefit of
these lands, I would be rejoiced to see my friend
from Iowa carry his bill. It is from no opposi-
tion to him or to his State, but from a desire to
see some fair, equal, and just system adopted in
relation to this matter, that I oppose the bill.
And there is another thing to be looked to.
While we are squandering away the public lands,
we are adopting almost every project, no matter
how wild and visionary, in order that the public
lands may be dispensed with as a source of rev-
enue. Sir, the time has been, when, so far as our
financial system was concerned, our public lands
were the basis on which reposed our public credit.
That time may come again at some future day;
and the time will come, if we embark in a general
system of internal improvements, when we shall
have to look to this source to maintain our system
of public credit. I believe, therefore, that it be-
hooves us at some early day to look seriously
into this question, and to adopt some uniform
system, which will take these public lands with-
out the range of those loose systems of experi-
ments, which every one seems to think we may
indulge in in relation to them. It has been said
that we had better do this than some other things
which have been done with the public lands. Far
better 1 admit; but yet when we have the power
to choose what is right, let us not stand here
choosing between evils, but rather let us come
together and mature a system. If we do not, it
will work to the other result, and we shall soon
see the majority of this country clamoring for the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
among the States, and it will be a clamor that can-
not be resisted. Now you have heard the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] saying that, though
he opposes tiny such system, that will be the only
way which will enable his State to obtain her just
share. I hope that some of our Western friends
who are familiar with the subject will consider the
matter, and mature some system in which we may !
all unite.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The State of Illinois has
been referred to in the course of this debate, and
therefore 1 feel bound to say a word or two in ex-
planation. The allusion to the bill passed yester-
day for the State of Illinois, authorizing a selection
of lands away from the line of the cnnal to which
it applied, is not at all applicable to the bill under'
consideration. The reason why these lands were
to be selected elsewhere than on the line of the
canal, was that Congress had granted them nearly ■
twenty years ago to the State of Illinois for I
making a canal, and the United States afterwards '
sold a part of the lands*thus granted, received the !
money, and put it in the Treasury. And now !
you only give us refuse lands elsewhere, less valu-
able than those originally granted, and that, after 1
we had made the work in compliance with your
own act of Congress. j
With regard to the bill granting lands to the :
State of Illinois at the last session, I have also a '
word to say. That bill involved the same princi- j
pie as the one now under consideration. Hence it i
was perfectly fair to refer to that bill in illustration i
of this. But I deny that what has been said in re- i
gard to donations, special favors, and partial dis- i
tribution of the lands to the new States, has the t
slightest foundation in the bill before us, or the '
act of the last session, granting lands to Illinois.
Sir, it is not a question of the distribution of the
public lands among the States; it is not a question
of donation. If it were either, 1 should be op-
posed-to it. ' I am opposed to the distribution of
the public lands, either by a partial system or a
general system. I am opposed to aiding a State
by giving lands as a donation. The friends of
this bill do not rest it upon any such grounds.
We ask the opponents of the bill to meet us in
argument upon the grounds which we assume, to
answer our arguments in favor of it, and not to
answer imaginary objections of their own. The
ground upon which we place it is this: The Gov-
ernment of the United States is a great land owner;
she has vast bodies of land which she has had m
market for thirty or forty years; and experience
proves that she cannot sell them. Shall she keep
them thirty or forty years longer, and then not be
able to sell them? What advantage will they be
to the Government while they are thus held ? The
difficulty in the way of the sale does not arise from
the fact that the lands are not fertile and suscepti-
ble of cultivation, but that they are distant from
market, and m many cases destitute of Umber.
No matter how fertile and productive they may
be, still they are valueless, unless the produce will
bear the expense of the transportation to market.
It is on account of the distance from market and
absence of timber you cannot sell the lands, and
cannot have them brought under cultivation.
The question, then, is, " What are you to do to
remedy the evil and enable you to sell your lands
and get the money for them into the Treasury,
and also to bring the country into a state of culti-
vation?" Let me ask each Senator what he would
do if the case were his own ? What would you do
if you were the land-owners yourselves ? Suppose
you owned three hundred miles square of land
which you could not sell, and'that you found, as
is often the case, that the more lancl you owned,
the poorer you were in consequence of the pay-
ment of taxes on these lands; and suppose that I
would say to you, " Give me alternate sections of
six miles through those lands, on condition that I
will make a railroad through them, and enable you
to sell the remaining lands for double the price
which experience had proven you could not get for
the whole;" would you notgladly adopt the propo-
sition, as being a good arrangement for your per-
sonal interest? Would not the half of the lands thus
remaining to you be worth more after the road
was made than the whole would be before it was
constructed? That is the simple question; and
viewing it as such, I am satisfied that there is not
a single Senator on this floor who would notgladly
make the arrangement if he were the individual
land-owner. And if this would be a good arrange-
ment for any Senator here, why would it not be a
good policy for the country, and for the Govern-
ment of the United States, to adopt as land-owners?
Mr. President, we insist that these grants m aid
of the constiuction of railroads, enhance the value
of the land fund. Instead of diminishing the rev-
enue that will be derivable from public lands, we
contend thatit will increase it; instead of diminish-
ingyour fund by this course, we increase its value;
instead of depriving you of anything which is really
valuable to you, we show you a way whereby you
can make that valuable, which under your present
policy is entirely valueless. This is the ground
on which we defend this policy; and if it is not
defendable on this ground, there can be no justifi-
cation of the grant.
Now take this particular case. Here is a prop-
osition to make a railroad through the centre of
the State of Iowa. If you make this grant you
will double the value and double the price of the
alternate sections; and you will thus obtain for
one half all that you pretend to ask for the whole.
Now, I submit to the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
IlrjfTERj whether, with a road running through
them, the lands are not better worth two dollars
and a half per acre than they are now worth a
dollar and a quarter without such road? But he
will, perhaps, reply, that experience will show in
the course of time that they will not be worth two
dollars and a half, and that then applications will
be made to reduce the price. But if they are not
likely to be worth two dollars and a half per acre
with'the road, will they ever be likely to yield the
Government a dollar and a quarter per acre with-
out it? If, then, the road doubles the price of your
adjacent lands you lose nothing; and I doubt
whether there is "a man within the sound of my
voice who does not believe that the construction of
this road-through these lands would more than
double their value, and enable you to sell them
quicker at that price than the price you now ask
for them without the road.
But, sir, with regard to this bill, and others of a
like nature, the argument is stronger'than in the
case of the Illinois bill. It is this: The road will
not only run through your public lands and in-
crease their value along the line, but in this case it
will run from the Mississippi river to the Indian
territory, and thereby open a market for all the
lands which you have west of the Missouri river
to the Rocky Mountains. And I insist that the
construction of a railroad through the State of
Iowa to the Missouri, would enhance the value of
your lands west of that river more than ten times
the value of the lands granted in aid of the road.
The same would be the result in regard to the east
and west lines through the State of Missouri, and
also in regard to the Arkansas road, and I pre-
sume generally in regard to the other bills which
have been referred to by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. These bills, however, are not now under
consideration. It will be time enough to judge of
them when they come up for action. Besides, sir,
more than one half of your transportations on ac-
count of your army and the Indians, is aiming to
go to that Indian territory west of Iowa, Missou-
ri, and Arkansas. These roads run through the
very section of country over which your supplies
and munitions must belransported. The Gov-
ernment, therefore, has a peculiar interest in the
construction of these roads.
BiTt the Senator from Virginia has told us that
the question would stand in a different position in
his view, if we were to be confined to the lands
which lie on the line of the road. Why, sir, this
is the very proposition of the bill. The grant is
confined to the line of the road. It asks for alter-
nate sections of the width of six miles on either
side, with a stipulation that you shall not go be-
yond fifteen miles, in the event that any of the land
has been sold in the sections to which you would
he entitled by the hill. 1 ask, then, if the con-
struction of a railroad in a country distant from
market does not enhance the value of all land
within fifteen, or even thirty miles ? Are not the
beneficial influences felt to the extent of even fifty
miles? If, then, we select the land no further than
the benefits extend on each side of the road,-the
principle applies with its full force. We might
extend this limit from fifteen to fifty miles, and
then find ourselves clearly within the circle of the
beneficial influences resulting from the road, in en-
hancing the value of the remaining lands. But we
wished not to go into extreme cases; we wished to
confine ourselves to the principle, that the United
States is in fact receiving more benefit from the
granting of the lands than they are likely to lose
by the grant, and that the public domain, as a
common fund, will thus be enhanced rather than
diminished in value by reason of the grant.
In reference to the remark of my friend from
Virginia in regard to the great number of bills pro-
posing similar grants, I have only to make the
same answer which Mr. Calhoun once made on
this floor to the same objection. He then said,
that the principle being right, and it being the true
policy of the Government to make grants in aid of
the construction of railroads through the public
lands, the longer the road the greater the benefit to
the Government; and hence, the objection was an
argument in favor of the grant.
Now, sir, if the principle is right, if the line of
the road conforms to the watats and interests of the
Government and the country—if the Government
! is to derive more advantage than injury by aiding
in Us construction—the fact that the State is also
to be greatly benefited, is no argument against the
passage of the bill. But, as I have already re-
i marked, we will judge of the bills for other States
when those bills come up for consideration. So
far as I have examined them, I think the Commit-
tee on Public Lands have exercised a wise discre-
tion in preparing and reporting them. I have not
examined them all, but ho far as I have been able
to investigate the subject, they have exercised a
sound discretion, both with regard to the lines
themselves, and the benefit to be derived by the
Government of the United States.
But the whole difficulty in the way of these
bills is this: While we have not the slightest
