1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. President, can any other company come
here tinder similar circumstances with those con-
nected with the Collins line, and present similar
claims? I believe not. The gentlemen constitu-
ting this company have invested in their noble-
steamers the amount of very nearly $3,000,000.
These .ships have been regularly run at a continual
heavy loss, in the fulfillment of the company's
contract with the Government; and. without some
additional compensation for their services to the
Government, their operations must cease, and the
immense capital invested be very'much impaired,
if not lost. I believe it a case without a parallel
in this countryrand whenever another like it may
come up here, it will be time enough to meet it.
These facts would be sufficient'to justify me m
m.y own mind in voting for the relief asked for in
this case; but 1 have others, if possible, more po-
tent still. 1 refer, sir, to the contract between the
Government and this company.
The Government required vessels of great
strength and' burden, capable of being converted
into ships-of-war when required. The mail and
passenger service required speed. Hence the com-
pany had to secure both objects. The ships are
much heavier' than would have been required for
the mail and passenger service. Therefore they
cost more than they would otherwise have done,
required much heavier and more powerful engines,
and are propelled and navigated at a much heavier
expense. All these items combined make up the
sum total of the extra expense for which the ap-
peal is now made to the justice as well as magna-
nimity of Congress. The proprietors of the line
say, and I have no doubt truly, that, in building
'their vessels so much stronger and heavier than
they would otherwise have done in carrying out
their contract with the Government, and thereby
incurring a greatly-increased expense in construct-
ing, equipping, and sailing, they acted in conform-
ity with the wishes and instruction of the Navy
Department. All this has been done by them m
good faith; and after this, for them, in the face of
a rutnous competition by a foreign line, sustained
bv & foreign Government, to be compelled to run
their ships at a tremendous sacrifice to themselves,
in the Government service, is, in my view, a fla-
grant violation of the principles of justice and
equity.
' , Mr. President, during the discussion of this
amendment, the amount paid per annum, or per
trip, by the British Government to the Cuntird
line, hasiieen stated and spoken of by way of com-
parison with the amount paid by our own Gov-
ernment to the Collins line. I have also made the
statement, the truth of which will appear self-evi-
dent, that the cost of construction, equipment, and
navigating the steamers of the Collins line, had
been greatly enhanced by reason of their excess of
strength and tonnage, over what would have been
required for ordinary mail and passenger service
alone. And the additional strength and tonnasre
were given to these vessels to fit them for war
vessels. And, sir, I am now prepared to show,
from the statement 1 hold in my hand, the amount
paid to the Collins line will not be, all things con-
sidered, including what is contemplated in the
amendment before the Senate, quite equal to the
amount paid to the Cunard line.
The Cunard line has seven ships, the aggregate
tonnage of which is 12,252 tons. These ships
cross "the Atlantic eighty-five times per year, or,
rather, what is equivalent to eighty-five trips for
one ship. This makes the total tonnage worked
across the Atlantic, in the eighty-five trips, 148,750
tons. For this service they receive from the Brit-
ish Government, in round numbers, $856,820—
making |5 75 per ton. The Collins line has four
ships, of an aggregate of 13,702 tons, which cross
the Atlantic fifty-two times per annum, or perform |
a service equal tp fifty-two trips for one vessel, '
working an.aggregate of 178,126 tons, acioss the
Atlantic. The amount to he paid by this amend-
ment, and what is now paid, is $858,000, or §4 82
per ton, and a fraction less than twenty per cent,
below what is paid by the British Government to
the Cunard line.
I have also a statement to which I desire to ad-
vert. In the London Times, of the 10th of March,
occurs the following statement, which, though i
part only of it relates directly to the subject under !
consideration, we give entire, for the benefit of1
such of our commercial readers as may feel an
interest in looking over a complete table of the
ocean-mail service of Great Britain for the ensuing
year:
" The following table, partly compiled from a parliament-
ary paper, will show the estimate for the post office packet
service for the coming year, as compared with that for the
twelve months which will teimmate on the 5th of April.
The increase ill the contracts last year was £98,135, and
now we have a further augmentation of £64,862, caused
chiefly by an enlarged allowance to the Cunard line for
additional service, the extension of the West India con-
tract to Brazil, and the establishment of new lines to Af-
rica and Australia. On ttie other hand, there is a diminu-
tion of £4,200 in the expense of dueen's vessels em-
ployed; and the increase upon the aggregate total is
the'reiore reduced to £60,66-2:
To and from—
Company.
Uity of Dublin..
Liverpool and Isle of
Man  
Holyhead & Kingston..
Abeideen & Berwick..
Southampton & Chan-.
nel Islands S. W. Railway.
England and Hamburg,
and England and Itot-I
terdam General Steam.
Southampton, Vigo,
Oporto, Lisbon, Ca- Peninsular an
diz, and Gibraltar.,.. Onental 
Liverpool and Halilax,
and Boston and Liv-
erpool & NewY ork. .Cunard 
Halifax, Bermuda, and
St- Thomas's, and
Halifax and St.
John's, Newfound-
land Cunard 
Southampton and West
Indies  Royal Mail...,
Southampton, Brazil, [
ami Buenos Ayrea.. .jRoyal Mail...
Oallao and Valparaiso.jPacifie 
Plymouth und Cape ofj
Good Hope  jGcneralScrew..
England and Westi
Coast ol'Africa .Laird 
England and Australia.,Au>tialum '
England and Alexan-il'emnsular andl
(]na I Onental  !
Alexandna and Hoy-
1852-'3
1851-:2
£850
25,0:i0
900
£850
25,000
900
4,000
4,000
17,000
17,000
20,500
20,500
171,364
145,000
root  
Su<z and Calcutta,
£ LljjOUO ; 1«'mi 7-lti,
payable by 12ast In-
dia Company, £50,-
Ilall, Brothers....
Peninsular
Oriental,
Ceylon and Hong Kong
£45,000 ; less a1-
above £19,688 
Bombay, (proportion
paid to Ka t India
Company) 
Allowances of Govern
mcnt agents on boaid
the contract packets
Expense of Queen's
vessels employed in
the packet service..
14,700
14,600
240,000
240,000
30,000
25,000
30',006
25,000
30,730
30,730
11,500
2b, 000
_
22,500
23,000
1,56'
1,600
and
Peninsular
Oriental.
and
East India
727,425
702,287
82.071
809,496
870,158
25,312
50,000
10,683
64,688
25,312
50,000
9,285
Total expend..
The Cunard line receives, it will be seen
for 185^ * • ^171,364
While it received for 1851 ««• • 145,000
Making an increase of.  .£26,364
Equal to  $131,820
The amount now received by the Cunard line
is $856,820—being within less than $2,000 of what
is asked for by Mr. Collins.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Virginia has said that these steamers were not fit for
war steamers, as he had been informed by naval
gentlemen whose judgment was to be relied on.
Well, sir, suppose this statement to be correct, it \
would weigh nothing in the argument. On the '
other hand, should these steamers prove the best
war vessels in the world, their owners could not
claim the credit of it. If they are totally unfit to
be incorporated into the Navy, it is no fault of
theirs. They were built under the direction of
persons appointed by the proper authorities to act
for the Government. The company furnished the
means, and the instructions from the Navy De-
partment were carried out. If, then, the ships
were to prove utterly worthless for war purposes,
why, then, should we blame their owners, and
compel them to suffer the loss ?
No. 1.
New York, January 19, 1848.
Sir : Having altered the dimensions of the mail steamers
to be built by myself and my associates as per contract,
dated 1st November last, under a law of Congress passed
3d March last, entitled " An act providing for the building
and equipment offoui naval steamers," I begleaveto wait
on you with a specification for building the same, which, I
trust, will meet your approval; and it so, you will please
substitute it for schedule " A," now attached to the contract.
Yours, very respectfully, E. K. COLLINS.
To the lion. J. Y. Mason,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington.
No. 2.
Navy Department, ?
Washington, January 26, 1848. $
Sir : I have received a letter dated at New Yoik on the
19th instant, without signatuie, inclosing a "specifica-
tion" for the building of the New Yoik and Liverpool mail
steameis for E. K. Collins arid his associates. This paper
being signed by yourself, it is presumed the communication
was made by you. The subject has been referred to the
Bureau of Construction for opinion, and, upon the recom-
mendation of Commodore Skinner, the dimensions and
specifications for building the mail steamers under the act
of 3d Maich last, above referred to, are approved by the
Department.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
' P ' J.Y.MASON.
No. 3^
New York, February 10, 1848.
Sir : Your letter of the 26th ult. was duly received. The .
undersigned letter, therein referred to, I hand you heiewith,
signed. My specifications for building the steamers, as
mentioned in yours of the 26rh, having been accepted, I
am processing m then building with as much speed as
prudence dictate*, watching stuctly the inteiest of the
Government and the owners, which intercuts 1 think insep-
arable.
I will thank you at an early day to appoint a naval con-
stiuctor to snpenntend their con UucUun in coniormity to
the law. Yours, veiy respectfully,
E. K. COLLINS.
To Hon. John Y.Mason,
, Secretaiy of the Navy, Washington.
No. 4.
• Navy Department, February 14, 1848.
Sir: Your lettei of the 10th instant, with the inclosuie,
has been-received, and Captain William Skiddy, of New
York,'has been appointed naval constructor tor the pur-
pose of supeunteiidmg the construction of the steamers to
be built under tlie act of Congiess of March 3, 1847.
1 am, respectfully, youi obedient servant,
J.Y.MASON.
ToE. K. Collins, Esq., New York.
The contract referred to in the fust of these let-
ters contains the following:
" That whereas the said Collins and his associates sub-
mitted to the Postmaster Genetal, on the sixth of March,
Anno Domini eighteen hundred and forty-six, proposals to
carry the United States mail between New York and Liv-
erpool twice each month during eight months of the year,
and once a month during the other four months, for the sum
of three hundred and eighty-five thoiu-and dollars per an-
num, payable quurter-yeaily, and tor this puipose pio-
po%ed to build five steam-ships of not less than two thou-
sand tons measurement, and of one thousand horse-power
each, to be built for groat speed, and sufficiently strong for
war purposes."
Schedule A states the " intended size of said
steam-ships about three thousand tons."
In this connection, I will introduce the follow-
ing abstract of letters written by Commodore Perry
and Gaptain William Skiddy, in reference to the
Collins line of steam-ships, to the Secretaries of
the Navy.
Commodore Perry, in his letter dated February
18th, 1852, addressed to the Hon. William A.
Graham, Secretary of the Navy, says:
"That the following-named Atlantic steam-ship* may be
converted, by blight airerauons, into war-steamers of the
first cla^ : of Collms's line, the Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic,
and Baltic.
" According to my calculations, the cost of the conversion
of either of the before-mentioned ve?«sel>, exclusive of arm-
ainctit*, repair of machinery, &.c.. would not, or certainly
ought not, to cost, for each steamer, over .$20,000, arid it
could readily be done foi this at any of our navy-yards.
With respect to the description and weight of their respect-
ive armaments, I am cleaily of the opinion that the first-
class steamers, already named, could easily carry four 10-
mch Paixhan gun^, on pivots—two foi ward and two aft—of
the weight of those in the Mississippi, and ten 8-inch Paix-
han guns on the fides, and this armament would not incom-
mode the vessels, and the wei«ht less than the ice, which is
usually foity tons, and stowed away in one mass."
Commodore Perry continues, and says:
u That in the general operations of a maritime war, they
would render good service, and especially would they be
useful, from their great speed, as dispatch vessels, and for
the transportation of ttoops, always capable ot attack and
defence, and ot oveihauhng or escaping fiom an enemy.
'•The Atlantic, Pacific,Baltic,and Arctic,have all bpen
built, inspected, and received by tlie Navy Department."
Commodore Perry adds, to this letter a note, and
says:
" That an ocean steamer of three thousand tons is of the
I maximum dimensions toi safety and efficiency, whether for
wai or commercial purposes  
And this is the precise measurement of the Col-
lins steam-ships.
In another note he says:
