1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
and their officers. But while the gentleman made
very loud complaints of this sweepingattack, made
by the Judiciary Committee, I witnessed not a sin-
gle effort on his part to contradict or to controvert
a single position assumed in that report. If hemade
such an attempt, it did not arrest my attention.
There are some five or six charges made by the
committee in relation to the abuses in some in-
stances, and the usages of the courts in others, and
yet not a member of the House, who has spoken
upon this subject, has, in the slightest degree, at-
tacked the positions assumed by the committee.
Mr. BOWIE. I addressed my remarks to cer-
tain features of the bill, quoting them, and having
them read to the House. The report accompany-
ing the bill it has not been my good fortune to read.
I consider the bill the material part of the report
of the committee, and as embodying their views.
Mr. MEADE. Well, Mr. Speaker, the bill
attempts to effect that which the whole Judiciary
- Committee was in favor of—that is, to make the
practice of the couils and the fees of their officers
uniform, as far as it was practicable; and the ob-
jection which was urged to this bill by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Seymour] is, in my
opinion, its very best recommendation. I think
that if this bill will, in future, have the effect of
making more uniform, though to a limited extent,
the -practice of the various States, we shall, in
that respect, have achieved an object worthy of
the consideration of this House.
One of the greatest objections which can be
urged against the present judiciary system of the
United States grows out of the fact that there is
such a variety in the practice and in the mode of
charging fees in the seveial States. Now, sir,
this bill does at least prescribe a uniform rule of
charging. While the laws of the States and the prac-
tice under them are in some instances still made the
rule, uniformity is only attempted where it is be-
lieved to be practicable. This bill does not in gen-
eral reduce the fees of officers for actual services, but
rather increases them, notwithstanding which, I
believe its passage will have the effect to reduce
the whole amount of the expenses of the judiciary
from §550,000 to about $30U,000; it will not be
accomplished by paying any officer of the court
less for services really performed, but by prevent-
ing the payment for constructive services, or for
such as need not be performed. The instances
brought to the attention of this committee by the
intelligent and learned chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. McLanaiian,] and those incor-
porated in the report from that committee, show
to this House that these officers have in many in-
stances taxed their ingenuity, not for the purpose
of charging larger fees than the law allows, but
for the purpose of devising multitudes of little mo-
tions and orders, altogelherunnecessary, and con-
ducing only to swell the compensation of officers,
at the expense of suitors and the Government. In
the prosecution of a single oflense, (an attempt to
destroy the vessel Franklin,)—in that one prose-
cution—for though there were two or three parties
concerned, and six indictments found, I may call
it a piosecution for a single crime—although it
lasted for less than two months—only forty-three
days, I believe—bills were charged to the amount
of six thousand and odd dollars, for the services
of a single officer, thus securing to himself in this
short time almost an independent fortune. Ill view
of these facts this House cannot fail to see the ne-
cessity for legislating speedily upon this subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how is it possible for this
House to take up and consider this matter, in all
of its minute details? How is it possible for those
who have-never looked into a tee book, and know
little of legal proceedings, as is the case with a^ma-
jority of the members of this House, how is it
possible, I say, for them to determine the practi-
cability, or the wisdom of the provisions of this
bill? They mustnecessarily rely upon theopinions
of those whose experience teaches them what is
needed. They must necessarily trust it to a few,
whose occupation in life makes them qualified
judges of the whole subject, and who by them-
selves in committee, shall discuss every clause, and
weigh the import of every word in it, taking care
to anticipate and provide for every conceivable
state of things. This cannot be done in a popular
assembly, or a noisy House, like this.
A bill involving so many minute details must be
thoroughly examined, and understood; its provis-
ions should not be the sport of chance or caprice.
The report of the committee brings to light [
cases in which fees of §40 had been charged by |
a new district attorney, after the prisoner had been j
convicted, and nothing remained hutto pronounce i
judgment. It would be a very difficult tlung for !
a lawyer, who had never been a district attorney, I
to devise a fee bill of §40 against the Government, j
after trial and conviction; but such a bill has been
produced, and I presume paid. I will state "some
of the items: Two retaining fees, $8 each; two
motions for sentence, $3 each; motion to suspend
sentence, $3; motion to extend recognizance, $3;
motion to discharge debt on pardon, §3; motion to
discharge recognizance, ^,3, &c. Such practices
call loudly for legislative interposition—a remedy
should be applied at once. You can do it only by
detailing on that service the legal experience of the
House.  
These abuses existed not in 1800, when the ex-
penses of the judiciary were but $42,000, nor in
1820, whin tliey were but $100,000. They are to
be credited to the progressiveness of the present
age, embracing a period of twenty years, from
1831, when the expenses were only §200,000, to
1851, when they had swelled up to $565,000.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Has the
morning hour not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
U nion.
Mr. DANIEL. I rise for the purpose of sub-
mitting a motion which I have very often made
here without any success. Yesterday, upon the
representations of my friend, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,]
—that being objection day—1 declined to submit
the motion to go to the consideration of private
business. 1 generally make it a rule to decline in-
sisting upon that motion whenever I think the pub-
lic interests imperiously demand the action of the
House upon a particular bill. I was in hopes yes-
terday that the bill now under consideiation in
Committee of the Whole on the st-ite of the
Union, would have been disposed of m the course
of the day. It was not disposed of, however, and
as the session is drawing to a close, and as there
are some printed bills before the Committee of
the Whole House, which, if not acted on by the
House before the close of the session will involve
much private suffering, I feel it my duty to now
submit to the House that we proceed for this day
to the consideration of private bills. I suppose
the loss of this day will not make much differ-
ence with the appropriation bills. That kind of
business can be transacted upon any day, while
these private bills can only be considered upon
Fridays and Saturdays. Feeling this to be my
duty, therefore, I submit the motion, and the House
can dispose of it as they choose.
STEAMBOAT DISASTERS.
Mr. KING, of New York. I have been re-
quested to call the attention of the House to the
appalling loss of life by the recent destruction of
steamboats on the Mississippi and on the Hud-
son; and to present a petition in favor of the bill
for the preservation of the lives of passengers on
ioard steamboats, which has passed the Senate,
and is now ill committee in this House.
There being no objection, the petition was re-
ceived, and on motion of Mr. K., referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to make some
suggestions in relation to the importance of getting
through with the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill as soon as possible; but the House un-
derstands it as well as I do. I ask that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the motion must first be put upon going into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
The question was then put, and upon a division
60 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and McMdllin
were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 71.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and being put, it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The plouse accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 196, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government forthe year ending June 30,1853,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRM AN. When the committee rose
on yesterday, it had reached the eight hundred and
sixth line of the bill.
Mr. STANLY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
To refund to the fitnte of North Carolina the amount of
money advanced and transportation furnished to volunteers
from ill at State during tile late war witll Mexico, tile sum
of 53, with interest at the rato of six per centum per
annum, from tile first day of March, m the year 1847, until
paid.
Mr. S. said: If the committee understand that
amendment, after voting the amount which they
did on yesterday to tjie State of Michigan, I do
not think there would be a single member upon
this floor who would oppose it. I hold in my
hand the Congressional Globe of February 8,
1850. A bill to this amount passed the Senate
during that session, hut never reached the House.
Mr. Borland, of Arkansas, from the Committee
on Military Affairs in the Senate, reported the
bill. I now propose to read from his remarks
upon that occasion, which I adopt instead of my
own. Mr. Borland said:
" I will '-late in a few words the grounds upon which Hie
committee have reported this hill. This claim of the State
of North Carolina arisps under the act of Congress making
provision for the payment of the expenses of the volunteer
troop* raised tor the war in Mexico, '{'he provisions o! the
act extended to the appropriations of money made by the
States as well as individuals. The Mihtaiy Committee
believe that this chum properly comes under the provision
ol the act, and that it should have been pan} under that con-
struction of the law by the War Department. The Secre-
tary of Wat, however, under the rules established by that
Depmtinent, thinks the vouchers furnished by th$ State of
North Carolina are not such as those rules rt-quno. Ap
plication is tlieielore made to Congress for a spocia! act
making this appropriation. The Secretary admits the
charge'to be a iea:«unabtc one, and only finds a difficulty in
the inannei in winch the vouchers are prepared.
"The War Department ha* not Mi>pended or rejected the
claim from any want ol evidence that the meney had been
paid by the State. Hut the iuko of the Department require
that the vouchers piesented should be the receipts ot the
soldiers and others, to whom the money was paid. Umlw
the circumstances under which this money Has paid, these
vouchors were riot obtained. The money was paid in North
Carolina to the commanding officer of the regiment, and by
him to the captains, and alterwaids by them to the several
companies. Tins evidence has been tumij-hed to the Gov-
ernor of the State of North Carolina, and he has made ap-
plication for icfundtng the money paid— $9,1)00; a little
more than $10 to each individual; winch the Secretary of
War saj  is a very moderate allowance."
Now, sir, that is the whole matter. The Sec-
retary of War makes the regulations upon this
subject according to the general act of Congress,
which the gentleman from Tennessee referred to
on yesterday. He decided that this case did not
come withm the regulations of the War Depart-
ment. There is no doubt that the money should
be paid. I hope the money will be refunded to
all the States which have, like Michigan, ad vanced
money for this purpose. I have adopted the lan-
guage oT the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Michigan, and applied it to my own State.
I hope the committee will see fit to adopt the
amendment.
Mr. FAULKNER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the amendment, or
rather this case, will be allowed to stand by itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. This matter I think may as
well be understood by the committee first as last.
I have no doubt—at least I presume that the claims ■
of North Carolina are just as much entitled to go
into this bill as the claims of Michigan; and the
claims of all the other States, standing upon the
same footing, might just as well be put into one
amendment and inserted in this bill, as to be tn~
i serted upon separate amendments.
| If you retain one of these cases in the bill—for
; instance that of Michigan—all the other Stales
! standing in the same condition ought to be in-
i serted
| Mr.'STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suggest to the
