2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7.
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] that this
amendment be inserted with a general clause added,
to the effect that all other States standing upon
the same footing shall come within the purview of
that provision.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may as well be done,
as it will save time, for all the States are in.pretty
much the same condition; and indeed the Secre-
tary of War told me, in a conversation recently,
that the principle involved here would let in all
the States, including the war of 1812, and in every
■war from that time down to the present. The
committee had, therefore, better consider the extent
of this question before we act upon it. If we intend
to provide for one State, let us provide for all,
where the same principle is involved.
Mr. FAULKNER. What does the gentleman
desire to have us understand by his remark, that
the Secretary of War said that the principle in-
volved here, if established, would let in all the
States ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I mean this: that if the prin-
ciple be adopted of overruling: the decisions of the
War Department, in its exclusion of claims that
do not come within the rules and regulations of
the Department, all the States will be let in with
their claims. That is what I mean. I understand
the point to be involved in the claim of my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] as well as in the
claim of Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North
Carolina, and almost every one of the States, to
be this: The provisions of the law of 1848 require
that the money and interest shall be refunded to
the States, corporations, and individuals that made
advances for raising and equipping troops for the
Mexican war. The States have applied under
that law to get the money, as also have corpora-
tions and individuals. The money has been re-
funded in all cases where the proof, required by
the regulations of the Department, has been pre-
sented. The proof required by the Department
is, that the evidence shall show not only that the
money has gone out of the coders of the Treasury
into the hands of the State agent, but that it shall
show that the money was actually applied to the
purpose of raising and equipping troops for the
Mexican war. The reason why the claims of the
State of Michigan, of Alabama, and of ail the
other States, are not admitted, is, that they cannot
show vouchers for the money expended, beyond
the agent who received it from the State. In all
these cases the States show that they placed
money in the hands of A and B for the purpose of
raising troops, but they do not trace it, by the
proper evidence, under the regulation of the War
Department, showing that it ever was applied to
the services of the General Government, in raising
and equipping troops. That is the difficulty in
relation to the payment of all these claims, and
the reason why they have not been heretofore
paid. If we intend to overrule that action of the
War Department, let us do it in regard to all the
States standing upon the same footing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] has stated this
matter correctly, but I think where a State pro-
duces to the War Department a voucher—an hon-
est, bona fide voucher—that establishes the fact of
the advance of the money, that the War Depart-
ment ought not to require anything further.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me say to the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that that is the
precise point. The War Department takes this
ground, that when a State hands over to A or B
money to be appropriated in that way, that the
State should adduce proof, of some sort at least,
showing that A or B, the agent for the State for
that purpose, applied it to the purposes for which
it was advanced.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make one inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. Did I understand the chairman to say,
. that he is willing to allow an amendment which
shall include those States which have yet unset-
tled claims for moneys advanced for war purposes
in the war of 1812?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misunder-
stands me, if he understood any such thing. I
stated that the Secretary of War said, that the
principle involved here, if established, would be
the means of letting in all the States for such and
similar claims for the war of 1812, and of every
war since; and that to pay such claims would re-
quire a great deal of money.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Stanly, and it was agreed to.
Mr. COBB offered the following amendment:
And for the payment to the State of Alabama, for money
advanced for transporting and subsisting troops during the
Mexican war, $4,000, °r so much as may be found neces-
sary to pay the principal and interest at the rate of six per
cent, per annum from the time of said advance until paid
by theGovernment of the United States: Provided, Before
payment, the amount claimed shall be certified to have been
paid, or that it is still due by the Government to said State,
which certificate shall be deemed sufficient testimony in
the adjudication of such claim.
Mr. C. said: I shall occupy but a minute in ex-
plaining and advocating this amendment. The
justice of the proposition is so apparent to every
member of this committee, that 1 certainly would
be trespassing upon their judgment, as well as
their liberality and disposition to do right, if I
were to consume their time m the advocacy of this
claim.
It is well understood, that when General Tay-
lor was in extreme peril in Mexico, a requisition
was made upon the State of Alabama, as upon
other States, for troops to relieve him from his
perilous condition. Our citizens in Alabama, as
m many other States, responded to the call instan-
taneously, and they marched from the northern
part of the State, and from the extreme points of
the State, to the city of Mobile, with the view of
proceeding from that place to the seat of war.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] that
he accept this modification to his amendment:
" And that all other States under like circumstan-
ces, shall be put upon like footing."
Mr. COBB. 1 should have no particular ob-
jection to that; but this is a small matter, and we
had better pass it, and let every Skate stand upon
its own merits. I intend to vote for every one of
these claims that are founded upon the same prin-
ciple as that of the State of Alabama.
I was stating that, in the promptness with which
the citizens of Alabama responded to that call, too
many of them repaired to the place of rendezvous,
.and some of them were compelled to return home.
Our State paid for the transportation of these
troops. It is true that the Governor paid out the
ntfeney rather loosely, without taking the proper
vouchers; and by not being able to produce these
vouchers, the Government refuses to pay the
money advanced. The claim is admitted, and the
Government is satisfied that it is just; but, upon
the principle they have prescribed for the action
of the Department, it cannot be paid through the
Department. It is but about §4,000, and 1 hope
the House will allow it to be paid. 1 have, in my
amendment, required the Governor of Alabama,
befoie this money shall be paid, to certify that it
is due and unpaid; and if that does not guard the
Government from wrong, I do not know what
would.
Mr. MILLSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb ,]
as I was opposed to that offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] and to that
introduced yesterday by thegentlemanfrom Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart.] I have no sort of objection
to refunding to the States all that they may have
properly paid or advanced for the prosecution of
the Mexican wai; but I do protest against the in-
troduction of these contested cases into the genr
eral appropriation bill. A few days ago, this
House, by an almost unanimous vote, determined
to stop discussion in the Committee of the Whole
upon the general appropriation bill, because they
saw that the items of that bill were of such a char-
acter as to require no further consideration than
they had already bestowed; and because—1 speak
at least for myself—they had no idea that propo-
sitions suggesting changes in the existing Jaws,
and involviug appropriations for debatable objects,
would be entertained, when there could be no fur-
ther consideration of them than that allowed in
the short space of five minutes.
Now, sir, if these claims are just, they can, I
presume, be allowed by the Department. If there
be "anything in the rules of the Department which
forbids their allowance, and if there be any equi-
table considerations which make it proper to allow
them, a joint resolution may be introduced author-
izing a new mode of decision. But, sir, see the
evil resulting from this practice of first terminating
debate in the Committee of the Whole upon the
bill under consideration, and then allowing the
most important matters to be introduced by way
of amendment. And, in this connection, 1 think
it will be in order for me now to refer to what the
committee has already done, for the purpose of
exemplifyingand illustrating the evils of this prac-
tice. A day or two ago a subject of much im-
portance was brought forward by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] proposing ad-
ditional restrictions upon our foreign trade, and
on his motion the committee voted to impose new
burdens upon this commerce, and that, too, when
no discussion of this grave subject could be al-
lowed, except that which could take place under
the five minutes rule. Upon a subsequent day, a
proposition wasintroduced bymy colleague, [Mr.
Bayly,] which, 1 humbly conceive, involved a
serious reflection upon the Constitution itself, in
proposing to sanction, in some sort, a practice
which was so odious to the framers of the Consti-
tution as to induce them to insert a clause in the
Constitution prohibiting it, as far as they had au-
thority to do so, on the part of any of our public
functionaries; and no discussion could take place
upon that subject, except that brief and unsat-
isfactory discussion which five minutes would
allow.
Now, sir, I am no way opposed to the payment
of the just demands of those States, if properly
brought forward. I vote against them here upon
principle, as I voted against the amendment pro-
posed yesterday* for paying to Virginia the amount
claimed to be due to her. If these States have a
just claim upon the Government, and are entitled
to demand the interest upon it, they cannot suffer
by a little delay; and these delays are necessary to
enable the House to consider calmly and maturely
i the propriety of making the allowance.
| For these reasons, among many others that I
j have not time to state, I trust that not only the
; proposition now pending, but all amendments,
| proposing changes in the general laws, and making
; innovations upon our established course of legis-
, lation, will be voted down by the committee,
j Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order
' which will apply to this and to all similar amend-
j ments which shall be hereafter offered, and I un-
! derstand there are to be several. The amendment
is not m order, because it is for an appropriation
' not heretofore authorized by any law.
! The CHAIRMAN. In reply to thegentleman,
i the Chair will state that that same point was raised
i yesterday on an amendment offered by the gentler
! man from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] The Chair
then decided that the joint resolution of 1846 and
the act of 1848, authorized the reimbursement to
States, corporations, and individuals, of money
i advanced and expended in supporting volunteers
called into service during the Mexican war. The
Chair makes the same decision now, and therefore
overrules the question of order raised by the
gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move pro forma the reduc-
tion of the appropriation proposed by the amend-
ment, one dollar. It strikes me that this amend-
ment is altogether out of place at this time as an
amendment to this bill. I will not proceed to argue
the question of order, because I understand now
what I did not when the question was raised, that
it was settled upon yesterday. The proper busi-
ness of appropriation bills is to appropriate mon-
eys for the expenses of the Government—to pro-
vide for the payment of sums authorized by law.
I When specific claims of this description are offered
; as amendments, I understand it is notxisual, nor
| proper, for them to be added to the appropriation
j bills, unless they have been adjudicated and settled
l as due by the Department. It is not the province
of an appropriation bill to allow a claim where
: there is question as to its justice. It ought not to
j be appropriated if such a question be pending.
; It is then a matter for the consideration of the
Committee on Claims, or of some otherappropri-
! ate committee. This is a claim, not of an indi-
| vidual, but of a State against the Government.
, Whether or not it be due is a question, and this is
! not the time nor occasion for the settlement of that
: question. It may and it may not be due, and the
1 claim should be referred to the Committee on
i Claims, or someotherappropriate tribunal. There
. has been no adjudication at the Departmentupon it.
I Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I wish to
j say to the gentleman that this subject has been
I before the Committee on Claims, and they are now
, prepared to report adversely upon it.
