THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1852.
New Series....No. 134.
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman says that
this claim has been before the Committee on Claims,
and that they have agreed to report adversely to
it. I thank the gentleman for the suggestion, for
it bears at once upon the merits of the case, and
illustrates the impropriety-of passing it in this
form. I understand a class of claims embracing
and standing upon the same merits as this—upon
the same propriety and same law- 
A Member. Not this one.
Mr. HIBBARD. I understand it is not con-
tradicted that this or a similar claim has been re-
jected by the committee. Sir, it shows the impro-
priety of this mode of procedure, as a matter of
order, and it bears upon the question of the merits
of the claim. This is no place to pass upon such
questions. I know nothing of the action of the
committee on claims, except what the gentleman
from Connecticut has said, and I do not under-
stand that to be contradicted. Rejected after ex-
amination before the appropriate committee, it is
now sought to be tacked on as a rider here. This
mode of proceeding is all wrong. Pass this amend-
ment, allow this claim, and by the same rule you
will add to this bill every claim of every State, and
every individual, now pending before Congress.
We will consume the remainder of the session in
unfinished action upon this single bill. I invoke
the friends of the bill, and the committee generally,
if they would ever finish the work in hand, to
discourage amendments of this description.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to oppose
the amendment, with a view to reply to my col-
league who spoke in favor of the principle con-
tained in it. He took occasion to say, in con-
demning hasty legislation, that I, on yesterday,
had offered an amendment to the bill, which was
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not say the gentleman
offered an amendment which was in conflict with
the Constitution. I said that theprinciple of that
amendment involved a serious reflection upon the
Constitution.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well. The gentleman
said that it involved a reflection upon the Consti-
tution. What was it? It was a proposition to
include in an amendment which was carried, and
which I afterwards, when I found it was objected
to, offered to strike out, $150 to the minister for a
snuff-box and watch he had given to a dragoman
of the Sublime Porte. The only clause of the
Constitution bearing upon that is this:
" No title of nobility shall be gi anted by the United States ;
and no person holding any office of profit or trust under
them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of
any present, emolument, office, or title of any kind what-
ever, from any king, prince, oi foreign State."
This clause prohibits the taking, and not the
giving of a present, &c., fromany king, prince, or
foreign State. I suppose that my colleague means
to insist, that the converse of the proposition was
true, and that it prohibits the giving of any present,
&c.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
necessity of reminding the gentleman that he does
not see the relevancy of the remarks the gentleman
is now submitting, to the proposition of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, which proposes to
reimburse the States for moneys they have ex-
pended in raising volunteers for the Mexican war.
Mr. BAYLY. It was pieciely upon that prop-
osition my colleague has indulged in a reflection,
as I regard it, upon me, as one of the organs of this
House; and I should like to know by what rule
the Chair can indulge remarks in favor of the
amendment, and will not indulge others in reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the gen-
tleman to order. The Chair has no recollection
of the remarks to which the gentleman alludes, as
having been made by his colleague. He did not
hear them.
Mr. BAYLY. As my colleague has been in-
dulged in making reference to me, by every rule
of parliamentary law I have a right to reply to his
remarks
[Cries of " Go on" Go on!"]
134
My colleague says that the proposition was a
reflection upon the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion says that no public functionary shall receive a
present from a foreign potentate without the con-
sent of Congress. It does not say that our Min-
isters cannot comply with the usages at other
courts; and I say here, the usage of this Govern-
ment has been, from its foundation, to comply
with the usages of courts in making presents.
Will my colleague say that forbidding to take pres-
ents is impliedly a prohibition to give them ?
Why, sir, the Constitution does not even prohibit
the reception of presents. It only prohibits the
officer from appropriating them to his own use;
and when they are offered, they are always re-
ceived, and are either deposited in the Patent Of-
fice or sold, and the proceeds go into the public
Treasury. Now, whatbecomes of my colleague's
point ?
_ Mr. MILLSON. With my colleague's permis-
sion, I do not see why, when I made general re-
marks in reference to a bill before Congress, my
colleague should suppose those remarks to inti-
mate a reflection upon him as one of the organs
of the House. I was expressing an independent
opinion as an independent legislator.
Mr. BAYLY. Did not my colleague state that
I had introduced a proposition reflecting upon the
Constitution of the United States?
Mr. MILLSON. This practice of giving and
receiving presents by diplomatic agents abroad,
existed at the time of the formation of our Con-
I stitution, as it does now; and because it existed
I then, and because the framers of the Constitution
i regarded it as a serious abuse they expressly pro-
■ Uibited any one of our agents from receiving a
present from any foreign potentate. In the con-
demnation of the principle, so far as the reception
of these presents is concerned, they unquestion-
ably meant to imply a condemnation of a similar
practice by agents of other Governments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, be-
fore putting the question, that in this peculiar case
he has indulged remarks which he deems not in
order. Hereafter he would beg gentlemen to con-
fine themselves to the proposition under considera-
tion. Unless they do, he shall feel bound to en-
force the rules of order.
Mr. HIBBARD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I move to
reduce the appropriation one dollar.
I do so to say a word to prevent misapprehen-
sion of my remark while the gentleman from New
Hampshire wa§ on the floor. 1 noticed at the
time that he misunderstood me. This subject
was submitted to the Committee on Claims. A
much larger amount was then asked for. The
committee were prepared to report adversely to
the application, on the ground that the law made
ample provision for all such cases. The petition
was thereupon withdrawn, and on application to
the proper Department, a great part of the claim
! was allowed and paid. As to this residue, I know
nothing in particular about it; but I am opposed
to this loose mode of bringing in and adjudicating
on these claims. If the law already provided is
not ample, or if there are defects in its adminis-
tration , it is easy to apply to Congress by a proper
memorial, and let the matter be investigated by
the appropriate committee. It seems to me the
general appropriation bill is no proper place for
their consideration. On this ground I have voted
against all the applications of this nature, and j
shall continue so to vote.
Mr. FAULKNER. I submit the following
amendment:
For refunding to the State of Virginia the amount of
money advanced by said Slate, under the act of her Gen-
eral Assembly of the 10th day of August, 1849, in ojgan-
izing, subsisting, and transporting the Virginia regiment of
volunteers for the Mexican wai previous to its being mus-
tered into the service of the United States, together with
interest on said sum, at six per cent, perannupi, $5,00u, or
so much thereof as may be necessary to pay th i same.
Mr. P. said: Theclaimof Virginia for advances
to her regiment of volunteers yet remaining unpaid
by the Federal Government, amounts to $3,734 85,
1 with interest. This sum, as appears by the cerii-
! ficates of the Auditor and Treasurer, was paid to
I the officers and soldiers of that regiment in pur-
, suance of an act of the General Assembly of that
> State, passed on the 10th of March, 1849. The
claim waslaid before the Secretary of War'by the
agent of Virginia, and rejected by him, because he
| did not think it was embraced within the proyis-
ions of the joint resolutions of the 3d of March,
1 1847, and the 2d of June, 1848. A memorial was
! then laid before Congress, and referred to the
I Committee on Military Affairs. As the organ of
' that committee, I have presented a report to this
: House, which waslaid upon the table and ordered
! to be printed, differing from the Secretary of War
J in his construction of these laws, and expressing
> the opinion that the claim of Virginia is within the
i provisions of (existing laws, and should be settled
j at the War Department. Here, sir, I should have
been content to leave this matter. But the Com-
mittee of the Whole having on yesterday recog-
i nized as proper to be placed in the general appro-
1 priation bill a similar claim for the Slate of Michi-
j gan, and tins morning one of like character from -
1 the State of North Carolina, I feel justified and
required,-notwithstanding the protest of my col-
! league [Mr. Mii.l<>om] against this mode of legis-
lation, to urge upon the committee the claim of
Virginia. Our demand is a just one, and amply
sustained by evidence. I have before me an au-
' thenticated copy of the law of the State author-
, jzing the payment, and the certificates of the Audi-
! tor and Treasurer proving thefact ofdisbursement.
i Narrow technical objections ought not to be urged
! against such demands, coming from one of the
i Stales of this Union. They are the most compe-
tent judges of the expenditures necessary for the
full equipment and organization of their volunteer
regiments. They are best informed of the difH-
i culties to be overcome, and the means proper to
: overcome them. It cannot and ought not to be
presumed for a moment,, that they would push
! these expenditures beyond the necessities of the
case.
j The joint resolutions of 1847 and 1848 had
1 their origin in a wise and patriotic policy. Con-
I gress meant to refund to all States, corporations,
1 and individuals, the advances in good faith made
, by them to the volunteers engaged in the Mexican
; war. The Constitution contemplates the burden
of every war to fall upon the General Govern-
■ ment, and whereverindividuals or States,and par-
1 ticularly States, in the exigency of the moment,
step m and make ad\ances which should come
from the general fisc, they should be refunded
! without that rigid examination info the expendi-
ture which some gentlemen now contend for. I
, had no inconsiderable agency myself in aiding to
' raise the regiment contributed by Virginia for the
Mexican war, and I know something personally
of what I am .speaking about. It was raised at a
; most inclement season of the year, and under cir-
1 cumstances of peculiar difficulty and discourage-
[ ment, and whilst I concede that the State of Vir-
! ginia has been just and liberal to her volunteers,
she was not more so than sound policy and the
occasion required. The Secretary of War 
[Here the hammer fell.]
i Mr. HAVEN. 1 am opposed to this amend-
ment. The statute which was read yesterday by
' my frsend from Tennessee, [Mr. Gj:xtry,"] pro-
vides that all claims of this kind shall be paid upon
proof being made, which shall be satisfactory to
, the Secretary of War. These gentlemen here tell
: us that they have made proof, as they claim, before
the Secretary of War. If they have the proof,
! they can gel their pay. If they have not got it,
then I deny that they have any claim. What is
a claim good for without :>roof; And how do we
, know it is valid without proof' I would like to
! inquire whether this committee intend to pass these
claims without proof5 They have made their
proof, they say, such as it is, before the Secretary
of War, but they have not brought that proof be-
1 fore this committee. Why should this committee
allow these claims without proof, when the Secre-
1 tary of War will not allow them with proof of the
