2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
imperfect and inconclusive kind they have fur-
nished? If anything is to be done by this com-
mittee,on the subject without proof or investiga-
tion, we had better at once provide that upon any
member saying his State has a claim,- of .which
he knows nothing, and of which no proof can be
made,, that claim shall be deemed sufficiently es-
tablished, and shall be paid.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
New York ['Mr. Haven] permit me to remind him,
that, the Secretary of War, in reply to a letter ad--
dressed to-him by a member of the Military Com-
mittee, placed his objection to the allowance of
this claim, not upon the ground of want of evi-
dence, for that was ample'and satisfactory, but
upon the ground that the existing law did not, ac-
cording to his construction of it, justify his making
the payment? There is 'no justice or propriety in
recognizing the claim of o,he State," and rejecting
that of another, resting precisely upon the same
grounds. I am content to leave the whole subject
to the War Department,or to pass an amendatory
resolution, if that be deemed advisable. But if
one State is provided for in the general appropria-
tion bill, all having like claims should be placed
upon an equal footing.
The question was then taken on Mr. Faulk-
ner's amendment, and rejected.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting $9,000 in the place of §4,000.
I do it for the purpose of calling the attention of
the House to the law which has been referred to
heretofore, and for the purpose of showing that,
if we are to pass anything, wfe should make the
sum as low as possible. The law referred to is
the law of the 2d of June, 1848, and I wish to
refer to a provision of that,law. The law upon
the subject of proofs is this: 44 That proof shall
• be made, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
'War, of the amount thus expended, and that
• the same was necessary and proper for the troops
• aforesaid."
By.this amendment, and by any of this class of
amendments, we assume, if we pass them into a
law, the payment of all the money paid by the
States, though put into the hands of their own
agents in form, for the support, subsistence, or
transportation of troops, although it may have
been all squandered, and none applied in accord-
ance with the provisions of this law, and although
not one farthing of the money has ever been,made
available to the United States, as is required by
the original act under which these claims arise.
If this be so, it is manifestly improper to pass any
such amendment as will, by its own operation,
relieve the States from supplying proofs of the due
application of the money appropriated by them m
accordance with the provision or the law on which
the claim is based. Some portion of this money
may have been properly applied; other portions
of it may not have been properly applied. Some
portion of it the United States ought to pay ; other
portions of it the United States, perhaps, ought
not to pay. The provision of the law expressly
declares that this money is to be applied to the
support of troops, &c. If the State agents have
misapplied the funds put into their hands, there
is no provision of the law of 184S making it
obligatory upon the United States to pay it, and
they ought not to pay it; because the States should
be responsible for the action of their own agents.
Gentlemen must see the impropriety of passing
these amendments without an investigation before
a committee, as to what has been paid by the
States in pursuance of the regulations of the Uni-
ted States. If the United States ought to pay
them, we ought to ascertain first what the amount
is, what is properly due, and what not. This
House knows nothing about the propriety of the
amendment, and if we pass these amendments we
assume, as facts and legal, all they state, and that
we ought to pay the money, whether due accord-
ing to law or justice, or not.
Mr. SACKsETT. With the consent of the
committee I will withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For refunding to the county of Berk?, in the State of
Pennsylvania, and to the city of Reading, m said'county,
the amount of money advanced by said county and said
city, in organizing, subsisting, equipping, and transporting
voluntpers, previous to their being mustered into the service
of the United States during the war with Mexico, together
with the interest on such sum at six per cent, per annum,
$2,500; which said'sum, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary to pay and cancel the claims of said county and
said city, as presented, and now. on file in the War Depart-
ment, wjth interest-as aforesaid, from the time said advance
was made, shall be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury
to the municipal authorities of said county and said city..
Mr. Chairman, the' claim here- presented is one
from the county of jBerks^and city of'Reading, in
the State of Pennsylvania, for money advanced
for the subsistence," equipment, and transportation
of volunteers for the Mexican war.
In 1847, a joint resolution was passed by Con-
gress upon this subject, which provides for the
refunding of money advanced by States,or their
agents; but this resolution, which has been referred
to by. several gentlemen who have addressed the
committee, does not extend to counties or cities;
under that resolution no relief can be given to
Berks county or the city of Reading. Now, the
State of Pennsylvania, whose patriotism no one
will question, in peace or in war, made no provis-
ion for the equipment, subsistence, or transporta-
tion of the volunteers from Berks county; and,
consequently, has made no claim on the General
Government, and never will, for the money ex-
pended for that purpose. This matter, at least so
far as we were concerned, was left entirely to the
counties, or to the friends of the volunteers.
The county of Berks, which has always been
famous for her patriotism,and has been fully rep-
resented in every war in which the country has
been engaged, from the Revolution down to the
Mexican war, offered three companies in about
ten days' notice of the requisition of the Governor
of Pennsylvania. In order, however, to make a
fair distribution of the forces required through the
State, he was enabled to accept of but one of our
companies. A meeting of the citizens of Reading
and of the county of Berks was called for the pur-
pose of providing for these volunteers. Among
other things, it was ascertained that the United
States Government would not muster them into
the service except at Pittsburg, a distance of three
hundred and eighty miles,and until mustered into
said service, no provision of course would be made
by the United States Government for their subsist-
ence, &c.
The men who offered themselves were the brave
and hardy sons of the county, who were willing
to risk their lives for the honor of their country;
but they had no money to expend, even for th6ir
own subsistence. To supply their necessities, the
meeting recommended an advance of $1,000 from
the city of Reading, and #1,000 from the county
treasury. They appointed a committee of five, of
which I was one, to disburse the money, and to
call upon the General Government for its reim-
bursement.
This money, sir, was chiefly expended in equip-
ping, subsisting, and transporting these volunteers.
A regular account was made out and audited, show-
ing the mode and manner in which the money was
expended; and the account has been approved by
the municipal authorities of Reading and of Berks,
and 1 have the vouchers here, duly certified, so as
to satisfy any gentleman of the truth of the facts
here alleged. Now, sir, not one dollar of this
money has ever been refunded to this day. The
case has been submitted long since to the Secre-
tary of War; but, with the exception of a small
sum for traveling expenses, &c., he declines to
pass the account, for want of sufficient legal au-
thority. It has been submitted to the Committee on
Claims of this House, and the fact of the expend-
iture for the purposes, designated proved beyond a
doubt; but there is no earthly hope of that com-
mittee being able to make a report on it of any
kind for wantof time; sothatthisprocessamounts
to a denial of justice. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Virginia, who has just addressed the
committee, [Mr. Miixson,] that his approval of
the payment of these claims, but insisting on their
passing through the Committee on Claims, and
then coming up before the two Houses of Congress
on the Private Calendar, is almost tantamount to
a refusal. My constituents know they have paid
$2,000 for the use of the volunteers in the Mexi-
can war—a war declared by this Government—
and that, after a lapse of six years, this Govern-
ment has not refunded one dollar of it. They do
not inquire into the mode in which Congress does
its business; they look to the result.
There can be no dispute about the correctness of
the vouchers. The claim cannot be paid under the
joint resolution of 1847-, and I know of no other
mode than that of a direct appropriation by Con-
gress; It is for this reason that I have moved this
amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill, and
hope it may prevail.- Sir, it is impossible that I
should discuss the question of a citizen-soldier in
a five minutes speech; but I will merely remark,
that, while the- patriotism of our- citizens is un-
bounded, and the'hardy sons of this glorious
country stand ready at her-call, it is rather humil-
iating to see the Government reluctantly doling out
of a plethoric Treasury the little pittance required
for their subsistence, equipment, and transporta-
tion.
Mr. .GORMAN. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and if any gentleman upon this floor can
get up here and make out a case, by showing how
money can get out of the Treasury of his county
without the treasurer or auditor having vouchers
as to where it went, he can do something that I
never heard of before. Why, sir, the State of
Indiana raised nearly six thousand men for that
war, and one State has received §20,000 for raising
a single regiment, while all the six regiments from
the State of Indiana have not cost the Government
to the amount of $12,000.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentlemanfrom Indiana
allow me to say, that we are ready to show
vouchers for the distribution of every dollar of this
money.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman is ready to
show vouchers for the payment of this money 9
all he has got to do is to go to the Treasury De-
partment, and those vouchers will be allowed.
There is a law saying, that wherever money has
been appropriated for the payment of troops mus-
tered into service, upon producing vouchers that
the money has been paid, and that it was neces-
sary, it shall be refunded. Indeed, they have
been very lax on the question of necessity. Claims
have been allowed by this Government, even in
cases where free, voluntary barbacues have been
given to companies as a compliment to the sol-
diers.
| Now, if a dollar has gone out of the treasury of
■ any State of this Union, the auditor or treasurer
of that State must know where it went, and if he
has not got the vouchers he cannot account for it
to his own State. We have passed a law saying,
that upon presentation of the vouchers of the
treasurer of any State, money which has been paid
out on account of this war, shall be refunded, and
twenty times over has the question been coming
up in the Treasury Department, whether the offi-
cers shall give additional latitude in these pay-
ments. Our Government, on account of this Mexi-
can war, in regard to forty things I could name,
has been leeched and bled, and is being leeched
and bled day after day, by unjust, unholy, and
iniquitous claims.
Sir, I have had presented to me for considera-
tion in the Committee on Military Affeirs, claims
from my own State; I have made inquiries how
money could get out of the treasury of the State
without a voucher, and I find that it cannot. It
could not get out of the treasury of the gentleman's
county without vouchers.- Your auditor must
have vouchers, or he could not settle his accounts.
If he has vouchers, and can settle his own ac-
counts, then he can get tlie claim before this Gov-
ernment. Our law is broad enough and compre-
hensive enough, and all that is necessary is to
produce your vouchers.
The question being upon the amendment to the
amendment offered by Mr. Jones, of Pennsyl-
vania,
Mr. JONES called fortellers; but they were not
ordered.
And the question being put upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was rejected.
Mr. NABERS offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
For refunding the amount of money expended by the
late Governor of Mississippi in calling out volunteers for
the Mexican war, under the President's requisition, one
thousand dollars, together with six per cent, interest on
that sum • Provided, Sufficient evidence is presented to
satisfy the Secretary of War that the money was actually
exppnded in the service of the United States.
Mr. N. said: Mr. Chairman, I shall occupy the
five minutes allotted to me under the rule, in ex-
plaining the reasons why I have offered that
amendment. But I wish, in the first place, to
vindicate myself in offering this amendment, from
the charge made by the gentleman from Indiana,
