18®.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
TMr. Gorman ,] that we would bleed the Treasury,
and from the charge of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. MtLLsou,3 that we would reflect upon
the Constitution, Sir, 1 would not myself do
either the one or the other; and why, let me ask,
do not gentlemen, in looking at tfee Constitution,
took at the v/hole document?
The CHAIRMAN. Th-e gentleman from Mis-
sissippi must confine his remarks to the subject-
matter of his amendment.
Mr. NABERS. We!l, sir, I was just going to
say that there is a clause in the Constitution which
gives this Congress power to pay the debts of the
United States. If gentlemen will look to the be-
ginning; of the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution, they will find that power is there
.given to us to pay the debts of the United States.
Well, sir, the United States owes the State of
Mississippi $i,G0O, or about that sum. I find
that some gentlemen around me are disposed to
■controvert the orthodoxy of my constitutional
argument, and I will therefore quote the para-
graph of the Constitution on which I rely. It is
In these words;
" Congress shall have p<3wer to lay ami collect ta^es, du -
"ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for
*he common defense and general welfare -of the United
Slates.J'
Well, sir, let me explain that the money ex-
pended by the State of Mississippi during the
Mexican war was expended during the adminis-
tration of one of my colleagues, now & member
upon this floor. But it may be asked, why has
not the entire amount been refunded to us? Sim-
ply because the rules and regulations of the De-
partment construed the law to death under which
we were entitled to this payment. [Laughter.]
They construed the life out of the law, so that we
were unable to get it. We simply ask in this
amendment that if we can prove—as we can do—
that this money was actually expended during the
Mexican war, and expended for the benefit of the
United States, then they shall pay it back-, and
sir, as a Representative of Mississippi upon this
floor, I should scorn to receive it unless we could
demonstrate beyond a shadow of doubt that we
had expended the money as we say we have. I
will not promise to produce a receipt for every
pound of beef, and every blanket, and every arti-
cle of that sort that was furnished to our volun-
teers, for it is often the case that conclusive proof
upon these subjects is beyond our reach.
1 will not detain the committee longer. 1 ask
that a vote may be taken upon my amendment.
£ know that the money has been expended by the
State of Mississippi, and that it has been expend-
ed for the benefit of the United States. I assure
every member of this committee that such is the
fact. It is for them to say whether the money
shall be refunded to us.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi desires to reenact the law
precisely as it stands. I understand that he wants
theGovernment of the United States to pay to the
State of Mississippi what that State has expended
for the benefit of the United States, and six per
cent, interest, provided they will prove to the sat-
isfaction of the Secretary of War that it has been
expended for that purpose. That is the precise
language of the law as it now stands. I will
read it:
"Provided, howeve.r, That proof shall he made to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of War of the amount thus
expended, and that the same was necessary and proper for
tlie troops aforesaid."
But I am not opposing the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi any more than I am
the whole principle. While I might be willing to
vote for a modification of the law upon this sub-
ject, if it were put in a shape in which it could be
discussed and examined into, I do protest against
putting it into an appropiiation bill, where, of all
other places in the world, it has the least business,
and into which it is with the least propriety at-
tempted to be put. For what have we just appro-
priated money ? Why, to pay to Michigan and
North Carolina certain claims, when there is a law
already in existence makine: appropriation for the
payment of such claims. The law itself makes a
permanent and existing appropriation for every
claim of this sort that is allowed by the Depart-
ment, and the object of this legislation is not to
make an appropriation, and therefore it has no
business in this appropriation bill. The second
section of the law says:
a And that an ar«ot?iu sufficient to refund said expenses
so incurred be and the same is iteioky appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Gentlemen are not seeking an appropriation of
money at all. They are seeking to get claims
passed, through the War Department which-do not
come up to the proof required by lav/ and by the
regulations of the Department. The Jaw says
that the Secretary of W ar shall be satisfied that
this money was expended for organizing? subsist-
ing, or transporting troops. Gentlemen come
forward with claims for money which was not so
expended, and ask the Secretaiy of War to pay
them, and because he will not do it, we arc ap-
plied to to allow the claims without one parti-cle of
information, and in opposition to the law and to
the regulations of the "War Department. By your
action here to-day and yesterday you are taking
away every restriction that was put upon these
settlements by the War Department.
But, sir, there is another thing to which I wish
to call the attention of the committee. These
amendments all say that interest of six per cent,
shall be paid upon these claims. Now, that is
more than has been done for other States whose
claims have been allowed* The law says that
where the State, corporation, or individual, ad-
vancing the money, has been receiving interest on
that money, and has lost the interest by advancing
it, in that case interest shall be paid. But here,
irrespective of the principle which has controlled
other States, and without regard to whether inter-
est has been lost or not, you say that interest shall
be paid at the rate of six per cent., when, in truth,
the principle of the law upon which this proceed-
ing is founded, is entirely different from that.
But the great question, Mr. Chairman, is this:
has this money been applied properly, or has it
been misapplied-5 The Secretaiy of War is re-
quired to pay the claim if you satisfy him that the
money has been expended in organizing, subsist-
ing, or transporting troops; but not, if he is satis-
fied that it has been expended in parade and show,
and has been wasted. Now, by these amend-
ments you are destroying the restrictions which
have been thrown around the action of the War
Department.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Cobb's
amendment.
Mr, COBB. I hope the committee will let Al-
abama have this final! appropriation.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I now propose to offer a similar
amendment, though I hope it will meet with a
better fate. I offer the following:
7'o refund to the State of South Carolina the amount of
money advanced, and transportation furnished, to volun-
teer-, from that State during the late war with Mexico, the
sum of *20,000. with interest at the rale of six per centum
per annum, from the first day of Maich, 1847, until paid.
This amendment is in the exact phraseology of
the amendment offered a few minutes ago by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stantly,]
which was adopted by the committee. The
money provided for in my amendment was ex-
pended by the State of South Carolina in fitting
out the Palmetto regiment for the Mexican war.
The difficulty, so far as the vouchers for that re-
giment are concerned, grows out of the fact that the
colonel of the regiment, and lieutenant colonel,
both fell at the battle of Cherubusco. But, inde-
pendent of that, after having passed the amend-
ments to refund the money so expended by the
States of Michigan and North Carolina, as a mat-
ter of justice, 1 suppose the committee would
hardly hesitate to pass the amendment 1 have
offered for the State of South Carolina.
One word in reply to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] as to the inexpediency and impro-
priety of these appropriations by the General Gov-
ernment,to pay appropriations made bytheStates.
I beg that gentleman to remember, that these ap-
propriations, asked to be made here, are for the
several States of this Union which made advances;
and I ask that gentleman, or any other gentleman,
if he supposes the constituted authorities of any
State of this Union would come to the Treasury
of the United States, and perpetrate a fraud upon
it, for the purpose of obtaining such a sum as that
from its coffers? I suspect not. It is not like an ap-
propriation to a private individual, upon the faith
j of a private individual, where fraud may be com-
I mitted. The claims are from sovereign States of
' this Uniott. They are for money expended in fit-
: ting out troops, and preparing-them for the field,
«in order to meet promptly the call made by
I General Government for those troops. I say it
lis just a«d fair, that the money, thus expended,
I should be refunded by the General Government,
! Is it right, that you should refuse to refund the
I money thus appropriated by the several States,
I in this manner,"because, perchance, those States
j may not have saved the vouchers, which the Secre-
I tary of War has required to be produced before
i the claims shall be paid? 1's that just? Is it right?
| £s it proper?
j But some of the States have expended much
| more money than others. That is to be expected^
jltis nothing more than would necessarily hap-
' pen from the circumstances of the case. Some
States might raise a regiment for $5,000, while it
would cost another $ 10,000. In the hurry of the
moment, when the whole country was in a fever
of excitement—when it was of the utmost im-
portance that the troops should be at the seat of
war at the earliest possible moment—many of the
States lavished out money with a liberal hand to
their troops; and because they have done so-—be-
cause they acted with alacrity in the defense of
the country, in order that the troops might be
sent in time to protect the country effectually—is
that to be used as an argument why they should
be compelled to pay the money thus expended
themselves? Is it to be said to us, " You have
thrown away recklessly and profligately this
money, and therefoie we will not pay it?'5 I
hope the committee will adopt this amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is no doubt true that the
money now asked for by the States to be refunded
them was paid out by those States; but I desire to
know if it was understood by those States, when
the money was paid out, that it would ever be re-
funded to them by the United States Government,5'
Much of this money has been paid out by officers
who may have preferred claims against the differ-
ent States for the money they had expended in
raising the troops. They might have urged in
defense of their claims, that the money would be
repaid by the Government of the United States,
But I have no idea that these claims were allowed
by the States with the expectation that the money
was to come from the General Govenment. I
have no idea that the legislators of those States
ever entertained such a belief for a single mo-
ment.
Mr. ORR. I wish to say that the objection the
gentleman from Indiana makes, that this money was
paid out by the officers in raising troops who have
come afterwards with claims to thedifterent States,
does not apply to my State, or to my amendment.
The sum of $'20,000 was appropriated directly by
my State for this object, and not to pay the claims
of speculators.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the State of
South Carolina ever asked that this money should
be refunded, or did she expect it at the time she
appropriated it?
Mr. ORR. I do not know whether the State of
South Caroiinaever asked that this money should
be refunded her or not, but, as a Representative
from that State, I ask that it shall be done. If
that State has not come here at your doors with
petitions, is that a reason why she should not
have justice done her? Is that to be the argument
of the gentleman why the amendment should not
be adopted ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, with the consentof
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] who
still holds the floor, to ask the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] one question. Did not
at least a large part of the money which was ap-
propriated at this time by the State of South Caro-
lina go to the troops themselves ? Was it not dis-
tributed amongst the regiment for the personal
comfort of the troops ?
Mr. ORR. When that money was voted, it
!' was not, as I understand, to be divided amongst the
|j troops at all. It was for the comfort of the sol-
jl diers of the regiment.
jl Mr. DUNHAM. There was another matter
jj for which this money was expended. We all
! know that there was a spirit of rivalry through the
l • States for a prompt compliance with thereqiusitions
j, of the Government. It was a praiseworthy feel-
l! mg; but at the time when these appropriations
