THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tin • ^ ^5
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection, but 1 j
■ would prefer, if the unanimous consent ot the
House is granted, to refer the bill of the Senate
upon the same subject to the Committee of the
"Whole, and make the two a special order.
Mr. BISSELL. I feel constrained to object to
that.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done, as it is
objected 10.
Mr. HARRIS. I will—-
Mr. ORR. I believe I have the floor. I he
gentleman has moved the previous question, and I
do not see how be c*a occupy the floor under
such circumstances.
Mr. HARRIS. I have stated that to be my in-
tention, and I will do it before I take my seat. I
move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS. Has the morning hour ex-
P"The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it in order, then, to go into
Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman can ob-
tain the floor for the purpose of making; the 1110- jj
■  tion, it is. The decision of the Chair, the other i
day, was, that a gentleman could not deprive an-
other of the floor for that purpose. ;
The question was then taken, and on a division i
there were—ayes 87, noes 32. . ' j',
So the House resolved itself into a Committee jj
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. u
Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.) |:
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill before the I
committee is the annual message of the President
of-the United States and the resolution introduced |
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hods- j
ton.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the bill
No. 46, making an appropriation to pay the in-
demnity to Mexico; which motion was agreed
to. ^7
MEXICAN INDEMNITY. *
Mr. EDGERTOIV. I do not intend to take up
much ot the time of the House in the discussion
of this question. I bhali not probably avail my-
self of my privilege, and consume the hour to
which I am entitled. I will not say, as dul the j
honorable gentleman from Virginia, that I am a i
lawyer, for I am not; that I am a judge or have I
been o. judge, for I have not; but I have been a j
juror, sir, and I never yet pronounced my fellow
'man guilty of a misapplication or embezzlement of
money, when I knew lie never had received it.
Perhaps if 1 hail had more experience in matters
of tins kind, 1 would not speak thus. Rut, sir, I
o ire nothing for experience. 1 have no respect
fur experience, or regard for expediency. Expe-
rience never taught a man a better road, but o.ily
enabled him to avoid the dangers of the old_one.
.By the trealy of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, the United
States became bound to pay the Government of
Mexico fifteen millions of dollars—three millions
down and the balance m annual payments. The
history of the payment of the first installments has j
been detailed by the hoiiouible gentleman from \
Virginia, |Mr. "Bayly.] The last is yet to be i;
paid. As no money can be drawn from theTreas- M
ury except, by appropriation of law, this bill, I;
now under discussion, was introduced by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and its itnmedi- j;
ate passage urged'by ihe necessity of the case.
Yes, it is urged" by the Committee of \v ays and |
Means, when it is reasonable to Leueve that there j
is something connected with it that requires dis- j
closure; and it is ur^ed by other paities; and be- j
cause other parties have urged the passage of that •
bill upon this floor,my voice is heard here to-day. ■
Had it noi been for this paper which I hold in my I
hand, emanating from men—I \v>'! n"t dignify I
them by railing them financial operators—but men ;
who are the fund-mongers of this country, I j
should not have spoken upon the question. How j
is it ? The moneyed power of Europe, the moneyed j
power of this country, speak to-day in dictatorial1
terms to the House of Representatives of ihe
United States. They urgeupon us—not. because
they have ail interest in the matter, for they dis-P
claim any interest—the immediate passage of this j.
bill, and say there should be no more "useless];
discussion upon the bill." Has it come to this',!.
that this moneyed power stands up and dictates to
the representatives of twenty-four millions of peo-
ple, that they shall pass or not pass a law ? And
do they dare, in their unparalleled impudence, to
come here and say that the discussion of tiiis^
question is needless ? Yet that is the language oi
their paper. ,, ,
They say the passage of this bid saould not be
impeded by needless discussion. For one, lam
I determined, as a representative of a portion of the
1 American people, to proclaim here upon this floor,
' that I am ready to impede the progress of this bill
1 with all kind ot* needless discussion. I hope there
; are other members upon this floor, who will give
1 these fund-mongers specimens of such needless
1 legislation, as will satisfy them that they have no
: connection with the American people—that this
' is a Government of the people, and not of any
' moneyed power. Who are these men? Baring.
. . * t\ A -   .P.. "O in*/cn
iliuxicycu uuvvoi. "v ~  
Brothers & Co., and Corcoran & luggs—whose
banking-house stands opposite to your lreasury,
a fungus upon it, growing rich and enlarging itself
bv wiiat it robs from that which it destioys—and
Howland & Aspinwall, and others, plunderers of
the Treasury. They are the men who dictate to
the American Congiess, that the passage of the
bill shall not be impedtd by needless discussion.
Had it not been ior this paper, and some rumors
which have been circulated in the public prints, as
I have said before, I should not have spoken upon
this question. But it has been charged, that there
may possibly be some fraud, or impropriety, con-
nected'with the passage of this bill; and I hold it
to be my duty—to be the duty of every repiesenta-
tive upon this floor—when imputations are thrown
' out, as to the character of any financial transaction,
i that they should be examined and probed, and
1 Chat eveiytlnng connected with the finances of the
1 Government should be closely inquired into. It
has been charged, that a contract has been made
between the Secretory of the Treasury and these
bankers, in ielation to the disposition of the money
 that they have been appointed the agents ot this
Government for paying this money to Mexico.
Ours Js a Government of laws. We have laws
creating and piescribiog the duties of our officers.
We have financial officers connected with the ad-
ministration of this Government, and I take this
position, that without the special authority of law,
it is not in the power of the Executive department
to substitute any officer to discharge the duties
that devolve upon it. Is there any authority of
law for making this contract? Is their contract,
in reference to which information has been asked
this morning of the Department, binding upon toe
\ Government of the United States—is it binding
i even upon the other parties to it? Certainly not;
i for the parties themselves—Corcoran ifc Riggs,
! Howland & Aspinwall, and Baring, Brothers &
! Co. expressly say that they do not conceive
themselves now bound as contractors that tiiey
are released fromall obligations under the contiact;
and so they are. He cannot, and never could,
, nor could any other Secretary of the Treasury, or
Secretary of State, make a contract which would
be binding upon the Government, or even upon
the other contracting parties, in the debate noon
this question the other day,the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] made the following re-
marks :
" Hut no contiact was made, and no contiact could be
mt'dc which would 1)111(1 tins House in any manner what
'•ocvci. it wax noun the power oi any clepaitmont of thu
ciovernmont to make a contiact lor the negotiation ot us
payment before an appiopriation upon the part ol Connie?.*
hail been made. Tile Guveimaent could make an auan^c-
mcnt only alter the appropriation liad been made.''
How, then, would this Government have been
placed m regard to the contract, had there been a
failure on the part of the alleged contractors to j
have performed their part of it, by not paying
the money? If the United States had placed in
the hands of these contractois a portion of tins
money in advance of its payment to Mexico, and
that without receipts or discharges oil the part of
Jvlexico, and these contractors refused or neglected
to pay to that Government, would it be justified
■ ill demanding that additional payment should be
made in consequence of their failure? Beyond a
ouesiioii. There is no doubt of it; because the
contracting party, in case they had misapplied the
, money, might have stood up and said to you
. and the Secretary of State: "You have made a
' contract with us that you had no right to make.
It was not binding upon the Government, and
consequently not binding upon us, the other con-
tracting party." There is another view of this
question to which I will allude. 1 will admit for
argument the right existed on the part of the Sec-
retary of State, to make the contract, but I will
say, although the right did exist, it was an im-
proper act on the part of the Secretary, and I say
so for this reason: This being a Government of the
people alone, it should not be the Government of
any moneyed power; that should have no influence
m the Government, and particularly not if that
moneyed power be a foreign one. How is it
with these moneyed powers ? They now control
the entire destinies of all the nations of Europe.
They are seeking to control the destinies of,
this nation. They are attempting to undermine
the liberties of the people; and the whole history
| of the moneyed power, since the beginning of
[ the world, will show that it was never the ad-
i vocate of human rights and human liberties.
I The moneyed power throughout the world was
always the agent of the oppressors of human lib-
erty and human rights. Who are these con-
tractors? They are the very same men controlling
the Governments of Europe, upholding, by their
money, the corruptions of the old monarchies.
The very same men, governed by these same feel-
ings, now say to the representatives of the American
people, You must not discuss this question,because
it is needless—improper. Why, who does not
know, m the history of this moneyed power, that
it invariably corrupts the Government—that it
corrupts the masses'; that it lays its mighty hands
upon even talent and intellect, and sacrifices them
withitspowerof corruption. Thebrightestgenius
this Government ever beheld in his palmiest day,
when the fire of talent beautified and illumined
him, the victim of this moneyed power—sacrificed
upon its altar. It is because of this moneyed
power, so iusidious in its character, supporting
and encoui aging, as it does, sappers and miners
upon your Treasury, that I take this position. I
stand upon this floor to-day and ay, to this
House of Representatives—say to the American
people—that I am bound "to impede this legisla-
tion of Congress. I stand here, not the advocate
of legislation by Congress, but as the sworn
opponent to the action of Congress, saving for
one thing, and that is, to pay the.debts of the
Government. I will legislate for no other purpose
i but to pay our debts, and "to provide.for the gen-
' eral welfare." But I will provide for the general
welfare solely by paying the debts of the Govern-
ment; and, if it be necessary, I will levy taxes for
that purpose, and for that purpose only. To that
end only can Congress levy taxes for the general
welfare. This Congress legislates too much. We
have too much legislation before us, and by whom
is it brought here? By whom are the various
projects co°ming up here'for the purpose of robbing
the Treasury advocated and sustained? Why,
by men under the influence, under the control of,
and whose destinies hang upon, this moneyed
power. We legislate, as I have said before, too
much. The moneyed power seeks, not only here,
but everywhere, to centralize power in Govern-
1 ments. It is the great advocate of the centraliza-
iueiu.-s. ii. 1^ viiv . -- —--
tion of power. Every act of this Government
which tends, in the least, to the centralization of
power, or that takes anything from the States,
which they can do, I will" oppose. 1 stand here
the advocate of the right of the States to protect
its citizens ill everything they require. The peo-
ple h<« e no claim upon Congress. This Congress
has no right to poss any law which the people of
one section of the country can say benefits them,
and which another section can say does not bene-
fit them. The Legislatures of the several States
can do all the acts necessary for the prosperity,
the glory, and dignity of the country.
What has the'action of Congress added to the
glory of this country ? Have the fa iff acts passed,
whichhave been so'much talked about, lidded one
I particle to the wealth and power of the country ?
' Has any other action of Congress added wealth
I and power to the country ? The wealth and power ■
I of the country are produced in another quarter.
■ It is in the States themselves—in the people—
! that they are produced, and it is the legislation of
'the several States, developing the resources of
these States, that has made this country what it
; is. I stand here to-day, not the advocate of the
' glory, power, and wealth of the States consoli-
dated, but the advocate of the glory, wealth,,
