2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
were made by the different State authorities, they
were made for the purpose of encouraging this
spirit of rivalry, and for the purpose of getting a
proper qaota of troops into the field as soon as
possible;-but it was never .expected, when the
money was advanced by the Stateauthorities, that
the General Government would pay it back again.
It is very evident that they had no such expecta-
tion, frorri the fact that they never even
vouchers from the individuals to whom the money
was^advanced. I think the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina should not be adopted.
The question now being upon Mr, Orr's amend-
ment, the House was divided, and 27 rose in the
affirmative. - _.
Mr. ORRd.emanded tellers; which" were ordered;
and Messrs. Millson and; Landry were ap-
pointed^
The question was then, taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, "noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE offered the following
amendment:
To cai ry into effect the act approved September 28,1850,
forthe purchase of a cemetery ne;tr the city of Mexico, and
the interment tberfin of the leiuains of the American offi-
cers and so'dier*; who fell iji brsttl#1, or othei wise, in or near
the city of Mpxioo, the sum ot .$3,000, which, or so much
thereof ax may he' nece^ary, shall ho expended for this
purpose, under the direction of'the President of the United
States. And the interment ofemzensof the United States,
who have heretofoie died, or who may hereafter die in
Mexico, maybe made m >aid remetory, under such regu-
lations as may be pre&cribed bytho President ofthe (Tinted
States.
Mr. B. said: I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to the passage of that amendment. It will
require but a very short explanation. A year or
two ago Congress appropriated §10,000, which
was then supposed to be necessary to purchase a
cemetery in or near the city of Mexico, for the
interment of the officers and soldiers of the Ameri-
can army who fell in battle, or otherwise died in
or near that city. That sum, however, was found
not to be sufficient by about $3,000. In the defi-
ciency bill which passed this House some time ago,
there was an appropriation of §1,480 34. In
looking over the papers, however, and in accord-
ance'with the recommendation of the President of
the United States in his message, which I hold in
my hand, the Senate passed a bill appropriating
$3,000 for completing the cemetery, and removing
the remains of the officers and soldiers to it. The
papers winch I now hold in my hand show the
facts, but I have not time, nor i.s it necessary, to
go into them. This sum is probably about the
additional amount which is needed. It is recom-
mended by the President, has passed the Senntp
in the form of a vsepnrate hill, which has been laid
upon your tables. I have taken the substance of
this bill and put it into the form of the amendment
which is now before the committee. I have
adopted this course because there would be no
hope of reaching that bill during the present ses-
sion.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SMART offered the following amendment:
And provided that no poison at tii<* head of eithei of the
Departments, or of anv of the Executive bureau^ of the
Government of the United States, no Senatoi or Represent-
ative in Conarf"?'-, cleric in any of the Department*, or any
officer or emplovue of eithei flou^o of shall <!t"-
rectly or indevetly, during the time thev mav hold sueh
office, piosecute any claim against the Government of the
United Static, before the Executive Departments, Execu-
tive bureaus, or Congre^, for anv fee or leward. And if
any person aforesaid Miall prosocute any claim as aioro-
said, he t-hall foifeitaiid pav <i fine of $2,000, and also the
amount ofthe foe ehnnred foi his sew ice's, one half to the in
former and the othei half to the Government, to be recov-
ered by action of debt before any couit of the United States.
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, I will detain the
House but a moment in explaining this amend-
ment. At the first of the session I submitted a
proposition embracing the same principle as this
amendment. But I will state for the information
of the House, that the principle has been sanc-
tioned during the present session by the Judiciary
Committee of this House, and that a similar prop-
osition, though not in the same language, has
passed the .Senate. I will also state that the judges
of the Supreme Court, as the committee are aware,
are prohibited from practicing as counsellors or
attorneys in the courts of the United States; and
that there is now also existing upon the statute
book, a prohibition upon the members of this
House in relation to Congress, providing that no
member shall make a contract, and the provision
is enforced by a penalty of $4,000.
These' are the precedents I offer, Mr. Chair-
man, to justify me in offering this amendment. I
think the adoption of this proposition is becoming
much more necessary than are the prohibitions I
have alluded to, and I trust there will be no oppo-
sition to the- amendment. I have'drawn up the
proposition with great care, and I think it will be
found to answer the purpose. -
Mr. MILLSON.- F have no objection to the
objects contemplated in that amendment, and I
have always controlled my own personal action by
the-principles involved in it; but I rose simply to
raise a point of order as to the amendment.
Mr. SMART, I think it is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. It is not a proposition in
order to this appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order, and therefore
sustains the point of order.
Mr. KING, of New York, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
There shall be allowed and paid to each of the following
persons: Uiiarles H. Sherman, Lewis E. Jackson, Henry
Taylor, Frederick Morris, and John Davis, mariners, sent
into the port of New York and detained there as witnesses
for the United States, $;1 25 for each and every day
necessarily occupied on the voyage and arriving at New
York; and the judge ofthe district of the United States
in winch such witnesses have been detained to testify,
shall allow and cause tile same to be paid, the same as other
witnesses' fees are paid.
Mr. KING said: I will say briefly, in explana-
tion of this amendment, that it is universally the
custom to allow to sailors sent in from foreign
ports, to testify in cases of mutiny and difficulties
at sea, these fees. The general law does not allow
witnesses' fees to be paid until the subpena has
been served. These witnesses were sent in, a
portion of them from Rio Janeiro, and some of them
from China. Under these circumstances, upon
their reaching the portof New York they were sub-
penaed, and they would, by law, be entitled to
fees only from that time, which would evidently
be unjust.
The Committee on the Judiciary unanimously
recommended the allowance to be made.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. King, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, under the instructions of the
Committee of Ways and Means, offered the fol-
lowing amendment to the clause in relation to the
penitentiary of the District of Columbia:
After the word "hundred" insert "and sixty."
The clause will then read—
"For the support and maintenance of said penitentiary,
§1,560."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it .was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE moved to strike out the word
"ten," in line nine hundred and three, and insert
in lieu thereof the word "twenty."
The clause will then read as follows:
"For the support, clothing, and medical treatment of in-
sane paupers of the District of Columbia, at such places as
the Secretary of the Interior may. in his discretion, deem
pi oper, $2(1,1)01)."
Mr. B. said: The amount contained in this
section, as reported from the Committee, is not
sufficient for the purposes for which it is intended,
because heretofore the insane paupers of the Dis-
trict of Columbia have been treated at the insane
hospital of Maryland, at the city of Baltimore, at
an average expenditure of $200 apiece.
The superintendent of the hospital of Maryland
has given information to the health officers of this
city, that in consequence of the great increase of
that class of patients in the State of Maryland, it
is impossible for him any longer to receive and
treat the patients from this District. In conse-
quence of this, it becomes necessary forthe super-
intendent of the infirmary of the District to pro-
vide accommodations for the insane paupers ofthe
District, within the District. I am informed by
him that it will be necessary to have a sum
amounting to $20,000, in consequence of the in-
creased expense, there being now no insane hos-
pital in the District, and there being a great in-
crease of that character of patients. He estimates
that there are now at least seventy-five persons of
that class within the District, including those now
under treatment in the hospital at Baltimore, and
who will have to be returned to the District, and
therefore he requests that this appropriation shall
be granted for that purpose.
Mr. McLANAHAN. .1 have understood from
the marshal of this District, that he had it in con-
templation to make some arrangement with the
director of the insane hospital of the city of Phila-
delphia; but I am not informed sufficiently to say
whether that arrangement has been entered into
or not; but if it'has been, there could be no better
place for the insane of the District, andit is acces-
sible to Washington by railroad.
Mr. BOWIE.- I founded my motion upon in-
formation given me by Dr. Miller, of this city.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied that there is
no necessity for this amendment, and I am equally
satisfied that it is not expected by citizens of this
District, who seem, at least to me, to be interested
in the subject. I do not mean to controvert what
has been said by the gentleman from Maiyland,
[Mr. Bowie;] but those citizens who have talked
with me upon this subject—and the marshal of the
District is one—were satisfied with $10,000. That
is all that was estimated for, and the committee
have put that sum in the bill. Now, I am op-
posed to raising the amount, and especially as no
committee of the House has examined the subject,
and said that such appropriation ought to be made.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] is altogether mistaken,
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not mistaken in giving
the facts I have stated.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not iri order.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment of Mr. Bowie, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I move to increase the appro-
priation of the same clause §5,000.
The facts stated by my colleague [Mr. Bowie]
are perfectly correct. It is not a matter in which
the people of the District are alone interested.
This District is so convenient to Baltimore, that
when the authorities are obliged to send these
poor creatures away, they send them at once to
the Maryland hospital at Baltimore; but they will
not and cannot be now received there; and we
cannot make an appropriation to erect an insane
hospital here, or any other building, hecause there
is no existing law authorizing the erection of such
an institution. We must increase the amount of
this appropriation, in view of the suggestion of
the gentleijian from Pennsylvania, [Mr. MoLan-
ahan,J for the expense of sending these insane
persons from the District to Baltimore is compar-
atively small. Now, they must go to other insti-
tutions—they must be sent to Philadelphia, and
perhaps some of them beyond, to places where
you can find suitable institutions. This will re-
quire an increased expenditure. Formerly you
had only to make an appropriation to provide for
taking care of them in the Maryland hospital,
and to provide for the carrying of them thither;
but now that state of things is at an end. This
description of unfortunate individuals is so largely
increased within the limits of Maryland that that
State has not accommodations for its own insane;
and it will be cruelty on the part of this committee
if we leave these poor people without the means
of being transported to. New York, Philadelphia,
or elsewhere, where institutions can be found for
their reception.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken again. The arrangement of which my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLanahan] has
spoken, will be amply carried out with this ap-
propriation, and the only additional expense-
take the gentleman's own statement—if we cannot
get them provided for in Baltimore, will be their
transportation from that point to Pennsylvania.
This is the usual appropriation. It has hereto-
fore been ample, and there has been no complaint
on the subject. It does seem to me that, under
the arrangement spoken of by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, this sum will be ample to meet all
additional expense.
Mr. WALSH. Does the gentleman knowhow
many insane persons from the District are in the
Maryland hospital >
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know.
Mr. WALSH. I undertake to say there are
almost a sufficient number to exhaust this appro-
priation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman himself
know how many there are?
Mr. WALSH. There are fifty; and at $200
apiece this whole appropriation will be exhausted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rely upon the incorrect-
