1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
if he assumes that the difference in the cost of these
vessels is to determine the question of payment,
why, I would say to the Senator, we allow that
difference in the increased price we have paid
The cost of a vessel is to be-determined by its size
and fiiiish. The bCirden'of our vessels being three
thousand tons, and of the Cunards two thousand
tons, we are adding; one-third, we are paying an
additional eight thousand to our vessels expressly
on the ground of their superior cost and the con-
sequently larger expenditure in running them.
But,, then, if the gehtleman's argument amounts
to anything, it seems to me it is on the other side;
because the vessels of the Cunaiders, in the aggre-
gate, cost much more than oars in the aggregate,
ff the argument of the Senator from Maryland,
therefore, proves anything, it proves exactly the
reverse of that which he assumes.
Mr; RUSK. Mr. President, the Senator from
Tennessee seems to leave out of view the fact, that
the receipts of the Collins line 'and the Cunard
line are rendered greatly disproportionate by the
fact that the Cunard line makes more trips thari
the Collins line. Now, as" far as the carriage of
letters is concerned, as far as mercantile*transac-
tions are concerned, as far as the transmission of
freight and valuable merchandise is concerned,
promptitude and dispatch are important. Does
not the honorable Senator from Tennessee see at
.once that of two rival lines, the one passing oftener
between two different points would come in for the
larger amount of freight? Does he not see, be-
sides, that this one would get the largest amount
of passengers over'the o'her steam-ships ? And
that is one. of the important elements which has
caused this dispropoition in the expenses and re-
muneration of these different lines.
There is another thing which he seemed to for-
get, and that is this: The Cunard line had some-
thing like ten years I lie start of the Collins line.
They had machine shops, because they had gone
more largely into the building of steam-ships in
England than in the United States. At the time
this enterprise was undertaken by Mr. Collins
and his associates, there were, as I understand, no
shops here sufficient to make machinery for the
vessels, and a lftrge portion of it had to be pur-
chased in England and imported. In addition to
this there were no experienced engineers here
whom they could put in charge of the vessels.
They had to lure foreign engineers at a very large
. price, more than they now have to pay. This
fact, while it ace.ounts for the difference "between
the two lines, shows one important reason why
you should sustain this line.
Four years ago you could not have built a war-
steamer of the size of one of the Collins steam-
ers. You would have had to depend for the ma-
chinery upon Great Britain. Now you can build
one in case of emergency. Four years ago you
had 110 engineers who could be trusted with the
charge of ships of this description across the
ocean, because you had not entered into the busi-
ness. Now you have plenty of them, and, per-
haps, better engineers than there are in England. ,
There is another matter which should be taken
into account, which manifests itself in the Senate
—manifests itself all over the country, but which
does not manifest itself in England. It is a sort
of disregard of American enterprise. If the Sen-
ator will look into the facts, he will find that Amer-
icans patronize the Cunard line, and, therefore,
enable it to make more profits than the Collins
line can make. He will find that the freight of
American houses go by the Cunard line. Ay, -
more, if he will investigate this subject to the end,
he will find Americans writing in the newspapers
for the purpose of breaking down the Collins
line—for British interests and British influence. i
f will not pretend to go into all the items which
show this difference; but I have given some, and
I can give more that conclusively accounts for it. !
In England, I understand that coal is threedollars !
per ton; and in this country I believe it is six dol-1
larsperton. ;
There is another important item which enters
into the expenditures m the first instance. These .
ships, when they first went to England, were so i
large that there were no docks there into which
they could etiter;and these gentlemen,as I under-
stand, had, at a large outlay of money, to build
docks there for the entrance of these ships.
There are many considerations of this descrip-
tion, but the question to my mind is now: Will i
you abandon the enterprise, and force your citi-
zens, whether they will or not, to pay ten or a
hundred, or a thousand times perhaps, more in
the shape of money to the Cunard line, for the
transmission of freight, passengers, and letters, to
be taken from the pockets of American citizens
and transferred to the coffers of the British Gov-
ernment, to strengthen a steam marine vastly su-
perior to our own in numbers? This, as it seems
to me, is the question.
Mr. JAMES. I merely rise to address one
remark to my friend, the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] on a matter of fact. The
Cunard line now receives from the British Gov-
ernment §5 75 per ton for each of these steamers
that cross and recross the Atlantic. The Collins
line, allowing $33,000 per trip, will only receive
$4 82 per ton; something like twenty per cent,
less than is now paid to the Cunard line. One
other fact, and 1 am done: I am not as well ac-
quainted with the cost of building steam-ships in
England as I am with the value and cost of all
kinds of English machinery; but I can say that
i there is a difference of thirty-three and one third
| per cent, in favor of English machinery in cost.
I That being the fact, I presume that the English
j steamers are built at about that difference less than
I the same vessels could be built for in this country.
; 1'haMs all I have to say.
Mr. SEWARD. I haveto submit one remark
for the consideration of the Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones.]
I The rate of interest in England is three ^i cent.;
!j the rate of interest in this country on capital em-
!i ployed in operations of this kind, is seven per
!| cent.; a difference of more than one half. That
ji would make a difference of between SdlO.OOO and
{j $135,000 against this company. The rate of
; wages for the persons employed as captains, en-
;i gineers, and common seamen, is about one third
; higher m this country than in England. The rate
! of insurance in this country is six per cent., and
i in England three per cent.;'the insurance on the
Collins steamers amounts to about ^175,000 a year,
| or one half of all the compensation received from
! theUovernmentof the United States. Theseitems
i make up very largely the difference that the Senator
jj wishes to have explained. I will state these items
|| more carefully and specifically:
i l Insurance on the Cunard line of steam-ships, valued at
&50U,000, :it three percent, in England, is  ($15,000
!, Insurance ot Uu: Collins line of steam-ships, val-
ued at $700,000, at six per cent is    42,0011
j The total insurance on the Collins line is.   168',000
I The total lnsuianceon the Cunard tine is....  ti0,U0,l
|i Making a diireicace against the Collins line of..,. 108,000
] i These items showthat we are contending against
l! a very powerful competition with England. I
II know that the inference will be drawn, that if we
|i contend against such disadvantages, we may as
j well retire from the contest; but I submit to the
; Senator, and to all other Senators, that there have
i been precisely the same disadvantages in the ordi-
j nary trade of the country—m the merchant marine;
and, notwithstanding these disadvantages, arising
from the deficiency of capital in this country, and
; from the deficiency of persons skilled in the man-
| agement of such vessels, yet we have excelled
! Great Britain in the other branch; and, therefore,
| there is no reason to suppose that we shall not
; equally succeed in this, provided we continue the
1 competition.
; _ IVfr. BORLAND. Will the Senator from New
; York [Mr. Seward] permit me to ask him a ques-
tion5 Whether he states it as a fact, that the Col- !
| lms and Cunard steamers, both lines plying be-
i tween Liverpool and New York, pay different
i prices for the labor they employ, for the fuel they
: consume, and also pay different rates of interest5
i That is, are we to understand it as a fact that in
; the business transactions of this country, as
; compared with those of "England, the business of j
; two lines of steamers, owned and conducted by
| intelligent business men, is conducted and carried
i on at double the expense by one as compared with
! the other?—that, wlule insurance offices are opened i
: m England and m the United States, Cunard gets j
' his steamers insured for three per cent., and Col-
; hns is obliged to pay six per cent.?—that, while i
| the price of coal m the United States is double !
| what it is in England, that Collins, although going j
i backward and forward between Liverpool ana 1
! New York for months, pays double the amount |
in New York that Cunard pays in Liverpool ?—or j
1 that he pays double the amount of salary to his i
sailors and officers, when he can employ them on
one side or the other, just as-he thinks proper? If
these are facts, to my mind they are astonishing
facts. I should like to know whether they are
correct or not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not rise for
the purpose of detaining the Senate. It was not
my intention to say another word on this subject
I simply desire information, so that I may not be
called upon to vote in the dark. I confess, how-
ever, that the further J go, the worse T get. There
is something in the remark of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] that does go to ac-
count for this difference; but I want to know from
that Senator, and from the friends of this meas-
ure, if the allowance which is here asked for, is to
be supported on the ground which he assumes?
If that be so, and if the advocates of this amend-
ment will withdraw it as it is, in its present re-
stricted shape, and make it a general proposition,
applicable to every such case, I will go with them*,
for it is just the doctrine which I have advocated
all my life—the doctrine of protection. ' Now, the
honorable Senator from New York, in my judg-
ment, predicates it upon the only ground on which
it can be sustained, and the only objection which
I have is, that it is a special law, whereas I am in
favor of making the law general.
The Senator says that labor in England is
cheaper than it is in America. That is the very
argument which I have used in favor of protection
to American industry. He says that the cost of
building vessels in England, is less than the cost
of building them here. That, sir, 1 again say, is
the very argument which I have used in favor of
protection to American industry. If "that is the
argument, I will go for it most heartily, provided
you will make it general, and applicable to all
similar enterprises.
But the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] made
a remark which attracted my attention. It was
this: In attempting to account for this difference,
or rather in attempting to assign a reason why the
Cunarders could afford to run their ships for much
less money than the Collinses, he said the differ-
ence was to be found in the fact that the first-
named proprietors made so many more trips, and
thereby secured a larger amount of patronage in
the transportation of passengers and property. If
that be true, then all that Collins has to do is, to
run four or five times as many trips, aiid four or
five times as many vessels, in order to have a com-
plete monopoly of the whole thing. [A laugh.1
Now, we are told that the Collinses cannot afford
to run these vessels, because they are losing
$16,000 on every trip, when, according to the ar-
gument of the Senator from Texas, he has only to
multiply the trips, and increase the number of his
vessels, to secure an amount of patronage which
will place him beyond the necessity of asking this
patronage from the Government.
But another argument which that Senator uses
is this: that there is an anti-American feeling that
sustains the Cunardeis, and disregards the Col-
lins line. If that is so, all I have to sny is, that
the man who disregards it, violates a great princi-
ple of nationality according to the argument of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger-,] hut, sir, no man will deny the right of
an American citizen to give his patronage to whom
he will; and when we hear of this anti-American
feeling, I should like to know who are the guilty
perpetrators of this outrage. [Laughter.] If they
choose to give their patronage to the Cunarders,
and then appeal to the Government to sustain the
Collins line, 1 say that it is a flagrant outrage.
But, sir, I wish to know if the question does not
resolve itself back into the same great and glorious
principle of giving protection to American indus-
try and enterprise > Put it upon that ground, and
I am with you. Make it a general law, and let
us give protection to American industry in all its
departments, and i^ehall have my cordial support.
If you will do that, I am willing to sit here till
Christmas, provided gentlemen will aid me in pass-
ing such a law; but I am not willing to pass a
special law to aid a particular company, ana thus
give to one individual, or to an isolated company,
an advantage, to the injury of every other interest
in the land.
Mr. HALE. It is getting late, sir, and  .
Mr, MANGUM. Let us have a vote.
Several Senators. "Vote!" "Vote!"
Mr. HALE. I only said it is getting late, sir 
