1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2133
ness of the gentleman's position, from the fact that
the officers who have this subject in charge dis-
agree with him as to the amount. They have not
asked us for any more, and when they made the
estimates, and at the time this bill was being pre-
pared, I presume they knew of the number ot in-
sane from the District in the Maryland hospital;
and if so, why was not this subject of an insuffi-
cient appropriation brought to the attention of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or to the atten-
tion cf some other committee, that it might be in-
vestigated.
The fact that they only estimated for $10,000; the
fact that they have not called for an additional
appropriation from any committee of this House;
and the fact that they knew that this subject was
before the Committee of Ways and Means, satisfy
me conclusively that the gentlemen are mistaken,
and that this appropriation is right.
The question was then taken uii the motion of
Mr. Walsh, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I move to strike out the
$10,000, and in lieu thereof to insert §,19,000. If
the committee precisely understood this question,
there would not be a single dissenting voice to theap-
proprmtion. This bill was reported last February.
The estimates were made at that time, and the
Committee of Ways and Means acted upon the
information then before it. There was published
in the Intelligencer, a few days ago, a letter
dated July 15th, 1852. It came from a very high
and respectable source, and with the permission
of the committee, I will read the following extract:
"The General Government, with proper liberality, has
for somo years pa.-t allowed lietween six and seven thou-
sand dollars for the support ofihese unfortunate persons, and,
as above stated, the trieater part of them aie in Maiyland
hospital, near Caltimoio. This institution k, however, so
crowded, and the demand on the pait of the insane who
more properly belong to Maryland so great fot admission,
that n bijeti resolved by the managers of the above-
named institution, to exclude for the future all such patients
coming from the District ot Columbia, notice having been
fjivcn to the marshal to remove iho&e now undei caie on or
befoie the 1st of January, 1853.
The number of insane has greatly increased with-
in the last few years, and there are now between
csixty and seventy to be provided for. How are
they to be provided for? Congress must take
care of 'V-m, or they will be turned at large upon
the coiiiauvuiy. They must be confined some-
where. I have a variety of facts which I should
be very glad to lay before the committee, but
which it is impossible to do in my limited time of
five minutes. I call attention to thefollowingletter,
from a highly respectable physician of this city:
Washington', D. C., February 14,1852.
Sir : I find on a'ropcru^al of mine of 2-lth ultimo, T omit-
ted some verv urtrent and strong reasons upon the paiticular
subject of the note—I mean the establishment of a lunatic
asylum to be founded by the Government in the Metropolis
of the Union.
The practice and expenence of the medical faculty heie
have demonstrated to them that a very large proportion of
the insane, m tin-* District and city are either foreigners or
non-re-sidem*.—those, in short, who come to the seat of
Government, some to pro*ecute claim-', and otheis to pro-
cure ciencal or other employment. Among so many of
this class a large number must of necessity he disappointed ;
and coming heie with high expectations* of success, when
poverty, vexatious delay-, and *{hope deferred" overtake
them, it unfortunately happens that the reason of some be-
comea more oriels deianged, andhnmamty requires all the
relief which can bn affoided.
Very respecttullv, vour obedient servant,
THO. MILLER.
There are about seventy at the hospital at Bal-
timore from the District, instead of twenty-five or
thirty, and there are about twenty or thirty at
large in the community. What is to be done by
$15,000, £20,000, or $30,000? We ought to thank
God that we are able to relieve the distresses of
one human being. I trust there will be some suit-
able provision made until we can establish an in-
sane hospital here, i hope there will be no ob-
jection to my proposition.
The question was put, and the amendment of
Mr. Stanly was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. ~ I offer the following amend-
ment. I am afraid it will be ruled out of order,
but I desire the subject brought to the attention of
the committee:
For the purchase of a site, and for the erection of a
suitable building for the prone'i accommodation of insane
poisons, $110,(KK); the site to be ^elected, and the money to
be expended under the dire.-non of tiie President of the
T.uted States m the execution ot such plans as he may
Mopt.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that amendment in order?
ft is for the purchase of a site and the erection of
a building. The universal practice has been that
such amendments are not in order m this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
The Clerk then read as follows:
" For clerk lure, stationery., rent, fuel, and contingencies
in the completion of the census of 3850, $50,000.".
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether, in the estimate for that $50,000, there is
included the expenses of the Superintendent of the
Census Board whilst in Europe?
Mr. HOUSTON. The expenses of the Euro-
pean tour of the Superintendent are not included
nere. That is now a matter of contest before the
Department, which I hope will always be decided
against him. I have no particular fancy for the
keeping in of this $50,000. The estimate of the
Department was for $150,000, which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means reduced to $50,000. As
I have before said, I should not regret to see this
$50,000 stricken out, and the census matter brought
to its proper basis.
Mr. HEBARD. I thank the gentleman for the
information, which it was my intention to have
placed before the committee. !
Mr. F1CKLIN. I offer the following amend- I
ment to that section: !
Provided, That the salaries and emoluments of the Super- '
intendent of the Census Boatd and the clerks employed m '
that service, shall cease from and after the. first day of Sep- \
tetnber next, and no portion of tins fund shall under any j
pretext be paid to them for services rendered alter that day ; j
nor shall any portion oi ltbe used in paying for the pubhea- ,
Hon, or preparing for publication, any history ot the United |
States, or of the several States of the Union, now being ,
prepared by the said Superintendent, or his cleik>, or other ]
employees. ;
Mr. Chairman, m my opinion, the time has ar- j
rived in the prosecution of the taking and pubhea- j
tion of the census, and the various subjects con- |
nected with it, when the Congress of the United 1
States should know what is intended to be done. !
i am not now prepared to state exactly what the
making up of the census tables cost in 1840, but I
have been told that it cost $37,000. I have been
informed that the making up of the census for 1850,
up to the present time, has cost over §,200,000; and
we are now told by the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that $150,000
additional have been asked for by the Department.
That committee have only reported for the appro-
priation of $50,000, and they report that, not be-
cause they recommend it, but because the Census
Board is in existence, and demands some appro-
priation for the prosecution of its ordinary routine
of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I would suggest, if his object be to stop the
progress of this thing, that he had better move to
strike out the entire appropriation. On the first
of this month, there was an available balance for
their bureau purposes, of$70,000 in the Treasury.
Mr. FICICLIN. I do not know which would
be the better course. I propose to give them until
the first of September to wind up their business,
and to restrict all persons connected with this
Census Bureau from making any contract with
relation to the publication, or preparation for pub-
lication, of histories of the several States of the
Union. They haveshown aspecimen of that work
to us. I think myself that book-making is not apart
of the business of the Census Bureau. I wish to
placeu quietus upon their book-making. I desire to
prevent them makingcontracts,involvingthis Gov-
ernment in heavy, and almost countless expendi-
tures.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not know whether the
idea suggested by my honorable friend from Illi-
nois be a practicable one or not, unless this Con-
gress and this Government shall dispense with
the matter of taking the census altogether; and I
believe the Constitution positively enjoins that. If
he is determined a book shall not be made, the
matter is at an end. How is the world to know
anything about the taking of the census, unless
you publish the statistics, and facts contemplated
by the taking: of that census?
Mr. FICKLIN. I do not object to the publi-
cation of statistical information of the enumera-
tion of the inhabitants of this country; but 1
object to the making of histories of the several
States of the Union by the $1,000 clerks.
Mr. GENTRY. That is a change of the issue.
It is not that he objects to making the book, but
he insists upon prescribing what shall be the con-
tents of the book. That is always the question
when a book is to be made. I do not undertake
to say whether the plan of taking the census was
a wise one or not: but we all know that it was a
perfectly comprehensive and all-embracing one.
I am not prepared to give any opinion as "to
whether this historical branch of the business
should be published or not. I do not think this is
the right place to deal with the question. I think
it is questionable, if we have made a plan of exe-
cuting this thing originally, whether it would not
be the worst economy to turn back now and go
through with it again. Tf large sums have been
expended, and if items have been embraced in this
report that it would have been better to have left
out, now to stop and suppress the publication of
the book, involves the absolute waste of all of the
money already expended. We are to consider
whether it is economy to print it now, notwith-
standing there may be some things in it valueless,
upon the presumption that there is much in it
eminently valuable, which will be looked into by
those who shall in future days explore the events
of this age, to study the character of people at
this epoch of time, emd to compare it with the
state of things which shall exist when we shall be
in eternity longer than Adam has been. [Laugh-
ter.]
Looking to this book in every light,I am under
the belief that those who shall live when I have
been in eternity longer than Adam, would find it
a curious and interesting document. [Renewed
laughter. J f feel quite unwilling to suppress any-
thingm it. Let us send it down to posterity, and
let it be forever, in all future aces of time, one of
the cariosities which attach to this particular age.
Suppose we do spend a few dollars in publishing
this thing, collected at so much trouble and cost,
it will not ruin this Government, nor be a heavy
burden upon posterity. This will be an interest-
ing document, and f am not sure hut what the
history of the country is as important as anything
else.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. VENABLE. I move to strike out the
amendment entirely, because I am informed by
the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that they have already in their
hands $70,000 with which to finish the work they
were appointed to do. I believed, from the indi-
cations in the early part of the session, that a pro-
jecthad been formed to keep this Board for another
decade, and have them ready for the next census.
[Laughter.] From the specimen which has been
laid before us of the history of Maryland, I am
satisfied that if all the other histories which were to
be arranged for the several States of the Union
had no more merit than that specimen, they were
a libel upon history, without possessing the in-
terest of romance. 1 would sooner myself have
Robinson Crusoe divided into chapters and an-
nexed to certain portions of the work, because it-
is really and decidedly better reading. [Laughter.]
I voted for the amendment of my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ficklij*,] and that having failed, I am
for striking out the §50,000, because I desire that
this Census Board should come to an end. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
tells us that they have $70,000 already in hand to
pay all that has been done. According to the pro-
ject which has been presented to us, the census of
the United States will be in some seven or eight
volumes, and I do not suppose that one man m
fifty thousand would read the statistics which will
be contained in them. The necessary statistics—
those which the people really want, and which
were published by order of this House, at a cost
of some ten or twelve cents apiece—contained all
the information necessary and valuable to us.
The Senate, in looking over this matter, have
agreed to reduce them down to a single volume,
which will contain all that the people will read;
and for this reason I am willing, at the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to see the $50,000 stricken out; for I wish
that this incubus in the shape of a Census Board
to cease, and receive nothing further from the
public Treasury.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment,and I am opposed to it, among other reasons,
for this: that the gentlemen who are making an
attack upon this Census Board, and the conduct of
