1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
Mr. CASS, (to Mr. Hale.) Move to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I have sat very patiently, Mr.
President, and listened——.
Mr. CASS. Move to adjourn. *
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir; then I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Brodhead, Brooke,
Cass, FeJoh, Geyer, Hamlin, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Malloiy, Mason, Norris, Sebastian, Sumner, Walk-
er, ami Wliiteomb—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bernen,
Bradbury, Clarke, Dodye of Wis=eont-in, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fish, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, James, Mangum,
Milter, Peaice, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Stockton, Underwood, Upliam, Wade, and Weller—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Several Senators. " JNowlet ushave theques-
tion on the amendment 1"
Mr. BELL. 1 had made some preparation a
few days ago to give my views somewhat at length
upon this subject; but I have dismissed all inten-
tion of doing so on account of the anxiety of the
Senate to dispose of this bill. But now it becomes
necessary, inasmuch as I may differ with honor-
able gentlemen on this floor with whom I should
be very happy to agree, that 1 should state in a
few words the ground-on which I had expected to
give my support to this proposition. I believe I
stated to the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] that I could not give my support to it, '
unless some modification were made. That mod- i
ification has been proposed by him, either on ac- j
count of wha* I said, or perhaps from a desire ex-
pressed by other Senators also. I have desired from ;
the first, upon principle, and I expect a good deal
upon feeling, to sustain this Collinsline; but I have
said to some of the more earnest advocates of the
measure that I thought it would be more judicious
that this proposition should be brought forward
in some different shape from that in which it is
presented.
I do not pretend to have a very intimate acquaint-
ance with what is the cost of building or running
these .ships, or what are the probable losses which
have been sustained, and may be expected to be
sustained; nor am I able lo calculate what amount
of support this line must receive from the Govern-
ment/if it is sustained. But I have knowledge
' enough, and I gather it from the papers that have
been read and reported, and from the debates of
honorable Senators, to be satisfied in my own
judgment, that the running of the Collins line at
this time d-oes not cost $65,000 per voyage. If I
am wrong,1 hope somegentleman will correct me.
But still, that does not satisfy me that the amount
of compensation claimed ought not, injustice and
in libetahty, to be awaided for the support of this
hne, for the present. The suggestion that 1 threw
out with regard to bringing up the subject in a dif-
ferent shape was founded on this idea. I under-
' stood—from no verbal authority—I only infer it
from the papers exhibited by different honorable
gentlemen, that the estimate of the expense of run- !|
mng this line at $65,000 per voyage, is founded ji
upon the alleged original cost of these vessels, in j!
the first place. - i!
Mr. RUSK. No, sir. 11
Mr. BELL. I shall be very happy to be cor-
rected in any item. But! will go through with j|
the enumeration of the basis of the calculation of l!
this cost of §65,000. If it be based on the ordi- |
nary mode of calculating cost, I think I am right, jj
The elements of that calculation must be founded
upon the original cost; and when you have the J|
cost, you can estimate the interest and other items |j
of expense. Putting the cost at $3,000,000, the I
interest at six per cent, would be §180,000. That J
is one element of the cost per annum. j
Mr. BADGER. The interest is seven per cent. :
in New Yoik. j
Mr. BELL. I calculated it at six percent. An-j
other element of the cost in making up the average j
expense per voyage to $65,000 is, the insurance i
upon theinvestmentintheships. Estimating that j
in this country at six per cent., it will amount to j
$180,000 more. Then another element, and per- |
haps a more important one than either of those I ,
have named, is the deterioration of these vessels. ;
t have put that at ten percent., including all the i
ordinary repairs of the v^sselsand theirraachinery. j
These 1 consider the true elements of the expense i
! for running these ships one voyage, so far as they
i go. The insurance upon $3,000,000, the interest
j upon $3,000,000, and the deterioration of the four
i vessels at a cost of nearly $3,000,000, calculated
I at ten per cent., which last item amounts to
I P00,000, making an aggregate cost per .annum of
$660,000. Add to this sum the salary of officers,
the wages of seamen, and the cost of fuel and of
provisions for the year, and then divide by the
number of trips during the year, and you have the
average cost of the trip or voyage to Liverpool and
back. I have put the loss by deterioration at ten
per cent., though I see that the honorable Senator
from Texas has put it at seven per cent. I think
that ten per cent, is not too high, if we include or-
dinary repairs.
Mr. MILLER. It is rather too low.
Mr. BELL. It should, perhaps, be twelve per
cent. But this is sufficiently accurate for the pur-
pose of my statement.
If the honorable Senator from Texas should
answer me upon this point, there is another ele-
ment which f wish to know, whether it is proper
to introduce into the calculation or not. As I un- ■
derstand, this $65,000 per trip, based upon these ■
elements, so far as they go, is not all. The :
#65,000 is not the average cost of recent trips; it
is the whole cost upon the twenty-eight trips
which these steamers have made during nearly
two years.
Mr. RUSK. The cost is computed up to De-
cember last.
Mr. BELL. Undoubtedly. What I thought
would he more judicious and proper, would be to
state this fairly. Not that 1 suppose it was in-
tended to state it at all unfairly, but I w$nt it
stated so clearly that the country can understand
it; because the country will be startled by being-
informed that these lines cannot be run without a
government bounty of $808,000 per annum. This
$65,000 includes the average cost of all the trips,
and therefore includes the earlylossesincurred by
the first experiments made by these vessels. I
understand they did not know how to estimate
the quantity of coal which would be necessary for
their voyages, and, consequently, they found them-
selves out of coal mid way of some of their first voy-
ages. Hence there was a great loss of time, which
makes a further element in estimating the cost so
as to find the average expense of these twenty
trips, or more. The $65,000 includes also, the
breakage of the machinery of the Atlantic, and her
long detention in England, which, I suppose,;
alone must have been upwards of $100,000; per- |
haps §200,000. The immense loss consequent j
upon want of proper skill in making the ma- j
chinery, is to be included. I presume I am right I
in making this estimate an element in making up '
the cost of $65,000 as the average expense of each !
trip. Am I not right? i
Mr. MILLER. I cannot say, sir. J
Mr. BELL. I presume I am right. I beg gen- j
tlemen not to misunderstand me. I do not think j
that a fair consideration should not be given to all j
these circumstances. These vessels, as I under- j
stand, cost about $200,000 each, more than they !
would have cost, if the machinery proper for the ,
purpose of building their engines hau existed in the :
country before this enterprise was undertaken. I ,
apprehend that the cost of these four vessels to- j
gether would have been §800,000 less than the {
Messrs. Collins would have had to pay, if we had j
the adequate machinery and the adequate skill for i
constructing engines of the necessary size; and if !
adequate experiments had been made to test that j
skill. This patriotic company have made the ex- j
periment at their own risk, at a cost, as I believe, ;
of $800,000—which they would not have had to j
pay but for the experiment of constructing those j
ships, from the simple fact that no venture was ;j
made in this country on so large a scale at any j
previous time. Theveryobjectwhichtheyaccom- i
plished, of introducing large machinery for the j
manufacture of these great engines, I regard as a ;
boon to this country; and I beg to remind the Sen- :
ate, if I do not trespass on their patience, of a fact j
connected with this subject, which I read some I
fifteen months ago, I believe, in the book referred j
to by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
When the English Government resolved on ma- ■
king an experiment to test the value of screw pro-
pellers for war purposes, one of the first steps of ;
the Admiralty was to give out a contract to eleven
of the best engine manufacturers in England and .
Scotland—not limiting the cost, but leaving a large
margin for the contractors to derive some profit—
by way of experiment. And further, to illustrate
the liberality, and not the liberality merely, but
the far-seeing policy and statesmanship of the
British Government, they gave out thirteen con-
tracts to the best ship-builders for thev construction
of the hulls of the vessels, in order that they might
obtain a model of the fastest running water-lines,
and at the same time vessels capable of carrying
the greatest number of guns. That was the con-
dition of England in regard to machinery; but what
was the condition of this patriotic company when
it undertook to put this line in operation? Then,
or a short time previous, on the construction of the
steamers Georgia and Ohio, by Law & Company,
no machinery of this description had been intro-
duced in this country—I am not aware whether
they preceded the Collins company or not—but I
say that the introduction of the machinery for the
purpose of constructing the engines of these ves-
sels as well as of the Georgia and Ohio, was an
immense benefit to this country. I do not know
how to estimate its value. Who can estimate its
value? But I should think if we were to put it down
at a million of dollars, considering all its results,
it would be a very pitiful calculation.
I had occasion to make inquiry of one of the
most experienced officers of the Navy not- long
since, what would be our condition if we were
suddenly called on to meet the Navy of England,
or that of any other maritime power of Europe,
and I inquired how many of these large steam-
ships could be constructed in a year. I ascer-
tained that only four of the largest steamers could
be built within a year. ,How is that? We have
plenty of timber, and we have navy-yards and all
the facilities for building vessels, but we have not
the machinery.' Even now, although we have had
machinery introduced for building the engines of
these large steamers, it is said that we cannot con-
struct more than four vessels of this description in
a year. The fact looked appalling to me. We
have machinery which will manufacture the en-
gines for the ordinary steamers of the Western
waters and for the coast trade of the Atlantic.
But the machinery which is required for the larger
engines, setting aside the cost, is such as cannot
be obtained upon an order. It must be built, and
it requires, perhaps, a year to construct one of
these large double engines.
1 look upon the introduction of that kind of
machinery into this country as a great point gained,
and although I have not consulted any one upon
that point, T think I may safely infer that the cost
of the introduction of such machinery entered
into the estimate of these ships. I do not.think,
therefore, when we have the skill and the' ma-
chinery which we now have, that the fitting out
! of one of these ships will cost more than $500,000;
' and if so, the co.st of four such ships would b©
$2,000,000. The insurance and interest upon that
would reduce the expense of running them, by
the difference of interest and insurance upon
$1,000,000, below what it is, estimating the cost at
I $3,000,000. It is a little surprising, that gentle-
men make calculations which they do without
knowing the elements of them. The cost of run-
ning these vessels, by the estimate which has been
presented, of ^65,000 per trip, undoubtedly in-
cludes the interest and insurance upon the $800,000
of the extra cost of the vessels, as well as all the
other losses incident to a first experiment of con-
structing and running vessels of this class. Now
the question is, ought we to throw upon this com-
pany the burden of these losses? Ought not the
country, in the exercise of magnanimity, to remu-
nerate these gentlemen for their patriotic feeling and
pub! ic spi rit ? I say they are entitled, for their public
spirit, to a compensation. I say, for myself, that
if this country will not compensate these gentle-
men for their losses in taking the initiative in build-
ing the^e ships, it must suffer in the estimation of
all liberal-minded men of every country I would
like to know what would be a fair compensation to
these gentlemen, for running these vessels at this
time, after all these experiments have been made.
Then we should show the country what we are
doing. I would then vote for a proper sum to in-
demnify them for the extraordinary cost of intro-
ducing this machinery of which I have spoken,
and the cost of these vessels, and the necessary
cost in making the experiments consequent upon
their introduction upon the ocean. I would make
