1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
'the country bear that loss, as far as my voice
could go. I am willing to do this; but I'am not
prepared to say that X would vote the $845,000,
proposed as an annual compensation to this coin-
pany for an indefinite time, or until the end of their
contract. But 1 am willing to indemnify the com-
pany for the necessary expense and losses in
taking the initiative in these experiments. X feel
that the honor of the country is concerned in it,
and that, as was observed by the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] the na-
tiorial spirit is kept-alive by it.
If the Senate desires to take the question, I will
conclude here; but I desire to state further, that,
as the proposition of the. Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badoer,] to limit the compensa-
tion proposed in the amendment offered by the
committee to the year 1854, may indemnify this
public-spirited company for the losses and extra
expenses incurred in a new adventure, I am ready
to give my vote in its favor; and we shall then be
able to see what the remuneration ought to be
thereafter, until the contract is closed. At first,
and before they had established any character,
travelers were afraid to venture across the At-
lantic in these vessels; they had to compete with
an old company; and people naturally held back;
but, having established a character for speed and
safety, I should suppose that both as regards pas-
sengers and freight, there will be a large increase;
and when the limitation of time proposed by the
Senator from North Carolina expires, we shall
have the means of calculating with some certainty
what the future protection and bounty of the Gov-
ernment should be.
Mr. HALE. I have never in my life known
the courtesy of the Senate to fail, except upon one
condition 
Mr. NORRIS. Will my colleague give way
for one moment?
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to say to my colleague
that I cannot. I gave way once, and I lost the
floor.
A Senator. Go on, go on.
Mr. HALE. When I was up before, I was
going to say that I .had sat patiently through this
long and protracted debate without opening my
mouth, and I suppose there are some Senators
who think that it must have been as great a trial
to me as to others of the Senate to sit through this
long debate, listening eagerly and patiently and
anxiously without saying a word; but that has
been my condition, and I have been amply repaid
for it; for I have been instructed by a vast amount
of eloquence in all its various characters—elo-
?uence forensic and didactic—for which I have
elt very grateful to the Senate in general, and to
some gentlemen in particular, who have aided to
enlighten me. But I felt still more grateful, still
more gratified, when I saw the complacency of
those gentleman who had addressed theSenate,and
enlightened our minds, so ready to call for the
question; and the complacency with %vhich they
voted" no," when somebody else rose and moved
an adjournment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I do not blame you, sir. [A
laugh.]
Mr, DODG-E. The Senator from Npw Hamp-
shire did not disclose the fact that he wished to
address the Senate, or I should have voted for the
adjournment I hope the Senate will accommo-
date him now.
[Cries of" Adjourn !" " Adjourn! "J
Mr. HALE. I do not know how a gentleman
can. understand that a man wishes to address the
Senate, except by his beginning to do so. I made
a "beginning, and the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] suggested that I should move to adjourn.
I made the motion, and the Senate refused to ad-
journ. I think we had better have a vote to-
night.
Several Senators. "Adjourn!" "Adjourn!"
Mr. HALE. No, no; you must have a speech
whether you take a vote on the question to-night
or not, because the floor is mine, and I promise I
will be very short, i say I could not but begrat-
ified with the complacency with which some gen-
tlemen refused to adjourn; but I excuse it on the
same ground on which a celebrated Mohammedan
conqueror justified the burning-of the Alexandrian
library. He said if it contained anything contrary
. to the Koran, it ought to be burned; and, on the
other, hand, that if there was nothing there but
what coincided" with the Koran, then it was un-
necessary and useless, and ought to be burned.
Mr. President, I do not expect to enlighten any-
body upon this subject; but I rose simply to say,
that from the beginning I have been in the situa-
tion of a friend of mine in one of ourNew Hamp-
shire towns at the time of a public election. He
was sent out among the voters to canvass, and to
see how they stood. When he returned, he said,
" In one district they are all Whigs'but four, and
they are doubtful—of which I am one." [A
laugh'.] That was just exactly my casein reference
to this amendment. I felt an earnest and anxious
inclination to vote for it from the first. I felt that
there was a sort of " manifest destiny" that 1
should vote for it; and it strikes me that the oppo-
nents of this bill who have undertaken to discuss
it on the supposition that it bears any analogy to
anything else have mistaken its character. Sir,
this belongs to the " manifest destiny" question.
[Laughter.] I suppose, sir, that we are bound to
have a contest with England in regard to superi-
ority in these matters, and the " manifest destiny"
is that we shall beat them. It belongs more ex-
clusively to that school of questions than to any
other, not excepting the question of the annexa-
tion of Texas, which was a pure one of " mani-
fest destiny," (my friend from Texas will excuse
me,) as exclusively to that school as any other
question which was ever before the Senate. Now,
1 confess that that is sufficient. It is said that one
good reason for anything is generally sufficient,
without any other. I recollect once hearing of an
attorney who got up in court to make an excuse
for the absence of his client. He said he had
many reasons—a dozen or fifteen good and sufficient
reasons why his client was not there, all of which
he would Jay before the court, if necessary; but
the first one that he had to assign was that his
client was dead, and could not come, [laughter,]
and the court very wisely decided that that reason
was sufficient, without adducing the other four-
teen. And, sir, it appears to me that this reason
of " manifest destiny" is agood and sufficient rea-
son why I should vote for this amendment. '
But, sir, there is one view of this question which
will influence my vote, and I shall vote for the
amendment without going into an examination of
these details, for I am not able to. go into them—
and it is this: I see, by a document to which the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr, Underwood] allu-
ded, that the Secretary of the Navy reports that
the annual expense of a ship-of-the-line of the first
class, is a fraction short of $300,000. I have it
from one of the members of the Naval Committee
of the Senate, that the actual expense is over
$300,000; but, in this report, it is put down at
$287,500; while a frigate of the first class is put
down at $186,000, and a steamer of the first class
is put down at §190,000. This expense has to be
incurred in one ship or another; and then comes
the question of a comparison as to the best mode
in which it should be incurred. To keep a/loat
one of this line of steamers, going to and from
Liverpool, making twenty-six trips a year, will
cost us, upon the rate of compensation proposed
by this amendment, something like $200,000 a
year. To keep afloat one of our war steamers
costs just about the same amount. It is put down,
in this report, at <$190,600. ,
In hastily looking over the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, i see that we have five of these
war steamers now afloat; of the frigates and ships-
of-the-line, I do not know how many, but we have
a vast number of frigates afloat. 1 do not know
that we have any ships-of-the-line afloat, and the
expenses of war steamers and frigates may be set
down, in round numbers, at $200,000 each, and
one of these steamers at the same expense. Well,
which will result in the greatest benefit to the
country, to all the interests of civilized society, to
all the interests which should commend themselves
to a patriot and a Christian—-one of those steam-
ers, making her trip semi-monthly, across the At-
lantic ocean, freighted with all the means by which
affectionate hearts are bound together; by all the
means by which the intercourse of civilized, social,
polished, and Christian soeiety is bound together,
and kept in operation, ministering to its elevation
in the highest sense, and advancing the great cause
of human progress, and the amelioration of the
human condition, by the multiplication of facili-
ties for the interchange of mutual benefits; or one of
your war steamers, which goes out in state, and
anchors at Mahon,or some other port in theMed-
iterranean, Pacific, or East indies, there lying in
idle state, making, possibly, one or two pleasure
cruises, and entertaining some semi-barbarian
chief, for which, by the way, a bill of expense will
be brought in, when the commander returns—in-
curring these expenses every two years > The
question that suggests itse(f to my mind is, which
of those two is the most meritorious? Which
is the mofe meritorious, your war steamer, which
goes out and effects no practical purpose under
heaven, except to make drafts upon your Treas-
ury, which ministers nothing to the civilization,
refinement, or progress of the age, and after
lying in idle state some two years, making and
receiving some few visits of ceremony, and then
coming home, having cost $400,000 per trip; or
one of the Collins line of steamers, which has
crossed the Atlantic some twenty-six times m the
same period, and ministered to all the great pur-
poses of social and civilized life, and in addition
to that, has been pouring treasures into your cof-
fers in the return of postages which she pays over
to the General Government?
It is this view which I have taken, which com-
mends this system and this measure, not only to
my judgment, but to my heart; and I say that if
these expenditures are to be made, let them be
made in such a manner that they shall minister
to something that is valuable, something that
will advance our progress, and for which, when
we have spent our money, we shall have the
satisfaction of knowing that it has been spent
for some great and noble purpose. These are
views which have not been presented to the Sen-
ate by any one of all the eloquent and distin-
guished gentlemen who have edified and delighted
the Senate on this subject, and then would not ad-
journ to give somebody elsea chance to say some-
thing. But. in my darkness these thoughts sug-
gested themselves to' me, and these are the con-
siderations which impel me to vote as I shall vote.
It is by this process of reasoning that I have come
to the conclusion to which I have arrived. Wheth-
er I am right or wrong, it is my own conclusion,
and one which I think can be demonstrated. And
1 will go still further. You may take home your
Saranac, Mississippi, and Susquehnnnah, and all the
rest of your war steamers, which are nothing on
earth but idle pageants abroad', and substitute for
them something which has the beauty of utility,
and that can minister to something besides na-
tional vanity. For these reasons I shall vote for
this amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it competent to
move to amend the amendment ?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. JONES. I propose to strike out " thirty-
three," and insert " twenty-five," so that the
amount of compensation shall not be $33,000 per
trip, but $25,000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. On that amendment I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer, and I desire that it may be read be-
fore I say anything, in order that the Senate may
more fully understand the purport of my observa-
tions.
Mr. WELLER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Let us hear the amendment
read first.
Mr. WELLER. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
The amendment offered by Mr. Cass was then
read, as follows:
And it shall be the duty of the Secietary of the Navy to
appoint a commission, composed of three officers of the
Navy and of two experienced scientific engineers, who
shall make a thoiouuh examination of the said vessels, and
who shall report upon their fitness for the purposes of war
in the various situations in which it might be necessary to
employ them, and whether they are such vessels as woufd
probablv be needed, having reference to the different ob-
jects of a military steam marine, together with any other
information which may be usetu! in forming an opinion of
the importance of such vessels to the public service; and
also what additional expense would be required to adapt
them to war purpose?; and such report shall be laid before
Congress, by the Secretary of the Navy, at the commence-
ment of the next session.
Mr. CASS. I wish the number of the officers
to be appointed left blank, so as to be filled here-
after.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to amend by striking out any portion of the amend-
