358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 22,
impression yesterday, that Governor Shannon had
not arrived in Mexico at the time the drafts were
received., I will show, by a letter from Shannon
himself to the Department of State, that he was in
the city of Mexico at the time the money was
naid The gentleman was equally in fault about
■ other things. He said that Mr. Calhoun was not
at that time Secretary of State.
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) The gentleman
has misunderstood me. I said that the mstuctions
of Mr. Green were from Mr. Sp.encer, and not
from Mr. Calhoun. Green was appointed by Mr.
' Tyler, and he went out under instructions from the
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Spencer.
Mr. GREY. I will show that Mr. Green s ap-
pointment as a ent to receive the money was from
President Tyler, and Mr. Calhoun the Secretary
of State. I think that the gentleman is also in
error in his remembrance of these documents, and
I will read them to correct him. I will read first
from the report of Judge Bibb, the Secretary of
the Treasury at that time. Here is Judge Bibb's
response, as Secretary of the lYoasury, to a reso-
lution of Congress:
Tre sury Department, January 25, 184.3.
Sir: I have the honor to submit to you the following
report on the inquiries contained in the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 31st ultimo, requesting you
to furnish ceitain information in relation to the installments
of indemnity payable by Mexico, under the convention
with that Republic ill April and July last:
This Department can only furnish the information
called for, as to '• who is the a cnt of the United States to
'receive said payments; under what authonty lie exer-
' cises the power of asent; and whether any, and what, ln-
' formation he has received from saiil agent on the subject."
On the 6th of August, 1842, the Hon. Waddy Thompson
was apprised that he had been appointed by you the agent
of the United States to receive the whole of the indemnity.
The power conferred on him, and then transmitted, author-
ized liim to appoint a substitute ; and, by virtue of that, au-
thority, he substituted the hou*e of L. S. Hargous & Co., by
whom all the installments heretofore paid were received
and tiansinitted to tiic United States.
Tn April last, B. E. Green. Esq., then clmigd d'affaires
of the United States, was specially empowered to receive
the installment falling due on the 30th of that month j and
he was instructed by thj*. Department to make a similar ar-
rangement with Messjs. Hargous &. Co. as had been done
by the Hon. Waddy Thompson. This power was not in-
tended as a revocation of that to the latter gentleman, but
merely to prevent and meet any objection that might be
urged to the substitution of Messrs. Hargous & Co. being
considered by the Moxicau Government as at an end after
Mr. Thompson had returned to the United States. The
power to that gentleman was considered by the Department
as permanent until revoked, as will appear by the docu-
ments annexed to this report. The letter of Mr. Green,
herewith submitted,states all the information on the subject
of those installments which have been received from him
since hw appointment.
I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, GEORGE M. BIBB,
GEORGE M. BIBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the President ok the United States.
Mr. EDGERTON. How long is the gentle-
man going to take to make this personal explana-
tion ? T
Mr. GREY. A very short time longer. I .
shall have done as soon as I have read these doc- j
uments.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 cannot allow you more j
than five minutes more. !
Mr. GREY. I appeal to the courtesy of the |
gentleman from Ohio, and of the House, to allow
me to make this explanation.
Mr. BAYLY. I would suggest to the gentle- [
man from Kentucky, that it would be inconve- j
nient for him to go into this matter as a personal |
explanation; but when the gentleman from Ohio !
fets through he can obtain the floor; and I hope
e will, and he will then have a whole hour to go
into it fully.
Mr. GREY. I think it is due to me that I
should have an opportunity of making an expla-
nation in relation to the letter which I read yester-
day, and I appeal to the House to allow me to
do it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I think this personal ex-
planation has occupied enough of my time, and I
must claim the right to proceed with my remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
claims his right to the floor, and will therefore
proceed.
Mr. EDGERTON continued. There is one
other matter to which I wish briefly to allude,
and that is, the allegation that these parties did not
make any money by this transaction—that there
was no money advanced to them by the Govern-
ment of the United States, but that they them-
selves made the advances to Mexico. Now, it
must be borne in mind that they sent an agent to
Mexico to draw these bills of exchange, and that
he did draw them. But they say that the United
States made no payment to the contractors except
to reimburse them for the money paid by them in
Mexico from their own funds, upon the presenta-
tion of their bill with authenticated receipts from
the Mexican Government. Now, if I understand
this transaction—though in this I may possibly be
in error—the Government of the United State® did
! make advances to these gentlemen—these con-
! tractors. They did make advances to them with-
i out being accompanied with authenticated le-
i ceipts from the Mexican Government. Why,
1 ment of Mexico, and the United States Govern-
ment advanced to these contractors, by their own
words and admissions, one million of money by
the first of March, when the payment was not to
be made until th&.first of June. The money was
advanced, though it was not accompanied by a
duly-authenticated receipt from the Mexican Gov-
ernment. Now, had there been a change in the
Mexican Government, and had they refused to
return the money advanced by Mr. Forestall for
Mr. Forestall advanced $650,000 to the Govern-
which they gave no receipt and no obligation,
except the promise to reimburse it when the pay-
ments were made—after the Government of the
United States had advanced the $1,000,000 to
these contractors to enable them to make the pay-
ment, what would have become of the $1,000,000
if the Mexican Government had refused to pay,
or the contractors were unable to pay ? Would
there have been any power in this Government to
compel the contractors to make the payment'
They could have said that the contract was made
in violation of the law, or, at least, that it was not
sustained by the law, and consequently there was
no obligation upon the part of the contractors to
make the payment. j
There is another view in which this subject may j
be considered. The Government of Mexico want j
this three millions of money, and it is known to
every gentleman in any way familiar with the j
subject that they want it here, and do not want it
anywhere else. Now, the simple question arises,
shall we pay this money here, or shall we again i
permit the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Sec-
retary of State, to make another contract with
foreign capitalists by which they will make mil-
lions out of us, when we are in no way under ob-
ligations to them, for they are attempting to crush
us in every possible way ? But we are under obli-
gations to our sister Republic of Mexico; and if
we are to appropriate it to the interest of any one,
we ought to consult the interests of the Mexican
Government. So let us make this payment in
such a manner as to consult the interests of that
Government, and not those of foreign fcapitalists.
I believe the amendment submitted by the honor-
able gentleman from California [Mr. Marshall]
comprehends this part of my argument. I believe
its effect will be to enable the President, or the
proper Department, to make such an arrangement
with Mexico for the payment of the money as shall I
be satisfactory to them, and that the money may j
be paid here. If such be the fact, then it accords
with my view of the case; and whenever this bill j
comes up with such an amendment attached to it, j
I will support it. But when it comes up in any I
other form, or one in which the Secretary of State
or the Secretary of the Treasury shall have the
power to make any arrangement with any foreign
banking house for the payment of this installment
to the injury of Mexico, I will not vote for it. I
will not vote for any act by which this Govern-
ment is to be in any way connected with a foreign
banking house. I will now yield the remainder of
my time to the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Grey.]
Mr. GREY. I will now proceed to read the
letter of Mr. Thompson, in which he says to the
Mexican Government that he has appointed Har-
gous & Co. as the agents to receive, receipt for,
and transmit this money to the United States;
Mr. Thompson to Mr. Bocanegra.
Legation ok the United Statfs or America, )
Mexico, July 29, 1843 )
The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America, has the
honor to acknowledge the receipt of tile note of 1ns kxcel
lency Jo.-Y' Alalia de Bocanegra, Mimstei of Foreign dela-
tions and Government, of tins date, informing the under-
signed that the Mexican Government is prepared to.pay
to-day the second installment under the Convention ol tlie
31st of January last.
The undersigned begs leave to inform your iixceilency
that he has given full powers to Don Emilio. Voss, of the
house of L. 8. Hargous & Co., to receive and receipt for
the same; and begs to renew to your Excellency tile assur-
ance of his most distinguished «™f^°5^0MP80N.
His Excellency Jose Maria jde Bocanegra,
Minister of Foreign Relations and Government
J of the Mexican Republic.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] yes-
terday was under the impression that Mr. Voss
was not of the house of Hargous & Co. Now 1
will read further, for the.benefit of the gentleman
from Virginia, to see what he says about Mr. Voss:
"There was some doubt as to this Inst payment being
made; and although, as I wrote you, I had intended to have
left here in Januaiv, I felt it to he my duty to wait until the
installment became due. 1 think, with prudence and a Ut-
ile forbeaiance on the part of the head of this legation, the
other payments will he made. I am much indebted for the
punctuality in the two last payments to the untiring efforts
of Mr. Voss, the partner of Mr. Hargous, resident in Mex-
ico and to the great influence which he has with the Mex-
ican Government, and the aid which he is able to give the
Government in negotiating loans tor the balance ot the m-
stall ment, which they may need."
Mr Green's appointment to receive the money
was dated April 26,1844, when Mr. Calhoun was
Secretary of State. It is as follows:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting: . ,
Know ye, that, reposing full confidence m the integrity
and prudence of Benjamin E. Green, Secretary of the Le-
gation of the United States at Mexico, I do hereby empower
him to demand and receive from the proper
the Mexican Republic the money due to the United States
bv that Republic on the 30th of this month, pursuantto the
second article of the Convention between the two Govern-
ments of the 30th of January, 1843; and! do hereby further
empower the said Benjamin E. Green, on the payment of
the money aforesaid, to give full acquittances for the same;
and he is further authorized to appoint a substitute or sub-
stitutes, to act for him in the premises, in as full and ample
a manner as he is by these presents authorized to do; and
I do hereby ratify all his acts, and tlio acts ol his substitute
or substitutes, in the premises.
In testimony whereof, I have caused the seal of the United
Stnfps to be hereunto affixed. . ,
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, the
twenty-sixth day of April, m the year of our Lord
fx,. s I one thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and of
the independence of the United States the ®'xty-
eightta. J0HN TYLER.
By the President:
J. C. Calhoi's, Secretary of State.
The gentleman from Virginia is mistaken in that
also. Now, here is a letter from Mr. Green:
Mr. Green to Mr. Bocanegra.
Legation ok the United States of America, >
Mexico, May 18,1844. )
*******
Several days have elapsed since the undersigned, cliarg|
d'affaires of the United States of America ad wte-nm, had
the honor to receive the note of his Excellency J. M. de
Bocanegra of the 6th instant, in which note his Excellency
promised that the installment due on the 30th ultimo should
be paid on the following day, (the 7th instant.)
The agent authorized to receive the indemnity has daily
applied for payment at the Ministry ot Hacienda; but, up
to this moment, not a dollar has been paid. The under-
signed cannot refrain from expressing bis great surprise at
this failure on the part of the Mexican Government to meet
its solemn engagements—a surprise which has been much
increased by the communication of the 6th instant, above
referred to.
But, forbearing further comment for the present, the un-
dersigned respectfully requests that his Excellency the Min-
ister of Foreign Relations will, without further loss of time,
cause the said installment to be paid to Don Emiho Voss,
who has full powers to receive the tame.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to renew
to Ins Excellency M. Bocanegra the assurances of his high
consideration. BENJAMIN E. GREER.
His Excellency J. M. de Bocanegra, Minister,i>-c.
Thus Mr. Green, as the Secretary of State re-
ports, by order of this Government, continued
this same man m office, of the same firm, to receive
and receipt for and to transmit money to this
Government. And this same member of that
firm, Mr. Thompson compliments, and says this
Government is indebted to his influence for the
prompt payment of the money. This is in 1844.
Here is the note to Mr. Shannon, stating that the
money had been paid:
Mr. Rejon to Mr. Shannon.
[translation.]
National Pai.ace, Mexico, September 2,1844.
The undersigned, Minister of Foreign Relations has the
honor to acquaint his excellency the Envoy Eitiraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United states of Ameri-
ca, that his excellency the Minister of Finance I  i inform.ed
him, under date of the 27th of August last, t! at tl e install-
ment due on the 30th Apiil in this year, and: thatiue on the
30th of July last, pursuant to the convention of the 30th
January, 1843, have been paid to the agent appointed by
^Thetmdersigned
To his Excellency Wilson Shannon,
Envoy Extraordinary; <5'c.
