1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
mentof the committee Tor the purpose of inserting"
what has been read ?
Mr. CASS. Not at all; I intend to offer it at
the proper time as a separate amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Then the proposition now-
pending is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and on a division there
were—ayes 17, noes 23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
^ Mr. CASS. As the Senate have determined to
sit I will say what I have to say now, if the Sen-
ate will hear me.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator will give way
I will renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection that we
should adjourn now, if we do so with the under-
standing that we can devote to-morrow to the con-
sideration of this bill, I am anxious to have it
disposed of.
Mr. PRATT. No, sir; I shall object to that
decidedly. We have now devoted three days,
which properly belong to the consideration of the
Private Calendar, to the discussion of this bill,
and I shall object to its being done again to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Missouri persist in his motion?
Mr. ATCHISON. I do.
The question was then taken, and there were,
on a division—ayes 24, noes not counted.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 6, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts, having
asked and obtained unanimous consent for the
purpose, reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. APPLETON, of Massa-
chusetts, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Henry Kershaw, prating to be allowed extra pay as a pay-
master's cleik, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on CIai,ns.
COURTS IN DELAWARE.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The session of the cir-
cuit court for the district of Delaware is near at
hand, and at the same time the supreme court of
that State holds its session; consequently the cir-
cuit court cannot transact the business before it at
the time, as the lawyers are mainly engaged in
business before the supreme court of the State. A
bill has passed the Senate changing the time of
holding the circuit court of the United States in the
State of Delaware. This change will save expense
to the Government, and afford greater facilities for
the transaction of business before the courts m that
State.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House, in-
asmuch as the period for holding the courts has
nearly arrived, to report that bifl to the House,
from the Judiciary Committee, and to put it upon
its passage.
No objection being made,
Mr. McLANAHAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, without amendment
and with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill No. 136, entitled "An act concerning the ses-
sions of the courts of t'he United States in the
district of Delaware."
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. McLANAHAN. Ceitainly.
Mr. POLK. Did I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to state that the entire delega-
tion from Delaware are in favor of that bill ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I take great pleasure m
answering the question of the gentleman, and in
informing him that the Chief Justice of the United
States, who holds that circuit court, the Senators
from that State, and, I think, the distinguished
gentleman who represents that State upon this
floor, are all in favor of this bill.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and, having been read the third time, it was
passed.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to obtain the unani-
mous consent of the House to permit me to re-
port, for the purpose of reference, three or four
bills from the Committee on Public Lands. I
desire to leave the city for a few days,and I would
consider it a great favor to have that privilege.
Mr. OLDS. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
reports cannot be received.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House that I may be
permitted to report back from the Committee on
Commerce an important memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of New York, in
relation to the treaty between this country and
France, and its operation uponourcommerce; and
I do this for the purpose of giving it the right di-
rection—of having it referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Objection was made, and the report was not re-
ceived.
Mr. FREEMAN. I understood the House to
give its consent that I might make a report. The
members of the Committee on Public Lands having
the right to the floor, [ understand it is in order
that they may report, at all events. If one objec-
tion can prevent me from reporting, 1 desire to ask
the sense of the House upon that subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
business in order this morning is the consideration
of the report made by the Committee on Printing.
That report was made under a special rule of the
House, which gives the privilege to that Commit-
tee, at any time, to report; and that right carries
with it the right to consider the report when made
by thecommittee. That is the first business in
order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. FREEMAN. Does the Chair decide that
I have not the privilege of reporting this morn-
ing?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; none, under our
rules,,in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I understand the objection
made to my reporting back the memorial I have
spoken of from the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, is withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular business.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I believe the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] has the
floor, and I am upon it by his permission.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was upon the floor upon a question of
order, which the Chair overruled.
Mr. BAYLY. I only wantto say that I thought
the remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Freeman] were not understood. He stated
that he was desirous of leaving the city for a few
days, and hence wanted to make a report from the
Committee on Public Lands, merely for the pur-
pose of refeience.
The SPEAKER. Another appeal is made to
allow the gentleman from Mississippi to make a
report. Is it objected to?
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Seymour] asks the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a motion to dis-
charge the Committee on Commerce from the me-
morial of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, with the view of having it referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Is there any ob-
jection ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would say that this is an
important memorial, relating to a subject affecting
the whole commerce of the country; and the only
object I have is, to report it back to the House,
that it may be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, inasmuch as it relates to a treaty be- ;
tween this country and France. I think there can ;
be no objection to it. j
Mr. HIBBARD. I wantto inquire of the gen- |
tleman whether the memorial relates to the old I
treaty as to French spoliations, or to the oper-
ation of the present treaty ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. It relates to the present
treaty.
Mr. AVERETT. I object."
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and the
regular order of business is called for.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the rules of the House be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON,'of Arkansas. I wish to call
the attention of the House to one fact. Here is
one of our fellow-members, desirous of leaving
this city, and he has several bills which he wishes
to get off his hands previous to leaving. This is a
privilege always granted to members. He asks not
to put any bill upon its passage, but merely that he
may report them, get them out of his hands, and
have them put upon the calendar. We have never
refused anything of this sort, and I trust the -
House will allow the gentleman [Mr. Freeman]
to have the same privilege.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!" all over the
House.]
No objection was made.'
SOUTHERN ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAIL-
ROAD.
Mr. FREEMAN,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the fol-
lowing Senate bill, which was read, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed, viz: S. 72,
"An act granting to the State of Mississippi the
right of way and a donation of public lands, for
the purpose of locating and constructing a railroad
from Brandon to the eastern boundary of that"
State, in the direction of Montgomery, Alabama.
Mr. FREEMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: This bill forihe Mississippi road
has passed the Senate three times, and has failed
in this House on each occasion because it was not
reached on the Calendar before Congress ad-
journed; I hope, therefore, that the House will
indulge me with an attentive ear, while I state a
few of the leading facts connected with this enter-
prise.
The road from Brandon to the Alabama line
passes through a portion of the public lands, and
is ninely-three miles in length; it has been surveyed
and located, and the State is now engaged in
grading the road. The public lands through which
this road runs have been in market seventeen
years, and are the poorest quality of pine lands,
fey a law of the State of Mississippi, the assessors
of taxes have been required to ascertain the quan-
tity and the value per acre of all the public lands
in that State. I hold in my hand the official re-
turns of those officers, from which it appears
that the average value of the lands in ten counties
adjoining the line of this road is twenty-two and
a half cents per acre; and unless this road is
built, they cannot be sold at all. Hence it will
be seen that the Federal Government have much
to gain and nothing to lose by making this grant.
From Brandon, west, to the city of Jackson*
the State has completed thirteen miles of road, and
made it part of the same line. From Jackson to
Vicksburg on the Mississippi river, a railroad has
been in operation for many years; so that these
roads, when completed, will span the State, from
Vicksburg, on the Mississippi river, to the Ala-
bama line. The State of Mississippi has already
invested $400,000 in these roads. The State of
Alabama has chartered a road running from Mont-
gomery, the capital of that State, to connect with
the Mississippi road at the line of the two States,
and has made a large loan of money to acompany
to construct that part of the road. From Mont-
gomery, Alabama, to Savannah, Georgia, and to
Chaileston, South Carolina, there is a continuous
line of railroad, except fifty miles, from West
Point to Newnan, Georgia. These fifty miles are
already nearly graded, and will be in operation in
the course of a year. The completion of these
roads connects the great valley of the Mississippi
with the Atlantic ocean at Savannah and Charles-
ton. From these points, we have already steam-
boat and railroad communication with all the-At-
lantic cities, and thence to the interior of all the
Atlantic, Northern, and Western States and Ter-
ritories on the east side of the Rocky mountains.
