" 1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
Mr- Green to Mr. Calhoun.
Washington, Dcccinber 17^ 1844,
Sir : In reply to your inquiry, 1 am sorry to inform you
that none of the three la^t installments had been paid at the
tune I lei) ihe city of Mexico. It is true that the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Relations, by n«te of the 2d September,
informed Mr. Shannon that the two which had fallen due
on the 30th April and 30th July had been satisfied. This
note, a copy of which was at the time forwarded to the De-
partment, was r-ent to Mr. Shannon early on the morning
after he presented his credentials, a«<j. was written, as I
have reason to believe, m consequence of an impression
that the Mexican Government, by having failed to pay the
installment of the 30th Apnl,had forfeited its right under the
•convention of 1'843 to pay by installments, and that Mr,
Shannon was going out with instructions to demand pay-
ment of the whole indemnity under the convention of 1839.
The fact is, that various orders on the treasury were giv-
<en to the agent appointed to receive the installments; but he
could obtain no payment on these orders up to the day when
Mr. Trigueros left the Treasury Department, and the first
act of his successor was to suspend the payment of all orders.
While upon this subject, I beg leave to state that our
claims were used by the Mexican Government as a pretext j
for levying a forced loan. More than sufiicient to pay all
our claims was raised in this way; but a very small part of
it has been paid to our citizens, and the rei-t has been ap-
plied to other purposes. At the same tunf, it was declared
in the official newspaper that our claims were unjust, and
that the Mexican Government owed our citizens nothing;
but the forced loan was justified before the Mexican people
on the giound that the previous administration of Busta-
mente had pledged the national faith to pay those claims,
and that, although they were an unjust robbery on out part,
it was necessary that the national faith, pledged by Busta-
mente, should be maintained.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
If EM. E. GREEN.
Hon. John C. Calhoun, Secretary of State.
I have good authority for stating that one of the
members of the firm of Havgous & Co. was a
brother to the Minister of Finance in Mexico.
I will show the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.
Bayly] that his memory did not serve htm cor-
rectly in another instance. He reports that Mr.
Shannon, the Minister wiio succeeded Mr. Thomp-
son, was not in Mexico the 27th of August when
this money was paid.
Mr. BAYLY, The gentleman is mistaken; so
far from saying that Mr. Shannon was not in
Mexico at the time to which the gentleman alludes,
I said he was there at that time. His creden-
tials were presented on the first of September.
Mr. GREY. I, and I have no doubt this House, ;
misunderstood the gentleman on yesterday. He j
was understood as charging that Green had re- |
ceived this money and had embezzled it; for Mr. |
Green was at that time the agent of this Govern- j
ment, remaining there as chargc d'affaires after |
Mr. Thompson had left, and that the money was j
paid before the arrival of Governor Shannon. If
this gentleman admits that Governor Shannon
was there when Mr. Rejon says the money was
paid, why, the House, the country, and the |
whole nation will know that the Secretary of Le-
gation could not control the payment, but that it
must be made after consultation with the Minis-
ister. The Minister would control the Secretary,
and the Secretary was only the medium by which
the Minister could communicate with the Govern-
ment. I will read from the first letter of Mr.
Shannon:
Sir : I had the honor to inform you, by my note of the
28th ult.j of my arrival in this city, and the di&agreeable
occurience that I encountered on the road.
A short tune before my arrival, Mr liocanegra had re-
tired from The State Depaitment, and Don Manuel C. Rejon
had been appointed in his place. The retirement ot Mr. |
Boeanegra is said to have been voluntary. !
On the -27th ultimo X addressed a note to the Secretary of i
Foreign Relations, informing him of my arrival m this city, i
and desiiingto be informed of the time and place at which I :
could be permitted to present my letters of credence to the ;
President of the. Republic. £ was advised in due time that j
I would be received by the President, at his palace at Ta- j
cubaya, on the 1st instant. I accordingly attended, in com- \
pany with Mr. Gieen, at the tune and place designated, and ,
was received bv the President with all the courtesy and re- ,
spect that I could have desired. (See Nos. 1, 2, and 3, ac-,
companying this dispatch.) ^ j
Thus it appears that Mr. Shannon was in Mex-
ico at the time the Minister of Finance stated !
that the arrangement harl been made. Now, the !
gentleman from Virginia was in error in saying :
that this letter stated that the money had been ;
paid at the time and in accordance with the terms \
of the treaty. On the contrary the letter stated :
that on the 27th of August, the installment due on
the 30th of April, and that due the 30th of July, ,
had been paid to the agent appointed by these i
States, but that this notification had been delayed ,
in consequence of the vast business of that de- ,
partment. :
I will refer also to a letter from Mr. Green to i
Mr. Calhoun, in which it appears that a call had !
been made by Mr. Calhoun for additional inform-
ation in relation to the payment of that money,
in which letter Mr. Green states, that before he
left the city of Mexico, the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Relations, by a note of the 2d of Sep-
tember, stated to Mr. Shannon that the payments ;
for April and July had been satisfied, which note 1
was written, as I believe, from animpression that j
the Mexican Government had forfeited their right j
under the convention to pay by installments, i
and that Mr. Shannon had instructions to demand ;
payment of the whole indemnity at one time. The |
fact is, authorized orders were given to the agent !
of this Government to receive these installments. !
But he never obtained payment upon them, uplo !
the day when Mr. Trigueros left the Treasury De-
partment, and the first act of his successor was to
suspend the payment of all orders or drafts upon
the Treasury.
I will state that just about the time Mr. Shan-
non arrived in Mexico, the Government was on
the point of a revolution. On the 21st of Septem-
ber Mr. Shannon forwarded a letter to the State
Department, stating that President Santa Anna
had a large military force under his command, and
that he was endeavoring to induce the Mexican
Government to believe that with that army he was
going to reconquer Texas. Mr. Shannon, in his
letter of the 12th of November, states that the letter
from the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs to
him was of such an insulting character as to com-
pel him to suspend all diplomatic intercourse.
That was the situation of the Mexican Govern-
ment at that time. They were unable to pay.
They had not the money, and had failed to make
the payment; but Mr. Green urged them from
time to time, and finally they agreed to give to the
agent appointed by Mr. Green, with the authority
of this Government, drafts, which the agent ac-
cepted upon conference and consultation with Mr.
Shannon, who wets in the city of Mexico at that
time, in performance of the duties of his mission, j
I will read a line or two from Mr. Shannon's Iettei: >
"The note of the Mexican Minister of the 31st ultimo is so
insulting, both in its language and chaiges, to the Govern-
ment and people of the United States, and is such a flagrant
breach of those rules of couitesy that should characteiize
international diplomatic intei course, that I felt my self called
upon to demand that it should be withdrawn."
And he says, in relation to the claims of Amer- ,
ican citizens, in the same letter: j
" Until Congress lake* hold of this subject, and gives this ;
Government distinctly to understand that the claims of our
citizens must be adjusted ui a fair and just manner, I do not
believe anvtbing can or will be done. The whole tendency
of tilings in this country is downward ; and theie isgieat
danger, if those claims are postponed a few years longer,
that they will be entirely lost to our citizen^."
Thus it is seen, that under the apprehension
that they would be entirely lost, the agent of the
Government received these drafts. He feared, as
the tendency of things there was downward, that
unless this Government collected these claims im-
mediately, they would lose them altogether. I
have not the correspondence before me, but I am
told that when Mr. Slidell was there, and refused
to be .received by the Mexican Government, he
states that the drafts were then there and unpaid.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the House will indulge
me, I will recapitulate a little, because here is a
charge made upon the floor of Congress by a man
of as high character as any in this Hall—the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
—against a man who has always sustained a fair,
a high, and an honorable character; and who,
when a very young man, was intrusted by the
Government in the important capacity of charge
d'affaires to Mexico, and, in relation to whom,
Mr. Calhoun himself stated, and also other emi-
nent men, that, although a young man, his cor-
respondence was conducted with as much ability
as that of any of our foreign legation. I have
shown that the gentleman is in error in supposing
that Mr. Green received this money, or that a
merchant other than a member of the firm of Har-
gous & Co., was authorized by him to receive
it. I have shown, by the report of the Secretary
of State, that Mr. Thompson was authorized to
appoint agents to receive, receipt for, and trans-
mit this money to the United States. Mr. Green
was instructed by the Treasury^ Department to
continue the same agent to receive the money,
and Mr. Green appointed the same house, and
the same member of that firm, who had been
appointed by Mr. Thompson to receive it in the
city of Mexico. The money was not paid, but
that agent received drafts, and the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] admits that the drafts were
received, but have never been p^id.and gave re-
ceipts for them, which receipts stand as payment
by Mexico against the United States. The drafts
were never paid. I know that when this transac-
tion occurred, and when it was stated by Mr.
' Rejon that this money was paid, that the Minister
who succeeded Mr. Thompson was m Mexico.
Now I appeal to the House, I appeal to the
magnanimity and liberality of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to withdraw the charge
that Mr. Green was guilty of a transaction m
reference to that money "which should have sent
him to the penitentiary. This charge he makes,
at the same time stating that he is a lawyer, a
judge, and had been highly honoied by his State,
and I deem highly honored of this House, as the"
chairman of the Committee of "Ways and Means
of the last, and now as chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations of this Congress. Now with
ail of these facts before him, positively disproving
any impropriety upon the part of Mr. Green, will
not he withdraw the imputation of error cast upon
him? Mr. Shannon was there on the 27th of
August, when the money was paid, as is shown
by his own letter—how long previous to that
time the documents do not show. The letter of
tlie Minister of Finance of Mexico shows the
arrangement for the payment of the money was
entered into-on the 27th of August.
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Kentucky assumes what all those who at-
tended to my speech yesterday must know I did
not say, that I distinctly charge that Mr. Green
had received this money. I did not so charge, as
the report of my speech will show, for this whole
matter was involved in doubt.
I put the alternative in my speech as distinctly as
I could m my hour, and I think the House will
bear me testimony, that I put the alternative that
the money had been either received, or it had not.
If received, it had not been accounted for, and if
it had not been received, that Mr. Green was in-
strumental in deceiving our Government, so as to
cause that Government to make good the default.
He had been instrumental in deceiving the Minis-
ter, and, in consequence, the Minister had not
pressed the demands that he was instructed to
make, and that in the mean time the Mexican war
broke out, and the whole thing went by the board.
Mr. GREY. The Minister was in the city of
Mexico, with plenary powers from this Govern-
ment, at the date of this arrangement with Har-
gous & Co., and upon consultation, advised the
agent to accede to the arrangement, and, conse-
quently, Mr. Green could not deceive him. Our
Minister save to Mr. Green, his Secretary of Le-
gation, the note of the Minister of Finance, Mr.
Ilejon, of the 2d of September, and requested htm
to transmit the information there communicated
to our Government. 'In doing that he was only
performing his duty, as the medium of correspond-
ence between him and this Government. This is
all explained by Mr. Shannon and hyMr. Slidell.
It is explained in the Executive documents I have
here upon my desk. Mr. Green was authorized
to receive this money, and to appoint a substitute
for that purpose, and was instructed to continue
Hargous & Co. as agents to receipt for and trans-
mit it to the United States. As 1 have shown by
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, he was
authorized to substitute that firm, and, therefore,
Mr. Green is not responsible, for he complied
strictly with the letter of his instiuction. 1 am
glad that I misunderstood the gentleman from Vir-
; ginia, and that he did not make the charge. My
i impression at the time was, that he had stated
j that Mr. Green had received and embezzled this
money. But I inferred that he had made such a
I charge from his statement, that many a man who
! had not been guilty of a greater violation of law
I had been fent to the penitentiary,
j Mr. BAYLY If it is disagreeable to the gen-
'i tleman, I will not interrupt him. The remark I
] made, that I had seen men on not as strong testi-
I mony sent to the penitentiary, was in reference to
II Green's concealment of the truth, as I regard it,
' from the Minister, and through the Minister from
his own Government. I never said that Mr.
' Green had been guilty of a penitentiary offence,
,! but 1 said that I had seen men sent to the peni-
|! tentiary upon less conclusive testimony than that
l! which could show that he had concealed from the.
