1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
RAILROAD FROM VICKSBURG TO SAN DIEGO ON THE
PACIFIC.
The Committee-on Public Lands propose, by a
bill 1 am directed to report, to continue this south-
ern chain of railroa'd from Vicksburg, on the Mis-
sissippi river, directly w«st, to Shrevepoit, on
Red river, and thence to the Texas line. A sur-
vey of the route, from the Mississippi river across
the State of Louisiana to the Great Bend on Red
river, has been made by W. H. Sidell, civil en-
gineer, under the direction of the Federal Govern-
ment. He reports that the roote is in all respects
feasible, and that a railroad with' a single track,
with iron weighing sixty pounds to the yard, and
otherwise well constructed, will cost at the rale of
$18,313 per mile.,
I am informed by the delegation on this floor
from Texas, that the Legislature of that State has
already granted the right of way, and donated a
tract of land eight miles in width for the entire
length of the road, to aid its construction through
the territory of that State, a distance of about
seven hundred miles. The line of the road runs
through the heart of this great agricultural region,
and I am authorized to say that any reasonable
quantity of lands, necessary to insure the con-
struction of the road, will be freely given by Texas.
SURVET OF CAPTAIN MARCY.
• In pursuance of ao order of the War Depart-
ment, ah accurate survey of the country from
Preston, on Red river, through the center of Tex-
as, to El iPaso del Norte, has been made by
Captain Marcy, of the Topographical Engineers;
and the official report of Captain Marcy will be
found at length in Senate Document No. (>4, pages
from 169 to 233, of the First Session Thirty-first
Congress.
The following description of the country will be
found at pp. 224-'5-'6-'7:
" By a reference to the map, it will be scon that we kept
near the plain upon the head branches of the Colorado and
tho clear fork ofthe Brazos. Here we found a smooth road
over a gently-undulating country of prairies and timber,
and abounding with numerous clear spring branches for two
hundred miles, and, in many places, covcied with large
groves of me^quite timber, which makes the very best of
fuel. The soil cannot be surpassed for fertility. Thepraw
remains green during the entire winter, and the climate is
salubrious and healthy } indeed, it possee-sun ail the requis-
ites that can be desired for making a tine agncultutal coun-
try; and I venture to predict, that at no very distant period,
it will contain a very douse population. It rs only neces-
sary fur our farmers to Bee it, and have protection from the
Incursions of the Indians to settle it at once."
*******
ei As there is grass on this route at all seasons of the year,
itean bo traveled at any time. It is true,that the old grama
grass dries up early in the spring, but appears to euro like
nay, and does not ioso its nutritious properties.11
*******
u From all I can learn of the other routes to California,
1 am induced to believe, that should our Government at
any future time, determine upon making a national road ot
any desciiption across the continent, the southern route we
have traveled is eminently worthy ot consideration We
find upon none of the northern routes as much water, tim-
ber, or rich, fertile soil, as upon this. There are many
more mountains to pass over, and during a part of the year
they are buried in deep snows.
" I have been kindly allowed the perusal of a letter writ-
ten by an officer of the army—an attentive and experienced
observer of nature—who has recently passed over that por-
tion of the northern route between Fort Kearny and Fort
Laramie, in which he speaks of the country in the follow-
ing language:
4i 4 Toe country between Fort Kearny and Fort Laramie
Ms a vast, undulating, sandy desert—but little wood or
* water—totally destitute of interest, and utteily worthies*,
1 and must remain so forever: it never can be inhabited to
'any extent, as there is no soil, and the seasons are too
<'ohort.',J
"The distance between these two places is three hundred
and sixty five miles. In one place, wood lor cooking has
to be carried for three consecutive days, in wagons, and, m
several places, it is necessary to carry water.
"The road'from Independence, after passing through a
country of poor soil, and very destitute of wood for a great
distance, passes over lofty and rugged mountains near
ftanta F6,
" Lieutenant Colonel Emory states that the arable «nil
upon this road extends to the ninety-ninth deuiee nf longi-
tude. Therefore, if a road could be made from the Mis-
souri river to California, it would pa*<? through a very
barren country, which could not be settled or improved;
whereat, one constructed through the country we have
popped over, from Dona Ana to Port Smith, wi'th the pro.
tectlon which a chain of military posts along the route
would afford, would open a vast tract of beautiful country
to the nonce of agriculturists, and would be settled m a
very short dine.
*' The advantages which this route possesses over others,
adapt it, in a preeminent degree, to the construction of a
railroad. For the reasons I have mentioned, and from all
the examination and consideration which ] have been ahle
to give the subject, I cannot resist the strength of my own
convictions, that any experienced and impartial engineer,
after a thorough and careful reconnoissance of all the dif-
ferent routes, would at once give this the preference over
any other.
ii From Dona Ana, or El Paso, to near where we crossed
Red rivei—a distance of seven hundred railed—there are,
probably, as few difficulties to encounter as upon any
other road that can be found in our country. Throughout
this entire distance, it would not be necessary to make a
single tunnel, or to use a stationary engine. There would
be but few heavy excavations or embankments; and, for
a gieatpoitiou ofthe distance, the surface of the earth is so
perfectly firm and smooth, that it would appear to have been
designed by the Great Architect of the Universe for a rail-
road, and adapted ajid fitted, by nature's handiwork, for the
superstructure. There is an abundance ofbailduigstone, and
an inexhaustible amouutof mesquite timber, which, for its
durability, is admirably adapted for use, as sleepers and for
fuel.
" From Red river, it would be carried to Fort Smith with-
out difficulty, or to any other point that might be selected.
Tins, united with a railroad from the Rio Grande to the San
Diego, would give us a great national highway across our
continent, fiom the Atlantic to the Pacific, in a very direct
line, and would enable the traveler to pass safely and com-
foitably over a distance in a week, which, befme, required
four months of toil, hardship, and danger. It would afford
our Government a cheap and rapid transit for troops and
munitions of war,-and would enable us to communicate
with our far-distant Temtones m a few hours.
"These considerations, in connection with the vast and
incalculable commercial benefits that the whole civJized
world would receive, would render it a monument to the
genius, enterprise, and philanthropy of the American peo-
ple/'
SURVEY OF MAJOR EMORY.
From El Paso del Norte, we have the survey of
Brevet Major Emory, of the United States Topo-
graphical Lngineeis, from which we learn that the
country west of El Paso del Norte to San Diego,
is similar to that described by Captain Marcy, and
presents no obstacles to a railway.
With regard to the harbor of San Diego, Major
Emory says:
"At present, San Diego is,all things considered, perhaps
one ot the best haibors on the coast, from Callao to Puget's
Sound, with a single exception—that of San Francisco.
In the opinion of some intelligent navy officers, it is piefer-
able even to this. The harbor of San Francisco has moie
water, but that ot San Diego has more uniform climate, bet-
ter anchoiage, and perfect security from the winds in any
direction. However, the commercial metropolis must be
at San Francir-co, owing to the gieater extent and superi-
ority ofthe country adjacent, wateied by the itver  Sacra-
mento and San Joachim, unless, indeed, San Diego should
be made the (erminiisof a railroad, leading by the route oj
Ike Gila to the Del Norte, and thence to the Mississippi and
the JMuntic."
SURVEY OF MAJOR COOK.
Major Cook, ofthe 2d United States Dragoons,
explored the same country, and in his official re-
port, says:
" I left the river (Rio Grande) when in view of a point
marked on the common maps as'San Diego,'on the Del
Norte, and the distant view towards El Paso, proved the
country to be unbroken and comparatively leveLi>
After describing the country thence to San Die-
go, on the Pacific, as unusually level, Major Cook
concludes his report as follows:
" The Uio Grande bottoms, for a hundred miles above,
and at the point where I left, are well timbered.'1 * "*
" Hock h everywhere to be had, secondary rocks ofalmost
every kind ; but by tins wonderfully level route the conti-
nent may be passed with scaicely a view of granite. As far
a^ Teiwm, the grama gias1: ?\ abundant, it will fatten
cattle irMe working and in winter The route from Teu-
son pas«o« thtough a countiy abounding m exceedingly rich '
goldmines."
SURVEY OF THE BOUNDARY COMMISSION'. '
John R. Bartlett, Esq., the present chief of the •
Mexican Boundary Commission, under date of;
September 2], 1851, writes to the Secretary of the j
Interior as follows: (
"/am now enabled to slate,with great mtisfaction.that I
! the direct i out a traveled by the commissions nearly west \
1 from *djo dc I'a at, is a route far moie practicable Jor a •,
j road or railway than that known as Cooh^s road ; that the '
i distance from water to water is less j that the hills and j
! mountains to be crossed arc infinitely less in. height, and \
i easier to paw ; and lastly, that there is a saving in the dis- \
| iance between thit route and Cook^iof mare than one hun- !
i dred miles. I say this with confidcnee, having twice been
| over Colonel Cook's road, neaily to the San Pedro."
i " To t-how the practicability of our route for wagons, t
will state that Lieutenant Whipple had one wagon, Mr.
Gray and myself another, and Colonel Giahatn three, ma-
king five in ail, which came through without difficulty.-''
This completes the satisfactory evidence us to '
the entire feasibility of the route. •
San Diego on the Pacific, Vicksburg and Jack- |
son, Mississippi; Montgomery, Alabama; and j
Charleston, South Carolina, are all in a direct, line j
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, of nearly thirty- ,
two degrees north latitude. El Paso del "Norte is i
about fifty miles south of this line, and would j
curve the road to that extent. .
By the trea'y with Mexico, we have the privi- I
lege of constructing- a railway on the Mexican I
side ofthe Gila, if we find it either necessary or j
expedient to do so. j
GRANT OF LAND TO CALIFORNIA AND NEW MEXICO.
All that'is now necessary to be done to insure
the completion of this en tiro road, is for Congress
to pass the bills reported by the committee, grant-
ing lands to Mississippi and Louisiana for the
construction of the road through those States, and
to grant also to the territory of NewMcxic) and
the State of California a tract of land equivalent
to thirty miles in width on each side of the line of
the road, with the privilege of locating the land
on the northern side of the road, in the event that
it runs so near the Mexican line as to prevent its
location on the south side. Such a donation would
enable the Legislatures of that State and Territory
to put the road under contract for its immediate
construction.
By granting the right of way and the land to
the State and Territory5 and permitting those local
governments to control the construction of the
road, wc not only perform a hounden duty to those
infant republics, but avoid the objection of estab-
lishing a system of internal improvements by the
Federal Government. At the same time we bring
to our aid all the influence of State pride, State
interest, and State wealth;and the States, by their
local legislation, induce private enterprise and pri-
vate capital to enlist in the same cause. While
this powerful combination of interest and of capi-
tal cannot fail of success, it will bind the people
of the American Union together by u mutual self-
interest stronger than ail the ties of Federal legisla-
tion.
The integrity and perpetuity of the Union de-
mand the construction of this road. Nature has
not only prepared the surface of the earth for the
reception of the cast-iron horse, with all his par-
aphernalia, hut excavated the Rockv Mountains
for his transit, and profusely strewn his path with
all the necessary material 10 perfect his gigantic
race-course.
ROADS ALREADY CONSTRUCTED.
In fact, one half ofthe road is already finished.
There is now a continuous line of railway from
Watemile, in the State of Maine, through the
States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode
Jsland and Connecticut, to New York, 410 miles.
Prom "^few York, through the States
of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Del-
aware, Maryland, District of Co-
lumbia, Virginia, and North Caro-
lina, to Wilmington—thence by
steam-boat to Charleston, South
Carolina  670 "
From Charleston, through South
Carolina and Georgia, to Montgom-
ery, Alabama....   400 "
From Montgomery, Alabama, to
Brandon, Misssissippi, roads are
chartered and building  200 "
From Brandon to Jackson, and thence
to Vicksburg, a railroad is in oper-
ation  60 "
Making a continuous line of rail-
roads of.  1,740 miles,
fifteen hundred miles of which are
now in operation, and the remain-
ing two hundred and forty miles
rapidly constructing.
From Vicksburg to San Diego, via
ShreveportandElPasodel Norte, is 1,625 miles.
From Waterville, in Maine, to San
Diego, California  3,365 miles.
—showing 1,500 miles of the road now in oper-
ation, and leaving 1,625 miles to be constructed
west of the Mississippi. With the wonderful
facilities afforded by the perpetual mildness of the
climate, the uniform and firm surface of the earth,
the fertility of the soil, its numerous valuable pro-
ductions, and its capacity to furnish immediate
support to a dense population, together with the
abundance of the best building material every-
where athand, lam warranted in saying that most
of the road may be built at an average cost of
$15,000 per mile, which would make an aggregate
of $27,375,000 to build the road from Yicksburg
to San Diego.
PROBABLE PROFITS OF THE ROAD.
Having shown the feasibility of this route, and
its probable cost, let us now look at the profits that
would probably arise from it.
All the internal commerce of the United State?
