m
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
Minister, and through" the Minister from his own
' Government. This*is the true state of the case.
Mr. GREY. There certainly is no evidence
before this House, no evidence before the nation,
or in the executive documents of the Twenty-
eighth Congress, or in the State Department, that
I can find, that shows that Mr. Green deceived our
Minister. A few day& after the arrival of our
* Minister in the city of Mexico, he received a letter
from Mr. Calhoun, urging him in the-" strongest
and most emphatic manner to press for the imme-
diate payment of that money. Our indulgence to
Mexico, he statedr only seemed to induce her to a
greater unwillingness to pay the money, and he
requests him to be as urgent as possible. Mr.
vGreen, who was the agentappointed to receive this
money, in May wrote a dispatch to the Govern-
ment that he could not get it, and forwarded the
" copy of his letter demanding payment from the
'Mexican Government. Then, when Mr. Shannon
arrived there, would not he bring up this matter
as one of the first objects of his mission? The
money was paid after he got there, and the ar-
rangement for its payment was also entered into.
On Mr. Shannon's arrival, the whole matter was
turned over, by the Secretary of Legation, into
his hands.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky seems still to impress the idea that Governor
-Shannon had the control of the receipt of this
money. Now Governor Shannon is a constituent
and personal friend of mine, and 1 wish to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky, if he is not aware that
Governor Shannon could not have had any direct
control of the payment of this money whatever?
He knew nothing, and could know nothing,about
it, only as he received instructions from Mr.
Green, as to whether it was or was not paid. I
am not willing that the impression shall go out
from this House, that Mr. Shannon, in any man-
ner, had anything to do with the payment of that
money.
-Mr. GREY. The gentleman misunderstands
me, if lie supposes that I stated Governor Shannon
was in default, or that lie received any of this
money, or was guilty of any impropiiety. I say
that Mr. Shannon, our Minister, was in the city of
Mexico at the time the arrangement was made.
It was on account of her insolvency that tho money
was not paid, as a ievolution broke out there
soon afterwards. Mr. Green, when charge,
pressed, month after month, the Mexican Gov-
ernment to pay this money, hut still it was de-
layed. The Secretary of State, in his letters,
urged our Minister, Mr. Shannon, and agent, to
insist upon its immediate payment. Can any
man here show—docs the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Bayly] attempt
to show, that Mr. Green instructed the agents to
recei\ e these drafts > fs it not more probable that
Mr. Shannon and Mr. Green, and Hargous &
Co., consulted together in relation to the matter?
Mr. Green appointed, by the authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury, Hargous & Co. as
agents to receive and transmit this money to the
Government. Mr. Shannon says, in his dispatch
before me, that the tendency of things there was
downwards, and that unless the money was col-
lected immediately, our citizens who were the
claimants, would lose their claims.
Mr. PITELPS. In relation to this draft it was
stated by the Minister of Finance of the Mexican
Government, that it had been £>iven to Tayleur,
Jamison & Co., for the purpose of paying the in-
stallments of the 30th of April, 1844, and July of
tho saftte year. Mr. Slidell was instructed by Mr.
Polk's administration to inquire into the alleged
payment of the April and July installments. You
will find that Mr. Voss states, in the correspond-
ence, that the arrangement which was made with
the house of Tayleur, Jamison & Co. by himself,
as the agent of our Government, received the ap-
probation and sanction of Governor Shannon, and
he advised them in relation to it. The manner in
which the transaction occurred was this: The firm
of 1 ayleur, Jamison &• Co. were in IVIexico pros-
ecuting claims in their own right against the Gov-
ernment of that country. General Thompson,
our Minister at that place, had received a warrant
of attorney—as f may term it—from our Govern-
ment, instructing him to receive the amount of
money due under the convention of 1843, with the
power of substitution. He appointed Mr. Voss,
as he states in his correspondence to this Govern-
| ments as an agent, declining to have anything to dcr
: with this matter, and also inferring, from the in-
structions which were sent to him, that it was the
' wish of the Government that he should appoint a
j banker to manage the transaction and to transmit
: the money to the United States. Mr. Thompson
1 returned to the United States. The Admiraistra-
j tion Was informed that Mr. Voss still had author-
; ity to receive the m'oney. Mr. Green was never
i authorized to recrive any other installment than
| that of April, 1844, amounting to something up-,
wards of one hundied thousand dollars. He had
; also the power of Substitution; and, with the au-
i thority communicated to him, there was a letter
1 from the Secretary of the Treasury mstructinghim
to retain the agent appointed by Mr. Thompson;
; informing him, at the same time, that it was for
: the purpose of avoiding any cavil on the part of
| the Mexican Government in consequence of the
! departure of Mr. Thompson from the city of
I Mexico. Now, I come down to the transaction
t of August. On the 25th of August 
j Mr. BAYLY. Let the letter of Mr. Spencer
| be read.
j Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Virginia
I asks that the letter of Mr. Spencer be read. With
> the permission of the gentleman from Kentucky
I [Mr. Grey] 1 will read it:
; Treasury Department, JiprU 26, 1844.
j Sir : It is the wish and diiection of this Depaitiuent that
i any payment made you under the convention with Mexico
j may be transmitted hither under the anangement made by
i Geuetal Thompson with the house of Hargous, Brothers
: &. Co.
; Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
I ' J. C. SPENCER,
j Secretary of the Treasury.
' bcnjamin "e. gretn,
I Chargi d^AJfaires of the United States of America.
| I will now read an extract from the letter of Mr.
Bibb, Secretary of the Treasury:
" In Apnl last, I?. ft. Green, Esq., then Charc6 d'Affaires
of the United States, was specially empowered to leceive
the installment falling due on the'30th of that month ; and
Jie was instuietcd hy tins Department to make a fimiiar
nnamjenii'iii with Messrs. liaisons 6c Co. a* had been done
by the Hon. Waddy Thomp-on. Thi* power was not in-
tended as a revocation ot that to the latter gentleman, but
merely to prevent and meet any objection that might be
urged to the substitution of Messrs. liaisons & Co."being
considered by the Mexican Government as at an end after
Mr. Thompson had returned to the United States. Tile
power to that gentleman w.ss compered by the Department
as permanent until revoked, at? will appear by the docu-
ments annexed to this report. The letter ol Mr. Green,
herewith submitted, states all the mfounation on the sub-
ject of these installments which has been received from
him since his appointment."
The Secretary of the Treasury states expressly
that the only reason why Mr. Green was instructed
to continue the agency of the firm of Hargous
6c Co., was to prevent any cavil on the part of
the Mexican Government. They had collected
the first and second installment under the conven-
tion of 1843. But I was remarking now in rela-
tion to the manner in which this payment was
made on the part of Mexico. I have remarked
that the house of Tayleur, Jamison & Co. were
engaged in the prosecution, in their own right, of
claims, against the Mexican Government. ^They
made a proposition to the Mexican Government
that they would pay $274,000, the installments due
April and July, 1844, upon certain conditions.
I They were to pay to the Government of the Uni-
ted States these two installments in money, and
; were to receive orders upon certain branches of the
: revenue, which were to be anticipated. They had
y not been collected. One of these drafts was upon
, the custom-house at Mazatlan for the sum of
| $160,000; another draft was to be paid out of the
; revenue on tobacco; and there was another upon
the general Treasury to the amount of $60,000;
and other drafts as mentioned in their proposi-
tion. This proposition was made to the Mexican
Government on the 25th of August, 1844, but the
Mexican Government did not accede to it nntil the
27th of August, 1844. On that very day Governor
■ Shannon was in the city of Mexico. There is no
statement as to the time of his arrival. He on
that day addressed the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
: notifying the Government of his arrival there.
1 Mr. Voss, in his letter to Mr. Slidell, when that
gentleman was inquiring into this matter, stated
| that this whole transaction was under the advice
! and supervision of Governor Shannon.
The arrangement made by Voss with Tayleur,
; Jamison & Co., was immediately to-pay over this
j money to Mr- Voss, the agent of our Government,
i It was afterwards contended that there was a full
acceptance, on the part of this house, by which
they became obligated to pay to this Government
that amount, notwithstanding they had never re-
ceived the money which had' been stipulated in
their proposition and accepted by the Mexican
Government. The inquiry then is,what has become
of these drafts ? They were not paid in Decem-
ber, 1845; so Mr, Slidell reports, who was charged
expressly to inquire into this matter. There was
a correspondence between Tayleur, Jamison &
Co., and Voss, and Mr. Black, our consul at the
eity of Mexico, in relation to the matter. It was
not until Mr. Slidell reached the city of Mexico
that the authority given to Mr. Voss was revoked.,
and the fact was communicated to the Mexican
Government, not by Mr. Slidell, because he was
not accreditedy but communicated by our consul
at the city of Mexico, Mr. Black. The author-
ity previously given to Mr. Voss to receive this
money under the convention of 1843, was revoked
by the Government—revoked by Mr. Slidell. Now
in relation to the receipt given to the Mexican
Government. No receipt was given to the Mexi-
can Government until the 20th day of September.
That was the time the receipt bears date, although
it indicates that the money had been previously to
that time received. I can say the public docu-
ments show this fact—that in December, 1845, no*
portion of this money ($274,000) had ever been
received by the agent of the Government fro to
Voss, by Mr. Green or any of our diplomatic
agents in Mexico; but, on the contrary, they show
that they are the drafts still outstanding and un-
paid, and that the arrangement made by Tayleur,
| Jamison & Co. had never been complied with on
| the part of the Mexican Government., No one1
| doubts that. Neither Shannon, Green, or any
t other person got the money. The inquiry is,
i what has been done in this case? Under the 13th
i article of the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, we
! have remitted this amount to Mexico, and we
! have no right to claim it. I say that the 13th
| article of that treaty bears me out in the position
I take,that everything which was due the citizens
of Mexico under and by virtue of the convention
of 1843, should be remitted to Mexico, and that
we should become the paymasters for those of
our own citizens who claimed indemnity from
Mexico.
Let me tell you further m relation to this matter.
The Mexican Government, on the 11th day of
November, 1845, acknowledged the fact, that these
drafts had not been paid. *
Here is the original translation:
Don Emilio Voss, in this petition, prays that the re-
ceipt be returned to him which he Rave to this Genera!
Treasury for the amount of the two drafts which fell due
on the 3uth of Apnl and the 30rh of July of the last year,
on the foiced loan destined to the pajmeuts [of the debt] to
the United States.
It is ti uc, that the amount to which Voss refers was not
delivered to liim til effective fund-* by this Treasury, but or-
dei> were issued for the payment; for which reason, this
derailment considers that this business should be held as
flushed; find it cannot comply wiih his petition to havs
the receipt returned to linn, since, besides the confusion
[trastorno] which it would tiatmally oeea<?ion in the ac-
count and statement, tho credit of the nation would suffer,
in a certain degree, as, the Government ot the United States
being already mfoimedthat the said amount has been paid,
if the receipt be simply returned to Voss it will seem that
the Government of Mexico, even withont the knowledge
ot the person empowered, gave the assuiancc that the pay-
ment had been made; which has not happened, inasmuch
as, on the issue ot those oiders, hy agreement with the said
pei&on empoTteieil, the Government fulfilled its part. If
the repeated oiders have not been complied with, in conse-
quence of circumstances which it has not been possible to
avoid, Don Eimho Voss may pray that they be given on
some other fwnd than that winch was designated. This is
the. opinion of us all; but your Excellency will determine
what >ou may consider just.
Mexico, November 11, 1845.
We. the ministers of the General Treasury of the na-
tion, do ccrtil.) that the pieceding copy is literally conform-
able with tho icport made by this Geneial Treasury to his
Excellency the Mim.-ter of Finance, on the subject to
which it refers, and copy of which is delivered to the per-
son mterestPd, in viitue of a supreme order dated the 3d of
the present month. A. BATRES,
A. M. DE ESNAUItRIZAIt.
Mexico, December 5,1843.
| I say here is an acknowledgment in this report,
j: prepared and signed by the Mexican Minister of
I the Treasury, that the money which was expected
i j to have been paid upon these drafts had never been
!i paid at the time Mr. Voss petitioned that his re-
f ceipts should be returned.
j! Mr. BAYLY. Here is what Mr. Slidell says
'| after all that thing occurred. I mean the letter of
I' January 9th, 1846, addressed to Mr. Voss:
