•2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
■ The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions of the same
-committee, offered the following amendment:
-To make good the interest on the investment of stocks
of the State of Arkansas, held m trust fay the Secretary of
the Treasury, to be reimbursed out of the interest when col-
lected, $5,400. • •
Mr. H. said: The amendment, explains itself.
I have nothing to gay, unless the committee wish
explanation. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions of the same
committee, offered the following amendment:
For the con&truction and equipment of not le«s than
six revenue cutters, the sum of $90,000, the same sum to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. H. said: I do not care, about making* any
explanation of this, unless the committee wish it.
The amendment was adopted,
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions of the same
committee, offered the following amendment:
For the redemption of seventeen loan otfice certificates,
numbered 158, 312, 689.5, 6896, 6897, 6898, H899, 6900, 6901,
69U2, 9175, 9-267. 9288, 9293, 9294, and 12333. which have
been presented at the Tieasury, at the specie value, and
with interest, as computed by the Rfgi«terof the Treasury :
Provided, Patisfactoiy evidence be produced to the Secre-
tary of the Treasmy, that the persons who have presented
the same certificate for payment are the bona fitle holders
-of the same, $4,17o 42.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
For purchase and payment of the building at the corner
of F street north and Seventeenth street west, in the city of
Washington, hcJd by William II. Winder, and now iu the
occupancy of the United States, $2-H),UUl : Prowled, Said
William H. Winder shall make to the United States <t good
and sufficient title m fee-simple with general warranty,
freetrom all hens and irieumbtances to said building and
piemises on which the same is situated; such title to be
approved and accepted by the Attorney General and the
Societary of the Treasury before payment.
Mr. J. said: This is the same amendment, with
the exception of the addition of the sum of one
dollar, as that yesterday offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] under the unani-
mous instructions of the Committee of Ways and
Means; I am induced again to offer it, from con-
versation I have had this morning with some gen-
tleman, who expressed their opinions more favor-
ably to it than they did on yesterday. I hope the
amendment may be adopted. It will be economy
for the Government to purchase the building and
stop the payment, of rent
Mr.STEPHENS,ofGeorgia. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out one dollar. [ take
this occasion to say that my views have under-
gone a change upon the propriety of purchasing
this building by the Government at this time. I
am satisfied that this building will have to go into
market. 1 am told that some private reasons in-
duced gentlemen who were in possession of the
facts, from withholding this statement on yester-
day. But it is told to me that this building -frill
have to go into market, and I am satisfied that it
will at an early day. The man who now owns it
cannot continue to hold it. Then the question
arises, if this building is to be exposed for sale,
you have got to go into market and compete with
other bidders, and if some private individual pur-
chases it at a less price, you cannot continue to
occupy it without his consent, and you may be
turned out.
There are other views connected with this case,
of which I was not aware on yesterday, of the in-
ducements which were held out to Mr. Winder to
put up this building, by Secretaries who had no
power to contract, but who stood in need of such
a building. I am satisfied, from an investigation
of this matter since yesterday, which 1 had n^ver
given it before, that the building cost Mr. Winder
more than $200,000. For these reasons I hope
the committee will reconsider their vote of yester-
day in relation to this matter, and pass the amend-
ment.
Mr. GENTRY. I am opposed to the amend-
/nent of the gentleman from Georgia, I prefer the
original amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jo.ves.] My attention h as been in-
vited to the fact, by the friends of the individual
interested, who say that from circumstances con-
nected with the erection of this building 'n-eat in-
justice was likely to be done Mr. winder and
they believe that if I were disposed to look into
this matter as a just man disposed to do right, I
could not fail tp come to the conclusion that he
was entitled to some consideration by this Con-
gress. I have looked into it, and I believe we
ought to purchase his building. The reasons which
induced the gentleman, or, at least, some of them
who voted against this amendment yesterday 
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the/gentleman allow
me to ask one question ? "
Mr. GENTRY. I cannot yield.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I call the gentleman
to .order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
that he has departed from'the rules of order.
Mr. McMULLIN,. I think the gentleman is
advocating the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Geor-
gia moved to strike out of the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, one dollar, so as to
make the appropriation $200,000. The gentleman
is opposing that amendment.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope the gentleman does
not think that it was from any feeling of discour-
tesy that I declined to yield the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Oh, certainly not.
Mr. GENTRY. The pet idea of gentlemen
who opposed this amendment is for the Govern-
ment to build offices upon a large scale for its own
use. Now, I say to those gentlemen that it is pal-
pable to my mind that it willinflict aseriousin-
jury, not to say an absolute wrong, upon Mr. Win-
der, who, as was stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] was induced to erect this
building for the use of the Government. Now, if
the Government were to erect buildings for its own
use, so as to supersede the use of this, and thus
leave it upon Mr. Winder's hands, he will be un-
able to rent it. As to the policy of the Govern-
ment renting this building permanently, no argu-
ment will be necessary to convince any gentleman
that it is not the true policy of the Government,
for in a few years you pay more money in rent
than is needed for the Government to build its own
offices. Bat this edifice was built by individual
enterprise, with the encouragement upon the part
of certain officers of this Government that itshould
be used by the Government for public offices. It
has been so used, and I think it cannot be dis-
pensed with, unless you build some other-in lieu
of it. Now, every principle of justice, it seems to
me, requires that the Government should purchase
Mr. Winder's building, and pay him a fair price
for it. I hope the House is not prepared to inflict
so immense an injury as I am convinced they
would inflict upon Mr. Winder by refusing to pur-
chase the building. There is no just man, in my
opinion, who will make himselfacquainted with the
facts, who will not believe that it is right to adopt
this amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to offer an
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, at this time.
The gentleman can speak in opposition to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] if he desires.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, and I will confine my remarks to that amend-
ment. While I have as much confidence in the
judgment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] as I have in the judgment of most men,
yet like him my attention has been called to the
investigation of this subject. I was there and ex-
amined this building myself, and if the gentleman
from Tennessee, and those who now advocate the
passage of this amendment, will go and examine
for themselves, they will find from the time they
leave the avenue that very large cracks are dis-
tinctly visible in the whole building. If you will
enter it and turn to the right, you will find upon
examination that the bottom floor has given -way
in different places. My attention was called to
that fact this morning by one of the officers of the
Government.
Now, sir, I ask the gentleman from Tennessee,
and my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] who traveled
out of his way, as it seemed to me, on yesterday
to attack my views upon this question, by what
authority this Government can be compelled to
purchase this building because of any understand-
ing which may have been entered into, without
authority, upon the part of an officer of this Gov-
ernment with Mr. Winder? I ask what right
Secretary Marcy, or Secretary Walker, or Secre-
tary anybody else have to enter into any such ar-
rangement ?
But I want to call the attention of this'commit-
tee to another fact. It has been stated that this
building ought to be purchased upon the ground of
economy. 1 beg gentlemen to remember that when
this building was erected, according to the gen-
tleman from' Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] the iron
alone cost $60,000. Now, I tell that gentleman
that the same quantity of iron could be purchased
to-day forj$30,000. Mr. Winder himself will
admit that the price of iron has fallen one half
since the time of the building of this edifice. But
leaving this objection out of view, the building is
out of place. The Government need a building
near the Patent Office, or near the General Post
Office, or in some place more convenient.
Go and ask many of the officers who occupy
that building, and they will tell you that they have
repeatedly, and upon different occasions, left the
building for fear it would fall.
Sir, we have the reports of architects in this city
■—-the architect Mills, and somebody else—in re-
lation to this building, but if gentlemen will go and
examine that building for themselves before they
vote for this appropriation, and if they possess
thejudgment which I am willingto accord to them,
they will be bound to come to the conclusion that
the building is not safe.
But why, I ask, press this matter with such
hot haste, when the Committee on Public Build-
ings recommend the purchase of this building for
$280,000, but the economical Committee of Ways
and Means have agreed to recommend, and have
recommended the purchase for §200,000 ? Now,
sir, gentlemen need not tell me that there is dan-
ger that this building will go into the hands of
speculators, and that the Government will have
more to pay for it than they do now. There is
no danger of that sort. Let the speculator, who-
ever he may be, purchase it, and he will be quite
as ready to rent it to the Government as the Gov-
ernment will be to lease it. I must express my
surprise, as well as my regret, that the Committee
of Ways and Means, who have been right upon
most questions, should have thought proper to
recommend the purchase of this building.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment offered by Mr. Stephen's to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to strike
out $50,000, leaving the amount at §150,000.
Mr. J. said: I know, Mr. Chairman, that when
an amendment is proposed to a bill like this—the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill—by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or by any one of the members of that committee,
which amendment is indorsed by the committee,
that the character of that committee _ has con-
siderable influence before this House. But yet I
think this committee ought to act and think for
itself. It is true the recommendation of that com-
mittee should have great weight, and be entitled
to consideration from this committee. But not-
withstanding that committee makes a recommend-
ation upon this occasion, I beg leave to dissent,
and oppose the purchase of that building; and
even if it be purchased, I think it ought to be ob-
tained for a less amount than is proposed by the
committee. The argument is presented here that
if the Government fail to purchase this building
at the present time, that it must go under the
hammer, and if the Government fails to become
the purchaser, it must pass into the hands of an
individual, who will exact a high and extravagant
rent from the Government for its use.
Now, let me ask this committee, and ask them
as practical men, what is that building worth to
anybody except the Government? Have they
any use for it? Can they appropriate it to any
purpose ? The Government is the only purchaser
they have, and if they cannot sell it to the Gov-
ernment they cannot sell it at all, unless they sell it
at rates ruinous to a great extent. The Govern-
ment is the only purchaser they will find, even if
they place it under the hammer to be sold to the
highest bidder.
But when we come to examine this matter a
little further, we see there is a struggle between a
set of brokers—a set of Shylocks—in this city.
This individual, they say, has been engaged by
Government officers to construct this building, and
consequently the Government ought to purchase
