1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2137
it. Now, if we are to sanction and indorse every
encouragement a Secretary of the Treasury or of
War, may give to an individual, where would be
the end of it?
If this individual has been encouraged to build
a house, and he fails to realize the profits he ex-
pected , are we on that account to pay for it ? It is
his own fault. If we are to purchase this build-
ing because some Government officer has given
encouragement to build it, why, here is Corcoran
& Riggs's building, occupied by the Secretary of
the Interior, which we must purchase, because, as
it will be said, some officer of the Government ;.as
encouraged Corcoran & Riggs to expend a large
amount in that building.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would say
that the building of Corcoran & Riggs is not fire-
proof, and no one would recommend the purchase
of such a building.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do they care whether
it is fire-proof or not, if the Government will buy
it? If the building is safe, and everything secure,
they will say it will answer the purpose of the
Government as well as any other.
Mr. MEADE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] and in advocating the original proposi-
tion, I will take occasion to allude to the remarks
of my colleague [Mr. McMullin] in the course
of his speech.
This is a question, sir, addressed to us as the
guardians of the interests of the country, and as
such, it is purely one of dollars and cents. This
building is offered to us at $200,000, which will
yield, at six per cent., $12,000 per annum. We
are now paying for the rent of this building, the
inteiest upon more than $300,000, if I am correct-
ly informed. We are occupying that building
with our offices, and if we did not want it, we
should not be occupying it at this time. There-
fore it is necessary; and if we do not rent it, it
will be necessary to build one like it. And the
question is, if we build one sufficient to accom-
modate the offices now occupying it, can we build
one that will reflect credit upon the Government,
for as small a sum ?
Mr. Chairman, when it is considered that all
our publicbuildings are constructed upon the fire-
proof plan, with either marble or granite, and that
they are built at the Government contract price,
and when we know that the stone, after being carved
three feet by two, requires about twelve or fifteen
men to draw it upon a barrow some fifty or a hun-
dred yards, at a pace of some ten miles the min-
ute [laughter]—I know 1 am speaking hyperbol-
ically, [laughter,] but every one who hears me,
knows to what I allude—and when we seethepro-
cess by which our buildings go up, and the way
in which the Government is treated in one way or
the other, by the contractors, or by those who are
under the contractors, I am justified in drawing the
inference that a building like that would cost us
from $300,000 to $400,000. We all know that a
private individual, in building for himself a house
such as would cost the Government $400,000,
would build it for not much more than one half of
that amount.
If that building were put up to the highest
bidder, and there were capitalists present who
were desirous of investing §300,000, they would
jump at the opportunity of buying this house with
the view of renting it at six per cent, upon the
purchase.
Now, Mr. Chairman, i contend, as a matter of
economy, that it is our policy to give $^00,000 for
a building for which we are paying $18,000 per
annum.
A Voice. Twenty-one thousand dollars.
Mr. MEADE I choose to say $18,000, be-
cause we will have to pay insurance, &c. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. McMullin] if he has de-
voted any portion of his time to architecture?
Mr. McMULLlN. As much asmy colleague.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. I have been informed that this
House is built as substantially, as safely, and as
much fire-proof, as any that the Government has
put up in the city. We must buy this building
or build another; and I do not believe we can
build another of the very same materials and of
the same dimensions for less than §5300,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As this is a |
test question, and I suppose our minds are made
up, 1 call for tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to my ,
colleague [Mr. Johnson] the propriety of modi- !
fying his amendment, by moving to strike out the 1
" $200,000" instead of " $50,000," and that will j
bring us to a test vote. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. I will so modify my amend-
ment. !
Tellers were then called for and ordered; and
Messrs. Landry and Hart were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report- ,
ed—ayes 69, noes 59.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. !
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] having
prevailed, " §200,000" is stricken out, and §1 re- 1
mams. ■
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to '
strike out "$1," and in lieu thereof to insert ■
§225,000.
Mr. HEBARD. The question was to appro- J
pnate "§200,001." That was amended by strik- t
ing out l( $200,000." Now, I submit whether it j
is in order to amend by inserting another sum ? i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that i
although the motion to strike out prevailed, it is ;
still in order to amend the pending proposition. j
Mr. STANTON. I move to insert, then, i
§200,002. it is well understood that the Govern- j
ment is now paying $21,000 annually as rent for 1
this building. Some gentlemen say that that is
too much, but I wish those gentlemen to under- \
stand that the proprietor of this building, so far j
as the rent is concerned, has the Government in j
his power; or, in other words, there is such a de- 1
mand for the building that it is worth the rent the j
Government pays. He has a lease for five yeais t
at that rate, and there is no othei building which j
can be rented suitable for the purposes of the Gov- j
ernrnent for that or any larger sum, because there !
is no other fhe-proof building in the city. The
Government is obliged to pay that rent for five
years—and I maintain for ten years—for this
building, because this is the only suitable building ;
that can be rented in the city. Twenty-one thou- !
sand dollais is the interest on $350,000. Then, :
as has been repeatedly argued, upon the matter of j
dollars and cents, it is proper economy on the pan j
of the Government to purchase the building .it 1
^200,000. Again, sir,I maintain the proposition, i
and I appeal to members upon the Committee of (
Public Buildings, that there is not a public build- ,
ing in this city affording the same amount of room !
as this, any more convenient, any more secure !
from fire, any more substantial in all of its parts |
and proportions, that has not cost three times as
much; and 1 maintain that if ever the Govern-
ment will put up a building affording the same '
convenience, and equally secure, that it will cost 1
three times as much as this one. Anv building
you may put up to supply the place of that will ;
cost at least §600,000. This is all that it is neces-
sary for me to say. The Government may pur-
chase this, or it may not; but it is obliged to use ,
it, and it will pay $200,000 over again before it j
can furnish a budding for its own use.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand :
the proposition now to be to insert, in almost its
preciseterms,theoriginal amendment. Itisulways :
the habit in the House, when there is a specula- 1
tion upon hand 
Mr. STANTON. This is a speculation on the
part of the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that. The
Government always speculatesverylargely—over i
the left shoulder. [Laughter.] When it is in-
tended to practice a speculation, not to say a fraud j
upon the Government, you can find, on the part
of many of this committee, a disposition to get
up a panic, that if you do not do so and so, some '
enormous event is to happen hereafter. If the
Government does not now give $.200,000 for this |
Winder's Building, it will be compelled to erect 1
another at a cost of $600,000 ! It will be better ,
for the Government to pay $90,000 or $21,000 per !
annum for this building as long as it stands, than
even to purchase it at $200,000. What will the ,
.repairs, the heating, and the taxes upon thatbuild- ;
ins; cost * Will it not be more than ten per cent, r '
Does not everybody know it> And we have the ;
chance of its falling down half a dozen times in i
; the course of twenty years. How are we to pre-
vent the roof from being blown off? When tem-
porary buildings all around it resisted the elements,
and stood firm, this same fire-proof building,
which cannot resist the slightest squall, had its
roof blown across the street. The Government
is to be involved in great danger, unless it pays
$200,000 for that building—is it ? You had better
pay £31,000 a year for that structure than for its
repairs. Suppose he has a lease upon the Gov-
ernment for five years, at a rent of $21,000 a year
—he is bound to keep the building in repair, and
pay taxes upon it. The Government is making
money by not owning the building. If it falls
down, the loss is the individual's. It is a rickety
structure; and when a wind comes up, every clerk
and head of a bureau is out in the street, expect-
ing the building to fall in. This we know to be
so. And my colleague to talk about economy and
retrenchment! I do not think he knows how to
make that kind of figures; fori haveneverknown
a proposition coming before the House for an in-
crease of expenditures, and encouraging prodi-
gality and wasteful extravagance of the public
money, that I have not seen my colleague—with
due deference to him—upon that side of the ques-
tion. [Laughter.] I think the Government would
make money even to pay fifteen per cent, upon the
cOvSt of this building.
Mr. STANTON. Such a charge as the gentle-
man has made ought to be substantiated by facts.
I pronounce it without foundation in fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 refer to the history of the
country for facts, and I challenge the gentleman
to repudiate it.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Appi.eton, of Maine, and Bocock were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton was rejected—the tellers
having reported—ayes 55, noes 74.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, then, with the con-
sent of the committee, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in my hand a very pop-
ular amendment, which I am instructed by the
! Committee of Ways and Means to offer. It is
os follows:
To enable the <;ieik of the tlou^e of Representatives to
deliver to each of the members and Delegates of the pres-
ent who have tioi already ieceived them, such
book- a- have been furnished to members of the Twenty-
fiiri'lh, Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, and Thirty firf-t Con-
winch \\<re oidercd by resolution of the House
'ulv*?6th IS:? 3, ft! l.i,800 •
Piot.vleih Sti.-h pineh.t^ nnd expenditures shall 1 ^ made
I innl'T the direction or the Commiitee on Accounts of the
i Houfc of Representatives, arid that a report in detail shall
' be made to Countess, at it?' next session, of the mode and
manner of puicha->e, and where the books were obtained.
! The House voted themselves books without
making nny appropriation. The Committee of
Ways and Means, in pursuance of that vote, have
reported this necessary appropriation that the
books mny be got and paid for.
Mr. RIDDLE. Is it customary to have the
| proviso with the resolution'
Mr. BROOKS. I believe the proviso sufficiently
explains itself. I voted against the books. I am
■ opposed to the whole proposition, but feel bound
to vote for the appropriation. The Committee of
• Ways and Means, by the proviso which is ap-
; pended to the resolution, intend, if possible, to
, ascertain whether editions of these books are ex-
, haunted, whence they come, and whether any
■ further circulation is obtained of them among the
people. They have deemed it their <h*'y to in-
, quire into the manner of the purchase, or, at least,
to submit that amendment to the consideration of
the committee,
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out the proviso
of the amendment, which provides that the books
shall be purchased under the control of the Com-
mittee of Accounts.
I con -ider, Mr.Chairman, although this amend-
ment emanates from the Committee of Ways and
Means, that it is a direct reflection upon the Clerk of
this House. When preceding Congresses ordered
these bot-ks to be published, and furnis-lied them to
new members, it ha** usually been under the direc-
tion of the Clerk. I should like to know, sir, what
act of the present Clerk has subjected him to this
■ constructive suspicion upon the part of this com-
1 mittee? I stand here to maintain the character of
l that Clerk, and defend him against those reflec-
: dons, let 'hem be direct or indirect; and I believe
I that the high appreciation in which this House
holds that officer will protect him from such un-
