1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
flow* from the Rocky Mountains and intermediate
country to ihe Atlantic coast and Gulf of Mexico,
while ail our external commerce /lows from the
Atlantic and the Pacific to the &ame points, and
thence to the inferior of the Union.
There are now 10,814? miles of railroad in suc-
cessful operation in the United States, and about
15,000 miles projected, with a reasonable prospect
of completion. All of these roads, with their
freight and passengers, have the Atlantic coast
and Gulf of Mexico for their final destination, to
and fro, and would therefore be lateral railways to
the ^reat trunk of the Southern Pacific Road.
The fin me is the fact with regard to the rivers
east of the mountains—they all flow and carry
their -commerce to and from the Atlantic and the
Gulf of M xico, and, with their freight and pas-
sengers, would intersect and fall into this line of
communication.
The inland steam marine of the United States
consists of 767 steamers, with a tonnage of 204,723
tons; carrying 5,860,950 passengers per annum.
Our cxUr.xal steam marine consists of 625 steam-
ers, with a tonnag-e of 212,500 tons, and annually
carrying 33,342,846 passengers.
The immense losses which annually occur in
steam-boat navigation afford powerful stimulants
to the construction of railways, on which no freight
is lost, and very few lives.
The shipwrecks in the United States on. the At-
lantic and Pacific coasts and Gulf of Mexico dur-
ing; the year ending July, 1851, were fifty ships,
fifty-nine brigs, one hundred and ninety schooners,
time sloops, and twenty steamers; total, threehun-
dred and twenty;-of which two hundred and
seventy-eight were by tempest, fourteen by fire,
fifteen by collisions, nineteen by snags, and two
by explosions; the number of lives lost was three
hundred and eighteen. None of these causes of
loss exist upon a railway.
The steam-boat disasters on the Mississippi and
tributaries since the introduction of steam to 1848,
are,by collision, forty-five; fire, one hundred and
four; snags, four hundred and sixty-nine; total,
six hundred and eighteen. The original cost ol
the boats was $43,955,040 96. The loss in 1849
was §2,000,000 and six hundred and twenty-eight
lives. In fact, almost every mail bears the fright-
ful intelligence of the explosion of a steamboat and
a great destruction of human life.
The sea voyage from New Orleans to New York
is one of preat peril to life and property, and the
completion of the railways now in progress from
New Orleans to Jackson, Mississippi, and thence
to Montgomery, Alabama, v-oul(i complete the
railway connection from New Orleans to New
York, and divert all the passenger and a large por-
tion of the carrying trade from New Orleans and
the intermediate points to the Northern Atlantic
cities.
The total marine insurance paid for the year
1849, was £6,227,000. This sum of money lost
in one year, would build four hundred and fifteen
miles of the Southern Pacific Railroad, and infour
years, sixteen hundred and sixty miles, which
would more" than complete the road from Yicks-
burg, Mississippi, to San Diego, on the Pacific.
These immense losses of property, and thegreat
peril of human life from steam-boat navigation,
indicate with unerring certainty that railways are,
in a £reat degree, to supersede the internal steam
marine of the United States. They are now run-
ning on parallel lines with several navigable rivers
and lakes, and competing successfully with steam-
boat navigation.
Prom Maine to Texas inclusive, there are nine-
teen States bordering on the Atlantic and its bays
and the Gulf of Mexico, and with the exception
of Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, they are all
traversed by a completed chain of railway and
steam-boat navigation (less two hundred miles)
from Maine to the Mississippi river. Intersecting
and crossing this line of load ore the following
roads projected and in operation:
The New Orleans and Jackson great Northern
road, leading through Mississippi to Nashville,
Tennessee, and running on a parallel line between
the Mississippi and Pearl rivers, in the State of
Mississippi—projected, and $3*000,000 of stock
taken.
The Mobile and Chicago road, running north
from Mobile, through a part of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Illinois, to Chi-
cago, on Lake Michigan, is now building-, and
from that point roads are projected to Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota.
The Savannah Railroad, now in operation from
that city, through Georgia, to Chattanooga, Ten-
nessee, and projected thence to Nashville.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,now in oper-
ation from Baltimore to Cumberland, and thence
to Wheeling, on the Ohio river. From Philadel-
phia 1,146 miles of railway jetoutto variouspoints
reaching the Ohio, and thence to Cleveland, on
Lake Erie. From A ew York city that great State
is traversed with 1,400 miles of railway leading to
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, from which points
roads are now constructed or constructing, to most
of the Northern and Western States and Territo-
ries. From Boston, 1,100 miles of railway trav-
erses Massachusetts, crossing New Hampshireand
Vermont, to Lake Champlam, thence to the St.
Lawrence and Montreal, m Canada; and roads
also extend from Boston to Portsmouth, Portland,
and Waterville, in Maine; and from this latter
point a road is now chartered, traversing the north-
eastern pait of Maine to St. John's, in New Bruns-
wick, and thence to Halifax, in Nova Scotia; a dis-
tancefrom Watervilleof800miles. From Halifax,
a line of steam-ships is to connect with Galway,
in Ireland, and thence by railway and steamboat
to Liverpool and London.
This wonderful accumulation of railways east
of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, demon-
strates the fact that our internal commerce, State
and National, is to be principally conducted by
them.
The completion of the proposed road from Vicks-
burg, on the Mississippi, to San Diego, on the
Pacific, running, as n does, through the richest
and healthiest agricultural regions m the world,
would immediately flood the whole extent of the
adjoining country with our toiling millions, and
draw after it the construction of lateral railways
from the States of Louisiana, Texas,-Missoun,
California, -the Territory of New Mexico, and
even the Republic of Mexico itself.
With an eastern terminus at New York, and a
northeastern terminus at Halifax, this road would
greatly increase not only our commerce with all
parts of Europe, but induce a transatlantic travel
and postal communication, the value of which can
scarcely be measured. The western terminus on
the Pacific would command the entire commerce
on that ocean—north and south. The hundreds
of millions uf gold produced by the mines of Cal-
ifornia, the rapid development of our possessions
in Oiegon, the great increase of the whale trade in
the North Pacific, now amounting to several mil-
lions per annum, an increased trade with Mexico
and South America, and the absolute certainty of
finally crushing the Chinese walls and Japanese
non-intercourse, and opening commercial relations
with the seven hundred millions of people who in-
habit Asia, would furnish all the transportation
the road could carry.
The speed of rail cars, in England, has reached
fifty miles an hour; in the United States from
twenty-four to thir y miles an hour. The steam-
ship passage from Liverpool to New York, has
been made in ten days:
the distance—
From Liverpool to Now York by sea is   3,100 miles.
From New Vni k to San Diego  2,955 "
From San Diego to S<in Francisco  500 <(
Fiom San Fiaucisco to Canton, Clima  5,400 4<
Distance from Liverpool to Canton, China, via
San Francisco 11,955 miles.
time of transit—
From Liverpool to New York    . 10 days.
From New York to San Francisco  5 ''
From San Fiancissco to Canton, China  15 "
Transit from Liverpool to Canton, China  30 days.
This would make the trip from New York to
San Diego in fcur days, to San Francisco in five
days,"and to Canton, China, in twenty days. So
that a cargo of teas from Canton could be deliv-
ered at New York in twenty days, and at Liverpool,
or London, in thirty days. Gold dust could be
earned from San Francisco to New York in five
days, and to Liverpool in fifteen days.
With this great acceleration of transit, and the
perfect security to life and property, it is certain
that commerce and travel would no longer undergo
the expensive, tedious, and perilous voyage of
months around Cape Horn, nor even of weeks
across the Isthmus of Panama or Teuhuantepec;
but everything susceptible of railroad transport-
ation would pass on the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road, and pour millions into its coffers.
The State of Massachusetts has about 1,150
miles of railway, which, in the year 1850, trans-
ported 8,973,681 passengers.* There isf about
11,000 miles of railway now in operation in the
United States. Estimating their passengers by
those of the Massachusetts roads, they carried, in
the year 1850, 85,822,000. The passengers car-
ried by our steam marine, for the same year, were
8,669,169.
These facts in relation to the "human move-
ment4' in the United States, reveal the wonderful
influence of railroads^upon the internal commerce
of the Union. But a small portion of the people
of the United States travel for pleasure—they are
oil engaged in some profitable employment, and
those who travel most are usually engaged m the
purchase, transportation, and sale of merchandise;
so that the "human movement" affords some in-
dex of the vast amount of " material movement"
that follows in the wake of the railroad passengers
in the United States.
The annual commerce of the Mississippi valley
alone is estimated at §300,000,000. The cotton
States alone, through which the line of this road
passes, produce annually from two to two and a
naif millions of bales of cotton, and in 1851 the
crop was worth $112,315,317. The lands west-
ward to the Pacific are equally productive, and
many large rivers cross the line of the road.
Mr. Asa Whitney, in his memorial to Congress
in 1848, for his Northern Pacific route, estimates
the value of the foreign trade of Europe and Asia
for his road at $25,000,000 per annum for transit
alone. Add to this, for our internal trade to and
from California and Oregon, the small sum of
$2,000,000, and we-have $37,000,000 per annum,
as the income of a road which will cost but about
that sum for its construction from Vicksburg to
San Diego.
This Government now pays $750,000 per an-
num for the transmission of a semi-monthly mail
via Panama to California and Oregon, By the
treaty of peace with Mexico, we are compelled to
protect that Republic from the incursions of the
Western Indians, and shall need a military estab-
lishment on the line of this road for that purpose.
Our commerce on the Pacific, like our commerce
on the Atlantic coast, will require the construc-
tion of custom-houses, mints, forts, arsenals,-
dock-yards, navy-yards, light-houses, and kin-,
dred works, and'for all these purposes the Gov-
ernment will require the transportation to that
country of great quantities of material for all time'
to come.
The following estimate was made by P. P. F. De-
grand for the Northern Pacific road viaSt. Louis:
" When the railroad is in operation from Boston to San
Francfcco, tJie length of passage, for its 3,000 miJe^, (going
night and day at the rate of 25 miles per hour, including
stop*,) wiJJ, for the express train, be only 5 days.
♦k For first class caw, at 2 cents per mile, the fare will be
only {$60.
u For second class cars, atl cent per mile, the fare will be
oniv £'31).
"Tlie co«t, then, of transporting from the Atlantic sea-
boaid 150,000 person*; to Caluorrua, and of bringing back
50.000 per«on>« from California, will tie as follows:
Fare of 150,000 passengers, lirst class, at §60
each        $9,000,000
Time and food for said 150,000 passengers for
five days, at &5 per day, say $25 for each per-
son - ...... 3,750,000
Fare of 50,000 second class passengers, at £30
each    3,500,000
Time and food for said 50,000 pa>s-enger§ for
five days, at per day, say $10 for each per-
son        .. 500/500
Total cost by the railroad line $14,750,000
Let us now examine what is the expense by the
sea route for the same individuals.
To transport, by the sea route, the same number
of persons, will cost as follows, pait going round
Cape Horn, part through the Straits of Magellan,
and part through the Isthmus of Panama:
Passage for 150,000 first class passengers, at $1 50
enck     §22,500,00©
Time of said 150,000 passengeis, for 100 days,
on an average, at £3 50 per day, say $350 for
each person".    - 52,500,000
Passage for 50.000 second class passengers, at -
$50eacli     2.500,000
Total cost by the sea route................. $77,500,000
Deduct cost by the railroad line «« 14,750,000
Clear eaving in the expense.*$62,750,00 0
