1-274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
To tjiis saving we may add the extra risk of life
by the sea route, and the disappointments and
extra delays occasionally incident to a voyage by
sea.
In point of time, of great hardships, and of ex-
pense, the route by land, as it now exists, over a
trackless waste, compares even more unfavorably
with the railroad line.
If, then, we estimate that there will go to Cali-
fornia, annually, one hundred and fifty thousand
persons, and that one hundred thousand of them
will settle there, and fifty thousand will come back,
the annual saving of expense, by having the rail-
road, will be $62,750,000.
Whitney's northern pacific railroad.
* I am aware,sir, that Mr. Whitney's projecthas
ipftany friends in the United States; but for this he
is more indebted for the great anxiety that pre-
vails for a speedy and cheap communication with
our vast interests on the Pacific, than for any merit
pertaining to the location of his road, or his
scheme for its construction. The distance from
New York city to Lake Michigan is eight hun-
dred miles. Prom this point Mr. Whitney pro-
poses to construct a railway to the mouth of the
Columbia river on the Pacific, which is about one
thousand five hundred miles north of San Fran-
cisco and the gold mines.
The distance from Lake Michigan to the mouth
of the Coluynbia is estimated by Mr. Whitney at
2,200 miles, which is nearly 700 miles further than
the route from Vicksburg to San Diego, and
nearly as far as the entire southern route from New
York. In his memorial to Congress in 1848, Mr.
Whitney states his plan in these words:
" Your memorialist would now represent and explain tkc
plan by which he proposes to cam/ out his great work. He
prays that your honorable body will be pleased to set apart
and sell to him sixty mile* wide of the public lands (and an
equivalent for any which may have been taken up) from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean, for this especial pur-
pose. He has explored and examined a part, of the loute;
and from the lake onward, for 800 mites, the land is of the
very best quality, but nearly 500 miles of this BQ0 without
timber, and then no timber on to the Rocky Mountains. Thai
after this 800 miles y onward nearly to the ocean }the land is
represented as very poor—too poor to sustain settlement;
therefore the whole work is based upon 800 miles of the fhst
part, with the belief that the facilities which the road would
ereate and give to settlement, intercourse, and communi-
cation with the market*, would render a part of the poor
land useful and valuable."
From this it will be seen that Mr. Whitney,
although occupied solely for many years on this
scheme, has only explored his proposed route to
the Ro.cky Mountains, and he has no accurate in-
formation on which to rest the belief that his road
can cross'the mountains at all.
Again he says, five hundred of the first eight
hundred miles of his route is " without timber, and
then no timber on to the Rocky Mountains;" and
that, the balance of the route, being fourteen h undrcd
milcsy is " too poor to sustain .settlement."
This confession alone, the truth of which is
confirmed by travelers, is sufficient to satisfy any
practical mind that his road cannot be ImilL. With
fourteen hundred miles of uninhabitable counhy,
and more than Jive hundred miles destitute of tim-
ber either for fuel or building purposes in the frozen
region of 42° of north latitude, with no means in the
immediate country of sustaining either man or
beast during the construction of the road, or after
its completion, and an entire absence of building
material for many hundred miles, the cost of the
structure could scarcely be calculated. If the road
were built, it could impart no value to the four-
teen hundred miles of desert which is " too poor
to sustain settlement;" and, consequently, it would
not open the public domain to emigration or cul-
tivation, and the road would receive no lateral
support whatever.
Add to these objections the certainty of the
heavy falls of snow which annually occur in this
inhospitable region, with the imminent peril of
being frozen to death for six months in the year,
and the conviction becomes irresistible that the
work will never be accomplished.
The Hon. Willard P. Hall, of Missouri,
now a member on this floor, has himself made a
personal reconnoissance of a part of the country in
question, and in a communication to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, under date of May, 1848,
he speaks as follows:
u It is exceedingly problematical whether a railroad will
be found practicable bv the way of the South Pass of the
ltocky Mountains to the Pacific ocean. In June last one
of the undersigned left California on his return to the Uni-
ted States. On the 22d of that month he crosspd one of
the ridges ofthe Rocky Mountains by what is denominated
4 a passOn that day he traveled for thirty miles over
s nou> which was frequently more than twenty feet deep. He
was informed by persons lie fell in with from the Willa-
mette Valley that the snows on the Cascade mountains of
Oregon were as deepin June last as those he encountered in
the California mountains. The whole country, from the
South Pass to the valleys of 'California and Oregon,' is not
only exceedingly rugged, but is so elevated that, if one may
believe his own senses, it is covered for many months in
the year with almost impassable snows.'> *****
Again: the donation to one man of a domain
sixty miles wide by two thousand two hundred miles in
length, covering an area larger than several States
of this Union, is a proposition at which every
mind revolts. But even if Mr. Whitney's road
could be built and put into successful operation,
the great length of time it would require to con-
struct it through a barren, uninhabited, and frozen
region, forsaken alike by God and man, should be
regarded as an insuperable objection.
The memorial of John Plumbe to the Congress
of the United States, contains the following illus-
tration on this point:
"The following brief letter, which has been repeatedly
published, has never been satisfactorily answered, and it is
therefore presumed that Mr. Whitney is unable tq contro-
vert the general correctness of its contents:
Boston, September 10,1849.
To the Chamber of Commerce, Nam York :
Gentlemen : We observe that you recognnend Whit-
ney's plan for a railroad to the Pacific. We had previously
understood that you were in favor of some plan that would
insure the use of the load to the piesent generation. Will
you be so kind as to explain to us how the use of the road
can bo obtained for the present generation by Whitney's
plan ?
He proposes first to build ten miles of road, and then
(by the sale of lands) to create the means of building the
next ten nnles. May we not safely assume that it will take
him at least one year to build the first ten miles, then one
year more to sell the land; then three j ears more to get his
pay! Thus, at the end of live years, he will be prepaied
(money in hand) to build the next ten miles.
According to this ratio of five successive years for each
successive ten miles, it will take eight hundied and filty
yeais to make one thousand seven hundred and fifty miles
of railroad ! If (by a stietch of imagination) it should be
said that he will, in a single year, build the first ten miles,
and within the same year sell his land and get his pay,
even then it will take one hundred and seventy years to
build one thousand seven hundred nnles of railroad.
An early reply will oblige, lespectfully,
WILLIAM TNG ALLS,
12- H DERBY,
J. C. DUNN,
P. P. F. DEGRAND,
O. D.ASHLEY,
Committee,
A short review of Mr. Whitney's plan makes
it evident that the location of his road, and his
scheme for its construction, present obstacles
which cannot be overcome.
southern pacific route.
From this barren, frigid, and desolate picture,
we turn with pleasure to the Southern Pacific
route, where we find that nature has furnished
every inducement, alike to the cupidity and th^
; patriotism of man, to engage in the construction
i of this magnificent work—the greatest either of
! ancient or of modern times. Without designing,
j or even knowing the fact, " a divinity within" has
| " so shaped our ends," that we have already con-
j structed fifteen hundred miles of this road, and
I the vast plain that stretches from the banks of the
j Mississippi to the shore of the Pacific, cries out
j to us in the language of Scripture, " Why stand
ye here all the day idle?" The political events
which have successively given to us the territo-
ries of Louisiana, Texas, Utah, New Mexico,
and California, seem now to have been providential
acts whereby our national dominion has grasped
the entire breadth of the continent, and planted
our infant cities upon its western brink. The
same events have possessed us of the Paso del
Norte, that great natural breach in the otherwise
impenetrable chain of the Rocky Mountains, and
on either side spread out before us the grand pla-
teaus that now invite our free and thriving mil-
lions to their rich and teaming bosoms, and furnish
alike the ample means and the inexorable neces-
sity of constructing the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
way.
He was a prophet who declared that " West-
ward the star of empire takes its way." With
| the inexhaustible mines, the numerous and abun-
| dant agricultural productions,and the more genial
climate of our Pacific possessions; with the un-
ruffled surface of the vast Pacific—that great mil-
lennium of waters—spread out by nature to receive
and secure the commerce of a world; with seven
hundred millions of industrious, but comparatively
feeble and inoffensive people on its opposite shore,
and with a dependent race of people in Mexico and
South America, what is to prevent our Pacific from
rivaling our Atlantic coast in its population, its
magnificent cities, its shipping, its commerce, its
temples of worship, its academies of arts and sci-
ences, and all that constitutes semi-national great-
ness ?
With the facilities that will follow the comple-
tion of the railway, what people will dare dispute
our empire upon the Northern and Southern Pa-
cific oceans ? Who will presume to say the fabled
wealth of Ind is not ours ?
If we have conquered the rolling tides of the
tempestuous Atlantic, and grown rich by a limited
commerce with a small portion of the two hundred
millions of diplomatic and warlike beings that in-
habit Europe, and make pecuniary gam their prin-
cipal occupation, what profits may we not antici-
pate from our trade with the untutored Islanders
of the mild Pacific, and the seven hundred millions
of Asiatics, who have yet to learn the wiles of
commercial diplomacy, and who will never com-
pete with us for the mastery of the seas ?
Where, then, is the objections to the construc-
tion of the road?
As a financial operation, it bids fair to rival the
mines of California. As a commercial enterprise,
it has no equal in magnitude, and can never be
rivaled in its results.
As a national work, it will cement the mutual
affections of our people, and bind together the
union of our States by all the inducements that
can excite a common interest, that can elevate na-
tional pride, and perpetuate national fame.
On some future occasion, when it may suit the
convenience of the House, I will discuss the legal
objections that have been raised against the dona-
tions of land to railways constructed by the States.
Mr. FREEMAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, with an amendment, Senate bill
No. 121, entitled <{A bill gianting the right of way
and a portion of the public land, to the State of
Arkansas, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in that State; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FREEMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following bills; which were sev-
erally read a first and second time by their titks,
referred" to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed,
viz;
" A bill granting the right of way and making
a donation of public land, to the States of Missis-
sippi and Louisiana, in aid of the construction of
a railroad from the city of New Orleans, in the
State of Louisiana, to jackson, in the State of
Mississippi;"
" A bill granting to the States of Illinois and
Indiana the right of way and a portion of the
public lands, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Lafayette, Indiana, via Middleport,
Iroquois county, to La Salle county, in Illinois;"
and
l( A bill granting the right of way and making
a grant of land, to the State of Louisiana, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads."
Mr. MOORE. I ask the permission of the
House to introduce an amendment to the last bill
just reported, that it may be printed with the bill
—an amendment giving the right of way only, to
one of those railroads without any grant of lands,
but not affecting the others.
No objection being: made, such permission was
granted.
Mr. POLK. I now renew my motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There seems
to be a desire of the House to take up the report
of the Committee "on Printing, and to dispose of
it. i hope the gentleman will withdraw his motion
for that purpose.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my motion.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Committee
on Printing is in order. It- is in the following
words:
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of the House
of Representatives, fifty thousand copies ofthe mechanical
part of the Patent Office Report, and three thousand addi-
tional copies for the use ofthe Commissioner of Patents.
