2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
generous and illiberal intimations as the proviso
to this amendment carries with it.
And I would like to know, Mr. Chairman,
where is the propriety of this action ? Has this
Committee on Accounts more honor, more integ-
rity, more fairness than the Clerk? Nor sir!
Are they to supervise his conduct as if he was
unworthy of the most implicit confidence? I, for
one, will not silently permit the infliction of so
gross an injury as the proviso to this amendment
implies. I cannot believe that such was the inten-
tion of the gentleman from New York; but it is
liable to such-an injurious construction, and should
therefore be stricken out. I would ask another
question. Where are we to get these books by
this process? Can they be obtained this session?
No, sir. When will they come ? It may be one,
or two, or three Congresses hence, before the
members of the present Congress'will get the
books, if the purchase is subjected to the slow
process of supervision by the Committee on Ac-
counts. Indeed, sir, there is no necessity for the
proviso to the amendment, as the existing law
already provides that the Clerk shall make a de-
tailed report of the expenditure of all funds in-
trusted to his care; and I therefore ask the House
to strike out the proviso.
Mr. WALSH. I do not know that I-shall op-
pose the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk.] In voting for maintaining that pro-
viso I do not intend to cast any reflection upon
the present Clerk of this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee do not.
Mr. WALSH. Nor did the committee, I sup-
pose; but it is perfectly manifest that the legisla-
tion which Congress has passed has not been car-
ried out. Gales & Seaton originally published
these books, under the direction of Congress, apd
justice requires that so long as they have copies
'of the works upon hand they should be taken
from them. A practice has grown up here—not
under the cognizance of the present Clerk, for I
am as ready to indorse his honor as the gentle-
man. from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk]—and we can-
not shut our eyes to the fact by which these books
get into the market, and are sold by some persons,
—I will not say by whom—and come back to be
distributed again. This is not only a fraud upon
the legislation of Congress, but a direct injury to
the gentlemen who have printed these books; and
I would prefer a proviso that Gales & Seaton
should be allowed to supply books as far as it is
in their power to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON'. This proviso will accom-
plish the same result.
Mr. WALSH. These gentlemen were invited
by the legislation of Congress to expend their
labor in tins way. They are men who live by
their profession. They have gone to the expense
of publishing these books, and certainly Congress
ought to fulfill the implied pledge of taking these
books from them so long as they have them upon
hand; and I take it for granted, without any par-
ticular examination, that the object of the proviso
is to enforce that so far as these printers can sup-
ply what Congress intended.
Mr. POLK. I understand it has been the cus-
tom of the Clerk to do it, and I presume it will
be done in this case.
Mr. WALSH. Of course there can be no re-
flection intended upon this Clerk, for he has never
heretofore been called upon to make any purchase
of these books.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Maryland to allow the 102d rule
of the House to be read.
Mr. WALSH. Certainly, sir.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee on Account** to
superintend and control the expenditures of the contingent
fund of the House of Kepi eM-ntatives ; also, to audit and
settle all accounts which may bp charged thereon; and, also,
to audit the accounts of the members for their travel to and
from the seat of Government, and their attendance in the
House."
Mr. JONES. The appropriation to provide
books for the members of the last Congress was
made out of the contingent fund, and was thus
under the control of the Committee on Accounts,
under the provision of that 102d rule. This pro-
viso is to enable the Clerk to buy them without
carrying the amount necessary to do it into the
contingent fund, consequently the proviso which
is there amended was not intended as any reflec-
tion upon the Clerk of the House.
The question being upon Mr. Polk's amend-
ment,
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and St. Martin
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move, sir, to amend the
amendment by reducing it $30,000; so that it will
read $85,800.
I make this motion with a view to submit to
the House a few remarks upon this subject of the
distribution of books, and to define my own po-
sition in regard to it, which I fear was misunder-
stood by the House from the motion I made the
other day. l will begin by saying, in order to
avoid any questions being put to me by gentlemen,
that I received these books when distributed at the
last Congress. Whether I voted for the distribu-
tion or not I am utterly unable to say; but I be-
lieve the vote was carried then, as it was theother
day, without a division, and under the previous
question; and I say further, sir, that I have these
books at home in my office, where I intend to keep
them until I see fit to present them to some literary
institution.
1 do not object to the distribution of books to
members; the copies of the laws, and all books
that are in the possession of the House. I have
always voted to print and distribute books of ex-
ploration and reconnoissance, for the development j
of the geography and resources of the country,
and also the works left by the fathers of the Con-
stitution, illustrating our political history. I am in
favor of the distribution of such books; but, sir, 1
do object to the form in which this matter has been
presented to the House from year to year. It is
constantly accumulating. The resolution here
passed, is to distribute the same books as were
distributed to the members of several preceding
Congresses, and in that way the pile swells every
year. It is like a snow-ball, rolled upon fresh-
fallen snow. Now the books distributed last year
were rated as purchased,by a paper that I have
before me, at (724. Subsequently to that, a vari-
ety of works were printed by order of the last Con-
gress, which of course will be included in the dis-
tribution this year, swelling the amount up to $800.
Where is this to stop ?
It seems to me that it is difficult, upon any prin-
ciple of economy or right legislation, to justify this
continually appropriating and accumulating the
distribution of books. So far as books are out
of print, I think they ought to be omitted from the
distribution, and that is the case with relation to
Gales & Seaton's edition of the American State
Papers, estimated here to cost $235. Now, in
moving to strike out $30,000 from the appropria-
tion, I have scarcely come up to the sum which
the distribution of this set of American State Pa-
pers alone costs, and I venture to say at the same
time that they are of comparatively very little
value, and will be of comparatively very little
value, to the majority of the members of this
House. There is another reason: A gentleman
stated in his place, in 1850, on this floor, on the
| authority of a report of the Clerk of the House,
! that there were but fifteen hundred copies of that
i edition printed, and that there had been at the
; time more than fifteen hundred copies distributed
i by the House of Representatives, to say nothing
! of those distributed by the Senate. 1 say, sir,
i therefore, that you do not add to the number of
I the copies in the country by continuing to distrib-
! ute books which are out of print, and that it ought
I to cease. I say, further, that I believe it to be
| impossible to supply the members of this House
! with copies of that work, and that the attempt to
! do so will involve an evasion of the resolution
i adopted by the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I will detain the committee
but a few moments. When this question was up
I, the other day, I endeavored to obtain the floor to
;< express my views upon this subject. I believe
j j that it may have been proper at the time these
j1 books were first ordered to be printed, to print
j| and distribute thein, in order that we might, in this
way, circulate copies of these valuable works
| throughout the country. Indeed, this is the only
I way in which they could be circulated. And I
I believe that a continuation of the practice may
I have been called for by the wants of the country
I up to this present Congress. That, I will not un-
dertake to say, but I wished to say, the other day,
that if there were any of these works out of print,
we ought not to appropriate money for the pur-
pose of purchasing them.' If there are those that
are in print, and can be distributed, they might be
distributed, but I believe that this thing must stop
sometime, and I am willing that it should stop
now.
. Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman, I believe, is not speaking to the amend-
ment. He is not speaking against the amend-
ment. .
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from New
York will see the point I am making, if he will
hear me.
Mr. DEAN. It is too late in the day. The
gentleman is only defining his position.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not rule
the gentleman out of order. The gentleman will
proceed.
Mr. ALLISON. I have but one word more to
say. While I agree with much that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan] has said
upon this subject, I would have taken it better
from some member whose conduct upon this sub-
ject had always been consistent. A lecture from
some one who had heretofore opposed the appro-
priation would have more effect upon the House;
especially if he had voted against the appropria-
tion when he was interested.
Now, sir, the other day I should have voted
against the resolution, but my friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] thought it necessary to pre-
clude any new member from voting, by reading
one of the rules. While 1 agreed that they should
be the judges of their own acts here, I did not see
the propriety of thrusting the rule in the faces of
new members, and I therefore did not vote at all.
Now, I believe that members should be permitted
to act as their sense of propriety will dictate to
them, and be responsible to their constituents; and
if they act wrong, Jet their constituents hold them
to strict accountability. I thought it was not in
good taste for my friend from Massachusetts 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move that the
committee rise. It is evident we shall not get
through this bill to day.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
the amendment, and being put, it was rejected.
Mr. PITCH. I offer the following proviso,
with no intention of debating it, but I think the
committee will see at once the propriety of adopt-
ing it:
Provided, That the accounts for the purchase of said
books be audited, as usual, by the Committee on Accounts.
The question was taken on Mr. Fitch's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, Tbat reports shall be made in detail at the
commencement of the nest session of Congiess of the mode
and manner of purchase of the books, and whence they are
obtained.
Several Members. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, if there is no objection,
I have not a word to say. I only wish to dis-
claim any disposition to attack the Clerk of the
House. It never entered into my mind.
The question was put upon the amendment to
the amendment, and the Chairman announced that
he was unable to determine the vote, owing to the
confusion that existed in the Hall.
Mr. BROOKS. I have a right to advocate my
amendment.
[Cries of " Too late!" " Too late!"]
Mr. BROOKS. Ah, but there is opposition to
it.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, after a division is commenced, the gentle-
man has no right to debate his amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Have not I a right to my five
minutes? If I have not, I shall offer the amend-
ment again in another form. Five minutes I will
have, for I am entitled to it under the rule. It
never entered into my mind to make a suggestion
that could in any way convey an insinuation
against the Clerk of this House. I have further
to say, that in voting books for members of Con-
gress for their own use, I have no objection when
it is done bona fide. I think it should be done.
The public owe to us that we should be well in-
