1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
formed, and that we should have ail the means of
information which our own history has given us,
and transmitted us by our fathers as matter of
public record. My objection is not to the books,
but the mode and manner of distributing them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is a fact known to this
country, that members of 'Congress sell their
books, which have cost $700 or $800, for $100 or ;
$125-, and if this House will appoint a committee |
to make an investigation of my statement, I shall
be ready to establish it. Such a fact as that is \
discreditable to Congress, disgraceful to every !
member, and calculated to injure this body and I
degrade it in the eyes of the people, and the House '
ought to use every means in its power to stop it. !
Mr. McNAIR. I will ask the gentleman a
question: Whether any new members have sold
their books ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. They have not got any yet. I
think that new members ought to be entitled to
books which are already in print; but as for spend-
ing $100,000 every two years, to purchase books
over and over again, is a thing which the country
will not sustain when the facts go before them;
and the character of the House of Representatives
will be injured by it. I am fortified myself in
being brought iiito this battle of books. 1 never
allow myself to demagogue. I repeat that 1 will
vote books to every new member who is entitled
to them; and if the House wishes these members :
to have these new books in good faith, let them
adopt this proposition, and there will be no objec-
tion to it on the part of the people. The House
itself cannot trifle with the popular feeling of the
country. It is not easy for us to hold our places
upon this floor, and trifle with that popular feeling.
It is not easy to add an additional per diem to our
pay, directly or indirectly, in this way. The best
thing we can do for ourselves is, to preserve our
own character and our own honor, not only of the
minority, but the majority.
If what I have said is incorrect, the report in
detail furnished to the next Congress by the Clerk
of the House will enable the public to judge
whether these accusations are true or not.
Mr. HART. I merely wish to ask the gentle-
man, if it is not customary for the Clerk to furnish
a report in detail to the House, from whom he has
made his purchases ? If it is customary to do that,
whv pass this proviso'
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] is afraid that the new members
might squander their books.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Brooks] to the original
amendment. I am opposed to it for the simple
reason that at any rate, whatever may be his mo-
tives, and whatever he may disclaim as to any
intention of casting censure upon our Clerk, or
putting a spy upon his actions, it may be so in-
terpreted.
Mr. FOWLER. As I presented the resolution
for the purchase of these books, it is perhaps due
to myself to call the attention of the House to the
facts contained in that resolution. I wish it to be
understood that I prepared that resolution with
care and caution. It provides that the purchase
of the books shall be made by the Clerk. It pro-
vides, also, that the same books shall be purchased
which previous members have received. It pro-
vides, moreover, that the purchase shall not be
made unless there are books in print sufficient to
supply the members. These are facts which it is
important in this discussion shall be kept in mind.
They seem to be overlooked by several gentlemen,
and [ think by my friend from New York, [Mr.
Dean.]
Mr. DEAN. I do not propose here to make a
Buncombe speech, as I think some gentlemen have
done. I wish merely to say that 1 did not vote
for this resolution; but the resolution having been
adopted by the House, it is perhaps our duty to
make the appropriation; go through with it, vote
upon it now, and not censure our Clerk, or any
oilicerof this House, particularly, forany political
purpose.
Mr. GENTRY. Saturday evenings, in Tennes-
see, we al ways keep as holidays.. 1 move that the
committee rise.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The question being upon Mr. Brooks's amend-
ment,
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Chandler, and Campbell
of Illinois were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay Force and Rives for one hundred copies of the eighth
volume of American Archives, or Documentary History of
the United States, for new members* ot the Twenty-eighth
Congress} one hundred and one topics of the same volume
for new members of the Twenty-ninth Congress; one hun-
dred and sixteen copies of the same volume for new mem-
bers ot the Hous-e (it the Thirtieth Congress; and one bun-
dled and thirty-four copies of the <amo volume for new mem-
bers of the House of the Thirty-first Congress—m all, four
hundied and fifty one volumes, at ,$1J 90.6 per copy—m
addition to ."5040 36, an unexpended balance of a former ap-
propriation, $5,631 25.
This amendment is offered under the instruction
of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Clerk reports that these books have been delivered
by Force and Rives, the persons who publish them,
and with whom different Clerks made contracts for
their delivery. The amendment explains itself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have another
amendment, embracing several items, from the
Committee of Ways and Means. It is the last one
I have.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for reporting and publishing two thousand eight hun-
dred columns of the proceedings of the present session of
the House of Representatives 111 the Daily Globe, at $7 50
per column, $"21,000.
To enable the Clerk of the Ilou^e of Representatives to
pay a balance rluu for reporting and publishing proceedings
of the Flouse, second session Tlurtv-fir^t Congress, at the
rate ol $7 50 per column, in the Daily Globe, #049 50.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Repie^entntives to
pay for twenty-tour copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix of the first session Thirty-second Congress, lor
each member and Delegate of the House, ($34,572, and for
binding the same, being twenty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two volumes in strong and substantial half
binding, with Russia leathei backs and corners, at a rate
not exceeding sixty cents per volume, $'13,651 '20: Provi-
ded, The foregoing expenditures to be made by the Clerk
of the House ot Representatives shall be under the control
and superintendence of the Committee on Accounts.
The first item of $21,000 is to pay for reporting
the proceedings of this House, at $7 50 per col- ;
umn, in the Daily Globe. The next item is for a ■
deficiency in the same for the last session. }
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's i
amendment and it was agreed to. ,
Mr. CARTTER. T am instructed by the Com- :
mittee on Patents, with the advice, and at the re- ;
quest of the Patent Bureau, to offer an amendment, ,
| to come m after lines nine hundred and ten and
! and nine hundred and eleven, which read, " for 1
; compensation of the librarian of the Patent Office, '
| $500." I
i The amendment is as follows:
' For books for the library of the Paient Office, lo be paid
j out of the patent fund, $1,500. For fitting up the hbiary of
I the Patent Office, to be paid out of the patent fund, #2.000.
j The question was then taken, and the amend-
' ment was agreed to. ;
| Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
; following amendment:
! For the salary of the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
j House ofReprescntatives, $1,500.
That officer was created at the last session of
Congress, under a resolution of the House, and he
was "allowed four dollars per day for his services.
At the close of the session a resolution was passed
continuing him in office for the year, and at the
regular pay received by the other clerks of the
House. That resolution expires, and unless the
appropriation is put into this bill, he gets no sal-
ary. It is not provided for by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I ask that the House will
adopt this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The subject was brought
up in the Committee of Ways and Means this
morning. I understand from gentlemen who have
examined the subject, that the clerk is now paid
out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. STANTON. That is certainly a mistake.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand it, he is
now paid out of the contingent fund. There isno
necessity of adopting this amendment.
Mr. STANTON. The Journal shows that the
office was created under a resolution of the House
at the last session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am informed by a gentle-
men near me, that this would increase his sal-
ary to $3,000, and make it equal to the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Mr. STANTON, i say that it does not. The
resolution of last Congress makes it $1,500.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move that the
committee rise; and upon that motion I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Chapman and Hibbard were appointed. The
question was then taken, and the tellers reported—
ayes 74, noes not counted.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 19G,
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30th, 1853, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave to report the fol-
lowing bill, that it may be printed, ana referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, viz:
A bill making appropriations for certain fortifications in
the United States, ibr the year ending June, 1853.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. LOCKHA&T. On the 3d Monday isi
May the Committee on Territories made a report,
which was laid upon the table, and understood to
be ordered to be printed. The Clerk informs me
that the order was not made. I desire to have
such order now, and the entry made, so that it
may be printed.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House then
adjourned till Monday next at eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, JJugust 9, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the acting Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, a report of the Register
of the Treasury, with a statement showing the
amount of trust funds in the Treasury at the close
of the last four fiscal years, and a comparative
statement of the balances, per the annual printed
accounts, of the receipts and expenditures, and
those stated m the reports of finance for the
years ending 30th June, 1849-'50, and '51; which,
on motion by Mr. Bright, was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, calling
for estimates of the amounts that can be advanta-
geously expended in the construction of certain
fortifications during the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1853; which was, on motion by Mr. Shielbs,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a letter written to me by the Secretary of
the Interior, in relation to a debate that took place
the other day. In justice to him and to myself, I
ask the Senate to allow the letter to be reai.
The Secretary accordingly read the following
letter:
Washington, Jlugust 6, 1852.
Sir : I have this moment seen the report of the debate in
the Senate on the 4th instant, m regard to the compensation
of the Supenntendent of the Census,m which you are rep-
resented a? sajingthat the amendment to the apportionment
bill was piepaied at the Depai tinent of the Interior. In this
you are mistaken. I addies<ed a letter to you, which was
read in the Senate, sus£ge>ting the propriety of additional
legislation to remove alf difficulties in regard to his com-
pensation, by fixing it at .-=>3,000, but I prepared no amend-
ment, nor did I suggest any foim of effecting that object.
My oider to the disbursing agent was to pay Mr. Kennedy
$3,000, in the double capacity of Secretary and Superin-
tending Clerk. My letter to you also excludes the idea of
allowing two salaries, as iteuggests the propriety of putting
