1852.
that? How do we know the amount of duties
paid ? How can we ascertain with certainty the
facts on which the merits of a case would depend
if we were to admit the principle ? But it is unne-
cessary to go into that inquiry. The principle is
utterly inadmissible; and if we once act on it, we
may make up our minds to see a great many such
cases brought before us for relief. I hope the
Senate will reject this bill. It is a matter of some
importance, and if we wish to guard the public
Treasury against demands of this character, we
will reject the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is hardly possible to dis-
criminate sometimes which is the proper commit-
tee to ♦iiich a subject ought to be "referred. I
have always endeavored to refer all matters rela-
ting to the revenue system of the country to the
Committee on Finance I suppose this matter
went to the Committee 011 Commerce because it
originated in that committee in the other branch of
Congress. The report which has been read on
this subject, was made from that committee. I
have not had my attention called directly to the
subject involved in this bill. It was committed to
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who
is now necessarily absent. Inasmuch as he is the
member of the committee who has made a personal
examination into all the papers, and as lie is now
necessarily detained from the Senate, I mo\e that
the bill be laid upon the table. I think it is due
to him that he should have some opportunity of
defending the bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was laid
upon the table.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
alexander p. field.
The Senate then proceeded, as'in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a "joint reso-
lution for tlie relief of Alexander P. Field, late
Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and sureties."
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
Indiana, who reported that bill from the Commit-
tee on Finance, is not now in his seat, neither is
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dodge,] who feels an interest in the passage of
the bill; but I will state that I believe it is a proper
bill, which proposes to allow the proper officers of
tiie Treasury Department to settle the accounts of
the principal, with his sureties. It appears that
the principal proved to be insolvent, and the secu-
rities ask to come in and produce such vouchers
and moke such settlement as the principal himself
would have made.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third rgradimr.
tor a third rgradn
:en.
1, as in Commit
julia aiken
The Senate next proceeded, as inT^ommittee of
the Whole, to consider a bill for the relief of Julia
Aiken.
This was a bill reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, providing a pension to be paid to
Julia Aiken, the only child of William Yool, who
died in the naval service of the United States in
the year 1801.
A Ions; report was read in this case, from which
it appeared that William Yool was in the naval
service from 1797 to 1801, when he died in the
service. That he left a wife and an only childVj 
That by the first section of an act passed on theflj o
3d of March, JS37, the said Julia Aiken, daughter
of said William Yool, would have been entitled to
a pension but for the fact that the death of her
father had not been reported by an officer in the
Navy—a regulation required by the Navy De-
partment. That there was sufficient evidence of
the death of said William Yool while in the ser-
vice, but that as it had not been reported by an
officer as required, the defect could not now be
remedied, the officers who could have given such
evidence being all dead.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. FELCH. I do not fully understand that
case from the report. It seems to me it deceives
pome further consideration before we pass upon
it. It is manifest that it does not come under the
operation of any law now in force. As the Sena-
tor who reported the bill is not now in his seat, I
wish the matter may lie over for the present.
Mr. BADGER. I hope not. L think the case
is very clear. Every fact m the case seems to en-
title the petitioner to a pension under the act of
1837. But under one of the regulations of the
Navy Department, m carrying out the law of
1837, it is required that when the fact of the death
of the person in whose behalf the pension is asked,
does not appear from the roll, it must be established
by the evidence of a commissioned officer. Now,
the law of 1837 was retroactive; it declared that
the widows and children of all officers and seamen
who should die or had died in the naval service,
should be entitled to these pensions. Between the
death of this seaman, and the act of 1837, every
commissioned officer on board that ship, the En-
terprise, was dead. Under such circumstances,
| the pension could not be obtained. But the case
j comes clearly under the provisions of the act of
| 1837, and the evidence presented in the very able
{ report of the committee, shows, in a manner en-
j tirely satisfactory, that if the fact of the death had
j been certified to by the commissioned officers of the
ship, there would be no objection on the part of
j the Department to allow the pension. Now the
question is, whether, because this poor seaman
was not of sufficient consequence to have had his
death noticed at the time, and because of the
want of evidence of the death by a commissioned
officer, the pension shall not be allowed?
Mr. FELCH. I should like to inquire whether
j the person applying here would have been enti-
tled to this pension *but for the single fact that
the proof of death in the service was not strictly
formal ?
Mr. BADGER. That is the only difficulty.
Mr. BAYARD. By the law of 1637 it appears
that the widow of a deceased seaman would have
j been entitled to receive one half of the pay which
1 such seamen received while living, and in service,
so long as she did not intermarry. There is evi-
dence of the intermarriage of this widow, but the
time of that intermarriage is not stated. Now,
the effect of this bill will be to give to this daugh-
ter of the deceased one half of the pay to which
her father would have been entitled from the time
of his death until the year 1811, when she became
of age. The widow subsequently married; but
whether that nmrnage occurred before or after the
daughter became of age does not appear.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose it docs not appear,
as it would in-a legal pleading, that this widow
had intermarried, or that she had intermarried
when this pension would have been allowed, and
had therefoie forfeited it.
Mr. BAYARD. Under the law of 1837, unless
the object is to extend relief beyond what that
law would have done, the matter stands in a dif-
ferent position. But if it is not intended to ex-
tend the relief beyond what that law would allow,
then it ought to be ascertained when the widow
married. She was entitled, under the pension laws,
to receive one half of the pay which her husband
would have received, from the time of his death
to the time of her intermarriage. If the object in
this case is to extend to it the provisions of a spe-
cial act beyond the provisions of the law of 1837,
that is another question. The report, however,
■which has been read, seems to look to the law of
1837 as a governing principle, and the facts are
not stated v/ith sufficient clearness to let us know
whether the party is entitled to relief under that
law or not.
Mr. HALE. I am not opposed to the passage
f this bill; but I wish to know whether the Senate
will sanction the principle involved in this case.
For my own part, I am very willing, but 1 have
given advice to many persons in my own State,
who wished to obtain pensions under the act of
1837,against making any application on the ground
that the act of 1837 had been repealed. They are
cases that1 would come under that act, and such as
would entitle them to receive pensions if that act
were in force, and .would be favorably considered
by the Senate. If it be the sense of the Senate that
cases arising under that act, and which would
have been entitled to relief if the act were now in
force, can still be favorably received, then this case
will be applicable. 1 am willing to go upon that
principle, because there are persons in my own
State, whom I have advised session after session
that there was no possibility of getting a pension,
because the bill was repealed, ?md it having been
repealed, Congress would not take up cases which
would not have been precluded when the bill was
in force. If, however, it be the case that Congress
will grant relief in such cases, 1 shall not object,
because it will relieve some very meritorious cases
which I was heretofore of opinion could not be
relieved.
I think, however, that the pension should apply
only from the time of the marriage of the widow;
otherwise the child will get the pension for the
whole period as well as the widow.
Mr. BADGER. Thequestion suggested by the
Senator from New Hampshire isonethaUvill admit
of very grave consideration, if the bill flfet is now
before the Senate really raises-at. But the bill
before us is this: It is not to provide for a claim
undertaken to be brought forward under the act of
1837, after the repeal of that act. It is a very differ-
ent case. It is a case which was brought forward
while the act of 1837 was in full force, and the
party whose business it was to see it carried into
execution was then prepared to show under the
law, the existence of the servicc and the death,
but was precluded from being allowed to manifest
these facts by a rule adopted in the Department,
which excluded the evidence of ail persons except
commissioned officers as to the fact of the death in
the service. That is the case before us; and I
have no hesitation in saying, that in everyinstance
of that kind, in which the party applying for a
pension did what was in his power, under the law
while it was in force, obtained the benefit of the
law as much as though it were in force now. But
it would be a very different case, if people come
forward now who had brought forward no claim,
asserted no right, asked no relief while the law
was in force.
In the first place, it seems to me it is a plain
matter, a clear cask of a claim coming within the
statute, and preferred while it was in force, and
one which would have been allowed then but for
what—I may be permitted *to say—was rather
an absurd regulation of the Department, because
that regulation should have made an exception in
regard to cases where the commissioned officers
were dead. I believe all that the law requiresis, that
the highest kind of evidencewhich the nature of the
case admits of shall be given. It was so in this case.
There would have been some ground of suspicion,
if one or more of the commissioned officers had
been living when the representatives of the de-
ceased had come forward and offered thetestimony
of those who were of a lower grade in the service.
But when all the commissioned officers are dead,
they cannot be produced; and it seems there is a
necessity of having the evidence of other persons .
in order to arrive at the truth. It seems to me that
to avoid all suspicion of any attempt to hnpose on
the Department, by bringing forward other per-
sons, all the commissioned officers being dead, it
was sufficient foi the Department to have made an
order to admit just and reasonable evidence, in
conformity with the principle established in other
cases.
Mr. BAYARD. If this bill only proposed to
give relief in conformity with the provisions of the
law of 1837, supposing the proof to begood, then
I should make no objection to it; and if the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] will move
to restrict it to that, then I will go for the bill. But
it goes further than that; it provides that the
daughter—supposing that the proof of the death
was plenary—who would not, during the life of
the widow be entitled to the half-pay, should have
that half pay from the year 1801; and the bill does
not show, nor does the report, when the widow
married. The effect of the bill, therefore, will be
to carry out the compensation beyond the principle
of the law of 1^37. Unless the Senator will go
that far—and I see no reason for making Una
an exception—I cannot vote for this bill as it
stands.
Mr. BADGER. I will suggestan amendment,
which may perhaps meet the views of the Senator.
I will move to amend by striking out the words
"from and after the year 3801," and say, "fiom
and after the second marriage." That is the idea
1 wish to convey. The Senator has the bill before
him, and he will perhaps make the alteration,
Mr. GEYER, (in his seat.) The bill is ri^ht
as it stands. There is no necessity for such an
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina will not apply to
the bill. There are no such words as he proposes
to strike out.
Mr. BADGER. I understand from my friend
near me that the hill is all perfectly right,and that
it simply provides that this applicant should receive
the pension to which, under the law of 1837, she
would be entitled. It does not say that she#haLL -
