1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
ment,and whose heart is so warm in favor of the
great principles involved. It has been my good for-
tune hitherto to agree with him.
The question was taken upon Mr. Beale's
amendment, and it was'Viot agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I would ask
nowr-if an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] is in
order ? _
The CHAIRMAN.' Not now in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to amend
the first" section by striking out the word "cit-
izen," and inserting the word "resident."
' The CHAIRMAN. That is an amendment to
the original section, and is not in order until the
pending amendment is disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I supposed that the amend-
. ment had been disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
committee has not yet been voted upon.
Mr. TOWNSHEND. I move to strike out the
■words "native born" in the second line, and the
remainder in that line after the word "States,"
and then the third, fourth, and fifth lines.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order.
' Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Will it be in
order to move to strike out the entire original bill,
and oifera substitute for it?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not, in the opinion
of the Chair.- , '
, Mr. BROWN. What is the pending amend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to say a word in opposition to that amend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. There has been no speech
made upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not an amendment
offered since the committee went into session,
and therefore not debatable under the five-minute
rule.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
whole amendment proposed by the committee
which reported the bill.
Mr. STUART. That is the pending amend-
ment. A motion to strike that out cannot be in
order as an amendment to an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is equivalent to a ques-
tion, upon the original amendment, and is not
therefore in order.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would modify theamendment
if I am entitled (o the floor. 1 move to strike outall
after the word " fifty-two." I understand it 1ms
been amended on the motion of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Moore,] by striking out the five-
hundred-dollar qualification. 1 know 110 reason
whyaman who ownsa fai in inoneofthe old States,
and sells it for the very purpose of improving Ins
condition in a new State, and takes the proceeds
of his labor with him, should not be allowed the
benefits of this bill precisely the same as a man
who sells his personal property. I can see no
reason in it. If a man chooses to remove from
one of the old States into a new State and settle
there, let him sell his own land in the old State;
let him go and improve this land. As was well
said by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mi.
Moore,] the great object is to have the land culti-
vated, and it is not desirable that it should be cul-
tivated by poor men altogether.
Mr. CARTTER. ' I wish to ask my friend if
he would not become landless after he has sold it?
Mr. STEVENS. But there is a provision that
a man who has solf' his land for the purpose
of going there shall not be entitled. I wish to
strike that out. Let him sell his lands for the
purpose of emigrating to that country. Let him
take the proceeds of it. Let him lay out his
money in that country, and improve the land. It
-would be a very unhappy condition in society if
that country was to be settled altogether by pau-
pers—by men who had no means. I do not wish
to enlarge upon the subject. I make the sugges-
tion because it is in accordance with the spirit of
the amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Moore,] which, I think, was a very proper
one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] I will make a single remark. The idea
which he wishes incorporated m the first section
is clearly embraced in the substitute which I have
proposed for the first section of the bill. It strikes
out all in regard to the selling of property.
Mr. STEVENS. What 1 understand is, that
we are first to amend this, and if we cannot get it
right, then we will take the vote upon the amend-
ment, and after we have taken the vote upon his
we can amend no further. I modify my amend-
ment by striking out all after the words " who is
not th'e owner of land," the balance of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Agriculture, as follows:
" And who ha*j not disposed of his or her land for the
purpose of obtaining the benefit of tlie provision of this
act."
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand the object of
the amendment of the gentleman over the way, is
to allow thosepersons to sell their land and emigrate
to the West, so as to become the beneficiaries of
this law. I hope it will not be the pleasure of the
House to adopt that amendment. A gentleman
upon my right says: suppose the man sells fifty
acres? There is a general provision in this bill
which provides that persons must not be worth
five hundred dollars who avail themselves of the
benefits of this law. *
A Voice. That has been stricken out.
Mr, McMULLIN. That, I understand, has
been stricken out. The committee, then, has
thwarted one of the objects of the committee who
reported this bill. I beg gentlemen to remember
that if you adopt theamendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and allow
persons to sell their lands so as to accept the ben-
efits of this law, you will defeat one of the great
objects of the friends of the bill. A man may go
further, and sell $50,000 worth of land. It is the
purpose, us I undeistand, of the friends of this
bill to allow only such persons to receive at the
hands of the Government one hundred and sixty
acres of land, as are unable to purchase homes
from the Government.
Mr. AVEIIETT. I wish to know of my col-
league whether he contends that this Government
is to deny to a man owning land an equality of
rights with other citizens, simply because he owns
land ?
Mr. McMULLIN resumed: I do not mean to
discuss the question of equality .with him. My
colleague discussed that question the other day,
and he is too intelligent not to know that one half
of the laws passed by Congress are not equal. It
is contrary to the legislation of your country that
all law shall operate equally and alike. Does not
my colleague know—does not every member of
this House know, that one half of the laws which
we pass do operate uneqally and unjust? I say
here in my place, as one of the friends of this bill,
that if we go on and allow amendment after amend-
ment, you may make this bill so objectionable,
that its friends will be compelled to vote against
it. 1 do hope that those gentlemen who, in good
faith, choose to vote for this bill, will not allow
this amendment to prevail. I repeat again, if this
provision is stricken out, I shall be compelled to
vote against the bill. I will not allow myself to
give one hundred and sixty acres of land (o an in-
dividual who has the means to purchase a home
from the Government. The object of this bill is
to be charitable to the poor. The rich men of the
country have advantages enough now in the ordi-
nary legislation of the country; and here they are
coming forward again to amend this bill so as to
allow them to be benefited still further. I trust
that the gentleman over the way [Mr. Stevens]
will withdraw his amendment. If he will not, I
appeal to gentlemen on each side of the House,
who are disposed to go for this bill, and pass it in
good faith, to vote it down; and I be^ gentlemen,
who are the friends of this bill, to remember fur-
thermore, that every gentleman who intends to
vote against the bill, will vote for every amend-
ment presented, so as to make the bill as objec-
tionable as possible. I beg gentlemen to be on
their guard. I know enough of this sort of legis-
lation not to know that the enemies of the bill will
resort to every possible legislative strategy to de-
feat it by indirection.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me to say, I deem it the most im-
portant thing for the States in which these lands
lie, as connected with the whole subject of this
bill, to strike out this limitation, so that the very
best population may come into the States, of
which the character of the measure is susceptible.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope my friend will
pardon me, but my time is short. I beg gentle-
men to remember that there are but few members
from the old States who are going to vote for this
bill, and that those of us who represent the old
States must look to our own interests 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
vens's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. Is an amendment in order
which would strike out the whole amendment of-
fered by the Committee on Public Lands, and also
a part of the original sections? I desire to offer an
amendment which embraces a small portion of the
original section and the entire amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending, the Chair believes, reported from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SACKETT. From the Committee on
Agriculture, then.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, an amendment is only admissible which
applies to the amendment reported by the commit-
Mr. SACKETT. I will state my amendment,
that the Chair may see precisely what I wish to
embrace. I wish to strike out all after the word
" every," in the original section, to and including
the word shall," which would comprehend the
entire amendment proposed to be inserted by the
Committee on Agriculture.
The CHAIRMAN. That will hot be in order
until the committee have acted upon the amend-
mend of the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr.SACKETT. Thatisan amendment which
I desire to submit at some proper time.
Mr. PARKER. 1 move further to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " who is
not the owner of any land."
I think if the committee will direct their atten-
tion to that matter for one moment, they will see
that it ought to be done. I regard it as very im-
portant. I wish to direct the attention of the
committee to this fact, that there are frequently
large families, who, upon the decease of the head
of the family, "have the real estate divided out
amongst them. That real estate becomes actually
invested in them—in each member of the family of
some ten or twelve. It is cut up into small par-
cels, and each member of the family probably will
not own an amount'exceeding fifty or one hun-
dred dollars' worth of the old homestead. If this
feature of the bill is retained, it will debar all the
members of that family who may be heads of
families from acquiring any advantages by virtue
of this bill until they have sold the little estate
they have in land. They cannot avail themselves
of it until that is done. It is possible they might
meet with a purchaser and thus obviate the diffi-
culty, but that could not always be, and they would
thus have inducement to sacrifice the little estate
they may have for the purpose of acquiring new.
| I think, however, it is wrong in principle, as my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has al-
ready indicated. You do not wish to make these
Western States an asylum for the poor alone. As
the bill now stands a man may own a million of
dollars of personal estate, but if he have one hun-
dred dollars of real estate he cannot avail himself
of the benefits of this measure. I did not rise to
consume any length of time.
Mr. BEALE made a few remarks in opposition
to the amendment, which will be found incorpo-
rated in his previous speech.
The question was then taken on Mr. Parker's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I propose to strike out the
words, "and who has not disposed of his or her
| land for the purpose of obtaining the benefit of
! the provisions of this act."
The CHAIRMAN. Those words have already
been stricken out.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I would inquire of the
Chair whether the amendment of the Committee
on Agriculture has been so disposed of that an
amendment to it is now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. A part of the amendment
yet remains to be acted on.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I move to strike out
the words, " on the first day of January, 1852."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of "opinion
