1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
It was read; from which it appears that Captain
Capron fell in the battle of Cherubusco, near the
city of Mexico, on the twentieth day of August,
1847, leaving a widow wholly destitute of support,
and children, six in number, the oldest of whom
was only eight years old. In view of their desti-
tution, and in consideration of the gallantry and
many services of their deceased husband and
father, the committee reported a bill for the contin-
uance of her present pension to his widow.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I would only remark,
that the bill granting the pension to the widow
of this gallant officer was reported unanimously
from the Committee on Pensions at the last ses-
sion, and at this session a similar report has been
made to give a pension to his children for five
years. The petitioner prayed that the pension
might be given to her for the residue of her life.
The committee, however, did not conceive it
proper to give it for a longer period than five
years. There are precedents for the passing of
this bill. Bills have been passed in three other
similar cases. As this lady is in very indigent
circumstances, and has six children, the oldest of
whom is but eight years old, I hope the Senate
will pass the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the chairman of
the committee who reported this bill, if it is not
in violation of the existing law, to grant this pen-
sion ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly not.
Mr. DAWSON. Do you not propose to make
it an exception to the law as it now stands?
Why, then, will not the pension be paid without
the passing of this bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is proposed by this
bill to grant a pension to the children, not to the
widow. The report which was read was that
which was made at the last session, proposing to
give a pension to the widow during her widow-
hood.
Mr. DAWSON. That brings up the question
which I want to get at. Will we now adopt the
principle that we will pension all the children of
all the soldiers who were killed in our various
wars—that we will make an annual appropriation
to them? Will this Government do that? That
is the question. If you do it in this case what
is there to distinguish it from any other case in
which the husband or father was killed in battle?
If you put it on the ground of poverty, soldiers
are usually poor, and leave families in the same
way. If the principle is to be established, do it
at once by a general bill, and not by an individual
case in this way. If we do this forgone, let us do
it for all. *
Mr. SHIELDS. The very reason that the
petitioners apply for this pension is, that the
general law does not cover such a case. But I
must confess that I cannot see the force of the ob-
jection of the Senator from Georgia, because this
is a pension to the children, and not to the widow,
and these children are now fatherless, penniless,
and in poverty. I knew this officer well. I knew
him long before he fell in battle. 1 saw him after
he fell, and I must say that I know of no officer of
his rank in the Army of the United States who
possessed more gallantry and worth than he did.
I should regret exceedingly to see any opposition
to the granting of the pension, because I think it
is due to the children of this gallant officer, who
have no means to support them, and no protector
but a poor mother, who has been left a widow by
the fall of her husband. It is only for five years.
We have gone much further in other cases, for
officers of a higher grade, I admit, such as Gen-
eral Worth and others, but this officer, in his
grade, was as meritorious as any officer in the
Army of the United States. I would feel that I
was unjust to my own feelings if I did not state
my recollection of his worth, as a man and as an
officer. I saw hint when he fell in battle. I saw
his body there, and I should regret to see his
children thrown penniless upon the world.
Mr. DAWSON. I have understood that dur-
ing that campaign in Mexico there was not an
officer or soldier who ever turned his back upon
the enemy. Every man who died upon the battle-
field died nobly, and discharged his duty well. If
they have died in this way, and many of them
have left children, why will you select one and
provide for liis children, and leave thousands of
others unptovided for? My sympathies were ex-
cited when I heard my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Shields] speak of what he had seen. But we can-
not legislate upon sympathy. Any course of this
kind would beggar this Government. All the
money which we could collect would not be suffi-
cient to maintain and educate the children of de-
ceased officers and soldiers. I thought we had
b£en as liberal as any nation upon earth in pen-
sioning those who fight the battles of the country;
and I shall not object to this now, if you say that
you will establish a general principle, and let the
country understand that they are to be taxed to
support the children of every poor officer and sol-
dier who died in the service of thecountry. I can-
not see why poverty should give to the children of
A any advantage over the children of B, who may
have been lulled m a battle, but who had some
property. It is not for the purpose of raising or
educating children that we legislate. We have no
such power. It is for the purpose of compen-
sating services rendered to the country that we
give these pensions. The services of the man
who has been fortunate enough by his industry
to accumulate wealth, and still has courage suffi-
cient to cai;ry him to the field, and not send a sub-
stitute, and dies there, are as valuable as those of
the poor man. There is no power of discrimina-
tion in this Government between wealth and pov-
erty upon a principle of this kind. We should
stand upon a principle which recognizes the equal-
ity of all men who serve the country. I am un-
willing to adopt this partial position, and lay down
a dot here and there according to the desire of the
various representatives of different States as to
some very worthy and proper case to their own
knowledge. I know of fifty cases in my own State
where husbands and fathers died in Mexico, and
left their widows and children probably as poor as
these are; and can I consent to a bill of this kind
for an individual ease, and not make the same
grant to all? Upon principle I am opposed to it.
But if we have power to pass a bill, let us have it
so that all shall be entitled to the same aid.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would be very willing to
see a general bill and a general law, and I think it
would be due from the country to cover allsuch cases
as this, where the father has been killed in battle,
and where his children have been left minors and
orphans, and poor. I hold that the nation is
bound to step in and become a father of that fam-
ily. I put it upon the highest principles of moral ;
equity, that in such a case, the nation is bound to
step m and take the place of a parent. That there
is no general law is no reason why this bill should
not be adopted. On the^contrary, it is a reason
why it should be passed. But the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, who I know is as generous in
these matters as I am—and the view he take is not
opposed to the principle of this bill as far as I can
see—says this nation has been more liberal to-
wards its military men than any other nation in
the world. I tell that Senator that no nation on
God's earth has obtained such military service as
this nation has with so little cost. Why, your
armies have brought you through three wars; and
what have those armies cost you ? An army of a
nation of half the size, on a peace establishment,
in Europe, costs more than all your armies, in-
cluding pensions and all; for your soldiers fly to
your standard in the hour of danger, and when
the danger is over they retire to private life and
shift for themselves. And now, when you have a
case of this kind where a man has been killed in
battle, and his children are poor and destitute, can
you turn round and say that because there is no
general law to cover the case, these children shall
be turned out on the chanties of the world? Surely
not. I do not want to discuss this question fur-
ther.
Mr. BORLAND. The objection raised to this
bill by the Senator from Georgia is one that we
have heard time and again from him on every
proposition of this kind. I believe that no bill
granting a pension has ever come befere the Sen-
ate which he has not opposed, and generally, if
not exclusively, upon the ground he now urges. .
I think, however, that the very reason upon which !
he rests his objection is a reason why we should i
pass the bill. He objects to it because it is not a
general bill including all cases. That can be no
objection to this bill, unless the passing this pre-
cludes us from passing a general bill. But the
passage of this bill, giving pensions to these chil-
dren, does not preclude us from passing a general
bill, or bill for every individual case equally meri-
torious which may come before us. On the con-
trary, it makes a precedent for them. , But I am in
favor of special bills of this sort, because I wish to
put each case on its own individual merit. We
have general laws on the subject of pensions, and
for general purposes they are very liberal, an#
give as much discretion to the Executive officers •
of this Government as I think it is safe and proper
to give them. You cannot by general laws pro-
vide for every case of merit. It is because cases
like this are not and cannot be embraced in those
general laws that the petitioners have now come
here. They show their claim to be one strong in
equity and m every consideration that should en-
title them, to the bounty of the Government, I
hold that Congress is the proper and only safe
and proper tribuual for the adjudication of such
claims, and. determine whether they are individ-
ually meritorious or not. For myself, I am will-
ing and resolved to vote for every case that can
be shown to be as meritorious as this. I have
voted for a number of such cases, and I shall con-
tinue to vote for them, whenever they may come
up, as long as there is a dollar in the Treasury to
pay them with.
The Senator from Georgia says he opposes
this because it is not a general bill, and yet we
find him opposing all bills of the kind. Be-
cause it is not now proposed to provide for every
case that may hereafter come before us, he is de-
termined to provide for none, howevermeritorious,
and however needy ! An extraordinary reason it
seems to me.
Now, I agree freely, and will go cordially with
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] as far
its he has indicated his willingness to go; and if
there be any one willing to go further, I will go as
far as the furthest, in providing for the widows
and orphans who have been made such, and left
destitute of the means of subsistence, by the pa-
triotic devotion of their husbands and fathers to the
cause of their country upon the field of battle. I
do not think we can expend the public money in
a holier cause, or in a better way.
Senators talk about bankrupting the Govern-
ment, by taking care of the widows and orphans
of those who have taken care of the country in
the hour of its peril and its need I Bankrupt the
Government indeed! Where, sir, I would ask,
would the Government have been, but for the
warm hearts and strong hearts of those men who
flew to its standard in the hour of danger, and not
only illustrated its honor, but actually preserved
its existence? Such men, sir, have a claim,
which I cannot resist, not only upon the justice
and equity of this Government, but upon its grati-
tude; and thatclaim descends to their widows and
orphans with an augmented force, which I, for one,
will never question, and never seek to resist or
evade.
Such men (and the father of these children was
such a man) enter our military service, not because
the provisions of any general law, as part of the
conditions of their service, promise the care and
protection of those most dear to them in the event
of their death, which we now propose to give-
there is no such general law—but they were act-
uated by higher and less selfish motives. And
now we are called upon to respond to those high
and unselfish motives, by exercising the highest and
holiest sentiments of our nature—not only justice
and equity, but generous sympathy and gratitude.
Shall we fail in those high duties to ourselves and
our country, which considerations like these im-
! pose upon us ?
I If the Senator from Georgia will bring forward
! a general bill, such as helms alluded to, to include
I all cases as meritorious as this, and will give it
such form as to make it practicable in its opera-
tion, I will cheerfully vote for it. Bat I do not
think this can be done. I think the only proper and
safe foundation for legislation for such cases, is the
particular merit of each case. I am willing and
desirous to sit as a court of equity upon each case as
it arises, with the authority arvd, purpose to in-
clude national gratitude among the considerations
which shall control my judgment.
Mr. HAMLIN, 1 have no hope of arresting
the progress of tbia bill; but as I propose to vote-
with the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mi\.
Dawson,] I desire to state a few of the reasons
which control my vote. If I were to listen to tha
counsels of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
