1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2148
at that he possessed, what he so justly deserved,
an enviable reputation for his extensive and varied
learning:. His knowledge of jurisprudence gave
him a position at the American bar of which the
most ambitious aspirant might well be proud. His
intimate and critical acquaintance with history,
especially with the history of more modern times;
his accurate and minute knowledge of the science
of political economy and of statistics, rendered
him at once an interesting and instructive com-
panion. Sir, the just fame which Mr. Rantoul's
indefatigable industry achieved for him, both as a
scholar and a lawyer, is calculated to open up the
well-springs of hope and promise in the hearts of >
our young men who pant ambitiously for such
distinction. I have reason to believe that his life,
in the delicate and tender relations of a husband
and father, was perfectly irreproachable. What-
ever loss others have sustained by his death, there
are those surviving in his own family circle to
whom that loss is irreparable. When death re-
moves a husband and a father, ruptures those af-
fections, and tears asunder those ties which form
the primal bonds of society, his work of desola-
tion seems almost complete. Who is there that
would not sympathize with the wail of the widow
and the cry of the orphan? And yet how utterly
unavailable is all human sympathy! May the
blessings of Him who alone can give consolation
rest upon their desolate hearts.
Mr. MACE. Mr. Speaker, I request the indul-
gence of the House for a few moments, to add a
brief tribute to the memory of the deceased. Prior
to the present session of Congress, I had no ac-
quaintance with Mr. Rantoul, but from reputa-
tion. It was my good fortune to form his favor-
able acquaintance early in the session, and being
seated near him, and associated with him as a
member of the Committee on Claims, that ac-
quaintance resulted in a mutual friendship, which
continued uninterrupted until his last illness. As
a companion, he was rationally social m an emi-
nent degree; modest and retiring, yet, on proper
occasions, ready to inform, instruct, and enlighten
upon subjects of morals, science, politics, and other
useful matters, in all of which his mind was well
stored. As a legislator, he took a large and liberal
view of all questions affecting the interest and well-
being of the nation, and was not tied down to his
district or State. The generosity and kindness of
his nature were manifest in all his acts; he had a
strong leaning in favor of the individual and col-
lective rights of the masses, who are unable to
compete with wealth and power. By his death
the House has lost one of its most distinguished
and honored members, and his companions here
have lost one that they will long remember with
keen and melancholy sorrow. The event admon-
ishes all of us to be "also ready."
Mr. CLARK. I desire that my voice should
be heard upon this occasion; and perhaps the best
reason which can be given for it is, that I am a son
of Massachusetts. This is a sad occasion, which
opens again before us the narrow, cold, and re-
pulsive tenement—and it is appointed for each one
of us; and it is all the more sad, as the arrows fly
thick around, sparing neither the humble nor the
exalted. The Destroyer comes and cuts down one
in the noontide of life, ere yet time and circum-
stances had enabled him to develop his powers
and acquire a name. He comes again, and takes
from the pinnacle of the temple him of far-reaching
fame, made up of a long life of noble aspirations
and immortal achievements. Again he comes,
and tears away another who had power
il To climb the steep where Fame's proud temple shine?!
alar
but He who holds the destiny of men in his hands
did not suffer it.
There is a mournful consolation in a long pre-
monition of the approach of that hour on which
eternity is hung. So eager, so absorbed are most
men in the interests which lie nearest to them,
that they defer the consideration of those which
belong to a sure but mystic eternity, unless ad-
monished that they are at hand. To our associate
and brother Death came with a stealthy step, and
aimed his fatal shaft in ambush. It may be that
he was not unmindful of such an encounter and
such a result. If so, it was well. If it shall be
so with us it will be well.
My acquaintance with Mr. Rantoul was not
extensive or confidential. I can speak of him
only as a public man, as a man who has made his
mark and established his character by those men-
tal efforts so characterized by great knowledge,
acute discrimination, and exalted abilities. I shall
say nothing of his party connections or his politi-
cal opinions; for these he was responsible, not to
us, but to those who clothed him with authority
and sent him here. His voice in this Hall of legis-
lation was but the voice of nearly one hundred
thousand freemen speaking through him under a
sense of the inappreciable right of freedom of
speech. That his views upon certain great ques-
tions of national import did not accord with those
entertained by most of us here, is no doubt true.
But who shall call 111 question his sincerity of
heart and purpose? The truth of his opinions
will be tested by the unerring judgment of public
sentiment and future history; the same tribunal
which will judge us all.
His views upon some subjects were eminently
characterized by expansiveness, liberality, and
progress. No man here had more correct, safe,
and national views ofourcommercial relations with
other nations than he had; none more extensive
and accurate knowledge of the public domain, and
the purposes to which it might be legitimately and
profitably applied. And, however his opinions
upon any subject might have differed from others
here, he was always ready to sustain them with
reasons worthy the consideration of the strongest
and the best. In him the antagonist of skill and
power might have found a foeman worthy of his
steel.
But it is no part of my purpose to dwell upon
any phase of Ins public character, but rather to
improve the moment in a moral point of view.
But yesterday the man of vigor, of hope, of virtu-
ous ambition, and cheering prospects, was among
us and of us. We heard his voice in the stern
debate, contending for the right as he understood
it; to-day his vigor is as the withered grass, his
hope as the light which has expired; his ambition
is chilled, and his prospects are beyond the bound-
ary of mortal vision. "No flattery now can
soothe the dull, cold ear of death."
Who shall refuse to stand admonished by the
lesson before him? Who will forget that " life is
a short uncertain day ?" and who will shut his
eyes to the accumulated responsibilities which lie
beyond it ?
It is not wrong to strive for the splendors of
honor and reputation; but their elements should
be made up of truth, justice, and charity; and all
that is acquired in violation of these will be, like
the memory of the wicked, "to rot." Day by
day we are called to the dischargeof arduous duty,
which is sometimes mingled with anxiety and
strife. Should not our feelings he chastened as
we behold the consummation of life in one, while
yet the great works which he had projected were
but half completed? Should we not remember
that our dwelling-place is in the dust?
Life has been compared to an ever-flowing
stream, and most fitly. It bears us, in our waking
and our sleeping hours, down its current, and out
upon that wide expanse from which there is no
refluent course. And how rapidly each one of us
may be nearing the great bend which shall disclose
it in wonder to his vision, none can tell; but to him
who has nobly done all his duty it can be matter
of but little concern.
"There Faith lifts up her cheerful eye
To brighter prospects given,
And views the tempest pasMng by,
The evening thadovvs quickly flj,
And all's serene in Heaven.1'
The question was taken upon the several reso-
lutions, and they were unanimously adopted.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and reteired to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BIUGGS : The memorial of Martin Bates & Co,,
and others, of the city of New York, for the immediate
passage of a law by Congress for the better security ot lives
on board of vessel1* propelled in whole or in part by steam.
Also, the memorial of Barton & Co., for the same.
Also, the memoual of Robert (J. Wctmore, for the same.
Also, the memorial of C. S. Bogardus. for the same.
Also, the memorial ot Win. B. Wakeman, for the same.
Also, the memorial of Henry N. Beach and others, of the
city of New Yoik. (or the passage of a law for the better
security of lives on board of steamboat*.
Also, the memorial of Messrs. Brush & Co., and others,
for the same.
Also, the memorial of Jonathan Trotter and others, for
the same.
Also, the memorial of Hamilton & Heniman and others,
for the same.
Also, the memorial of James B. Bartram and others, for
the same.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of D. Isles
& Co., and other citizens along the route, praying for a post
road from Washington, in the parish of Si. Landry, to
Huddleston, in the parish of Rapides, Louisiana.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
After which the reverend gentleman announced,
with the permission of the President, the death of
a child of the Hon. W. M. Gwin, Senator from
California, and invited the members of the Senate
to attend the funeral this afternoon.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
calling for information in relation to the revenue
collected by James Collier, late collector of the
customs at San Francisco; which was ordered to
be laid on the table and printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
calling for information in relation to the public
lands in the State of Louisiana; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, oflowa, presented a petition of the
clerks in the Washington city post office, praying
to be allowed extra compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that the bill commonly
known as the "homestead bill, "may become a law;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
of ladies of Memphis, Tennessee, praying that
the grounds and buildings formerly used as a pub-
lic arsenal, may be granted to the " Widows and
Orphans' Asylum of Memphis;" which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of John
G. Camp, late marshal of Florida, praying that
the accounting officers of the Treasury may be
directed to settle his accounts on the principles
which now govern marshals' accounts in like
cases; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. TOUCEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Connecticut, approving of the acts
of the last Congress known as the " compromise
measures;" which were read, and ordered to be
laid upon the table and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of James P. Delacour, only son of James
Delacour, praying to be allowed bounty land for
the services of his father in the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
SHAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been requested
to present to the Senate the memorial of Black-
hoof, Joseph Parks, Sar-ke-se-moe, and Spy Buck,
delegates from the Shawnee nation of Indians.
In this petition, which is lengthy, they set forth
their relations to the United States, and refer es-
pecially to the prosecution of the claim which has
been under the consideration of the Senate. They
also show that in consequence of delays in ob-
taining their claim, upon advice, it was found
necessary to employ an agent; that they accord-
ingly employed Mr. Richard W. Thompson to
assist them in the prosecution of their claim. They
set forth the contract entered into with him, and
the manner in which that engagement took place.
Having stated all this, they proceed to state that
they do not think that they could accept a patent
for a hundred thousand acres of land within the
bounds of the fifty miles square granted to their
brethren, the Missouri Shawnees, without doing
them injustice; that they are not willing to do
them injustice by excluding them from any portion
of the land to which they are entitled by the
treaty of 1825. They conclude this long petition
by asking Congress to consider the whole circum-
