2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10.
stances of the case, and, if they please, to make
them a pecuniary compensation instead of a com-
pensation in land.
They further state, that as they represent the
•whole nation, and as Mr. Thompson is the attor-
ney of the nation, they will agree to give a receipt
in fall for all claims they may have against, the
United States growing out of the treaty of 1831.
I move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and I trust that that com-
mittee will give it their careful consideration before
the Indian appropriation bill is finally disposed of,
and endeavor to settle the controversy now exist-
ing, if possible.
Mr, WALKER. During the debate on a pre-
vious day, on the item of appropriation concern-
ing these Indians, I said that if the amendment
then under consideration was defeated, I would
offer a section proposing to set apart the 100,000
acres of land appropriated to the Ohio Shawnees
by the treaty of 1831. I have drawn this section
in compliance with my pledge at that time:
Sec.—. And he it farther enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required fo cau*e to
be partitioned and set apart to those Indians heretofore
known as the Ohio Shawnees in severalty the 300,0U0 acres
of land stipulated in their favor by Hip treaty of 1831: tiie
said 100,000 acres of land to be parurioned and set apart
within the fifty miles square granted to the Missouri Shaw-
nees by or in virtue of the treaty with them of 18.25.
I intended to offer this amendment at the proper
time, but as I understand the memorial just read,
these Shawnees do not desire to have the land set
apart for them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will repeat that they
state that if the 100,000 acres is set apart to them
in severalty, under the treaty of 1831, they con-
ceive that it will be doing injustice to the Missouri
Shawnees, whom they regard as having a right
to occupy any portion of that fifty miles squaie,
and they are apprehensive that the Missouri
Shawnees will regard these Ohio Shawnees—for I
believe these persons who are here are of the
Ohio tribe—as attempting to provide for their
portion of the tribe improperly; and thev say, in
their petition, that such an act would destroy the
peace and harmony existing among them at home.
They are not, therefore, willing to do anything
which would bring upon them the odium of that
charge, and disturb the harmony now happily ex-
isting between all portions of the nation, us now
amalgamated by the union of the two portions of
the tribe. That is as I understand the matter.
Mr. WALKER. It then amounts to an objec-
tion on the part of the Ohio Shawnees, to have a
partition of 100,000 acres set off to them. The
reasons on which that objection is based, may be
very good; 1 am inclined'to think they are. But
that only strengthens the conviction that rested
upon my mind during the debate the other day,
that they would not consent to have the 100,000
acres set off to them within the fifty miles square.
In other words, they do not want the treaty car-
ried out specifically, hut they want money in lieu
of it. The reason for that, I said, was very ob-
vious, which was that interested agents might jyet
their share of the money; whereas if land was
given, they could not £et anything.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The petition shows that
this agent was not employed until their chum was
rejected, and they had received advice th.U an
agent was necessary to enable them to succeed m
securing the chum.
Mr. WALKER. That is usually the case.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Commiitee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Samuel Brenton, praying that a claim allowed to
T. A. II. Edwards, and erroneously paid to .Tames
McKay, may be investigated, and relief afforded
to the lawtul owners of si id claim, asked to he
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of the
executors of Henry Eckford, deceased, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to j
be printed. 1
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af- ;
fairs, to which were referred the several memorials ,
of citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania, and the j
resolutions of the Legislature of that State, in fa-
vor of the establishment of a navy-yard and dry-
dock on the lake frontier, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which was
agreed to.
Healso submitted a report onthe subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Otway H. Berryman, praying to be allowed the
amount of money paid by him in the adjustment
of his accounts as purser, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
-Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of R. M. Heath, the agent of the State of Vir-
ginia, praying that certain moneys expended by
that State in organizing the Virginia regiment of
volunteers for the Mexican war be refunded, sub-
mitted a report on thesubject; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the agent of the State
of Georgia, praying that the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department may be authorized to
allow arid pay all accounts intended to be provided
for by the act of Congress of 11th August, 1842,
" providing for the settlement of the claims of
4 Georgia for the services of her militia, &c., when
i it shall be made to appear that the State has al-
s lowed and paid the same," submitted a report on
the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
He also submitted an amendment m each case,
which he intends to offer to the bill to appropriate
money for the support of the Army, when it comes
up for consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, which was directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of printing an additional number of the
papers which accompanied the President's mes-
sage in relation to the fisheries, submitted a report
in favor of printing two thousand additional copies
thereof; which was agreed to.
THE FALLS OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which was referred a bill to provide
more effectually for overcoming the obstruction to
the navigation of the Ohio river at the Palls thereof,
have had the subject under consideration, and at
the same time have taken into consideration va-
rious petitions and memorials from different points
of the United States to the same effect, and have
directed me to make a report in writing, and
ask that the bill which was referred to them be
laid upon the table, and to report two bills upon
the petitions referred to them. I move that the
bill which was referred to the committee be laid
upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
that a bill was referred to the committee, and they
repot t it back and move that it lie upon the table.
There were petitions of a similar character be-
fore the committee in answer to which they report
two bills, which bills will have their first reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is it not unusual to re-
port back a bill, and lay it upon the table imme-
diately ?
The PRESIDENT. The object is to get the
bill out of the way, in order to take up the bills
which are reported in answer to the prayer of the
petitioners.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will state that the committee
had a bill referred to them, the object of which
was to overcome obstructions at the Falls of the
Ohio river. They had also referred to them va-
rious petitions and memorials from different parts
of the United States having the same object in
view. The committee, after examining the whole
subject, have directed me to prepare a report giv-
ing the reasons pro and con why they arrive at the
conclusion that the bill referred to them should be
ordered to he upon the table, and at the same time
introduce two new hills, one having for its object
the transfer of the Louisville and Portland canal
to the State of Kentucky, the other for the purpose
of establishing a canal on the Indiana shore. Now,
I apprehend it is entirely proper to ask that the
bill which was referred to the committee be ordered
to lie upon the table, with the view of taking up
the bills which are reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator makes two
separate reports. The first is, that the bill which
was referred to the committee be laid upon the
table. That is the first question. The next is
upon the petitions, in answer to which they report
two bills. They will be taken up in their order,
and read a first time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Why not report the
bill back, and let it go on the regular orders?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot say;
but the report of the committee is to lay the bill
which was referred to the committee upon the
table.
The bill was ordered to lie upon the table.
The following bills, reported from the committee,
were then severally read a first time, and passed
to a second reading:
A bill for the construction of a national arsenal,
armory, and foundry, at the Falls of the Ohioriver,
in connection with a public canal for the use of
the army and navy, trade and commerce, and for
the supply of water power for manufacturing ord-
nance and arms for the use of the United States;
and
A bill for the relinquishment to the State of
Kentucky of the stock held by the United States
in the Louisville and Portland Canal Company,
with a view of making that canal free to naviga-
tion and commerce.
The report was ordered to he printed.
TRANSFER DRAFTS, ETC.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate, a statement of the amount of each
and every transfer draft issued since the 1st of January,
1850, on any of the deposjtanes in tavor of other deposita-
nes, or the Treasurer of the United States at Washington;
specifying the date of each of such drafts, and the dates at
which they were respectively payable and paid, to the de-
positaries in whose favor they were drawn. Also, the
mode by which said transfers were made, stating particular-
ly whether made m charge of officers of the United States,
or by private individuals, corporate banks, private bankers,
or brokers, with their lespective names, or in any other man-
ner, and the expense of making each, together with copies
of all corresspondenee or instructions in relation to each
of such drafts. Also, a statement of each and every order
issued since January 1, 1850, (other than transfer drafts or
treasurer's checks or warrants,) and by whom issued, on
collectors or receivers, whether depositaries or not, requir-
ing them, or any of them, to pay over money in their hands
to any depositary, or to any other officer of the United
States, or to any person or persons or corporations not cred-
itors of the United States, with the date and amount of
each of such oiders, when payable, to whom and when
paid; and by whom such orders were respectively collected,
witli the expense of collecting each ; also, copies of all cor-
respondence or instructions in relation to such orders. Also,
a statement showing the amount and date of each of such
transfer drafts or orders, if any, which were not paid at ma-
turity, or are now due and unpaid ; on whom drawn, in
whose favor, with the name or names of the person or
persons employed to make such transfers, or collect such
orders. And if any such be unpaid, although due, what
measures have been adopted to secure the amounts so un-
paid. Also, if any security, and what, was given to insure
the prompt payment into the Treasury, or to any depositary,
of every such tiansfer draft or order, when made, or col-
lected by others than officers of the United States.
CADWALADER WALLACE.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the bill
for the relief of Cadwalader Wallace was read
a second time, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider it as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to provide that the President of the United
States shall be authorized and required to cause to
be ascertained what lands are held and owned by
Cadwalader Wallace, in that part of the Virginia
military reservation which lies between Ludlow's
and Roberts's lines, and south of the Greenville
treaty line, in the State ofOhio, upon locations made
between those lines, in conformity to the laws of
Virginia, since the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Doddridge's
lessee against Thompson and Wright, under and
in virtue of Virginia military warrants issued for
services in the Virginia line on continental estab-
lishment; and that he also cause to be ascertained
what amount of money was received into the
Treasury from the sale of the same lands by the
United States, and that he thereupon shall pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Cadwalader Wallace, the money
so received from the sale of said lands, so as afore-
said held and owned by the said Cadwalader
Wallace: Provided, That before such payment
shall be made, the said Cadwalader Wallace shall
relinquish, by deed or deeds of conveyance to the
United States, in such manner as the President
shall direct, his title to said lands.
