2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
compared them with the treaty, and I have in-
serted, of my own accord, a proviso that not one
dollar of the money is to be used until the assent
of the Indians shall be obtained to the Senate's
amendment, to the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. The next amendment which
I wish to offer, is to insert the following:
For presents to the Camanches and Kiawas, and other
Indans on the Arkansas river, and to enable the President
to treat with said Indians, $20,000.
I have a communication from the Department
of the Interior on this subject, but I will briefly
state the reasons for the amendment, so that it
will perhaps be unnecessary to read the commu-
nication. The Camanches, in very large num-
bers, and the Kiavvas, are now,and they have been
for some time past, on the Arkansas river, and cer-
tain presents are expected by them. They say
they have been promised presents by Mr. Fitz-
patrick, the Indian agent at the head of the Ar-
kansas river. For the purpose of keeping the
peace, and permitting trade and travel to go on
uninterruptedly on the great route from the Uni-
ted States to New Mexico, it is deemed necessary
that this appropriation should be made in order to
give these presents to the Indians. 1 admit that
it is a tribute paid for the purpose of keeping the
peace; but if we can purchase peace at the expense
of presents to the amount of $20,000 wkh these
tribes of Indians upon this route, we shall do well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. The next amendment which
I wish to offer, is to insert—
For the Omaha Indians, $25,000—-$5,000 thereof to be
expended annually umh-r the direction of the President for
the rehef and improvement of said Indians.
I have a communication from the Department
on this subject, thesubstance of which I will state.
These Omaha Indians own territory above the
Council Bluffs, not far from the town called
Kanesville, on the north side of the Platte river.
Directly through their country passes all the em-
igration to California and Oregon, by the northern
route. There came on a delegation last winter
making complaints to the President; they say
they are a small band, perhaps three or four hun-
dred in number, all told; that they are not. strong
enough to go upon the plains and subsist them-
selves by buffalo hunting; thatthey rely upon the
small quantity of com and potatoes, and other
vegetables which they raise,and the game in their
country for subsistence—principally upon the
latter, and that now, since this immense emigra-
tion to California and Oregon has set in, passing
directly through their country, it has driven the
game out of it; that the emigrants destroy their
timber and use their grass. They ask some com-
pensation for this. They allege that they have
always been upon friendly terms with the United
States; that they have scrupulously complied with
all the treaties which they have made with the
Government; and that the Government has viola-
ted those treaties by permitting this emigration to
pass through their country. They ask the Gov-
ernment to give them some compensation for five
years, until they can open farms and subsist them-
selves by agriculture. The committee were of
opinion that their demand was reasonable, and,
therefore recommenced the adoption of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there a proviso, that the
payment of this money shall cease at the end of
five years ?
Mr. ATCHISON. There is only $25,000 ap-
propriated—$5,00C are to be expended annually;
so that it must cease at the end of five years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. The next amendment
which I have to propose, is based upon estimates
made by the Superintendent of Indian Affairs. It
is to insert:
For expenses of the California superintendency, to wit:
Salary of the Superintendent  $4,000
Salary of clerk to the Superintendent  2,500
Office rent, stationeiy, fuel, light*, and postage on
official letters  7,500
Messengers  S,ofl0
Interpreters  3,000 <
Contingent expenses, including the traveling ex-
penses of agents in theirdi«uncts  12,500
Presents arid provisions for Indians visiting the
Superintendency  3,000
Traveling expense5? of the Superintendent and the
necessary attendants on visits of inspection, in-
cluding the purchase of animals and camp equi-
page   5,000
Furniture for Superintendent's office  1,000
One iron safe for Superintendent's office  1,000
Flags for distribution among the tribes  500
$42,500
Mr. President, there are two items in this
amendment for which I think the estimates are
very high, and which I shall propose to amend.
Let me go over the estimates. The first is $4,000
for salary of the Superintendent. That is the
salary provided by law. The next is $2,500 for
the salary of his clerk. That also is the salary
provided by law. The next item is for office-rent,
stationery, fuel, lights, and postage on official let-
ters, $7,500. My impression is, that this item is
very extravagant. 1 cannot see how the sum can
possibly be expended. I consulted with the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Weller,] in relation
to it, and he was of the opinion, if I understood
him right, that, although rent was extravagantly
high in California, compared with house-rent
here, or anywhere on the eastern portion of this
continent—yet $3,500 would be sufficient for this
purpose. At all events, that appropriation can now
be made, and if it should turn out to be insuffi-
cient, a larger appropriation may be made at the
next session of Congress. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out in thisitem, " $7,500,"
and inserting <£ $3,500."
The next item is $2,500 for messengers. If
these messengers be used forthe purpose for which
the Superintendent proposes to use them, as ex-
presses to send from one portion of the country
to the other in his communications with different
agents and different tribes of Indians, 1 think it
may be well enough, and that the sum is not un-
reasonable; but if the messengers are merely to
be about the office, I think the amount is very un-
reasonable; but he has written a letter, in which
he explains the matter. The next item is for
$3,000 for interpreters. That, [ suppose, is as
small a sum as they can possibly get along with
in California. The next item is $12,500 for con-
tingent expenses, including the traveling expenses
of the agents in their districts. I do not know
what these contingent expenses are, but I have a
statement here of what he supposes them to be.
Let that pass. The next is for traveling expenses
of Superintendent and necessary attendants on
visits of inspection, including the purchase of ani-
mals and camp equipage, $5,000. I suppose that
will be reasonable. A t all events, if the money is
not expended, the Superintendent, being an honest
man, will carry the balance to the credit of the
United States. The next item is $1,000 for fur-
niture for the Superintendent's office. The Senate
had this question before them when the deficiency
bill was under consideration, and then, I believe,
it was ruled that $300 would supply the Superin-
tendent's office with furniture; but I propose to
amend this item by inserting " $500 " instead of
" $1,000." The next item is $1,000 for an iron
safe. 1 am not acquainted as to that, but I sup-
pose a good safe would cost that amount by the
time it could be got to California. The next item
is $500 for flags for distribution among the Indian
tribes. I suppose that is not more than enough.
If any Senator requires a further explanation, I
will send to the Chair the estimates made by the
Superintendent of Indian Affairs, which may be
read.
Mr. WELLER. I doubt very much whether
$3,500, which the Senator from Missouri proposes
as an amendment to the item for office-rent, sta-
tionery, fuel, lights, and postage, will answer the
purpose designed. I understood the Senator from
Missouri originally to intend merely to reduce the
amount of rent, and I informed him in conversa-
tion that the rent of a proper office would not cost
more than $3,000; but I understand him now to
propose to reduce the whole item, including- rent,
stationery, fuel, lights, and postage, to $3,500. I
do not know that that will answer the purpose,
though I am very confident that an office can be
obtained in California, even in San Francisco, at
$200 or $250 per month; but I shall interpose no
objection to the amendments of the Senator from
Missouri.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I wish to offer the following
amendment:
For supplying a deficiency in the appropriations hereto-
fore made for removing the Choctaw Indian*, as estimated
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $37,41*2.
The PRESIDENT. Is that in conformity with
estimates ?
Mr. BELL. Precisely in conformity to the es-
timates furnished. I know that when this subject
was up before, a question was made as to the re-
ception of this claim as an amendment to an ap-
propriation bill, upon the allegation that it was a
Frtvate claim. I present it now in a shape which
think is conformable sufficiently and in substance
to the rule, and I hope there will be no objection
to it. This amendment provides for the claim of
William B. Hart. His name is not mentioned,
because he is really not the beneficiary. The in-
terest in the claim is held by a number of persons,
assignees of the parties concerned, because I be-
lieve, without any exception,all concerned are
bankrupted by the transaction. It is a distribu-
tion, according to someequitableprinciples, among
the whole of them; and the Department recom-
mends this appiopriation as a consideration forthe
interference of the Government in the removal.
This is a question which has been considered
during two preceding sessions, and has received the
sanction of the Senate. The Committee on Indian
Affairs were unanimous upon the subject. The
committee prepared a report upon the subject some
two years ago. The claim had been pending be-
fore the Indian Office for many years, and that
Office had recommended it to Congress. The De-
partment of the Interior has made an estimate for
the payment of this sum, and it is included in the
annual report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, under the authority of the Secretary of the
Interior, sent in at the present session of Congress,
and stands as a part of the annual estimates of the
Indian Department for the present year.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
rule, and the Senate can decide whether the amend-
ment is in order. Rule 30 is:
"No amendmentproposingjulditional appropriations shall
be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it be
made to carry out the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate during
that se*su.ni, or moved by duection of a >tamling committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from the head
of some of the Departments; and no amendment shall be
received whose objectis to provide for a private claim, al-
though the same may have been previously sanctioned by the
Senate."
It is for the Senate to decide whether or not this
is a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that on a previous
occasion the Senate decided that this was a private
claim, when it was offered as an amendment to
the deficiency bill. It seems to me that it is a pri-
vate claim. 1 think it very desirable that we
should give some construction to this rule, which
would make it efficient for the purpose designed.
It seems to me that all appropriations should be
considered as for private claims, except those that
are in pursuance of some law, or of some treaty,
or for the current service of the year. The gen-
eral appropriation bills should be devoted to those
objects—to carry out existing laws and treaties,
and to provide for the current service of the year.
You have, however, to make allowances to indi-
viduals, commissioners, ministers, charges, &c.,
for whom there is no previous appropriation. It
seems to me very desirable that all other matters
containing appropriations, should be excluded
from general appropriation bills. It is necessary
in many points of view. I hold that it will enable
the Senate to act more understandingly upon the
appropriation bills, if they are confined to provis-
ions for existing laws and treaties, and for the cur-
rent service of the year. Another reason is, that
it seems to be the fairest mode of legislation be-
tween the two Houses of Congress. Why is it that
gentlemen wish to get private bills upon the general
appropriation bill ? In order to force those private
bills upon the consideration of the other House.
Gentlemen say that it is useless to pass private
bills here, because they are not considered in the
other House. It seems to me that it is not quite
fair, as between the two Houses, to use the appro-
priation bills for the purpose of forcing particular
and favored cases on the consideration of one
House or the other, and make them either pass
those claims or reject the general appropriation
bills. It is in some measure making them legis-
late under duress in relation to these things.
But the great reason, it seems to me, why this
rule should be strictly construed, and why i
should be absolute, is, that it will enable us, tot
