870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
Dunham, Evans, Ficklin, Fieeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gid-
din^s, Goodenow, Giow, Hamilton, Harper, Haws, Hebard,
Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay, Horsford, Hous-
ton, John W- Howe, Thomas M  Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Hunter, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Knhns,
Mace, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Mason, McLan-
afian, Meacham, Millson, Miner, Nabers, Newton, Out-
jaw3 Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penniman, Powell,
Price,Robbins, Savage, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stevens, AJexanderH. Stephens, St. Martin, Sweetser,
Taylor, Benj. Thompson, Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Alexander,
White, Williams, and Yates —96.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, asked leave to
vote, although he was without the bar when his
name was called. Objection being made his vote
was not recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the resolution now before the
House.
Mr. MEADE. I understand the resolution is
the same as adopted yesterday. I move to lay it
upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to in-
quire if the motion to lay upon the table do not
prevail, it will not be in order to amend the reso-
lution, by inserting three o'clock on any other
day ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think not.
The SPEAKER. It is in order. It is a reso-
lution in the usual form to close debate at three
o'clock upon the Mexican indemnity bill.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Meade, and there were—yeas 73, nays 104;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bartlett, Bocock, Bragg, A. G.
Brown, BueH, Busby, T.Campbell. Carttei, Oa^kie, Church-
well, Clark, ColcocU, Daniel, Dean. Durkee, Kdgeifoii,
Evans,Faulkner, Fitch, Florence, Freeman,Gamble, Gay
lord, Gentry, Gilmoro, Green,Grey, Grow, Uart,lIollad,iv,
Howard, Ingcrsoll, John Johnson, K, \V. Johnson, D. T.
Jones, Kiutz, Letcher, Lockhart. Mnson, MfDonaJd, Mc-
Mulhn, McNair, Meade, Molony, Morrison, iVabers, ()u,
Andmw Paiker, Polk, Kichatdson,Kiddle, itii*.3cIJ,Suva<,'< }
Scuriy, David h- Seymour, Origen H. Seymour,
Smith, Snow, Stone, St- Martin, Ktratton, Strother, Stuart,
Sweetser, Townshend, Vcmible, Wallaces Adrji^on White,
WiJco.v, and Woodwaid—7.3. •
NAYS—Meatus. Abercrombio, Willis Allen, John Apple-
ton, \V. AppJeton, Aveietr, Babeocfr, Baricre, Beale, tSih-
igliau<s, Bowtn, ISowne. Bronfon, Brooks. Buiwu--,
E. Cat nn^ton Cabell, Caldwell,]jcwt.'-1). Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chastain, Ohngman, Cobb, Conner, Cottman, Cullom,
George 'J'. JDavis,Jolm G. Davis, I)aw.-on, Ihsnoy, Doek-
ery, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Fowlei, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, GiddingSjG-oodrmow, Hamilton, Har-
per, Haws, Ua caU, Uebard, Uemhioks, Hibbard, lJillyci,
Hoisford, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas M. HoVe,
Thomas V. How, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, George
W. Jones, Knhns, Mace, Mann, Edwaid 0. Marsha?!,
Humphioy Marshall, Martin, McLauahan, Meacham, Mil-
ler, Million, Miner, Murphy, Old*, Outlaw, Sauuwl W.
Paiker, Poaslec, Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Pueo, ttnblmjs,
Robinson, Saekett, Sehooleiaft, Sehoomnakei, Scuddcr,
Skclton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
lticluid II. Stanton, Abraham J'. Eleven?, Alexander H.
Stephens, Tayloi, Benjamin Thompson, Goorjje W.Thotnp
pon, Thurston, Tuek, Walbridife, Wal*hf Waul, Watkms
Welch,Wells, Alexander White, Williams, and Vates—l(H.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. ROBBINS. I think the question has been
sufficiently debated, and I therefore ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. What will be the effect of it ?
The SPEAKER. To bring- the House to a
vote upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, I know that; but the
terms of the resolution is to close debate to-mor-
row, and that resolution, thus worded, was made
yesterday. If the resolution is adopted, will the
effect be to close debate this evening or to-mor-
row ?
The SPEAKER. It will be for the House to
put its own construction upon its own actions.
Mr, DANIEL. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbies] to withdiaw
his motion, and allow the resolution to be
amended.
Mr. ROBBINS. I will, and I propose to offer
an amendment, that the debate be closed to-day
at three o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to suggest another day as an
amendment, and the question will then be first
taken upon the longer time. I move that the de-
bate be closed to-morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. ROBBINS. I except the amendment, and
I move the previous question.
Mr. MEADE. I suggest to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania three o'clock.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was first taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Robbins, it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution, it was put and agreed to.
So the House decided to close debate upon the
Mexican indemnity bill at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay that motion upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not in order. It has
been reconsidered once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is not the same resolution in all its parts, and
therefore the vote may be reconsidered. Such is
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. MEADE called the yeas and nays upon
the motion of Mr. Dunham; but they were not
ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr, DANIEL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I was upon the floor, was so recognized by the
Speaker, and had submitted 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Alabama is correct.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, I appeal to
the gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, to permit me to make a personal
explanation in regard to a publication which has
been made by the public printer, and laid upon our
tables, affecting to some extent my veracity.
A Voice. How long will it falce^
Mr. STANTON. But a few minutes.
[Ones "Lotlurn make the explanation !"]
Mr. STANTON said: On the I9th inst., during
the debate which occurred upon the resolution
ordering a number of copies of the Abstract of the
Census to be obtained by the Printing Committee,
I took occasion to make a few remarks in regard
to the manner in winch the public printer was
complying with his contract. I stated that the
Printing Committee had obtained an interview with
Mr. Hamilton, and were given "distinctly to un-
derstand that he could not comply with his con-
tract, and did not expect to do so, in this respect,
that he was not prepared to furnish such a de-
scription of paper as his contract required."
In no other respect did 1 intimate that he had
failed to meet the requirements of his official un-
dertaking, unless the delay winch has occurred in
the delivery of the President's message and accom-
panying documents, to which I alluded, may be so
con&idered. I intended to be understood as indi-
cating distinctly the specific particular in which
this contractor had failed to meet the requirements
of his contract, and confined it to the inferior quality
of the paper he had furnished and expected to
furnish. I regarded it as a failure in the most ma-
terial pait—a failure which could not be excused
by the committee or the House, and one which I,
as a member of that committee, would not tolerate.
Our public documents are intended to be bound
and preserved, and if not printed upon strong and
durable paper will be useless. Delay in the exe-
cution of the work might be tolerated to pome
extent, if the material and execution are such as
we are authorized to expect; but my sense of
public duty compels me, while I might excuse
some delay, to require of the public printer the
kind and quality of materials for which we have
agreed to pay him.
The public printer has addressed me a letter,
which has been printed and laid upon the desks of
membeis, in which, while he seems to exculpate
from intentional misrepresentation, ingeniously
contrive* to convey the idea that I have, with a
view to injure htm, departed from the truth. I have
nothing to say in vindication of my own veracity
more than the chairman of the House committee,
the honorable Mr. Gorman, has said in the letter
which he has been kind enough to furnish me, and
which I send to the Clerk to be read:
Washington City,D. G\, January 22, 1&52.
Hon. It. H. Stanton :
Sir: In reply to your note of this date, requesting my
recollection of the statements made by Mr. Hamilton in the
committee room, in regard to the public printing, I have to
say, that the remarks made by you ra the Houpo, and re-
ported in the Globe, substantially give the effect and sub-
stance of what Mr. Hamilton said. As nearly as I can rec-
ollect, J will give the particular of this interview as they
occurred. After some conversation between the chairman
of the Joint Committee and Mr. Hamilton^ t turned to the
latter and told him that "it was said by experienced prac-
' tical printers, that lie could not possibly execute his con-
' tract without serious loss, and that it had been seemingly
f demonstrated by figures; that the prvee he received under
£ the eontiact would not buy the paper he bad engaged to
i u:>e—paper weighing fifty pounds to the ream—and if not
<so? }ip could disprove it, and if he intended to rely upon
' Congress for relief, we desired now to know it."
To tins Mr. Hamilton replied: kk He could not get paper
weighing fifty pounds to the re-am without the cash." 1
said, " I understood differently, if he could give good in-
dorsee." He replied: "lie could not mn about and asic
his friends to do that for him ; that he expected to furnish
papor weighing tiom forty-tour to forty-eight pounds to the
ream." But, sn," said I, "this paper lias been weighed
by the chairman of the fcfenate committee, and >t does'not
weigh quite forty pounds to the ream.'1 Another sample
was then weighed, and Uheld up to forty-two pounds only
to the ream. None that we had before us came up to the
requnement of the contract.
1 thou told Mr. Hamilton of n conversation I had with
one of the paper makers, who did business on an extensive
scale, iioin whom I had learned, that when Mr. Hamilton
went to him to purchase paper tot the public printiug, he
had selected an aitielc far inferior ii  weight and other qual-
ities to the contract stipulations, probably not we>ghing
more than thirty-eight pounds to theiearn ; and when the
gentleman informed Mr. Hamilton that it would not fill the
contiai't, he, Mr. H., replied thatu it was none of his bu«i-
ne-ssand Mr. Hamilton, failing to give the price for the
paper of proper quality, did not get any- To this Mr.
Hamilton replied* " That if he did not give"the paper-maker
such an answer, he ought to have done it, for he deserved
it, and it certainly was not his business."
I told Mr. Hamilton, that 1 wanted him distinctly to un-
derstand, that under no circumstances could he expect re-
lief from Congress, either if he performed brs cc-mract and
lost money by it, or failed to perlorm it; and asked him to
say distinctly v\ bother he could furnish paper according to
the quality piescribed m the contract, and do the work?
lie said m reply, that "the committee weie very tight on
Mum, m lequiring him to come foJJy up to the contract in
' regard to the weight of the paper ; that lie had not been
' able to get paper heavy enough to meet the contract, but
i expected to do so a? near as\e could."
In the interview with Mr. Hamilton, he firmly impressed
me, and 1 apptehend evoiy oneel&e ot the committee, with
the conviction, that he eould not comply strictly with his
eontiact, and did not expect to do so, but relied upon the
indulgence of the committee in allowing Into to lurmsh an
interior description of paper. I therefore sum up the result
of this conference as follows:
Fust. Mi. Hamilton confessed tacitly that he had not
complied with lus contract in regaid to the weight of the
paper, and acknowledged his inability to do so.
Second. That he did not expect to furnish better paper
than that exhibited before the committee, samples of which
weie weighed before him by Colonel Borland, on scales
prepared lor such purposes, and none of which came up to
the requuenients of the contract.
Very rsspecttully, W. A. GORMAN".
It may be proper to add, that from the interview
had with Mr. Hamilton, in the committee room>
I was firmly impressed with the conviction, that
he designed to impose upon Congress an inferior
quality of paper, and relied upon the liberality of
the Printing Committee to overlook the matter.
His excuses for not furnishing better paper for the
documents already furnished, were inconsistent,
sometimes frivolous, and never reasonable. At
no time, even in answer to direct questions sub-
mitted with a view to elicit frank answers, did he
promise to procure paper such as was imperatively
required by his contract. He either evaded a
direct answer, or excused himself by referring to
the difficulties of procuring the proper quality of
paper.
It is not my nature to be ungenerous, and I am
not disposed to deal more harshly with the public
printer, as he supposes* than my obligations to
the country require. He has sought Ins own po-
sition—he has placed himself in an attitude before
Congress which he might have avoided. If he
took the contract relying upon its violation to en-
able him to make money, he has attempted an
imposition upon Congress, for which he deserves
rebuke and punishment. If he expected to exe-
cute his contract m good faith and rely xipon the
liberality of Congress to indemnify him for losses
he would inevitably sustain, he was guilty of stu-
pidity quite as unpardonable. The experience of
other contractors, who have been denied indemnity,
was enough to enlighten him upon this point. In
either event he has entitled himself to no undue favor
on the part of Government, and ought not to ex-
pect it. The only safety to the Government is in
holding contractors to a rigid compliance with
their responsibilities; and when welearn to do this,
the innumerable frauds and impositions to which
Government has been subjected, will cease, and
not until then.
