1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May §,
Union in which the public lands are situated, will
be inclmed'to favor* for if the original provision
is retained, it practically excludes the young men
of the country from gjoing on to the public lands,
because this will he the system of settlement here-
after to he adopted'.
Mr. J^ICKLJN. I do not know what the effect
will he if the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New' "Vork [Mr. Sackett] shall be
adopted. I wish to give -notice to him that the
term'".enter," which is used in the first section of
the bill; 1 wish to change to the word,41 occupy.99
Mr. SACKETT. I think that there will be no
difficulty in relation to the remaining provisions of
tife bill. It will be seen, without spending any
time upon this^question, that it is a question
intended to give to the young men of the. country
the opportunity to settle and occupy these lands,
the same as heads of families. I think it i3 an
amendment of decided importance to the frontier
States, to that portion of the Union where these
lands are situated. I do not know tlmt I can en-
lighten the committee by spending time upon this
matter. It is a plain proposition, and the question
is whether the friends of the bill will limit it only
to the heads of families; or whether they will give
to any citizen who may be twenty-one years of
age, the opportunity of enjoying the benefits of
this bill, and occupying these public lands. I hope
the amendment I have offered will be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to thisamend-
merrt because it tends to slander the public lands
much more than the original bill. Some gentle-
men who have preceded me have supposed that it
was peculiarly inconsistent for me to go against
this measure, because the State of Texas at one
time adopted a similar policy. It is the evil effect
of that policy upon that country which I wish to
state here, and it will be found one of the best
arguments which can be made against this bill.
Texas at one period gave her public lands to set-
tlers in amounts from one hundred and sixty to
four thousand one hundred and twenty-eight
acres, upon the condition that they should be set-
tled upon. The principal motive for that was to
acquire men to defend the country at the time
when she Was prosecuting an harassing and ex-
pensive war with Mexico.
But I wish to speak of the results of the meas-
ure. In'a short time they released the condition
of Settlement upon the land, as will be done here
in a short time if you adopt this measure. The
result of the measure, then, was to throw upon
the market a vast amount of land, and that land
went down in price to a very few cents an acre.
It passed from the possession of the actual culti-
vator of the soil into the hands of large specula-
tors in public lands, who purchased it up nt a few
cents an acre; and to such an extent did this sys-
tem go, that a neighbor of mine owns nearly two
hundred leagues of land. Every one will see what
will be the natural result of all this. The owner
thus monopolizing the land, withdraws it from sale
at the Government price, and puts it beyond the
reach of the poor cultivator, who wishes to pro-
cure for himself a farm and a home. That will be
the i esult here. When you give away vour lands,
you destroy, to a great extent, the relative value
of all your public domain. It is not good policy
for the actual soriler thus to reduce the price of
land, so as to tempt the cupidity of the speculator.
And such would be the result of this measure.
The settler to whom the land was given, anticipa-
ting another donation, would transfer his property
for a small consideration. That which is easily
acquired, is soon dissipated. The true interest of
the people is to hold the public lands so near their
intrinsic value as to prevent speculation and mo-
nopoly. Keep the land at' a fair price—always
within the reach of the actual cultivator. That is
his highest'interest. Youthen give him the means
of owning his own home. The direct result of
very cheap lands is to accumulate them in the
hands of the wealthy few, cause them to beheld
at such high prices as to place them beyond the
means of the actual settler, and thus withdraw
them from cultivation for a long period of time,
and delay and impede settlement.
The gentleman from Tennessee seems to think
that I oppose this bill because it would retard
emigration to Texas, if the Government gives
away its own lands. The articles of annexation
require Texas to devote her lands to a particular
purpose; and it would therefore be unjust to her
for this Government to destroy that property by
Federal legislation. It would "be more unjust in
the Government which sold lands at $1 25 per
acre last year, to give away its own land around
the purchaser, and thus destroy the value of the
property purchased upon the faith of existingiaws,
which he had a right to suppose would be con-
tinued.
There is a difference between the power of the
Federal Government of its public domain, and
that of a State over its property. Under the lie-
public ofTexas, her lands were donated to settlers
by a provision in her constitution, and therefore
no argument, of analogy can be drawn from that
source, and as little from her late sale to the
United States.
The Constitution of the United States treats the
public domain as property from which revenue is
to be derived. That is the whole history of the
subject, and the original motive of acquisition. :
The Constitution speaks of it as a question of |
value, and not as a subject of donation. I have ;
heard no argument which sustains the position j
that Congress has the power to collect revenue to j
divide out among the people, rich or poor, and i
quite as little to prove that we may lay taxes for i
the purpose of purchasing land to give away to
the landless}.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I rise to move" an amendment
in the tenth line, to strike out the words "free of
cost," and insert the words ''fifty cents per acre."
I very much regret the restrictions under which
I am placed, in attempting to express a few
thoughts on this subject. I must sav  however,
that I have serious constitutional difficulties in
reference to this measure. It has been said that
the object in procuring and holding lands by the
Government was their settlement and cultivation.
I admit this was the chief object, but it was not
the whole; there were other objects besides this,
as coi.ld be shown, did time permit. But even if
i this were all, is it not necessary that the public
lands should be disposed of according to the re-
quirements of the Constitution, whatever they
may be ? It is true that Congress mav make all
needful rules and regulations for the disposal of
the public territory; but does this imply that they
may dispose of it in a partial manner, and to the
benefit of the few, to the exclusion of vast num-
bers, who are not in condition to secure the bene-
fits of a particular measure? It seems to me that
it is an undeniable proposition, that the public
lands are a common fund for the benefit of all the
people of all the States. If this proposition can
be denied, I should like to hear it denied and
maintained. If this he true, then, whatever legis-
lation is for the benefit of a class, is narrow and
exclusive—it shuts out. a portion of the people
from its benefits, and is not in accordance with
the spirit and requirements of the Constitution.
It has been said, that there is no special power
in the Constitution by which this Government can
acquire lands—that it is acquit ed in virtue of the
sovereignty of the Government, and that it may
be disposed of in the same way, that is to say, as
it may be the sovereign pleasure of the Govern-
ment to dispose of it. But, in my opinion, there
can be no greater error. In the absence of any
express provision upon the subject, is it not the
clear reason, and therefore the clear law of the
case, that the public property must be dispensed
I with an even hand for the benefit of all? But is
! that for the benefit of all, of which thousands can
j by no possibility desire the least advantage? The
! case of necessity, the sternest and most inexora-
j ble of all law, shuts out multitudes from all parti-
cipation in the benefits of this measure. I contend
| that all whose avocations are not agricultural are
| virtually cut oft', and that therefore your legisla-
I tion will be class legislation. It would be but
mockery to say, that the immense number of
mechanics and artisans of the country might
turn agriculturists, and thus take the benefitof the
law; the thing is impossible, which no sensible
and honestmind will deny. And yet these mechan-
ics and artisans are as much entitled to the benefit
of the great land fund of the Government, as those
who cultivate the soil.
I agree that the views presented by the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Howard] are in accordance
with my own, they seem to me just and forcible.
But independent of any-constitutional objections
upon the subject, a question arises—and a serious
one to my mind—as to the expediency of this
measure. I know that I have but a moment of
time, and that I must hasten on. What will be
the result, for instance, as to the State which I in
part represent ' Those who have gone upon the
frontiers and settled themselves there, have pur-
chased lands at great labor, trouble, and privation;
and perhaps there is near to them a tract of forty
or eighty acres, which they desire to purchase for
the extension and improvement of their farms, so
soon as they shall be able, but they cannot take
the benefit of this bill, because they are already in
the occupancy of land, which they have no in-
ducement to abandon; neither can they secure the
adjoining lands, because they are immediately
seized by virtue of the provisions of this bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Clark,] if it is constitutional to grant
lands to corporations by the million, and uncon-
stitutional to grant it in limited quantities to actual
settlers?
Mr. CLARK: At the proper-time I will an-
swer the question, and explain the difference*
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. CLARK. Mr. Chairman, is my time out ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CLARK—
How true it we lake no note of time
But from its lapse."
Mr, CHANDLER. I rise, not to correct the gen-
tleman's quotation, but his argument. Upon this
very question I have been listening for this whole
session to the course of argument from that gen-
tleman, and the gentlemen connected .with him,
upon what I consider the constitutional propriety
or right of disposing of the public lands. He
assert, in the first place, that the Government
j holds these lands, for the benefitof alU&nd he asks
i of what service to the people in his State can be
\ the disposition of these lands to those individuals
! who will, as we contemplate, commence the oc-
cupancy of them? I cannot say what particular
advantage will result to his State. According to
his own assertion, we are not compelled to con-
sult them upon that advantage. We hold these
lands for the benefit of all. Permit me to ask thai
honorable gentleman, and those who hold the ar-
gument with him, what benefit will it be to the
State of Maine if we take it upon ourselves to vio-
late the Constitution of the country, as he would
assert, and grant alternate sections of public land
to create a railroad in the State of Iowa. I advo-
cate this measure upon the very grounds upon
which I would advocate the granting of these alter-
nate sections to railroads, because the Government
of the United States own these lands in fee simple,
and is willing to grant them to promote the benefit
of all those who can be benefited by this legisla-
tion. We are not to inquire whether Iowa or its
Representatives are to be benefited by it, but
whether, in the distribution of our legislative ben-
efits, we shall extend advantages to classes of peo-
I pie or individuals, wherever settled. They will,
j perhaps, create a State for themselves; and they
i will, perhaps, in promotion of the objects contem-
i plated here, establish communities that will in their
turn inquire, why have we given thesepubliclands
for radroads and corporations when individuals
desire them, and when they might promote the
great objects for which it is said the Government
holds these lands, namely, the extension of the
population of the country over the territories we
hold ? I see, therefore, nothing in the argument
of the gentleman but that which must upset what
, I consider his favorite scheme, and what, in my
[ opinion, is a good scheme, which uses the public
i lands to promote the intercourse of the country
] and the healthful population of the Territories. I
; therefore trust that the gentleman is not in earnest
in the course of his argument, unless he means to
i throw up his own grants in the object which he
i contemplates here.
| Mr, CLARK. Do you speak of railroad
j grants ?
; Mr. CHANDLER. I do.
| Mr. CLARK. When I come to that subject I
j will endeavor to satisfy the gentleman that there
I is a vast difference between these grants,
j Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman has an
I argument which suits this question, and another
! which suits another.
! Mr, HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman one
