1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
question. I wish to ask him whether he includes
me in the remarks which he has just made?
Mr. CHANDLER. By no means—-because I
do not understand that you take the ground of
your colleague.
Mr. HENN. I am a friend of the bill, and op-
posed to my colleague m this matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am sure my friend [Mr.
Clark] will be one of its advocates, when he con-
templates its effect upon him.
Mr. HENN. I wish it to be understood by the
gentleman that I have never failed to advocate
tins measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know that very well.
Mr. MOLONY moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " fifty cents," and inserting
in lieu thereof 44 one cent."
Mr. MOLONY said; Mr. Chairman, I must
confess that I was not a little surprised to hear the
arguments brought forward by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Clark..] I was not only surprised at
the nature of tho.se arguments, but at the source
from which they emanated. I did not expect to
hear a gentleman representing Western interests
five utterance to such sentiments upon this bill.
regret to find that any gentleman from the West
entertains them. I view them, however honestly
conceived, as undoubtedly they are by the gentle-
man from Iowa—prejudicial* yes, suicidal to
Western interests. 1 consider the gentleman
wrong in all his positions in regard to this meas-
ure—wrong, most emphatically, in regarding it
hostile to the interests of the pioneers now in the
West—wrong in viewing it as a bill for class legis-
lation, as opposed to national legislation—wrong
iu his constitutional views upon the suhject.
Sir, I find most all of the delegation from the
new States supporting this bill, not only because
it is calculated to benefit the West, which undoubt-
edly it will do to a degree far greater than any act
that has passed Congress since its existence; but
because of their clear, enlarged, national, and cor-
rect views of its benefits to the whole country.
Sir, is the gentleman from Iowa rightin supposing
that this bill is adverse to the interests of the actual
settler and freeholder now in the West?
What, sir, is it that keeps down the price of
lands, now owned and improved by the Western
pioneers? Is it not the fact that a great body of
public land closely surround them, competing with
their improved lands at $1 25 per acre? is not
this bill eminently calculated to remove that com-
petition, by giving a great impulse to the settle-
ment of those public lands, by transferring them
from the Government to the hands of the actual
settleis, who will hold them, with his improve-
ments, not at 25 per acre—thereby keeping
down the price of improved farms, at or near that
standard—but at their real value, of five or ten
dollars per acre? Such, sir, is my view of the ef-
fects of this bill, should it become a law, upon the
interests of the present landholders of the new
States. With regard to the objection, that not
the nation, but the poor men only, are to be ben-
efited by the passage of this bill—I must say that
the discussion with which the committee and the
country have been entertained, during the last few
weeks, have, to my mind, and as I hope and be-
lieve, to the mind of a majority of the Home, de- ;
monstrated most conclusively, its nationality, expedi-
ency, as well as its constitutionality. The bill most
clearly and strongly commends itself to the zeal-
ous support of members, whether representing the
agricultural, commercial, manufacturing, or rail-
road interests, thus vindicating its claim to nation-
ality. Mr. Chairman, it is difficult for me to un-
derstand how any constitutional scruples can be
entertained by a member, who has no such scruples
in voting away to the States millions of acres of the
public domain, for the construction of railroads
and canals. Are there any constitutional or ex-
pedient objections, which can be urged against
this bill, that do not apply with equal force to do-
nations for railroads and canals ? Sir, these meas-
ures are all based upon the same considerations;
they must stand or fall together, and I am pleased
to feel assured that Congress, in regard to this bill,
will manifest the same enlightened national policy,
which has marked its legislation heretofore, in re-
gard to the public lands. Its policy has been to
facilitate the settlement of the public domain, by
opening to it the markets of the East, by aiding'
the construction of railroads and canals, and in
pursuance of a policy so wise and just, let this bill
be passed, which will incalculably benefit every
interest and every section of the country 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say a word or two
in opposition to the pending amendment, but I
very much doubt whether my physical strength
will enable me to utter that which, under other
circumstances, 1 should like to say. A long and
protracted confinement has prevented me from
listening to much of the debate in relation to this
bill; and I rise now simply for the purpose of re-
plying to some of the arguments of gentlemen
here m relation to the constitutional power of
Congress to make this disposition of the public
domain. In my judgment, sir, if there be any
one question connected with the administration of
this Government that is clear and beyond a doubt,
it is the power of Congress to make such disposi-
tion of the publicdomain as shall cause its popula-
tion and settlement. 1 have not the time now to go
into an elaboiate examination of, and disquisition
on this subject; but 1 fearlessly venture the asser-
tion, that had I the opportunity, I would convince
almost any gentleman who approached the sub-
ject with an unbiased mind.
Sir, it is singular that the gentlemen who have
found constitutional scruples in relation to this
matter, have searched for them everywhere but in
the very place where questions of this sort can
alone be determined—that is, m the Constitution
itself. What is the language of the Constitution ?
I have it not before me, and quote from memory:
Congress shall have power to make the necessary
rules and regulations to dispose of the public
lands for the purpose of causing the lands to be
settled,and formed into republican States.
A Member. No, no; that is not it.
Mr. DISNEY. The verb is in the infinitive
mood, which is precisely equivalent to the inser-
tion of the words, " for the purpose of,or " in
order to." " To cause them to be settled, "is pre-
cisely equivalent to the introduction of the words,
" for the purpose of causing them to be settled,
and formed into republican States." My quota-
tion of the Constitution is disputed. Unfortu-
nately I have not it before me, and cannotgive the
precise language.
Mr. FREEMAN. I will call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that he is quoting the
resolutions of Congress of 1780.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 was just going to remark that
I was probably confounding the original resolu-
tion on which the cession of territory was made to
the United States with the Constitution itself. But
it is equally stiong m one instance as in the other.
The very object for which the cessions were ori-
ginally sought, was for the purpose of causingthis
territory to be settled, and formed into republican
States. Gentlemen at all conversant with the his-
tory of that period, are doubtless familiar with the
fact, that among other objections offered to the
possession of these large tracts of land by Virginia
and other States, was this: that they rendered
those States too large and powerful for the safety
and well-being of their sister States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Molo-
ny's amendment to the amendment,and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out " fifty cents,"and
inserting in lieu thereof" twenty-five cents."
Mr. P. said: Mr. Chairman, 1 simply desire to
make a suggestion to the committee. I had the
pleasure of addressing the committee some days
ago on this same subject; and, according to the
proposition that I then presented, twenty-five cents
per acre was set down as the price' at which the
whole of the public lands might be entered. I
think this is one of the most important features
connected with this bill. I am in favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill, but I want the bill put in such a
shape as will command the strength of this House,
and, at the same time, prove satisfactory to the
country.
My colleague, [Mr. Hendricks,] who addressed
the committee the other day, entered into a calcu-
lation, based upon correct data, and which, I have
no doubt, was correct, which showed that our
public lands cost the Government about twenty-
two cents per acre when put into the market. My
proposition now is, to draw from those lands a
revenue of twenty-five cents per acre, which, 1
think, will cover all expenses. If we do not dp
this, in. what attitude do we place ourselves?
Why, it is the same, substantially, as if you sent
round and received, from every property-holder in
this land who pays taxes, a contribution for the
benefit of those who are to take these lands. Now,
that is wrong. " You must still keep up your land
offices, and make your Government surveys, keep
land offices open and make patents, m order that
you may have clear titles. So long as that is
done, you must go to the Treasury to pay your
officers, and thus you take the money of all for
the purpose of putting it into the Hands of t^ose
who settle on these lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will turn to the last section of the bill, he will
see that all the fees are to be paid by the parties
entering the lands.
Mr. PARKER. I do not so understand it. At
any rate, it is better to put it in here. The prin-
ciple is correct, and it should be adopted.
Whilst I have the floor, permit me to suggest
another amendment, which I design to offer at
an other time, and that is; that all of our pub-
lic lands shall be open to everybody that wishes
to make actual settlement at this price. Sir,
1 am against confining the settlement of these
lands to the heads of families only. I have lived
in the Western country a great many years,
and I know how the lands are settled. An old
farmer has sons growing up to mature years;
he gets a piece of land lor them, and sends the
boys out to make an opening, and subsequently
the boys take to themselves wives and settle. Sir,
by this bill, you prevent-all these proceedings for
the purpose of opening the land and compel the
settler at once to settle down and be the head of a
family at the time. That is wrong. It will not
conduce t© the strength of the measure. My prop-
osition is to leave the lands open to every one who
will settle upon them at this price. If we do not
do this, as I said before, we, to some extent, re-
quire the other portion of the community to con-
tribute for the benefit of those who settle upon
these lands. My people do not ask this. The
idea is unpopular with every individual, I know,
who does not himself wish to go upon the public
lands; and 1 have never yet seen the man who
would get up and say he was desirous the com-
munity should contribute for his benefit, to enable
him to go and settle upon the public lands. AH
those who desire to settle are willing to pay what
the lands cost the Government; and others, I find,
are unwilling to pay contributions to enable them
to get there. I think that the principle of the
amendment is correct, but that the amount ought
to be twenty-five cents, instead of fifty cents.
Mr. FREEMAN said: Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Parker.] I wish', however, to say
a word or two upon the constitutional power of
Congress which is asserted by this homestead Bill.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] has
denied that Congress possesses any such power.
As to this general power under the Constitution,
gentlemen have argued as if the sole power which
Congress has over the public domain is to be
found in the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution. Now, it is a well-settled rule of
legal interpretation—applicable alike to contracts,
statutes, and constitutions—that all acts and parts
of acts in pari materia shall be construed together.
Our title to the public lands is not derived from
the Constitution, but from the resolutions of the
Congress of theConfederationarid the grants of the
several States based thereon. Looking at the his-
tory of the public lands anterior to and in connec-
tion with the formation of the Constitution, I
undertake to say that there is no point more clearly
settled than that Congress has the power to en-
courcge the settlement of the public lands; that power
ts axpressly granted by the resolutions of 1780,
and subsequent resolutions passed by the Con-
gress of the Confederation. The object of the
States in ceding the lands was, first, to pay the
debt incurred by the war of the Revolution, and,
second, to settle the public lands and construct
them into separate republican States. Now, the
debt of the war of Independence has been paid,
and the Treasury reimbursed for the purchase
of the lands; and I maintain that the Constitution,
in connection with the articles of cession, author-
izes Congress to dispose, of and make all needful
rules and regulations in'regard to "this land, for
the purpose Qf building up the new States of th§
