1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
P
h<
The public printer intimates that the effect of
my statement was to injure him pecuniarily and
ersonally. I disclaim all such intentions, and
have said what I have in discharge of a high pub-
lic duty.
FEES OF CLERKS.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have been instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to submit a
resolution. As it relates to a matter ofimportanoe,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House that it
may be now considered. It asks for information,
without which it will be impossible for the com-
mittee to come to any definite conclusion upon the
fee bill for the district and circuit courts of the
United States.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior lie requested
to furni-sh to tins Ilnu^e the information required, by an-
sweis to the following interrogatoiies 111 relation to the feer>
and expenses of the courtsof the United States, at an eatly |
day, f?o far a^ the information can now be furnished ftom
his department, and take measures to pioeuie such inform-
ation as is not now m hisdcpaitmentjto be tumished to this
House as soon as obtained.
as to the supreme court.
1. The name, ago, and residence of the clerk of said
court; when and by whom ho was appointed, and how
many yeai> consecutively he ha^ been in office?
2. YVliat sums have been annually paid or allowed to
him from the Tica^uij oi (lie United tit.ito, fiom tiie 1st of
January, 1840. to the Lst ot .f;in t;ny, 18."1, stating specifi-
cally the items of payment oi allowance?
3. What amount oi lees or co>ts have been reeenedby
hnn between the 1st of Januaiy, 3810, and the l^t of Jan j
uary, 1851, from pruties oi suitois in said couit; statmg the
amounts received each year?
4. Whether any fee bill ha-* been established in said couit,
when established, and what it is ?
0. What number oi deputies, assistants &e., arc cm-
ployed m the clerk's office, stating then duties and compen-
sation ?
6. What have been the annual expenditures of the office,
within the period atoiesaid, for cleik hue and stationery,
and giving the specific items?
7. That lie state m tabular form the following inclina-
tion :
First. The number of original suit^ brought in said coiut
each year since Us organisation, specifying suits m law, !
chauceiy, ami admiralty. i
Second, The nuinbei of suits entered m said couttby
appeal, specifying law, chancery, and admiralty, each in a
sepaiate cla^.
Third, The number ot final judgments and decrees en-
tered each yeat, specifvinp in a separate clays judgments
and decrees of affiunance and leveisai, and from what die- •
tnrt they we,re appealer!. j
8. What number of recoids are printed under the rules |
of said rouits in each ease, at what iatc; or puce, undei .
what oontiact. and what f^es oi eonipeusation is lectived j
by the cleik in respect to said piintni".
AS TO M VRMIAl,s.
1. What fees.are taxable, chataed, or allowed in the Su-
preme Comt, and in the several circuit ami djs-tnet comts
of the United States to the inai^hal tni service ol nte^ne,
and penal piocess, mileage, poundage, or other service,
when and by whom the\ have been established ?
2. What sums have been annually received by the mar-
shal of each district, fiom lst ot Januaiv, 18-10, to 1st Jan
uarv, 18,")J, foi fees oi costs from suitors and parties m said
court**, chissifving cases in law, ch.mceiy, and .idinnahty?
3 What sums have been annually paid oi allowed to the
maishai of each district by the Tieasury Depaitment, within
thatperiod, (excluding pajmeutsou account oj the census.)
speufyine Joi wiiatsuch payment or allowance was made,
and its date ?
4. What number of deputies or assistants are usually em-
ployed b}- the, maishai oi each di-sti ict, (excluding such as
aie'engagcd in taking the census,) and what is their com-
pensation? !
In what distnet* have the marshals claimed, or been al- |
lowed compensation for supeiviaion. or c-areof prisoneis oi |
witnesses ot the United States, while such prisoncis or ,
witnesses were confined in jail ?
In what manner nie places for holding the courts ot
the United States prmidod, and what is chaiged or paid
therefor?—state for each place of holding the court.
district attorneys.
1. What compensation or salaiy is allowed to the attoi-
neys of tho United States, in the several circuits and dis-
turb, and whether an}, and wh.it extra compensation h
allowed or paid in anv case In the United States ?
2. What fees ate allowed to be taxed or p.u'd to the attoi-
neys of th*1 United States in the several circuits and dis-
tricts in criminal cases?
What amount of attorneys' fee? have been taxed annu-
ally m favor of the United States attorneys in p.iHi eucuit
and district couit, between the 1st of January, 1*40. and the
lst oi Januai\, 1P.">1,clarify mg civil and criminal suits and
suits iu adtniialtv?
4. What fees are taxed in civil suits to the attorney of the
prevailing partv ?
5. What amount of fees hnve been annually taxed m fa-
voi of attoinevs ol iccord, between the 1 --l of Januaiv, 1840,
and 1 st of January, 18">1, in each circuit and district couit,
classifying cases at law, m chancery and admiialiy?
as to ciRcrrr an*d district cocrts.
1. The name, afie, and residence of the clciks of the sev-
eral enemt and di<tnct comts of the United Slates, when,
and by whom appointed, and how many years, consecu-
tively, they have been m office p
2. What relationship or affinity, by blood or marriage,
there is between said clerks respectively, and the judge*? ot
their respective courts i
3. What sums have been paid or allowed annually, to ;
each clerk, from the Treasury ot the United States, between ['
the lst oi January, 1840, and the lst ofJanuai>, 18.">1? sta- s;
ting specifically the items ot such payment or allowance, i,
and the date? j;
4. What amount of fees or costs have been received by l
each clerk between the lst of Januaiy, 1840, and the lst of ,]
January, 1851, from paities and suitors m said court, stating , j
the amounts received each year, classifying suits at law, m '
chancery, and admiralty ? j
5. Whether any lee bill has been established in said courts, ,
when established, and what it is ? i
6. Wh.a number of deputies, assistants, &c., are employed !
in each clerk's office, stating then duties and compensation ? j
7. Whathave been the annual expenditures within thepc- ,
riod aforesaid in the clerk's office of each circuit and distuet,
lor clerk line and stationeiy, &c., giving the specific items :
of such expenditure ?
The question being taken, the resolution was !
adopted. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- 1
bama [Mr. Houston] moves that the rules be ;
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into j
Committee of the Whole upon the state of the ||
Union. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. ' 
Daniel] moves that the House go into Commit- j,1
tee of the Whole upon the Private Calendar; which j!
motion takes precedence, this being private bill ||
day. t i!
The question was then taken on the motion of jj
Mr. Da.viel, and it was disagreed to—ayes 65, i1
noes 67. _ ]i
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr. [\
Houston, it was put. j|
Mr. CABELL called for the yeas and nays on j!
the motion of Mr. Daniel to go into Committee j
on the Private Calendar. 'i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has made his ji
call too late. il
Mr. CABELL. I uo not think I am too late, -j
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the j;
Ch.ur. Doe* the gentleman take an appeal from j
the decision of the Chair? _ _ j
Mr. CABELL. I do. T claim it as a consti- :
tufional right to record my vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand j
the Chair to decide that the gentleman cannot call t
for the yeas and nays after the result oi a vote has j
been announced ? ,]
Mr. HOUSTON, (in his seat.) And after the :<
Chair had reallv stated another jiropusition? |!
The SPEAKER. That is the Chair's decision. !'
Mr. JONES. The Constitution says, "And ;!
the yeas and nays of the meTnbers of either TI onse |!
ou yny question shall, at the desire of one fifth of
those pieMjnt, be entered on the Journal. ' i,
The SPEAKER. Would it be in order, I in- !
quire of the gentleman from Tennessee, to call the
yeas and miys upon a question passed on yester- i
day? If not, they could not be called upon a
question that had passed from before the House'
to-day. '
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained. j
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY. j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I proposed a jj
privileged motion, and move that when the House j;
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday !!
next. _ . !|
The question being taken, the motion was dis- ,
agreed to, there being upon a division—ayes 62:, >|
noes 86. 4/ j
THE MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.*' j.
The question was then token on the motion to
go into Committee of the Afy hole on the state of
tile Union, and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, '
(Mr. Jokes, of Tennessee, in the chair.) !
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee ■
take up House bill No. 40; which motion was |
agreed to. j
"The committee accordingly proceeded to the ,
consideration of t'ue lull to provide for the carry- |
ing into execution, in further part, the twelfth :
article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded in
Guadalupe Hidalgo. e
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was 011 the amendment of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Marshall] to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. j
John-son,] and that the gentleman from Massa- 1
chusetts [Mr. Allen] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLEN" said: Mr. Chairman, I should
have had no disposition to mingle in the renewed ■
debate upon the Mexican indemnity bill had not 1
misrepresentations gone forth from a portion of
the public press respecting certain matters dis-
cussed by me when the same subject was before
the House near the close of the last Congress. I
should have been content with the discharge of
my duty to my country on that occasion; and
with the record of the past before them, have left
to the present House the disposition of the whole
subject, contenting myself with a silent vote.
But, sir, the necessity of correcting misappre-
hension brings me before the committee to ask its
indulgence while I review some part of the pro-
ceedings of last year, during the pendency of a
similar bill, and restate the position which I took
in regard to its merits.
In February, 1851, a bill to appropriate
§3,180,000 for the payment of the last installment
of the money due by the tieaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo to the Republic of Mexico was under
discussion in Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union. By the terms of that
treaty, the money was to be paid to Mexico on
the 31st of May, 1852. Fifteen months, therefore,
remained before the payment would become due;
and 111 the course of the debate the inquiry arose,
in what manner and by what instrumentality the
transfer of necessary funds was to be made. The
fact was then disclosed, that the Secretary of State
had, in the summer of 1 S.50, negotiated a bargain
with T. W. Ward, of Boston, as the agent of the
Barings, Uowland <V Aspinwall, of the city of
New Yoik, and Cotcoran & Riggs, of the city of
Washington, in pursuance of which contract
funds of the United Slates to the amount due to
Mexico were to lie placed at the disposal of those
gentlemen, and they were to make payment to
'Mexico according to the terms of said treaty. For
the benefits to bedenved by those bankers from the
agency they had assumed, Lhey weu- to allow this
Government, a discount of tlnee and a half per
cent, uooii the funds delivered to them. In the
course V>f debate )t appeared that dissatisfaction
was felt by other parties than the successful appli-
cants for this agency, 111 the transfer of funds, and
that, at least ojie house of undoubted credit (the
Rothschilds) had stood ready to offer to this Gov-
ernment a larger sum, by many thausand dollars,
than was stipulated to be paid by the brokers with
whom the contract was in fact made. It also ap-
peared that the fc>er,retary of State, almost immedi-
ately upon his assumption of ofice, had madelhe
contiact definitively with the Barings and their as-
sociates wiihoutaffoi ding any opportunity for other
houses to presenttlieir proposals. That the agency
was a source of emolument, directly or indirectly,
commensurate with the magnitude of the funds,
■j3,100,000, to he transferred to the parties contract-
ing with the Government, no one will deny; and
it 7s equally indisputable that if, instead of hastily
closing a bargain upon the first offer of negotia-
tion, an opportunity had been given, for which
there was more than ample time, for competition
amonf responsible brokers and bankers for the
prize'which many would eagerly have sought,
much better terms might have been obtained by
the Government with" equal security upon thcr
fulfillment. And, in addition to the direct pecu-
niary advantage to have been derived by the Uni-
ted States by a fa>r competition foi the avails of
the agem y in question, there would have been a
satisfactory assurance m the minds of the public,
and of all concerned, that the interests of the na-
tion had been protected, and 110 suspicion of favor-
itism would have rested upon the transaction.
Another mode of meeting the demands of Mex-
ico remained, more honorable still to tins country,
as it would have dispensed with all negotiation
with brokers, foreign or native, and been kind,
conciliatory, and beneficial to a fi eble Republic, to
whom the fortunes of war had awarded 0 few mil-
lions of dollars in exchange for the sources of in-
exhaustible wealth, and the dominion of an empire.
No member of this committee can have adverted
to portions of the correspondence of the Mexican
Minister, which have been laid upon our desks,
without being impressed with the belief that the
Mexican Government would gladly have received
this installment of the indemnity in acceptances by
our Government at Washington, and that fear of
giving offence to the Secretaiy of State, by inter-
fering with his chosen mode of payment, alone pre-
vented oil early proposition to that effect. It was
so obviously for the interest of Mexico to allow to
i thisGovernmenttbrdifferencein exchange, a larger
