*284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Confederacy. The first act of Congress after the
lands were ceded was the ordinance of 1787, where-
ill three distinct States were laid oft' in the North-
west Territory. But, in order to make this pro-
vision doubly sure, the Constitution, subsequently
adopted, provides that " all debts, contracts, and
' engagements, entered into before its adoption, shall
' he dzvalid against the United Slates under this Con-
'stitntim as-under the Confederation." Thus the
resolutions of Congress, adopted anterior-to the
Constitution, and the deeds of cession based there-
on, are ratified by the Constitution itself. And
what are the provisions of these deeds of cession
and acts of Congress r They are, that the ceded
lands shall be divided into distinct republican
States, with all the rights of sovereignty and freedom
and-independence as the old States. Thus the
'Government has the power to settle .these lands. j
And in order to encourage their settlement, we
have the right to grant one hundred and sixty
acres to each actual settler. And why ' 1 do not
sustain the bill upon the ground that we have the :
right to convert the Federal Government into a
great almshouse for the support of the poor and
indigent. We have no power to bestow chanties,
nor to donate lands for purposes inconsistent with
our well-established public policy of increasing
and huildmg up new republican States within our
limits. I sustain the principle of the bill on the
ground that we have the. right to pay for public
services rendered. Do .we not pay oar registers,
receivers, and surveyors, our Land Office Com-
missioner and all his clerks? Are they not en-
gaged in furthering the public land policy by pre-
paring it for settlement, and is not the public
service of the settler equal in dignity and public
profit? What greater public service can be ren-
dered than that of the pioneer, who shoulders Ins
axe and his gun, leaves the abodes of luxury,
ease, and the refined pleasures of life, makes the
forest his home and the wild beast his companion,
and, braving all the perils of a forester's life, finally
subdues the wilderness to the support and comfort
of man? Is not such a labor for the common
benefit? Is it not for the common benefit of all
the States, to encourage the opening of roads m
the wild lands, the erection of dwellings, school-
houses, churches, towns, and cities ? Sir, if there
be any public policy marked upon the history of
this country, such is the public land policy of the
United States in principle and practice.
But my time will not permit me to go into this
matter.
I wish to say one word more; was there ever a
Government upon the face of the earth whose
public policy in relation to its public lands was
not to extend its jurisdiction, to increase us popu-
lation, to increase its productions, to produce all
the staples necessary for the country, and to ex-
tend its numbers and its power oyer the face nf
the earth? If there is one principle plainer than
another in the history of our public lands, it is
this principle; and have we not the power to aid
in the accomplishment of this great work? I think
we have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.'CABELL, of Florida. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 78, noes 16.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Hubbard) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly House bill No.
7, being a bill to encourage agriculture, com-
merce, &c. i
Mr. MOLONY, from the Committee on En -
rolled Bdls, presented, as correctly enrolled, the1
joint resolution authorizing the purchase of the :
ninth volume of the Laws of the United States. It |
received the signature of the Speaker. ' !
Mr. STANLY. I wish to make n motion that |
the bill of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. j
Johnson] be printed for the use of the House', j
They are all taken from the files of the House be-!
cause the good old plan which prevailed in the
Twenty-ninth Congress is not kept up.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the amendments and
•ubstitutes which have been offered may also be
printed.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that.
Mr.TOWNSHEND. I object.
I move that the House do
Mr. FOWLER.
now adjourn.
THE PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN". I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to make one remark.
The House have given us directions in relation to
the public printing, and I now give notice that we
intend to execute strictly those directions, and if
the House warns any of its printing done prompt-
ly, it must give some other directions.
Mr. MASON". I apprehend that the Clerk can
order what printing it is necessary to have done
until the committee come to some conclusion.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire if there is any motion before the
House ?
Mr. GORMAN. I only wish to repeat what
1 have said, that the House have directed that we
shall let out this panting which the public printer
cannot execute after ten days 'advertisement. Now,
the public printer has not done any thing accord-
ing to the contract, and I give notice that the com-
mittee will execute strictly the directions of the
House, whatever may be the delay in procuring
the printing necessary to be done from time to
time.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment, to enable me to
introduce a resolution in which we are all inter-
ested. It should be introduced now, if at all. It
will not, I apprehend, require any discussion.
Mr. CARTTER. I will withdraw the motion
if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. JV1EADE. 1 will renew it. In a few days
tins House will have to be cleaned up, under the
summer arrangement. Now, I propose to intro-
duce a resolution which I have sent to the C!eik,
and which I desire should be adopted now, in
order that the Clerk may be prepaied to do at the
proper time what the resolution requires. It is,
that the Clerk shall cause to be removed and sold,
the chairs now in the Hall, and that he shall cause
to be supplied in then-places, suitable cane-bottom
chairs without arms. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the resolution.
[Cnes of No!" " No!" and " Object?"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We ought to
adopt some resolution to provide for a recess now,
unless we want the Clerk of the House and the
Treasury to be left at the mercy of those who will
enforce their own prices for refitting and furnish-
ing the Hall. I therefore ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be directed to have the flail refuted and cleaned tor the
siuniner notion, and that the House adjourn on Thursday,
May 13ih, until Monday May 17th, 111 order to afford Inm
tune lor Uiat purpose.
Mr. STANLY. I object to the time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not very particular in
regard to the time. I offer the resolution in this
form, but will not call the previous question until
one or two amendments have been offered, if gen-
tlemen desire to offer tiny, and then I pledge my-
self to call for the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. I only object to the time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the gentleman can
offer an amendment, fixing his own time.
Mr. STANLY. My amendment would be
voted down, and then I should be obliged to take
your time. Why not take the week of the Dem-
ocratic Convention?
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman can offer an
amendment fixing it at that time. I am satisfied
he does not want the whole House to yield to his
convenience and wishes. Let him move that the
House adjourn on Tuesday, the 1st of June, until
Friday, the 4th of June. That amendment will
be voted on first, and if it is not adopted, he cer-
tainly cannot wish the House to come up to his
will in all things.
Mr. STANLY. I object to the gentleman from
Arkansas having his way in all things. I want
that resolution to beadopted in the form that suits j
the majority of this House. If the gentleman will
put the adjournment at the time of the Democratic
Convention, or of the Whig Convention, I shall
be satisfied.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will alter the resolu-
tion to suit the gentleman, and fix the time for ad-
IU
journing on Tuesday, June 1st, until Friday,
June 4th. v
Mr. MEADE. Is the resolution before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is; and it will be read for
information.
The resolution, as modified, was then read by
the Clerk.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move to amend the reso-
lution, by inserting " from the 13th to the 17th of
May," in the place of the words, " from the 1st
to tne 4th of June."-
Mr. HAMILTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I would inquire of the Chair,
if the previous question is sustained, it will pre-
vent any other amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, no other amendments will be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will merely
suggest, that I do not think that this is the ordi-
nary way in which this object is accomplished.
* Mr. JOHNSON'. The previous question has
been called, and I call the gentleman to order, with
all respect to him. No argument is in order after
the call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES. Then I put tins question to the
Chair. Suppose that upon the day on which this
resolution says the House shall adjourn over a
majority of the members in their seats heie refuse
to no it? I think the usual way is to suggest a
day upon which such an adjournment will take
place, and that will be a notification to the door-
keeper, and upon that day the resolution can be
introduced and passed.
Mr. FOWLER. I wpuld request the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] to with-
draw his motion for one moment, that I may move
another amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON declined to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment which will strike the House favorably. My
amendment is, that the Clerk be authorized to erect
desks upon the inside of those now standing, in
the placc of these chairs. We are all aware that
these chairs are very much in the way. Desks
may be erected that will be less cumbersome to
the area of the Hall than these chairs.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. What becomes of this res-
olution, if the House adjourn?
Mr. STEPHENS. We can bring it up to-
morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide such
questions aw they arise, but it will be between that
and the unfinished business of yesterday.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Stephens, and there were, on a division—ayes
65, noes 48.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
welve o'clock.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FREEMAN" pave notice that on to-morrow, or some
subsequent day, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
encourage the settlement of the public lands in the States
and Territories of California, Utah, New Mexico, Louisi-
ana, and Mississippi, and also to aid those States and Ter-
ritories and the State of Texas in the construction of a rail-
way post road from San Diego, on the Pacific, to Vicksburg,
on the Mississippi river.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition1', memorial?, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr, ROBBINS : The petition of the administrator and
admimstiatnx of the estate of Amos Proctor, late of the
city and county of New Yoik, deceased, piavmg Congiess
to pass an act to enable them to settle and adjust the claim
of said Amof Proctor, to one half of one moietv of the ap-
praised value of goods seized and libeled upon his iniorni-
ation, and released from forfeiturs by virtue of the act of
April 27, 1819.
By Mr. SCUDDER : The petition of J. B. Tobev & Co.,
and Lewis Kinney & Co., ofWareham,Massachusetts, for
a return of duties paid on certain merchandise.
Also, a resolution in favoi of a buoy being placed on the
"Lone Rock,*' near Hyanms Harbor, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Joseph Hop-
kinson, asking to be allowed the diffeience between the
pay of a passed assistant suigeon and that of a fleet sur-
geon and surgeon, for the period he performed the duues of
the latter graces in the East India squadton.
By Mr. KING, of New York: The memonal of sundry
inhabitants of the county ofLewis, New Yotk, asking for an
appropriation in money or m lands, to aid m the completion
of a railroad from Sackctt's Harbor on Laka Ontario, to
