1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Is it anything more than a renewal of what %vas
said at tiie last session? What is there in it new
to the Ameucan people? Nothing. It is an inev-
itable incident to greatness, that its pangs and
straggles are as bare to the public eye as its ener-
gies and achievements. There is not a man who
fines not know that the great statesman of the
country is as indifferent to money as he is de-
voted to the higher cares of the public weal. There
is not a man, perhaps, (except my colleague and
some of those who think with him,) who does
not wish that the order which reigns in that vast
understanding, and reduces to their elements the
most complicated national questions, were equally
exemplified in every detail of his personal expend-
iture. But it is not so. His devotion to the pub-
lic has left him neither time nor disposition to take
caie of himself; and this well-known fact leaves the
question simply whether the public, in exigent
crises, shall be deprived of his services, or whether
friends shall aid him. Nor is this case, however
sad, a rare one. If the views of my colleague
matter, in answer to those statements. Franklin
Haven, of Boston, a most respectable and honor-
able gentleman, whose word would be implicitly
taken wherever he is known, published a letter,
from which I will read the following extract:
Boston", May 17,1851.
To the Editor of the Transcript;
Sir : I Sll\v last evening, lor the first time, in your paper
of yesterday, a speech delivered Apul 5th, at Woicestet,by
[tichaul H. Dana,jr., Esq., containing, among otliei tilings,
fome statements concerning myself and my relations with
Mr. Webster, decretal y of State, to which I decile to leply.
1 am aware that, m a cautiously-written note, dated the
12tli instant, and addressed to the editor of the Daily M-
mlhm , Mr. ilan.v an) a, on tlio subject of tins speech, that
" the prpressions therein attributed to Mi. (iuuicy are not
corieetiy rupoitcd," adding, that "the repoit was made
without his Knowledge, and published without having been
submitted to him, and without his authority." lie does
not. howe\er, m any way imply that he did not say in sub-
stance what he is leputted to have said at W orce^ter; and
a- Ihe speech m question ha.-, J am told, often been printed
without remonstrance liom him, as a true repoit, since it
(list appealed six weeks ago, and as Mi. Dana has not seen
tit to qualify, or correct any pail of it m which 1 am con-
cerned, J shall, until otheiwi^e advised, believe that no nl-
, . „ . UVJ 7? I justice has been done to Inn. m thocpaU.cuUus,
could prevail, neither Burke, nor iitt, nor Can- n jvjr. Dana more tlian indorses all the base caju
nang, in the Old World, nor I think Jefleison, or
Madison, or Monroe in the New, but would have
, , i,
been disqualified by their poverty, and that very
unthrift which devotion to great thought produces,
from lending their great powers to their country's
service.
But as regards the facts: My colleague has said
that he has been induced to speak to-day by the
fact that his remarks on a former occasion have
been misrepresented. Two years ago, in this
House, he claimed that not merely had certain
donations been made to Mr. Webster, but that
their being made was the consideration and in-
ducement in consequence of which Mr. Webster
accepted the Secretaryship. If my colleague will
look at the Congressional Globe he will find that was
Ins statement.
Mr. ALLEN, (in in his seat.) I say so now.
Mr. DAVIS. He says so now, that that was •
the object for which these subscriptions were made, j
and that Mr. Webster was thus induced to accept j
the Secretaryship. j
My colleague's memory failed him tins morn-
ing. He said he had not thought it wise or pru- 1
dent to set himself right before the country, j
through the medium of the press, or to correct j
misrepresentation in any other place than here.
Here was the proper place. That sounded manly, !
but still it is not correct m point of fact, as I un-
derstand. Before one of the trials m my col-
leas tie's Congressional district—and the facts 1 am
about to relate led to the writing of the letter I
now hold in my hand—there was apolitical meet-
in" held in the city of Worcester, iii leference to
his election. My colleague was sick, and n gen-
tleman from Boston, Mr. Dana, a man of high
chai acter and standing, belonging to my colleague's
party, came up and addressed that meeting. As
I understand—and my colleague can correct me if
3 am wrong—this gentleman, before he went to that
raeetino', had a personal interview with my col-
league "at which it was arranged and understood
what wet e the views to be presented as regards
this matter.
Mr. ALLEN. No.
Mr. DAVIS. Does my colleague deny that he
saw Mi" Dana just before that meeting*
Mr. ALLEN. I do not deny that I had an in-
terview with Mr. Dana.
Mr. DAVIS. T ask my colleague, whether he
denies that at this interview with Mr. Dana, he
talked about that sub|ect ?
Mr. ALLEN responded, but his response was
not heaid by the reporter.
Mr OAVIS No, of course not. I knew the
fact, nnoil the authority of a gentleman to whom
Mr Dana himself told it. He told that gentleman
that he had such interview with my colleague
before coining to that meeting. At that interview
you nated those things with regard to this trans-
* ' - -  — imboiueu in
action, which he on the same evening
■iluinnies ut-
tered in tiie Ilousu of Kepresentattvcs iigairu-t Mr. W ob^toi,
by Mr. Chailos Alien, on the 25th and 26tli of Februaiy,
lor which [ was subsequently vouched a* the principal au-
thouty. Hessavs: *•! eonMdci Judge Allrn would have
' ycyuii ed justification hud ft c failed to tuke ihe wound that^
'he did on this .subject; and I ask if it is not the duty of
(every man who feces corruption m high places to expose
' it?''
This calumny \va*, (a* your readers all know,) that Mr.
Wch.-tcr had been induced to accept the place of Seeietary
of Stato in consequence ol money paid, or pumiced to be
paid, to him fiom Boston and New \ ork, and that thw bai-
gum'wiw picked by Mr. WYbstei thiouijh me, and, m the
result, wa-. consummated by the toquued payment. ^U('h
a bargain Mi. Dana calls "eonuption in high placc^.1" and
it would be so if it hud becnynudc lie sa> s, too, repeat-
ing aitei Mr. Allen, and speaking ot the contract tor the
payment of the Mexican indemnity , that Mr. Wcli-un was
dependent on the bankei- Coieoi.m &• King-) lto
whom the contract was triven and he adds, a{tei\vaid>j
that Mr. Wcbstvi *• Jia  iceeived a gut fiom the icui da<a>
of men conecined in thi« cuntr-nt <'•> the condition of
taking the office ol Sectetary «>i' State; .<* >.->.000 iiom New
York^and s!9,000 from BoMon."
1 think ail peisons who know me—as Mr. Dana tays he
does—'* ven well,'' know that i would not be connected
with a tiaus-action «o discreditable to all who might be con-
cerned in it. I feel equally sure that Mi. Wch-ter would
not, nor would the honoiable men who subsequently esuuc
forward in Boston, and did what they thought then duty
rennned them to do to a great state-man, who had made a
"reat sacrifice of ln^ pecuniar) interests and those o! bib
i family to the seiviee of hisi.ountiy. r wa-i notone of
I gentlemen ; but! know that they wete liigh-mmdeil men—
1 movt of them retned fiom aliaits, and little eoucemed ni
! politic-.. except just so iaras thev arc coneenu dinthowci-
i iuie of tVr; Union. , , , ,T
i Mt liana, in his spcech. refers to the letter which Mi.
1 Webster addre-^cd to me on the >tate ot things mmK'diate-
: lv alter General Tavloi's death. He had theieioio leail
' that letter- dated Julv l->, 1KS0; and I suppose he must
have lead liiv lettei. published ivith it. and dated Maich 11,
1851. The letter of Mr. Webstei, wnnen W*uw the mnct-
al of President Ta\l<>r, and before Mi. AWIkUm oi any
one else knew who would be nomuiate<l hy Mi iMllmoie
as Secietaty ot £tate, contained no intimation whatever
that the Department of State would be otleiod to bun, but
lather the tevcise; and vf, except the subsequent notice
bv telegiaph of the mere facts of Ui< nomination as Secre-
tary and acceptance ot the office, tins letter \v.^5 prior to
the time of his enteiing upon the duues ot the. Department,
the only communication I received either dneetly oi in-
dnectlv fmm Mr. Webster, on the whole subject of
Ihe Soctetaryslnp. I  aid so m my letter, and 1 now add
that I have not at any time had any communication with
him or from him upon the subject ot the spontaneous gilt
made to him bv the gentlemen of Boston, the chauietei ot
whieb lids been *o perverted by Mi Dana and Mi. Allen.
Tt is to be presumed that Mi. Dana saw the letter, and
theiclore knew pertectly well that there had not iice
such di-cieditable baigain as he de-enbed, and
btatepients he made about it were not tine.
The part which relates to the eontiact with Lnr-
coian is. Hiszgs, the Washington banker, and to Mi. H < b-
stei, as IniMiig k' icceived a aitt fiom the vim v i la-s ot men
concerned m this eontiact as the condition of his taking the
office of Hccrctaiyof State/'is aNo unttue. The out so
bonorablv offered by men « i' hich sen.-e ot honoi ni Boston
to Mr. Weh-ter was not offeied to him until^ many weeks
after he had become Seeretaiyof State. Nut uioie than
two of tin; pcisons who olaered* it to him could m any way
be regarded as of the cla*s of bankers, n: eom-eined in
bankinfl-; and so far from his kV position of independence
being atiected by it. as I\Ir. Dana declan-s it and is J
have good reason to believe that Mr. Webster doo< not to
this dav know the name oi position ol one ol the individuals
who have thus nobly and unostentatiously expressed to
using the same profession or occupation, are neces-
sarily such sworn friends, that an obligation con-
ferred by the one, implies a necessity of return to
the other. It requires a vivid imagination to pre-
sume, that because you have received pecuniary
obligation from a gentleman living in number one,
in any street, you will therefore feel bound to
swerve from your olfichd duties, to oblige some
of the gentlemen living in number two. There
is nothing in the accusation which demands a reply.
If there is anything m my colleague's position, it
is this: that the fact that Mr. Webster has been
embarrassed in his pecuniary affairs, and has re-
ceived pecuniary favors, would disqualify him from
serving his country as a statesman. Has my col-
league been so much more fortunate than most
other men as to have utterly escaped such embar-
rassments? Has the buick ox nevei trode on his
foot? If so, I congratulate him that that bitterest
drop has never been added to his cup of misery.
But if it should be true, of which T know noth-
ing, that he, too, like perhaps the majority of
mankind,has known the agonies of the proud man
subjected to the calls of the imperious creditor—
if lie too has "served for a term ir^fhat leprous
armada" of debt, entanglement, and evasion—
and if in happier and more prosperous hours, he
forgets the sufferings of earheryears,and isprompt
to urge against others a state of embarrassment as
a reason of disqualification—why, what then? It is
but a modern illustration of the savage line of the
Roman annalist, eo immitsior quia tohraverat, " all
the more pitiless because he, too, had suffered
and all that need be said is, that the people among
whom he lives have dealt and will deal with him
more sparingly and kindly than he is inclined to
deal with others.
Mr. Chairman, I now come to another point for
the consideiation of the committee. It appears by
the report of the debate on this subject in the last
! Congress, that my colleague [Mr. Allfnt] thenre-
! marked that no other gentleman pvcept himself had
' thought fit to bring Mr. Webster's private affairs
| before the notice of the House. The inquiry natu-
rally occurs, Why was it that nobody else thought
fit to bring these facts to the notice of the House ?
Was it fear, or was it good taste and decency that
prevented others from touching that subject? Was
there no other man in this House of equal courage
and force as my colleague?—and in saying this I
would not say a depreciatine: word of my col-
league's courage or force. What was the rea-
son that mi was the only person who could be
found tn l>nng these charges—a citizen of Massa-
chusetts—a former neighbor, fellow-citizen, and
friend of the Secretary of Slate? Are we not thus
led to the consideration, whether there is not some
" levcll'd malice," some hatred here? When my
colleague warns the House not to attach any im-
i any !
that the
a speech
mornin;
And yet my colleague has eoid this jj him their giatitudc lor Im Patll°t^Rs«r^}N nAVEN.
that he thought this House was the true
place, and did not think it proper until now to cor-
rect the alleged misrepresentations, as to the former
debate oh this subject. Well, Mr- Dana made
certain statements about this matter, and under
my colleague's suggestions, wluch weie pubhsned
in my colleague's district, ana wmch must have
met his eye, although he says he has not thought
proper to make use of the press m regard to this
FR.-l
| I was struck with the singular vagueness of the
I gentleman's expressions. He charged the Secre-
i torv of State with undue bias, because he liau
received favors from men of the class, by the
! same people, in the same street, who might possi-
' blv have the same occupation and protession as
I the bankers who had received this contrai t. I do
| not know that people living in the same street, or
portanee to the suggestions of political^ bias, and
advises them to consider facts alone, without ref-
eience to any unpleasant or unfriendly associa-
tions, lias he'not been conscious in his own mind
that his own course was governed by the very
causes against the influence of which he warned
the House?
My colleague is particularly earnest upon the
subject of corruption. He professes extreme fear
of corruption. Now, there is a paiticular piece
of corruption, as I consider it, occurring in our
own State, before his own eyes—I might say oc-
cumni;' at his own instigation—that 1 think his
talents and force might be more profitably directed
against, than in hunting up these trumpery
charges against the Secretary of State. Now,
what are the facts? There are three parties 111
Massachusetts, and I mean to bring this mniter
close home, so far as Mr. Webster is_ concerned.
There is the Demociatic party, winch in terms, in
its resolves, indorses those measures known
as the compromise measures. There is the Free-
Soil party", which is sustained and kept up by
haired to the compromise measures, including
the fugitive slave law. There is the Whig party,
which°I take it, by their State resolves, without
taking perfectly distinct ground upon the compro-
mise measures', still take perfectly distinct ground
in sustaining Mr. Webster. Whataretlie numbeis
of these parties ? The number of Wdng votes is
G4,!!00, the number of the Democratic votes^ is
41!,000; the number of the Free-Soil 23,000, leaving
the Whiffs a plurality, whir h any where else would
be a majority of 21,000 votes. Of that vast majority
, 0f Wings and Democrats, you have 100,000 voters
