2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Reliable information has reached the committee thatthese
Indians rendered themeelve^, by their adherence to the
United States, peculiarly obnoxious to the hostile Semi-
noles, and that they lost, in consequence, a good deal of
property in the shape of cattle and horses. Up to this day
they have never received from the Government any indem-
nity for losses, or pay for their services. The treaty with
the Creeks and Seminoles, of January, 1845, unfortunately
cut them off from all hope of obtaining indemnity without
making any provision in their favor. This fact presents an
additional reason for a prompt and liberal adjustment of
their claim for pay. The committee, therefore, recommend
an allowance of three months' pay to the one hundred and
twenty-nine warnors mustered by Captain Casey; and
herewith submit a bill for that purpose.
Mr. BRIGHT. By whom is that report made?
The PRESIDENT. By the Senator from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
private claim; but I suppose that, from the recent
decision of the Senate, they do not mean to regard
that rule any longer. It strikes me, however,
that if we go into this sort of legislation, we ought
to throw some additional guards about it, in order
to ascertain that the payments be made to proper
persons.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 16, noes 16.
So that it was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams,] voted in favor of the
amendment after the eye of the Chair had passed
him, and he was not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The decision has been announced;
the Chair therefore thinks that it is too late to
make any question as to it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment
which I wish to offer is to insert the following:
For expense of compiling a map, under the supervision
ol the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the use of the
committees of the Senate, showing the present boundary
of the Indian territory, and the location of the various In-
dian tribes within the United States, fSOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have one other amend-
ment to offer. It is to insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
requested to ascertain the names of those Cherokees resi-
ding'east of Uie Mississippi river who were entitled to, but
not paid their per capita allowance under the treaties of
1835 and 18-16, and cause to be paid to them the like amount
as was paid to the others entitled : Provided, That the
number shall not exceed si.xty ; and the sum necessary for
that purpose is hereby appropriated.
A word of explanation as to that amendment.
I perceive the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance is about making an attempt to get the floor.
1 am not at all astonished atit; fori believe, when-
ever the name " Cherokee" is mentioned, there
is an involuntary shudder which seems to disturb
his sensibilities. I have, therefore, some misgiv-
ings for the success of the amendment. It, how-
ever, embraces a small class; and I shall, after a
few words of explanation, leave the amendment
to the Senate. I will state the facts briefly.
I believe it is in the recollection of the Senate,
that about two years since we appropriated, upon
a final settlement with the Cherokees, some million
and a half or two millions of dollars, said to be
due them under the treaties of 1835 and 1846. In
the administration of that law, however,—in the
payment and distribution of that money, some of
the Indians were omitted. As a matter of course,
it was supposed there would be some defect in the
execution of the law. In the first place, the sum
appropriated to the Cherokees had to be divided
between those east and those west of the Missis-
sippi, after the division was made according to the
census taken under the authority of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. The number of those
residing east of the Mississippi was ascertained,
and an amount of money sufficient to pay them
their proportion was dispatched to the pay agent,
who distributed it among those who had been
placed upon the pay-roll by the agent who had
been directed by the Department to take the names
of the Indians. There were, I believe, about two
hundred who made application to go on the roll
as Cherokees, who were decided by the a^entnot
to be entitled, and were rejected. No provision is
of course to be made for them. Their appropri-
ation is an adjudicated matter, and it may be their
misfortune, but it is certainly one not to be reme-
died. There were others who, in consequence of
circumstances which Senators can easily imagine
were not placed upon the rolls—those who were
August 10,
living far from the place where the Indians were
convened, who escaped the notice that was given
by the agent, a small number of whom were in-
duced to believe that by accepting the distribution
they waived their right to some extraordinary pre-
tensions which they had set up under the treaty
of 1835 to lands within the limits of North Caro-
lina. These constitute only a few, and I under-
! stand from the best estimate that can be obtained,
I that they will not exceed sixty. These persons
| were evidently entitled under the treaty, but the
fund which was appropriated for them has been
exhausted, and the question is, whether we will
make an additional appropriation for the payment
of those persons, or leave them in their present
situation?
The Committee on Indian Affairs took this ques-
tion into consideration, and believed that, inas-
much as there were so few of these Indians, it
would be better to pay them (although it should
be done out of the Treasury of the United States)
the amount to which they were entitled under the
treaty, and which they had not been paid by the
disbursing agent, rather than to be importuned by
; a claim which they were certain would never die.
Most of these persons have madetheir application
j in writing to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
! fairs. Of course there could be no response to
them, except that there was no money on hand.
Statements made out by gentlemen from North
Carolina and Georgia and Alabama have rendered
it certain that there are not existing sixty of these
persons; possibly not over thirty.
The amendment, however, limits the number
of Indians to whom payment may be made to
sixty. I believe that number will embrace the full
amount. It lies entirely within the discretion of
i the Senate whether they will make a provision for
' the payment of these sixty additional Indians.
I am of the opinion, thatm the execution of the
law involving the disbursement of so much money
as that of the appropriation under the Cherokee !
treaties of 1835 and 184G, we have been remark-
ably successful; and it presents a very rare in-
stance of the perfect execution of a law with so
I little complaint. If in the disbursement of about
$2,000,000 among fifteen thousand or sixteen
thousand Indians we have only overlooked or es-
caped some fifty or sixty, we have been remark-
ably fortunate.
As I before said, these Indians are evidently
entitled to an allowance under the terms of the
treaty. Theirinterestispej-capifa—an interest which i
we have always regarded as vested, and which I
could not be paid to others. There is no fault at 1
' all attributable to the pay agent, or the agent who
was directed to ascertain the number of the In-
, dians. He undoubtedly performed his duty with
as much skill and as much fidelity as could be
expected under the circumstances; and, consider- |
ing all things, he has succeeded remarkably well i
m the accuracy with which he made out this roll. :
I present this case with the considerations for,
! and those against it, and the Senate can decide
whether, under the circumstances, they feel author-
! ized to make an additional appropriation to quiet,
probably, the last clamors with which we shall 1
! be importuned in reference to the execution of
this treaty.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I should like '
to know from the Senator from Arkansas whether
the adoption of this amendment will not amount
to a virtual repeal of the provision made in the
last appropriation for the Cherokees that it should
be a final settlement? because if we reopen it as to
these Indians, how can we refuse to reopen it unto
the others ? How do we know that there may not
be other claims?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I would say to the Sen- '
ator, that so far from opening what was certainly
intended to be understood on all sides as a final
settlement, this amendment acknowledges the
finality of that settlement. As I said before, if i
this amount of money be paid, it is a gratuity over i
and above the amount due to the Cherokees under .!
the treaty. There was so much money due to \
the entire Cherokee nation—to be distributed per
capita. Unavoidably, in the distribution of that
money, fifty or sixty persons, according to the
best evidence before us, were omitted to be placed
upon the pay roll, who were evidently entitled
under the treaty. As I said before, the fund is
gone. There is no pretense that any more is due
them; and 1 think it is a question of policy on our
part whether we will pay this small additional
sum to quiet what I think will be the last demand
upon the Government arising under this treaty. I
am of opinion that, we had better pay this small
amount of money as a gratuity, in order to fulfill
literally the terms of the treaty, than to be con-
tinually importuned with these claims, which we
know have an immortality.
Mr. BELL. The only difficulty I see about
this matter is, as to the mode of ascertaining who
these eastern Cherokees are. It is some fifteen or
sixteen years since the treaty was made; and I am
satisfied that under the appropriation which was
made some time ago to the North Carolina In-
dians, a great deal of fraud was practiced in the
ascertainment of the Indians who were entitled.
I forget what those frauds were; but 1 know that,"
as a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
I had occasion at one time to look into it, and I
found that every sort of claim had been trumped
up from the year 1835 to the time that the exam-
ination was made. Claims were set up for alleged
heirs of Indians who had been extinct for years 
claims depending upon very uncertain proof.
Now, I have no objection at all to make an ap-
propriation to pay the per capita allowance under
the treaty of 1835 to all who shall be, with reason-
able certainty, ascertained to be entitled to it.
The difficulty is to ascertain now, after this lapse
of time, who are entitled. I do not know whether
it is a fact, but I have heard it said that some
Cherokees have returned from the west to the
east occasionally, and set up some of these claims.
That was an allegation under the former exam-
ination.
I make these remarks for the purpose of calling
the attention of the«Senator from Arkansas and of
the Senate to the propriety of making some amend-
ment to the amendment, by which this claim shall
i be ascertained in such a way that we shall think
; there is some security that we shall not have to
I pay a large batch of claimants who are not enti-
tled. I know that a great many claims would be
set up in that country, founded upon a very little
evidence. Cunning, ingenious white men may
go among the Indians, and for the purpose of put-
ting something into their own pockets, they can
get up almost any number of claims, and get the
Indians to allege that they are entitled. And un-
less provision is made for a very close examina-
tion of the claims, I think we are likely to have a
fraud practiced upon us.
It is true, as stated by the Senator from Arkan-
, sas, that this claim will not lead to the expendi-
! ture of a large amount of money; but 1 would
; suggest that some provision be made, by some
alteration in the amendment, to remedy the evil to
i which I have alluded. I understood the Senator
to state that there were applications from some of
these Indians in writing, claiming these sums.
I Now, if the Secretary of the Interior should take
' it for granted that all these are valid claims, in re-
, gard to which applications have been made in
writing, I do not think it would give any assur-
' ance of truth. I think if provision was made that
the Secretary should send an experienced officer
: of the Indian Department to make that examina-
! tion in the country—one who had knowledge of
j the frauds formerly practiced, we should then
have some assurance that all would be right, or at
least as much assurance as in the nature of things
j we could have. There are some officers in the
Indian Department who could make such an ex-
amination. If Mr. Mix, for example, were sent
. on such a mission, I should have the greatest con-
fidence that he would eviscerate the facts as far as
he could with reasonable scrutiny. But, then, we
| ought to enlarge the appropriation and pay the
agent for his expenses, and if necessary, give him
same extra compensation. I believe Mr. Mix is
only a clerk, receiving a moderate salary—I do
not know what it is. But, if some such officeras
he were to go, I should feel some assurance that
we should be called upon to pay no more, or not
much more than was due, for I know that some
frauds will be practiced under any circumstances.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The suggestions of the
Senator from Tennessee are entitled to their
weight, and are considerations which legitimately
arise out of the nature of this case. It is very true
that the amendment ought to be guarded in such
a way as to prevent frauds arising in the admin-
istration of this small amount of money; for it is
undoubtedly true that if temptation is held out, or
