1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Mr. CLINGMAN, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Jones] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 46, providing for carrying
into execution in further part the twelfth article of
the treaty concluded with Mexico at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, but had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. EVANS moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, in order to allow the
Speaker to present to the House a communication
from the President.
Mr. EVANS I will withdraw the motion.
THE MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the consent of the
House to permit the communication from the
President now lying upon the Speaker's table to
be read.
{Cries of " Read it!" " Read it!"]
There being no objection, the following commu-
nication was then read by the Clerk, viz:
To the House of Representatives:
1 transmit a report from the Secretary of State,
and the documents which accompanied it, upon
the subject of a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of yesterday, relative to the Mexican
indemnity. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington1, Junuanj 23, 1S52.
Several Members. Read the documents from
the Secretary of State.
Mr. ORR. I beg leave to suggest that these
communications will all be published in the Globe
to-morrow morning, so there will be no necessity
for their being read now. I move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and be printed.
The question was put, and it was so ordered.
[The following are the documents enclosed in
the message of the President:
To the President of the United States:
I communicate to you, a resolution which passed
the House of Representatives yesterday, request-
ing me to transmit to that House "copies of the
1 notes addressed to the Department of Staie by
' theMexican Minister,M. DelaRosa,(onthesub-
' ject of the payment of the Mexican indemnity,)
*in the months of Febiuary and March last; to-
' gether with a statement of any information m
' relation to the same matter which may have been
4 verbally communicated to Ins Department by the
' Mexican Minister, in regard to the wishes of the
'Mexican Government as to the payment-of the
{ money here; and a statement of the terms upon
{ which it was willing to receive it.5' It is cus-
tomary for such requests to be addressed to the
President, and for the answer to be left subject to
his discretion. The depaiture from usage m this
case was probably the result of accident or haste.
I know no objection to transmitting to the House
a copy of Mr. De la Rosa's notes, but I think it
proper that it should be done by your authority.
All the notes called for by the resolution are here-
with laid before you; and, also, in order that the
subject may be properly understood, the note of
this Department to Mr. De la Rosa, of the 21st of
February last.
It is impossible for me 10 state, e\en if it were
proper, what conversation took place between Mr.
De ia Rosa and myself on the subject.
Respectfully submitted,
DAN'L WEBSTER.
1)e?\utment of State,
Washington, January 23, 1852.
Mr, Dc la Rosa to Mr. Webster.
[translation.!
Mexican Legation, Washington,
February 3d, 1851.
The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Mex-
ico, lias the honor of addressing himself to the
Secretary of State, for the purpose of making
known to him that lie has been instructed by his
Government to inform that of the United States
of the fact that Mr. Edmund J. Forstall has
advanced a sum of ^400,000 to Mexico, which,
according to agreement, must be returned m full
to him when the next installment of the indemnity
which the United States are paying to Mexico in
pursuance of the treaty of Guadalupe shall be-
come due. The undersigned incloses herewith to
the Secretary of State a copy of the note he has !
received from his Government in relation to this !
matter, marked No. 1. The undersigned begs 1
also to inform the Secretary of State, that the I
aforesaid Mr. Forstall has further advanced, on i
the same terms, another sum of §150,000 to the 1
Mexican Government, as it is shown by copy No. i
2, and another sum of $100,000, as it appears j
from the note marked No. 3, a literal copy of !
which he incloses to the Secretary of State. And ;
although it is stated in the memorandum of this i
last note, that the sum advanced is §200,000, the :
undersigned believes that this amount was insert-
ed through a mistake, and that the sum advanced j
is only ipiOO,000, as will be shown by the respective !
certificates, which the General Treasury of Mexico
has no doubt given to the party interested.
The undersigned avails himself of thi3 oppor-
tunity to renew to the Secretary of State the assur-
ances of his most distinguished consideration.
LUIS DE LA ROSA.
The Hon. Daniel Webster, &c., &c., &c.
[translation-.]
No. 1.
Department of Interior and Foreign Relations—Ao.
132—Fuur hundred thousand dollars of the indem-
nity—Duplicate.
National Palace, Mexico
December 14, 1850.
Most excellent Sir: In a note dated yester- ,
day, the Minister of Finances has communicated ■
to me the following: ]
"Most excellent Sir: His Excellency the 1
i President has requested that I would write to
' your Excellency, which I have the honoi of do- j
' mg, m order that, conformably to the agreement ;
' contained in the certificate of {our hundred thou-
' sand dollars, which has been forwarded to Ed- ,
' mund J. Forstall, in virtue of the coutiact en- j
" tered into by lnm with the Government on the !
* 11th instant, in advancing the aforesaid win, ,
' that the same would be refunded in full to him, i
' on the payment of the next installment of the |
' indemnity due from the United States. Your ;
' Excellency will be pleased to apprise that Gov- '
'eminent of the fact accordingly, per original, j
' duplicate, triplicate, and quadruplicate. And I '
' hereby send a copy of these instructions to your
' Excellency, m order that the orders contained .
' therein mav be carried out.
" God and Libeity. LACUNRA.
" To His Excellency the Minister Plenipotentiary
' of the United States of Mexico in ll'ashinglon."
[translation.]
No 2. ]
Department o f Interior and Foreign Relations—Du- |
plicate—Js'o. 133, one hundred and fifty thousand j
dollars of the indemnity. ]
National Palace, Mexico,
December 20, 1850.
Most jsxcelt ent Sir: In a note dated the 17th
instant, the Minister of Finances writes to me as
follows:
" Most excellent Sir: His Excellency the
'President has requested that I would wute to
' your Excellency, which I have the honor of
'domain order thai, conformably to the Ntipu-
' lations contained in the cei tificate of one hundred
' and fifty thousand dollars, which has been for-
' warded to Edmund J. Forstall, m \irtue of the
'contract entered into by him with the Govern-,
' ment on the 14th instant, in advancing the afore- !
' said sum, that the same would be refunded m j
' full to him on the payment of the next install- 1
' m* nt of the indemnity due from the United Stales. ,
' Your Excellency will be pleased to apprise that 1
' Government of the fact accordingly, peronginal, >
'duplicate, triplicate, and quadruplicate; and 1
* have the honor of enclosing a copy of said orders
' accordingly, m order that your Excellency may ,
{ be pleased to give that Government notice of the I
' fact.
ts God and liberty- LACUNRA.
" To His Excellency the Minister Plenipotentiary
of the Mexican Republic in Washington."
[translation.]
No. 3.
Department of Interior and Foreign Relations—No.
134.—Duplicate advance of two hundred thousand
dollars of the indemnity
National Palace, Mexico, )
December 28, 1850. )
^Most excellent Sir: Tn a note, dated the"
27th of December, his Excellency the Minister of
Finances writes to me as follows;
" Most excellent Sir: His Excellency the
' President has requested that I would make the
' present communication to your Excellency, in
' order that, conformably to the agreement con-
' tained m the certificate of one hundred thousand
' dollars, which has been forwarded to Edward J.
' Forstall, in virtue of the contract entered into by
; ' him with the Government on the 23d instant, in
' advancing the aforesaid sum,that the same would
' be refunded in full to lnm on the payment of the
' next installment of the indemnity due from the
' United States. Your Excellency will be pleased
' to give that Government proper notice of the fact
'per oiiginal, duplicate, triplicate, and quadrupli-
'cate. And in order that your Excellency may
' give said Government the requiied notice, J ha\e
' the honor of transcribing them to you, with the
* renewed expression of my consuleiation.
" God and liberty. LACUNRA.
" To Ilis Excellency the Minister Plenipotentiary
of the Mexican Republic in Washington."
Mr. de la Rosa to Mr. Webster.
[translation.]
Mexk- \n Legation, )
Washington, 17 s 1851. )
The undeisigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Mex-
ico, has the honor of addressing himself to the
honorable Secretary of State of the United States,
for the purpose of informing lnm that it is-with
regret he finds himself compelled to occupy once
more the attention of the said Secretary on the
subject of certain drafts which have been remitted
by the Mexican Government upon that of the
United States. This subject is connected with the
contract of Mr. Marks with the Government of
the undersigned, for raising funds upon the mort-
gage of the indemnity which the United States are
paymg to Mexico.
The oilicial communication which the unde-
signed has just received from the afoieraid Mr.
Marks, in whu h he speaks of a claim for indem-
nification, which he believes himself entitled to
piescnt against Mexico, and the duly which de-
volve* on the undersigned, to avoid the prevention
of such claim, have reduced hnn to the necessity
of ti eating once moie with the Secretary of State
j on this disagreeable subject.
| With this object in view, the undersigned thinks
it proper to imbody certain facts in this official
note:
Before being made acquainted with the fart that
the Secretary of State had made a contract for the
payment of the funds of the indemnify, the Mexi-
can Government had, on its part, entered into
another contract with D. Isaac D.Marks, lelative
to the same payment, and hnd directed the under-
signed to endeavor to procure from the Govern-
ment of the United States the acceptance of the
drafts whfh had been i emitted, for the payment
of said indemnity, which payments were to take
place at the vanoui times stipulated to that etfect
in the treaty of peace
The undersigned had begun to neootia^e ver-
bally with the Secretary of Stale for the accept-
ance of said drafts when he leceived a note fr<>m
his Government, in wh'e-h he was told that \n case
the Secretary of Slate should aheady h<v\e been
compromised m fax or o! any contract, not to oiler
any opposition on the part of this legation to any
arrangement which the Societaly of State might
have made—not at U.ist m such a manner hs to
give any ground of offence by such opposition—
but to pcisUt in the mode which he thought most
prudent m asking for the acceptance of the dmffs,
as this would be very agreeable to the interests of
Mexico. The undersigned then spoke again to
the Secretary of State about the importance which
his Government placed upon the acceptance o1 the
drafts, and endeavored to convince him of the fact
that the interests of the United States would not
suffer on account of this acceptance.
