1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2153
any door is left open for the perpetration of frauds,
there is nothing in the character of the Indians,
and the unscrupulous white men who go among
them, to warrant us in believing that a great many
frauds will not be perpetrated as long as the Treas-
ury is laid open to their applications.
In speaking of these applications being in
writing, 1 was probably not understood by the
Senator. Many of the applications have been
in writing—complaining that these Indians were
not placed upon the pay roll. I do not say that
all of the applications have been in writing; on
the contrary, I know that many of them have not
been. Many of the Indians are known to be in
existence who, from unavoidable circumstances,
were omitted in the pay-roll which was made out
under theauthority of the Commissioner oflndian
Affairs. I learned the names of a number of them
—some from a Representative from the State of
Georgia, in the other House, a portion fiom a
Representative from the northern part of Alabama,
and some from the declarations and statements
made by the pny agent who went there, and who
was satisfied, from the applications made to him,
that there were genuine and bona fide Cherokees
clearly entitled, who were not embraced on his
pay-roll, and who would have been paid, but for
the fact that their names were omitted from the
roll.
I would state further, for the information of the
Senator from Tennessee, that there is, I think, one
means of identifying every genuine Indian entitled
under the treaty of 1835; and that is, the census
made out by the terms of that treaty, upon which
all who were genuine Indians were required to be
enrolled for the very purpose of receiving the ben-
efits of the treaty, and for the very purpose of
avoiding any difficulty about the identity of the
persons who were to receive payments under the
provisions of the treaty. That roll, generally
called by the Indians the roll of 1836, is now in
the archives of the Indian office.
It may be true, and I have no doubt such is the
fact, that some of the western Cherokees have
emigrated back to North Carolina. But they have
been paid, and the names of those who have been
paid are on the pay rolls of the agents who have
distributed the money under the treaties of 1835
and 1W46. So that I do not apprehend any diffi-
culty on that score. I am perfectly willing to re-
ceive any additional amendments to confine this
appropriation to the very small class for whose
benefit it is intended. I shall receive, as a favor,
any suggestion which will end in the incorporation
of a proper amendment. An amendment has been
sent to me by a friend, which, as far as it goes,
meets my approbation, and I therefore move to
amend the amendment which has been offered, by
adding the following proviso:
Proid'letJ, That no Indian shall receive any payment
under this *eciion who has already received what he was
entitled to under the said treaties.
Mr. HUNTER. There is one argument urged
by the Senator from Arkansas in relation to this
claim, which carried weight with me. He says,
we know these claims are immortal, and that they
will ultimately pass—that if the claim is made, it
is as well to pay it at once. I think experience
shows that there is much in this argument. I
know of none of these claims which do not ulti-
mately pass. It seems to be almost a waste of
time to resist them. We have a full Treasury,
and it seems to be the determination to expend
what is in it.
I had hoped that this Cherokee matter was
closed when the last appropriation was made and
pronounced to be a "final" satisfaction of their
claims. We are reopening it now as to persons,
and it will not be long before we shall reopen it as
to claims, for the purpose of letting in other claims
than those originally designed to be provided for.
These are some of the fruits of the practice that
commenced, I think, in relation to these Cherokee
treaties—the practice of going behind the treaty
itself for the purpose of ascertaining what were
the parol declarations of the agents and commis-
sioners at the time the treaty was made, and the
attempt to execute, not what the treaty provided,
but what might be proved by interested persons—
what the ngents themselves had declared, and
whatever understanding they might set up in rela-
tion to it. I have no doubt, sir, that the adoption
of this amendment will in the end serve to reopen
the matter still further; and I have as little doubt
that what the Senator from Arkansas says is true,
that the claim will ultimately be allowed, and I do
not know that we gain anything by resisting it.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, if I were called
upon, I should state deliberately that the Senator
from Virginia, chairman of the Committee on Pi-
nance, is one of the most amiable and imperturba-
ble men I ever met with in my life. Why, he speaks
of this matter in kind terms, as if we never had
known of these Indian claims before. We were
called upon for a large amount, on a former occa-
sion, in favor of these Indians, and an extended
discussion took place upon it, and at last it was
concluded that we would go the whole bait, swallow
it all; and that we might deem ourselves as finally
rid and clear of it, we put in a " final settlement"
clause, and said that it was an end of the matter;
that it was in final satisfaction of all the demands
in favor of these Indians against the Government.
But one brief session of Congress passes away,
and so far from its being a settlement, up comes
individuals presenting their claims and asking that
we shall open this "final settlement"—shall go
into a reinvestigation of the matter—shall ascertain
who have any claims that were not ascertained,
and pay them. Why, sir, this is very extraor-
dinary.
The Senator from Virginia is certainly right
that this is an outrage upon the generosity of the
Senate. But he speaks of it kindly; and he con-
cludes that, as these claims are immortal, and will
be paid, we might as well surrender at first as at
last—come down and pay the money, and, if pos-
sible, get another receipt. Now, for my part, I
am disposed to stand by what we have done here-
tofore, rely upon the receipt we have heretofore
taken, anu say, on this occasion, to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, " We will not deviate from
the receipt we have formerly taken—we will not
reopen these matters—we will not appropriate any
more money for this purpose." If tne Senate
will do that, it occurs to me that we shall hear
nothing more from the Senator from Arkansas in
regard to the Cherokees; for he has certainly
spoken of them to an extent hardly endurable by
any other condition of the nervous system than
that of the Senator from Virginia. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Virginia seems to bear it pa-
tiently; but I wish that he would stand up a little
more, and stand firmly, until he finds that he will
have to yield.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator mistakes me
very much if he supposes that I intend to vote for
the amendment. If he wishes to arrest it, he had
better give me a little of his assistance.
Mr. WALKER, i am doing so.
Mr. CHARLTON. I do not know anything
in reference to the original consideration; but I do
I know this: that 1 have received communications
i from Georgia—which I know to be correct—from
persons who state that this whole difficulty arose
m consequence of the want of proper advertise-
ment to the Indians who were entitled to the
money. These advertisements were not made in
the public press; but they were made at cross
roads and divers other places; and persons who
were entitled to the money, knew nothing at all
about it. Now, surely they should not be pro-
i hibited by any terms in that treaty in reference to
| its finality, from coming in to receive that which
I is justly due to them, and which has been ac~
! knowledged by the Government to be due to them.
! The difficulty arises exclusively out of the fact
I that they have not been advised that they were
! entitled to this claim. I am sure that js the case
j in one instance, and I dare say it is in others. If
I that be the case, where is the necessity, where is
j the justice of refusing this appropriation ?
I I hope my friend from Virginia will continue to
have the amiable disposition which the Senator
from Wisconsin has attributed to him, and that he
will not resist the claim. It is a small amount,
but it is of very large consequence to those inter-
ested. Nothing has been said against its justice.
The whole difficulty has arisen because the parties
I entitled were not properly forewarned of the time
! when, and place where, they should come forward
I and make their claims known.
Mr. CASS. I do not see why the principle of
this amendment, if carried out, should not apply
to all payments to Indians of annuities where they
are required to be paid per capita. Indians might
come forward and say that they were not adver-
tised of the payment of an annuity, and therefore
did not receive their per capita allowance, and de-
mand it of the Government. I do not see why
this principle may not apply to every case, if it
can be applied to this case; and if it does apply,
almost every Indian will say: "The agent was
mistaken; I did not receive my proper annuities;
I could not go there and get payment. You un-
dertook to give so much per capita, but you did
not comply with your contract. I have not got
my allowance." Besides, it appears tome that
the whole facts of the case are entirely too loose
to warrant legislation. If we can make this pro-
vision for sixty men, why not extend it to six
! thousand men, on the same ground? I am op-
posed to it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I take this oc-
casion to say that I have listened to this discussion
! with great satisfaction, because it has brought me
to the conclusion that I can, without violation of
my conscientious feelings of right, vote for once
with the Senator from Virginia against an appro-
priation. I do it with great pleasure; and as we
all have some strong interest in maintaining him
in his health and popularity, I call upon the Sen-
ate to unite with me and others in voting down
this amendment as an encouragement to the vigi-
lance of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. CHARLTON. I have only one word
more to say. The Senator from North Carolina,
1 admit, is a very liberal man in reference to claims
generally; and I only wonder that he has turned
round now at the time when he should hold on
strongly in the cause of right and justice. If a.
bill were passed making an appropriation to the
! members of Congress—I grant you, as we are
keen and astute m reference to our rights, con-
structive mileage and others—it would be very
proper that, after two or three years, if we had
not made our application, we should be refused
payment. I apprehend, however, that that case,
unfortunately, never will arise. But here is a
case where you are going to make payment of a
certain amount of money, and you are not fore-
warning the beneficiaries of the time and place at
which they should come and receive it. If this
claim is just, 1 ask Senators if there is any reason
to call it a stale claim, when you have never noti-
fied the individuals of the place where, and the time
when they should come forward and receive it?
Why, sir, one of the objections to Caligula was,
that he posted his laws so high that nobody could
read them. But this is worse still. You pass
laws; you put them in your statute-book, and ex-
pect the Cherokees and their descendants to read
| them, and do not give them a chance to do so.
j But you send your agent there,and, likeCaligula,
| he sticks up his notices upon some of the cross-
I roads; and when these people, forewarned now
j for the first time by being refused payment, pre-
sent their claim, we are told that it is a stale claim.
I hope my friend, the Senator from North Caro-
lina, will go with me in this matter, and not sus-
tain the Senator from Virginia. I know it is the
business of the Senator from Virginia—and he
does it faithfully and truly—to look closely into
all these claims; but why this extraordinary vigi-
lance over this small claim? I ask Senators if
they believe this claim to be just ? and if nobody
can gainsay what I said, (and which I said, I
j think, on proper authority,) then this claim is
| just, for the proper notification was not given to
i these Indians, and they should not be thrown
' aside from the Treasury of this Government in
: consequence of the acts of the Government itself,
i Mr. CASS. The Senator from Georgia will
| allow me to say, that I think he misapprehends the
! condition of these Indians. I do not believe the
i fact, that there ever was to be a paymentof money
j to any Indian tribe whatever, which was pre-
| viously made known to the tribe—that they were
i not all there to receive it. The fact that there is
money to be paid operates upon them like the
fiery cross did upon the Scotch. They come from
one end of the land to the other, and present their
claims. It is utterly impossible, I think, from
my knowledge of the Indians, to keep from them
the fact that money is to be paid. They will all
know of such a thing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A word in reference to
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Michigan. Every word that falls from that hon-
orable Senator in connection with appropriations
for Indians of course receives a consideration here
