1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
Mr. CASS. 1 understand, from the chairman
of the Naval Committee, that if this arrangement
is made, the owners will be compelled to add
another vessel. Therefore-, if we have five boats,
it will require $1,000,000 a year, calculating at the
rate offered to the French Government, and which
I suppose, will be accepted.
Mr. BADGER. Those ships are only half the
tonnage of this line.
Mr. CASS. I do not know how that is, as I
think the tonnage was not stated in the article I
read. There was one objection to the proposition
before us, urged both by the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] and the Semtor from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] who, although at antipodes
upon the principle of the objection, agreed fully
as to its practical effect; one gentleman, however,
contending- that it went too far, and the other that
it did not go far enough; and most extraordinary,
indeed, to my mind, were the views thus urged.
Both these gentlemen said this was a measure of
protection, as though it involved the principles of
the tariff. Well, sir, it is a question of protection—
of high, and important, and holy protection, in
the best sense of the term—the protection of our
country, of our expatriated seamen, of our com-
merce, of our interests, of our honor, of our soil,
of all that gives dignity and character to nations,
protection against defeat, disgrace, and dishonor.
That is the protection, which this measure will
give, should the experiment be successful. And
i am unwilling to abandon it upon mere conjectu-
ral objections, till its failure is ascertained by a
sufficient trial. If established it will enable us to
make such an addition to the Navy as might be
necessary at the least possible cost—a Navy,
whose great objects we all know, and whose great
feats are feit with pride by every American heart.
Why, the honorable gentleman may as well tell
us that because in timeof war you send out armed
ships to act as convoys to protect your commer-
cial marine against belligerent cruisers, that is pro-
tection; and that if you were to leave your mer-
chant ships a prey to the enemy, neutral powers
would do the carrying trade and thus save you
from these expensive armaments; that if protec-
tion cost anything it should be abandoned, and
our commerce swept from the face of the ocean;
that other nations may do their business and our
own. There is no place in an American heart for
such a sentiment, any more than there is in the
true view of national interest and honor. This
question has no connection with a protective tariff.
It rests on other and higher considerations. It is
a question of defense. It is an experiment we are
making, and which other nations are making, to
ascertain how the most, efficient military marine
c$n be maintained at the leastexpense to the public
revenue. It may prove a failure; I do not say it
will not. But I do say I am not prepared to re-
ject a plan, recommended by so much practical
intelligence, a trial of which we have already com-
menced, without carrying that trial to some rea-
sonable result. It seeks the solution of a question
of national defense, vitally interesting to us now,
and still more in the times that are coming. It
has no more connection with a protective tariff
than has the builumg of your ships of the line. I
repeat, if the experiment is a successful one it
will provide, to a considerable extent, for the
establishment of a self-supporting Navy. In my
opinion, if it turns out as manv anticipate, it will
be one of the mostimportant advances ever made
in the policy of a country. Instead of the enor-
mous expense of a Navy, everywhere proverbial,
it would enable us to provide an active and ade-
quate military marine of certain useful classes, I
do not mean of all, which would be at the service of
the country whenever its exigencies required, and
which in the mean time could be supported and
kept in proper order at a comparative small cost
to the public. Thus would be solved one of the
most important questions, that belong to the prac-
tical operations of governments in our day.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] seemed to consider the establishment of this
line as a partial and exclusive benefit to New York,
and that equal justice would require similar favors
should be extended to other points; I do not know
whether to all or to which of them, upon thepnn-
ciple that we should act with the same impartiality
towards every portion of the Union. That prin-
ciple is a just one in all matters of general legisla-
tion , and no Government should depart from it. But
where particular objects are required for the public
service, and the selection of particular places,
where those objects can be best attained, in such
cases it is impossible, that alljplaces can share alike
in the accidental benefits that may result from the
measure. You cannot put a dock-yard every-
where. You cannot put a mint everywhere, a
naval hospital, a fort, an arsenal, or a capitol. But
are you therefore to put them nowhere? I repeat,
that so far as a Government can, it is bound to con-
fer equal benefits on all; but in the administration
of every Government, there are necessary positions"
to which certain objects must be confined. Every-
body cannot have a county seat at his door; nor a
bridge, nor an important road; but are we there-
fore to abandon all these objects, because they in-
cidently confer greater ad van tages upon some points
than on others* The question is not whether the es-
tablishment of this line is peculiarly advan/ageous
to New York, but whether New York is theproper
terminus, having relation to the public serviceand
interest. Whether it is the place whence these
vessels should go, and to which they should re-
turn. Well, I suppose, looking at the communi-
cation between this country and Europe, if we are
to have this line—and this is the only one that now
engages my attention—no gentleman will deny
that New York is the proper place for its estab-
lishment.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator
whether I understood him correctly. Did he say
that he would vote against aid to all other lines? I
so understood him.
Mr. CASS. I did not say that. But I will
say that, according to my present impressions, I
should vote against any additional compensation
to any other line, under any circumstances, unless
there are much stronger considerations presented,
than I am now aware of. So far as respects the
pledge of Congress to other lines, I shall vote to
carry it out. But so far as there is no pledge, I
hold myself perfectly uncommitted, with a strong
leaning against the extension of the system. I
maintain and repeat, that there are no other lines
m operation which, to my mind, can compare
with this in their claims to public support.- i am
not now speaking of steam-vessels, employed to
carry themailupon pubhcnotices from the Depart-
ment, where competition is insured in the usual
manner. That is a mode of proceeding, which re-
moves all fears of p;irt>ahfy or extravagance.
If the line we ha\e established between this
country and England should be now abandoned,
I take it for granted, that the business would be
done bv the British hue. In that event the postal
treaty would probably be terminated by notice,
which each Government has the right to give, and
the postage would be raised at least as high as it
was before the reduction occasioned by the results
of competition. The same freights of valuable
goods would be carried as now, but at enhanced
rates of transportation. Therefore, in a financial
point of view, it seems to me, that there are many
considerations that weigh against the abandon-
ment of this line.
But, sir, one of the most important questions
that belong to modern times must be solved before
long; and that is, the change that will be intro-
duced into warlike naval operations by the appli-
cation of Jsteam. No man knows what is to be
its effect. Wo can foresee that a great change
must come. There are signs enough of that. But
how and to what extent this mighty power is to
operate in the maritime contests of the world, is
matter of conjecture, rather titan of experience.
The most careless observer can see that an impend-
ing revolution is at hand, but the wisest is baffled
in the practical solution of the problem; we can-
not foretell what will be its effect upon the oper-
ation of fleets, upon the blockading of ports, upon
the attack of places, or upon the various objects
to be attained by hostile squadrons, by detached
cruisers, or by roving privateers. Under these
circumstances it becomes to us a matter of vast
importance to be prepared for the results, whatever
these may be. I consider it by far the most mo-
mentous question, that has arisen in the science of
war, since the invention of gunpowder. The ex-
periment has been tried on a small scale on the
coasts of Syriaand China, but the operations there
were not of fleets and ships against fleets and
ships, nor one civilized power against another,
but ships against batteries unskillfully defended,
ships penetrating into the Chinese ports and others
attacking the Syrian coast. But enough has tran-
spired to show, that a new and most formidable
element, of destruction is about to mingle itself in
the contests of nations, and which will operate
with destructive energy upon their future belliger-
ent communications.
No man can have any difficulty in foretelling
that the next general maritime war, which breaks
oat in Europe, will present features- in its opera-
tions, more important, perhaps, than the world has
yet seen. No one knows when war will come.
All, indeed, know the unsettled condition of the
old hemisphere; know that it is a volcano, and
that an eiuption may break out at any moment.
During th« interval between the departure and the
arrival of one of these very steam-ships, a general
war upon sea and land may be kindlea in Europe;
the general conflagration may ultimately extend to
our continent,and involve us in its fearful calami-
ties. Itbecomesus,then,tobeready. Thepractical
question arises: what kind of preparation should
we make? The experience of our own country has
shown, and the genius of our people would have ,
taught us without the experiment, that we are
unwilling to make extensive preparations, involv-
ing large expenditures, unless the crisis requiring
them is almost upon us.
We are not in the condition of the Governments
of the Old World, placed in contact 'with one an-
other, with numerous points of collision, and prone
to hostilities, and where great military and naval
arrangements have become almost a part of the
political system. We are a young, an arde t, and
an enterpnsing,people, looking around with pride,
and forward witfi confidence. Danger must be
almost upon us, before we can realize its approach,
and the necessity for the employment of great
military means immediate, before we are willing
to prepare them.
We rely upon ourselves for proper exertions
when the trial comes, and our history shows, that
that reliance is not a false one. Still, to a certain
degree, every dictate of prudence requires, that
some preparation should be made. It is very im-
portant to know how that can be effected with the
least expense, and that is the very problem now
before us.
I repeat what I said before: there are difficul-
ties—doubts in relation to this matter. The ex-
periment Is in full operation. I am willing it
should go on for a reasonable time, till we can
form a more decided opinion, as to its results. A
naval war, if we are engaged in one, will present
peculiar features in its operations, applicable to
the condition of few other maritime nations. I
doubt very much whether this country will ever
send heavy fleets to sea. I doubt whether we
shall ever send out large vessels,.operating in
masses, except under some very peculiar circum-
stances, having' relation to this hemisphere. - It
has been well said that fleets and colonies ren-
der each other necessary; but what should we do
with a heavy fleet at sea? "We ought to have the
best prepared and the speediest cruisers in the world
both heavy and light, some for our own coast and.
the neighboring sens, aod others for more remote
cruising stations, where the nature of the enemy's
trade may enable us most easily to annoy their
commerce.
But we can have no motive to equip powerful
fleets to meet those of France or England, and to
fight battles, whose results, even when successful,
would leave us as we were; for there are no dis-
tant arqir sit ions for us to seek, no colonial depend-
encies to defend; and I do not believe that the most
confident statesman in Europe dreams of sending
fleets and armies to operate upon this country.
The proposition before us has been discussed as
though but one single Jlhject in naval architecture
were to be attained; asflough we were to ascertain
what was the heaviest ship, to which we could apply
steam power with a useful result. That is not the
object at all. Some of us seem to think that a
certain model is to be sought; a model which is
to unite in itself all the various properties, that are
required for maritime operations. Why, sir, no
such standard is possible: and for a very obvious
reason. Purposes are sought in naval warfare,
which require properties in vessels utterly incom-
patible with one another. You "want a heavy ship
to fight in line. You want frigates to detach on
cruising service, and as dispatch vessels to carry
orders. You want-bomb-ships. _ You want ships
for transport service, and for various other objects,
