1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
It is not easy—in fact it is utterly impossible—-that
any one model can be found, which shall unite all
these advantages in one ship. You must consider
, the po\frer of fighting, the speed of the vessels,
their capacity for carrying coal, the security of
• their machinery. All these are elements of the
-calculation for each of the different classes.
' In the event of a naval war between this coun-
try and "a great maritime power in Europe, what
-are the assailable points, that we can attack ? What
are the objects, that we should seek to accomplish ?
in the first place, let me say, that we talk a great
deal about b&nishing war from the earth. We
have got peace societies, and very philanthropic
men in our country, who confidentlylook forward
4,0 the near approach of universal and perpetual
peace, when national hostilities will no longer come
to add their woes to the other calamities incident
to human nature.
I regret to say, that I have no faith in these an-
ticipations. I desire universal peace, as fervently
as any one; bu^my judgment overrules my wishes.
I do not believe such a thing is possible. There
must be an utter change in human nature, before
these fond expectations can be realized. He, who
tn&de us as we are, mustgive us new passions, or
tiew powers to control those we possess, before we
achieve such a conquest over them. This period
<of universal peace may indeed come; but it will
only come with that time foretold by prophecy,
,«.na foreseen by faith, when the kingdoms of this
■world shall become the kingdom of our Lord and
Saviour; and when the reign of the Prince of Peace
shall be established, to which time will bring no
end. Till then, however the imjfroving spirit of
the age may diminish the contests of nations, it
will not entirely prevent them.
Under these circumstances, what are we to do?
Knowing that war must come; knowing that it
will come; knowing that some day or other, sooner
or later, it will overtake us, what art* we to do?
Like wise men, it becomes us to look our difficul-
ties in the face. Modern commerce, the inter-
change of commodities between the nations of the
•earth, is important to their improvement and civil-
ization. For some it is essential to their existence,
• or at any rate to the position, they occupy in the
world. It is the very life-blood of English great-
ness and prosperity. Without it she would fall
from that proud preeminence she has attained by ^
many high qualities, which I know how to appre-'
ciale as well as any one, and which I have never
denied to her. If she has not always employed
them to a just and useful purpose, while we con-
demn her course, we shall find no nation in the
world entirely free from a similar reproach. If
her commerce should be broken up, she would be
precipitated into an abyss of disaster and dishonor.
Our object on the ocean, in the eventof a war with
England, would be to .sweep her commerce from
existence, and that is the only practical object we
should'seek to attain by our maritime operations.
No man can expect to send a fleet and an army to
London. Some men have proposed to send an
army upon the Danube; but I was never one of
%hem, though I have many times been charged with
that extravagance; and tne oftener it has been con-
tradicted, like our old friend "noiseand confusion,"
the oftener and more confidently it has been charged
again. [Laughter.] Why Don duixote was a
wise man compared with lum, who should propose
to send a great belligerent armament to Europe,
with a view to produce any serious impression
upon the people and nations of the Old World. It
cannot be done, sir. And the sooner such an idea
is banished from every American head, whether in
or out of an insane hospital—if, indeed, any one out
of its walls can be found entertaining such a notion
—the better it will be. What we want are ships,
fitted forthepurpose of angihilatingthecommercial
marine of an enemy. AncFare the vessels compos-
ing the Collins line of that character ? I understand
they are, and better fitted for the purpose than any
ships-of-the-line in the world. They have great
speed; great power; great capacity for carrying
coal, and could range the ocean almost unharmed
in pursuit of foreign commerce. In the eventof,
war we must not calculate much upon privateers.
Before, in our other wars, they committed immense
destruction upon the trade of the enemy. But
now the building and equipping of privateers would
be too expensive, and the returns would be neither
sufficient, nor would their access to our ports be
safe-for themselves or their prizes. Sailing ves-
sels would be- sent home at great hazard, being
liable to be recaptured by hostile steam-cruisers.
The policy of the war of 1813 was to take the
crews from all merchant ships, captured by the
public armed vessels, and then to sink them, thus
retaining for our cruisers their full strength, and
doing the greatest possible injury to the enemy.
I am aware, sir, that the capture or destruction
of private property, upon the high seas, during
war has been condemned by the Christian and the
moralist; and that, however the code of public law
may sanction the practice, it finds little favor in
the code of ethics. Efforts have'been made to
abolish it, and to extend to the ocean the same
immunity, which, in principle, though often vio-
lated in fact, protects the property of individuals
upon the land, in the midst of belligerent opera-
tions. But these efforts have signally failed, nor
is there the slightest reason to believe they will be
hereafter more successful. For one nation,resisting
the proposed change and holding on to its existing
rights, would thereby possess an immense advan-
tage over all others, which might accept it. And it
is obvious, that in the condition of the maritime
Powers of the world,thisisa means of annoying an
enemy, which some of them will never relinquish.
And in our own defense, we must take part in this
mode of warfare, unless we are prepared to see
our own commerce annihilated, and that of our
enemy, for the time being, pass as unharmed over
the ocean, as in the midst of universal peace.
Our object in a maritime war would be to send
these steam-cruisers, wherever their operations
would be most felt. They have power enough to
take any merchant vessel, and great powers also
of self-defense. Their means of operation would
only be limited by the supply of coal they could
carry. In that point of view, England has a
great advantage over us, for she has coal depots
throughout the world; whereas we have no foreign
possessions, to which we could look for a supply.
But then, as I understand it, one of these ships
can carry sufficient coal to last for more than
twenty days, and by being fitted also as a sailing
ship, she might be able to reach her cruising ground
with her supply of fuel untouched, and there be in
readiness, to avoid or to follow and overtake any
vessels that might heave in sight. In that way,
she could intercept all the enemy's trade within
a given region, and be herself beyond the reach
of any hostile efforts, occasionally recapturing or
affording protection to our own vessels.
I believe it is now an ascertained fact, that the
vessels of this line have outstripped anything else
on the ocean. Hereafter it will be found, what-
ever we do with the Collins line, or any other line,
that, in the event of a war, the first object of the
Government would be to obtain ships of this de-
sciipt ion, whose speed would place them at the head
of their class, and which would carry such a sup-
ply of coal as would enable them to be sent to any
reasonable distance. In case of war we ought to
shut up the Gulf of Mexico from any belligerent
Power. We ought to prevent a single hostile ship
ranging along the American coast, even as far
south as the equator; and if involved in a war
with England, we should close all communication
between her and her American colonies, so long
as we allowed her to retain possession of them.
By sending such ships into various parts of the
world; by alternately using wind or steam, as cir-
cumstances might require, we should have a most
formidable cruising marine, which could not fail
almost to annihilate the commerce of the enemy.
I repeat, without reference to this proposition at
all—without reference to these vessels—that this
is the description of force, to which the Govern-
ment will finally have receurse.
Any man, who recalls the history of the revo-
lutionary war, either traditionally or historically,
can appreciate the immense injury, which John
Paul Jones did to the British commerce; and, in
like manner, the efficient operations of some of
our frigates in the destruction of merchant vessels
in the war of 1812, are well remembered. Even
the commerce, in the neighborhood of the coasts
of England was seriously injured.
But apart from these considerations, there is an-
other one very important to my mind, and which
has weighed upon me with great force. The con-
test, between the Collins and Cunard lines, is con-
nected very much with our national character. It
has become a trial for speed across the ocean, of
which the people of Christendom are the witnesses,
and which they regard with an interest, rarely felt
in questions of national competition. Itis obvious,
that the feeling of the British Government and
people is deeply interested in this subject. We
know, that the old claim so often urged in prose
and poetry, that " Britannia rules the waves," is
deeply rooted in the heart of every Englishman.
He would make any sacrifice, rather than suffer a
young, active, and adventurous rival to drive his
country from her proud preeminence. Now, like
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
James,] to whose patriotic allusions I listened with
great pleasure yesterday, I have an invincible re-
pugnance against striking the flag of my country—
against acknowledging our inferiority, and with-
drawing from this conflict of skill ana enterprise,
involving, as it does, some of those elements of na-
tional character, that constitute national strength
and security, and which depend in a great degree
for their value upon the opinion of the world.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] yesterday made some beautiful
observations upon this branch of the subject,
which I have no doubt found a response in the
hearts of all who heard him, as they certainly did
in mine. Opinion is strength. " The race is not
to the swift, nor the battle to the strong," says
the Book of Revelation, and victory does not
always perch on the standard of power, says his-
tory, the book of human experience. Many a battle
has been lost before it was fought, paradoxical as
it may seem. - The consciousness of superiority
on the one side, and of inferiority on the other,
have led to results which force alone could not
have obtained; and the prestige of a great name at
the head of an army, lias frequently preceded its
march, and rendered its operations, not less easy
than triumphant. These ^e* among the moral
causes, which direct and control physical force,
and the world is full of the lessons they teach. Let
us never forget them. There are circumstances
connected with our position, our prospects, and
our institutions, which fix the attention of the
world upon ourcareer. Everyman, who recollects
the war of 1812, well knows the feelings produced
by our first triumph on the ocean. That little con-
test between two frigates, in which the " Constitu-
tion" was victorious, occasioned a sensation, both
in this country and in England, which it is now,
in the meridian of our power, difficult to realize.
It seemed, as though the charm of British invinci-
bility were broken; as though there were another
nation, which might claim that itneeded "no tow-
ers along the steep,"and that its march, too, would
be upon the mountain wave. Nations, indeed,
confident of themselves, have towers of strength
in the hearts of their people, far better than any
bulwarks, that range the ocean or defend the land.
When the shout of that victory ran through tfie
United States and England, it sounded like the
warning knell of British superiority. The subse-
quent career and efforts of our Navy, during the
same war, rendered that feeling still stronger.
And down to our day, I havenodoubtthatbranch
of our service has preserved the same noble char-
acter for discipline and efficiency, notwitstanding
thereproaches we have sometimes heard addressed
to it even in this Senate, and which were as un-
welcome, as they were unconvincing to me. I
believe the Navy, is just as efficient now, as it was
on the day when 1-Iull captured the Guerriere.
I believe that no naval service in the world has a
braver, or more patriotic, or a more able body of
officers, than has ours. And every American
should look with jealousy upon all attempts to de-
preciate this great arm of national defense, "and
should cherish it, not less as an instrument of pow-
er, than as a source of glory, in those collisions
with other nations, which we cannot hope to es-
cape.
Sir, I know very well that I have been accused
of being very inimical to England, and of being
desirous of precipitating hostilties between that
country and ours. Nothing can be more unjust—
nothing can be more unreasonable than this
charge against me. I should deprecate a war be-
tween the two countries as one of the greatest
calamities that could befallthem; and I hope never
to live to see the day when they will be involved
in hostilities. 1 repeat, no man is more ready than
I am, to do justice to the eminent qualities of the
English character, nor to those great feats in arts
and arms, which have given a proud distinction to
England during the most stirring period the world
