380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
Mexican Government, by its agent here, was an-
other. If we gave the contract to the Barings
and their associates, security was necessary. If
we gave it to the Mexican Government, no secu-
rity was necessary, because Mexico then became
her own paymaster. There were two bids before
the Executive. Though we are not officially in-
formed, that fact is sufficiently authenticated for us
to assume it to be true. At the time when the last
appropriation was made, there was an offer pend-
ing upon the part of Mexico, to pay our Govern-
ment four and a half per cent, for the privilege of
paying herself. At the same time the Barings
ancl their associates offered to pay three and a half
per cent, for the same privilege. If we consulted
our own interest, of course we should select the
one by which we made the additional one per cent.
If we were to regard the feelings and wishes of
Mexico, we would, for that reason, have acceded
to her proposition. Mexico was then prostrated,
as it were, by a blow given by ourselves. She was
bleeding from wounds we had inflicted. These
considerations were powerful appeals to our gen-
erosity and feelings of good neighborhood, to con-
fer upon her the benefits she desired.
Of course profits were to be made from these
contracts, else there would have been no bidders,
and the question was, whether we should secure
these profits to Mexico, or give them to foreign
bankers and capitalists? Now, I cannot concur
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,]
who spoke yesterday, upon the subject of these
bankers. They are, like politicians, necessary
evils. The commerce of nations cannot be carried
on without them. They must, however, be
watched like politicians, and the only thing ne-
cessary for us to do, is to see that they do not
abuse their power and influence. I do not com-
plain of the Executive for employing them as
agents. I have nothing to object to on that score.
d#ut 1 assume, Mr. Chairman, that it was the duty
of the President of the United States, upon the
mere application of Mexico, to have acceded to
then w ishes, especially when she oomes with a
bonus of o *j per cent, over every other bidder,
if that had been the only consideration, the wishes
of Mexico should have been regarded. But, in-
dependentof that, we aie informed, upon authority
sufficiently strong, that there had been a previous
informal arrangement made by the administration
of General Taylor to comply with the wishes of
Mexico by accepting her drafts. Now, it is not
my purpose, by anjr means, to charge Mr. Web-
ster, or any other functionary of this Government,
with corruption, in consequence of his failure to
carry out the understanding which existed between
the Minister of Mexico and the picvious Admin-
istration. It is not my purpose to search into the
heai ts of men, or arraign motives, unless I can
clearly establish them a« bad. I take the transac-
tion as 1 find if. The complaint I make of the
Administiation and of the Secretary, legards po-
litical errors alone. I do not pretend to examine
intoits moral delinquencies. Taking itforgranted,
that the hands of the Administration are washed
of all corruption, still I must condemn its conduct
towatds Mexico. It should call down the censure
of the House, and that censure must be expressed
by restricting it, (contrary to the custom,) as to
the mode of paying this las! installment. The
administration of General Taylor was fully aware
of the distiessed condition of AJexico; that she was
deshous of anticipating nte funds to be paid, m a
short time, by this Government. We had failed,
to a certain extent, to dis^har^o our obligations
towards that country, and the difficulties she then
labored under were increased by such failure upon
our part. We had undertaken to defend her from
the Indians upon her frontiers. We had failed to
4  so. Hen^e greater obligations rested upon us
to make the payment as soon as possible, and ac-
cording to her desires. In consequence of the in-
formal understanding of the Administration with
the Government of Mexico, m relation to the an-
ticipation of these funds, Mexico called her Con-
gress together, for the express purpose of giving
that authority to the transaction which she supposed
the Government of this country would require.
I understand it is a matter of history. I hope
to be corrected if I am wrong. Congress did as-
semble, and give the necessary authority; and in
pursuance of it, the Government of Mexico had
made a very important and beneficial arrangement
with her creditors, by which five millions of the
sum we owed her was to be paid over to a class
of creditors who agreed to take it, not only in sat-
isfaction of that much of their debt, but of many
millions more, and to reduce upon that account the
rate of interest upon their debt. Here was another
reason why the Administration succeeding that of
General Taylor, ought to have regarded the wishes
of Mexico as a solemn duty upon their part. Re-
gardless, however, of the great injury which would
result to Mexico from a failure to comply with this
understanding with General Taylor's Cabinet; re-
gardless of the fact that all the arrangements that
had been entered into by Mexico with her credi-
tors, (by which she removed from her shoulders
an immense amount of debt,) would be defeated;
regardless of the fact that she had offered a higher
bid for this contract to pay this indemnity to
herself, than any other person,—our Secretary
of State undertook to change the arrangement,
and put Mexico to the inconvenience and loss of
negotiating drafts, it may be, at heavy discount,
instead of at once assuring that Government, at
the death of General Taylor, that the understand-
ing which had taken place between it and the
previous Administration would be carried out.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what apology is given for
this act? I understand from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress, that this thing could not have been done
but by an alteration in the treaty.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I was not listen-
ing, at the moment, to the remarks, of my col-
eague, but a friend has told me that my col-
league has stated that the Mexican Congress
had been convened, and had agreed to this ar-
rangement. Now, the statement of Mr. Green
is, as I understand it, that they were convened to
agree upon an arrangement with their creditors.
And I desired, at the last Congress, that if there
was any official information, that the Mexican
Congress had sanctioned such a couise, to have
it printed. I have never been furnished with it,
and I therefore take it forgranted that it is not so.
If the fact is so, we have no official information of
it; and if it be so, it would have been easy to have
furnished the information.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, I took it for
granted that the Mexican Congress had taken
some action upon this subject, because it had not
been denied, though it had* been stated, and it was
an important fact. But, however, suppose it had
not—for I do not choose to contest a matter of fact
in relation to this matter—suppose it had not, the
excuse rendered by the Administration for not
complying with the wishes of Mexico is, that it
would be a departure from the treaty. When
these propositions were made to the Secretary of
State by the Mexican Minister, there was time
then for the Mexican Government to have acceded
to any condition that may have been prescribed
by our Government. And the question at last is
the same, why did our Government refuse to ac-
cede to the wishes of Mexico5 If an alteration
of the treaty in this respect was necessary to be
obtained from the Government of Mexico, that
fact could have been intimated by the Secretary of
State, and the condition forthwith obtained from
her. Mexico was too deeply interested in the
present receipt of that money to have failed to do
anything and everything which was required by
our Government preparatory to the receipt of these
funds. She would have called her Congress to-
gether, and obtained their express consent to a
change of the terms of this treaty, so as to enable
hei to receive this money in the city of Washing-
ton or New York. It was well known that this
change of place of payment would have been ben-
eficial to Mexico, otherwise she would not have
asked the favor.
We well know the difference of exchange be-
tween the city of Mexico and the city of London,
between that place and this, and between New
York and London, and that a bill negotiated from
Mexico to New York, and then from New York
to London, would bring a lower price than one
negotiated from Mexico direct to London. Hence
the object of Mexico was to obtain its funds m the
city of New York. My colleague says the funds
in the city of New York were worth about six
per cen^ more than they were worth in the city
of Mepto. Then, why not have given that ad-
vantage of exchange to the Government of Mexi-
co instead of securing them to the Barings? Cer-
tainly some profits were to be made. We had to
choose between conferring that favor upon bank-
ers in London and the Government of Mexico—
why should we "hesitate to give it to the latter?
Feelings of amity and courtesy, which should al-
ways exist between nations—the directness, secu-
rity and safety of the transaction, the freedom
from all risk of bankruptcy of contractors, every
consideration, conspired to favor the wishes of
Mexico. Besides, the moral obligation under
which General Taylor's administration had placed
us, in regard to this payment to Mexico, required
us to do it in the way she desired. Now, I do
not choose to discuss the relative advantages to
Mexico of this or that mode of payment, for such
a question is entirely foreign to the subject. The
question 1 choose to discuss is the failure, upon the
part of our Government, to comply with the rea-
sonable requests of a neighboring and friendly
power, though, in the first instance, informally
made. We not only refused to comply with that
reasonable request, but we absolutely sacrificed
thousands of dollars by preferring the bankers.
It was intimated, the other day, in debate, by
the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that we also had failed to do our duty,
in not putting up this contract to the highest bid-
der. 1 admit, Mr. Chairman, that this House
has failed to discharge its duties, not only in that
particular, but in others, which I shall name. I
should be opposed to the proposition suggested by
the gentleman from New York, because 1 should
be unwilling to put up at public auction the ne-
cessities of Mexico. I should be unwilling to have
paraded before the world her difficulties and dis-
tresses, with a view of striking them off at auc-
tion to the highest bidder. It had, however, this
merit, she would have been probably the best bid-
der. Mr. Chairman, something more was due from
us to Mexico, than simple justice. You will re-
member the war with Mexico was branded by the
party now in power, as one of plunder and robbery.
Now, sir, if that were sincerely their opinion,
then every consideration of justice, of molality,
and of magnanimity, required them to seize every
opportunity to repair the injury they believed their
country had inflicted. Mr. Chairman, this House
has not discharged its duties in respect to Mexico.
Informed, as we were, of her necessities, we ought
to have offered, two years ago, to pay the whole
indemnity. We had at that time millions i© our
treasury lying idle and unprofitable, and we had
already authorized the Executive to go into the
market with our surplus funds, for the purpose of
buying up certificates of the United States debt,
redeemable fifteen or twenty years hence. While
we were purchasing those stocks at a premium of
fourteen or fifteen per cent., there was here a
creditor, with millions due him in a year or so,
carrying interest at six per cent., willing and anx-
ious to anticipate his debt, and would have given
a discount of four and a half, and probably more,
for the prepayment. Thus, by selecting the debt
of Mexico, amounting to six millions, as the one to
be first paid, we would have saved the intermediate
interest which we have lost, but also the fourteen
or fifteen per cent, paid to the holders of stock
having fifteen or twenty years to run. While I
say that this House is certainly to blame for not
discharging its duty in that particular, it is, how-
ever, not without the excuse that they are a large
and unwieldy body. Members come here with
their minds directed to some particular act of legis-
lation. Each devoteshimself to his favorite meas-
ure. It was necessary that their minds should be
called to the subject, and let me ask, whose duty
was it to direct them to the point?
[A message was heie received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that they had passed bills of
the House of the following titles, viz:
H. R. 30. An act for the relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company.
H. R. 50. An act for the relief of Edward Ever-
ett, late a sergeant in the United States Army.
And also, that the President had notified the
Senate that he did, on the 23d instant, approve
and sign the following bills of the Senate:
S. 71. An act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a register to the barque Ada.
S. 91. An act to provide a room for the Con-
gressional Library.]
Mr. MEADE, (resuming.) It was the duty of
the President of the United States; he is required
to give information to Congress of the state of the
