1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
sum to which they are justly entitled, Congress
can reduce that amount by a correspondingreduc-
tion in the rates of postage; and if it should dimin-
ish the amount of their receipts, then the evil can
be corrected on the other hand by increasing the
rates of postage.
Mr. RUSK. That could not very readily be
done, because the rates of postage between this
country and England are established by treaty,
and in order to change them we must change or
annul the treaty.
Mr. BROOKE. I think the Senater from Texas
is mistaken; the rates of postage are not estab-
lished by treaty.
Several Senators. "Oh, yes, they are."
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and resulted—yeas 9, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam's, Atchison, Borland, Brooke,
Dod^e of Wworjsm, Dodjjo oi' Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Mallorv, and Wellei—9
NAYS—Messrs. Badcer, Bayard, Berrien, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodhc.id, Oa-s, Clarke, Dawson, Dougla*, Felch,
Fifh, Gpyer, G win, JfaJc, Hamhn, Houston, Hunter. James,
Jones oi'' Towa, Km?. Ma^on, Miller, Forris,
Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Stockton, Sunnier, Underwood, Upham, VVade, and Whir-
comb—38.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BADGER. I now offer the amendment of
which I gave notice yesterday. It is a proviso,
to come in at the end of the amendment propo&ed
by the committee.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the contract for the transportation of said
mails be, and hereby is, transfeued from the Navy to the
Post Office Oepaitiuent; and the Postmaster General is
hereby required to eontmet with *anl st^im-ship company
to carry said mail in their pie«mt steamer*, at the intcs
aforesaid, pa\abie out of the Treasury, foi the unexpired
term of the original contract; reseivmg, nevertheless, to
Congress the right to dnect the po.wtrna-sU-r Geneial to put
an end to the contiact at any tune after the fir>t day of De-
cember, 1854, upon giving six months' notice tiierof to said
company.
Mr. BERRIEN. I believe that'it is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is an amendment to the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. BERRIE£\T. 1 cannot, therefore, offer to
the consideration of the Senate as an amendment,
that which is now before me; but T shall request
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
to accept it os a modification to his amendment,
and I shall briefly explain its object. The amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina contem-
plates a modification of the original contract. The
United States, by a part of the contract which
they entered into with this company, obliged
themselves to maintain that contract for the term
of ten years, unless, in the intervening time, they
should exercise the right which, by the contract,
is reserved to them, of taking these vessels at a
valuation.
Now, when we are seeking to modify that con-
tract, we are to understand that we are not in the
exercise of ouroriginal powers as contracting par-
ties; but that we are circumscribed in our action
by an actually existing contract. When this sub-
ject was first presented to the consideration of the
Senate, and engaged my own reflection, I was per-
fectly satisfied that, from the want of necessary
information, we were not competent to deter-
mine what amount should be paid to the company,
in addition to that provided for in the original
contract. I was willing, however, to rely on the
action of the Department, or the committee, and
to acquiesce in what was recommended by the
committee as an advance on the compensation men-
tioned in the contract. But 1 was not willing that
that advance should of necessity run through the
whole ten years of the contract, without any power
being reserved on the part of Congress to with-
hold that grant, if circumstances should subse-
quently occur to show that it would not be proper
to continue it. I therefore acquiesced in the pro-
posal of the Senator from North Carolina, to re-
serve to Congress the power of terminating the
contract at the expiration of the time specified;
but after-consideration induced me to believe that
we had better modify the amendment in the man-
ner I propose. We have a subsisting contract,
and our right to modify is restrained by the prin-
ciple of good faith which binds us to its perform-
ance. We have entered into a stipulation by
which we are bound to permit these persons to
transport the mails across the Atlantic during a
period of ten years; and we have not reserved to
ourselves the right of terminating that contract at
any time anterior to that period, unless by taking
the vessels at a valuation as provided for in the
contract. Good faith requires, then, if Con-
gress should exercise the power which this amend-
ment proposes to assume for it, and in that way
to modify the original contract, that Congress
should not leave on the hands of these individuals,
at the end of four years, expensive vessels which
they were induced to construct under a contract
covering a space of ten years.
That is one consideration. Then, there is an-
other, which appeals to our sense of what the
public interest requires. If it shall be, unhappily,
deemed necessary to terminate this contest with
Great Britain on the ocean by the exercise of the
power provided by this amendment, the consider-
ations which were so forcibly alluded to by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] to-day, incul-
cate the propriety of carrying out in good faith
what the contract enjoins on us—to take these
vessels into the service of the United States. We
cannot terminate, at the end of four years, a con-
tract which we originally stipulated should last
for ten years, and throw the vessels on the hands
of the contractors. Government interests them-
selves require that we should avail ourselves of
this stipulation in the contract which enables us
to take the vessels at an appraised price. At any
time,'during the term of ten years, we have the
right to take them at an appraised price, if we
should terminate the contract before the expira-
tion of that time; and £ think the interests of the
public will require that these vessels should be
taken into the service of the United States. The
necessity for such a course was strongly put by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It is
certainly unquestionable that these vessels are
better calculated for all the purposes of a protec-
tive steam marine than any others that could be
built on the emergency of the moment.
I ask the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] therefore, to accept this modification of
his amendment, and to add at the close the fol-
lowing words:
" And to take the vessels employed m the said line lor
the exclu-ivo  ei vice of the United States on the term< pro-
vided m the original contjaet."
Mr. BADGER. When T drew up the amend-
ment which is now under the consideration of the
Senate, 1 was not awaie of the particular terms
embraced in the original contract. 1 had supposed
that, according to the terms of that contract, the
vessels would belong to the United States at an
appraised value whenever the contiact was put an
end to. But it seems that my understanding of
the contract was not correct. I realize the force and
justice of our having the right to close this con-
tract, and take these vessels at an appraised value,
f cheerfully accept that modification.
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken on this
amendment, I wish to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
whether, if we continue to pay the $385,000 to this
line, together with the amount proposed by the
committee, the amount will come out of the re-
ceipts from the Post Office Department, or whether
it will come out of the geneial Treasury?
Mr. RUSK. Of course it will come out of the
general Treasury.
Mr. HALE. Then, if this amendment should
be adopted, I apprehend the amount will be paid
out of the Post Office Department. By turning
this contract over to the Post Office Department,
it would be an entire transfer of the whole arrange-
ment to that Department; and the effect of it, in
my judgment, will be—and I would call theatten-
tion of the friends of cheap postage to the fact—
to put off any fur Jier reduction of postage for a
considerable time; because it will increase, by the
amount of $800,000 a year, the cost of the trans-
portation of the moils; and, whenever the calcu-
lation is made, it is known that the people will
look with very great reluctance to any direct ap-
propriation for carrying the mails. The aim has
been hitherto to keep the expenditures within the
receipts. Now, if you adopt this amendment, it
appears to me that you will have an increased
charge upon the Post Office fund, equal to the
whole amount which you have to pay to this line
of steamers. It strikes me so, and I would be
glad to be better informed if I am wrong. I do
not care a cent how it is done, unless it is to have
this effect. It strikes me that it will have this
effect; and when gentlemen undertake to get* up a
comparison between the expenses and the receipts
of the Post Office Department for the" conveyance
of the mails, there will be this item of $800,060
charged to thePostOffice fund. But that is pot all.
The great and forcible purpose for which this ap-
propriation is .designed, and which has been so
eloquently set forth by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] makes it desirable chiefly as an addi-
tion to the Navy. It is with that view th^t it
commends itself to those patriotic considerations
which he has addressed to us.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment? If he will allow me, perhaps I can save
him the trouble of pursuing his remarks.
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes; I shall be very glad to
be spared that trouble.
Mr. RUSK. I would ask the Senator from
North Carolina to withdraw his amendment for
the present. Itis now an amendment to an amend-
ment, and I cannot offer what I think would ob-
viate all objection. If the. Senator from North
Carolina will withdraw his amendment, I think he
will coincide with me, and support this proviso:
Provided, That it shall be in the power of Congress, ai
any time alter the first day of January, 1854, to terminate
the arrangement for the additional allowance herein pro-
vided for.
I think that covers the whole ground. If this
can be agreed to, the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina can be adopted as well after-
wards now.
Mr. HALE. If that course can he adopted,
and the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina be withdrawn, and take the .substan-
tive .proposition of the Senator from Texas it
would obviate the difficulty in my mind; but as it
now stands, it is liable to this objection—that is,
that in the public mind it would be considered as
a charge upon the Poet Office fund, and" would
operate in such a way as to prevent a further re-
duction of postage. And as I hope to see the
time when the rate of postage will be reduced both
by land and by sea, I am not willing to do any-
thing which can throw any obstacle in the way of
its further reduction. If the Senator from North
Carolina will accept the proposition of theSenator
from Texas, it will obviate all difficulty in my
mind.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Texas will
send me that paper, I believe I can modify my
amendment so as to please all parties. However,
Mr. President, I will withdraw my amendment for
the present.
The PRESIDENT. The question then recurs
upon the amendment>ofFered by the committee. "
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer'the following
proviso:
Provided, That it shall be in the power of Congress, at
any time after the 31st of December, 1854, to terminate tbe
arrangement for the additional allowance herein provided
for, upon giving six months' notice.
Mr. CASS. I would much rather that it should
be on the 1st of January, 1854. 1 have already-
stated, and I repeat it again, that I consider this
as a great experiment, and at present we have no
such evidence as satisfies us entirely as to the prob-
able result. I want the matter within the control
of Congress, as soon as it is practicable. If the
honorable Senator does notmove that amendment,
1 shall move it myself, so as to make it the' 1st of
January.
The PRESIDENT. The question must be
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, and cannot be amended, unless he chooses
to modify it.
Mr. CASS. If it should pass, I cannot amend
it. Is there any other way that I can accomplish
my object?
The PRESIDENT. TheSenator can offer his
proposition as a separate amendment, if the prop-
osition of the Senator from Texas should fail.
Mr. DAWSON. As I understand the original
contract, the number of steamers to be built was
five. But according to this hill, it will be reduced
to four, and there will be no obligation to build
the fifth steamer.
Mr. HUSK. Oh, no; this does not change the
contract. It is only an additional allowance for
increased service. "The original contract requires
them to build five steamers, and I am told they are
building the fifth. They are bound to build it,
and cannot get along without it.
