1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
country generally, and also to recommend the
passage of such laws as may appear to him to be
necessary. Now you will perceive at once, if the
Executive had called the attention of Congress to
the investment of our surplus funds in this way,
we might have saved some eighteen or twenty per
cent., which is now lost. We should not only
have done that, but we would have conferreda great
benefit upon a neighboring Republic, which would
have tightened the friendly ties that subsisted be- '
tween us, and prepared the way for acts of kind- |
ness which we may yet stand in need of. There
were considerations which ought to have influenced
the Executive, particularly now. We have to
approach the Pacific coast by some route through
the southern portion of this continent, and we were
told that there were various eligible routes through
the temtory of Mexico. One lies through the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, and another down the
Gila, where it is probable we may hereafter con-
struct the railroad which is to connect the extreme
shores of our country. In doing that, we may
desire at places to cross that river, and we may
hereafter have to call upon that nation to grant us
some favor in this respect. Had we appreciated
her exigencies and proffered to advance to her the
deferred payments of her indemnity, we would
have had some claim to demand of Mexico favor-
able terms in reference to this matter. This op-
portunity of enlisting her gratitude we have suf-
fered to escape. We can now only redeem our
error in part by passing the bill with the proposed
amendment. We may thus be enabled to show
to Mexico that Congress, representing the people
of the United States, had their attention been
properly called to the subject, would have been at
all times ready to pay her debt at the times and in
the manner she desired. There is no doubt that
Mexico would preferthis money to be paid m New
York. It would be worth more to her there than
in her own treasury. Let us pay her there if she
wishes it. We should violate no contract. Jf
we had entered into a contract, legal or moral, with !
the firm of Baring & Brothers, I should be the
last man to follow the example of this Adminis-
tration in abrogating it. But here we have their
letter, which disclaims upon their part any obliga-
tion to comply with it. In fact, they say they
will make nothing by it, and that it will be diffi-
cult to comply with its terms in time for the 30th
of May, when the indemnity becomes due.
Mr. Chairman, a great deal of concern is mani-
fested by some that the bill should be passed as soon
as possible, tor the purpose of securing the prompt
payment of the money. I have no sort of fear
upon my part that this money will not be paid in
tune. It must be remembered that Mexico is now
drawing from her mines from twenty to thirty |
millions of dollars annually—there can be no dif-
ficulty in obtaining there the specie necessary to
make this payment. If we were to go there with
three millions of Mexican dollars and tender them
to her, and at the same time gave her the option to
draw upon the city of New York, she would take
the drafts; and that is what I propose to allow her
to do. In consideration that we have acted, here-
tofore, a very niggardly part towards that Repub-
lic, I am very indifferent in relation to the pre-
mium. I care not whether the three and a half
per cent, be realized or not. Indeed, the bankers
in their letters say it is now too late to make a
profit. I am anxious by our legislation now, to
retrieve the errois we have committed in relation
to previous payments; and I should be anxious to
show to Mexico by our action now, that the peo-
ple of this country are disposed to treat her in the
most friendly manner. The objection is made that
we should be \io!ating the- treaty with Mexico, in
making this payment in New York instead ot there.
I will draw the attention of the House to the fact
that the payments heretofore made, were not made
in accordance with the treaty.
Mr. M1LLS0N. I wish to make an inquiry.
The supreme authorities of Mexico having stipu-
lated that this indemnity should be paid m the city
of Mexico, I wish to ask my colleague if he sup-
poses that the Executive Government can relax
the treaty, so as to require or allow the payment
to be made at any other place? _ And I further in-
quire of my colleague, whether in the eventof any
such modification of the treaty stipulation by the
mere authoiity of the Executive Government, this
money should be paid to the Minister of Mexico,
or any agent appointed by that Government, and
should never come into the Treasury of Mcxico,
if he thinks the Government of the United States
would be absolved from all obligation to pay the
indemnity a second time according to the treaty?
Mr. MEADE. I will answer the question of
my colleague, by telling him, in the first place, that
the difficulty in the first question he propounds
could be easily removed by the authority of the
Mexican Congress, and therefore does not inter-
fere with the policy which I advocate. In relation
to the other question, it is a mere matter of specu-
lation or opinion. I think that the treaty with
Mexico prescribes certain duties to be performed
on the part of our country and certain duties to he
performed on the part of Mexico, and that the
Executive of each nation - is to perform those
duties. In this particular instance our Executive
must pay the money, and their Executive must
receive the money. The Executive of each nation
may appeal to the terms of the contract and re-
quire a literal performance, but they may, if they
choose, lequire only a substantial performance.
These treaty stipulations are in the place of an
umpire, to be appealed to only when a mutual
accommodation cannot be effected. But you can
comply with an obligation without pursuing the
exact terms of that obligation. For instance, I
owe the gentleman one hundred dollars. It is to
be paid in the city of Richmond upon the first day i
of February next: could not my colleague give ;
me an acquittance here ? |
Mr. M1LLSON. I do not deny the right of the j
contracting party to relax. 1
Mr. MEADE. I understand the gentleman's 1
question. 1 say, then, that I presume the Ex- !
ecutive of Mexico is commissioned with the power ;
of seeing that treaties are executed, and acknowl- j
edge satisfaction for those tieaties. Suppose, be- :
fore this indemnity becomes due, Mexico should j
pass a law remitting this debt, provided the Urn- ;
ted States should, before a certain day, pass a law \
admitting certain products of hers duty free: the
law is passed: would the gentleman say that i
would not be an extinguishment of the debt, sim- |
ply because we did not go through the forms of j
the treaty? Surely not. True, there are certain [
powers authorized to make treaties. There are j
certain other powers of Government authorized to '
acknowledge satisfaction of those treaties, and see '
that those treaties are carried out. Because we j
have agreed to pay Mexico three millions of dol- .
lars in the city of Mexico, surely it does not pre- ,
elude a payment wherever Mexico is willing to ;
receive it. {Suppose the money should be paid on
the 30th of May next in the city of Veia Cruz,
at the request of the authorities of Mcxico, would
not that be a discharge of the debt? Suppose the
Government should acknowledge satisfaction of
the debt in something else than gold and silver—
something else that is equivalent—would it not be
a discharge of the obligation ? Is it necessary that
we should go there with a bag of Mexican gold or
silver dollars, and absolutely pay them into the
Treasury of the Mexican Republic ? The last in-
stallment was not paid in that manner. Much of ;
it was paid before the day, and the Barings have 1
the receipt of the Government of Mexico. If!
Mexico required funds m London, was she not :
at liberty to take a draft in place of the money ? .
and if the bearer of the draft were to convert the
proceeds, could she demand a repayment because '
the money was not paid according to the letter of ,
the treaty? A large portion of the last installment
was paid before it became due. I call the atten-
tion of the House to this passage of the letter of
the bankers, which was laid upon our tables yes-
terday:
"It will be pereeived from tlie fmesojns, that the con-
tractor-* made all tlioir pa\ incuts to Mexico out of their
own fund-, and woie afterwauU leimbursed in the Cnitcd
Sritce, at a date aveiaimie tin1 Jolit of May, and the la^t
ami lamiM pavmciit i>j the United States- to the contiactoi-
ot two million* ot dollars \\<t- not made until the 27th of;
June, neaily one month a«ter the} had paid the lull install- j
ment to Mexico." :
It appears, then, that much of this money was ,
paid out of the Treasury heie before the 30th of
May. The drafts for $050,000 m favor of Eorstall ,
were paid before the indemnity was due, and the 1
Executi\e did for Forstall before the 30th of May
exactly what Mexico wished it to do for Marks
after that date. You see from the correspondence
submitted to the House on yesterday, that £650,000
of that money was paid over to Forstall, the agent
of the contractors, upon drafts drawn in favor of
Forstall, payable here. The drafts reached here
in the month of February. Of course those drafts
were drawn in anticipation of the indemnity, and
the Government of Mexico received the proceeds
long before the money became due. The money
was paid in the manner proposed by Mexico, the
name of Forstall being substituted for Marks—
the United States paying to the bankers one per
cent, on three millions, or $30,000, for the substi-
tution, exchanging at the same time the friendship
of Mexico for that of the bankers.
The Executive of every nation is its payingand
receiving agent, with general powers, and may be
compared to any other agent with like powers.
If the latter were to meet the debtor of his princi-
pal a week before the day of payment, and at a
place diffeient from that named m the bond, they
might agree to settle; and though the agent should
never account to his principal, the payment would
be good; collusion or fraud only would avoid it.
The question is, shall we adopt the amendment,
and thus signify to the President that we desire
him. to notify Mexico that her drafts will be paid
here if she desires it?
We passed a resolution calling upon the Secre-
tary of State to give us certain information. In
voting for that resolution, I gave the Secietary an
opportunity of clearing up the cloud which has
been hanging around him. I gave him an oppor-
tunity of telling the country precisely how tins
matter stood—what had taken place between him
and the Mexican Minister. If the charges and
insinuations against him were untrue, he had an
opportunity of explainiugand setting himself right
before the country. He has failed to embrace that
opportunity. He has preferred that suspicion
should continue to rcstupon him. That is not my
business. It is the Secretary's ailair. It is true,
he may refuse, if he thinks proper, to communi-
cate the private conversations he had with the
Mexican Minister, but the Secietary knew full
well that we interrogated him only as to one point,
whether he had been informed by the Alexican
Minister that there was an understanding with
General Taylor and his Cabinet that these drafts
were to be accepted. That was a material fact.
That is the fact which, notwithstanding the refu-
sal of the Secretary to commumcatc to this House,
does sufficiently disclose itself through the corre-
spondence which he has given. And I presume
there is not a gentleman m this House who would
get up and say that he believes the Secretary of
State had not been informed by the Mexican Mm-
lstei of this undemanding. It is notmjr purpose
to charge the Sccietary with diveiting this money
from improper motives. The chaige is made,
however, by otheis. Suspicion rests upon him in
relation to this transaction; and if he chooses that
it shall remain there, it is his business, and not
mine. My accusation is, that he has not dis-
charged the duties of his office in a way that the
interests and honor of this country requires. He
has wantonly lost money to his Government. He
has pieferred the interest of bankers to that of a
friendly nation. He has, toa certain extent, been
careless of the faith of the Government, and has
failed m discharging towards Mexico those obli-
gations of good will and courtesy which rest upon
all nations. These are the charges which I make
against the Secretaiy of State. The motives which
piompted Ins acts, 1 leave to God and himself.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mlaok,] that General Tay-
lor's Cabinet made no such arrangement as that
claimed here.
Mr. MEADE. I know v#-ry well that no ar-
rangement wasdefinitively made. It wasal together
a verbal undemanding." This, [ think, may be
gathered from the correspondence published this
morning- 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Me a nr.,] if ho thinks
that the Secretary of State ought to enter into a
veibal undeistanding with the representative of
any other country r
Mr. MEADE. I can answer that question, f
say that no such understanding ought to be entered
into as a final one.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man another question. I wish to put it distinctly
to the gentleman, if he does not believe it to be the
duty of the Secretary of State, if a verbal propor-
tion is made by a foreign Government, to reject it,
and require the representative of that Government
