1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2157
sort; and hence it is, if there be cases of oppres-
sion, they are singular and isolated, and do not
attract attention generally. Meetings of the peo-
ple are seldom called, except for general grievances.
Mankind, we are told, are prone to suffer while
evils are sufferable, but it is not wise on our part
to let them remain until they become intolerable
before a legislative remedy is applied.
The gentleman complains that there must neces-
sarily be inequality in the charges in various sec-
tions of the country, because he says that the
prices of labor and the prices of property are dif-
ferent everywhere. The same objections might
be alleged against that provision of our Constitu-
tion which requires that duties on imports shall
be uniform. The same charge might be made in
regard to other provisions in the Constitution, and
also against the laws passed in pursuance of it—
because of uniformity in the operation. It is
also the subject of complaint on the part of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] that we
have constituted Federal laws and Federal pro-
cess for State laws and State process. I presume
that the cardinal features of all judicial proceed-
ings in this country are the same throughout the
the whole of it. We must have capiases to ap-
prehend defendants; subpenas for witnesses; re-
cognizances and bail-bonds. We must have exe-
cutions and sales; so that, though the words of
the writ may vary, yet the precept is substantially
the same, for serving which the fees may be uni-
form. I see no reason why a fee for levying an
execution and making a sale in the State of New
Jersey should be different from one in the State of
Virginia. The gentleman complains, moreover,
that there is a premium offered by one of the provis-
ions of the bill to the district attorney for a rigorous
prosecution. A fee of $30 is given to the district
attorney in some cases where the prosecution ends
in conviction.
The laws of Maryland and Virginia are very
much alike, and I apprehend that the gentleman
may find a precedent for this provision in his own
State. If it be any justification of this provision
in the bill, I can state that the Commonwealth's
attorneys in the State of Virginia are for the most
part entitled to nothing unless they convict. I
have never yet known an instance in the State of
Virginia where a man had been punished improp-
erly, while I have known hundreds of cases in
which the guilty parties had escaped. It is abso-
lutely necessary to make it the interest of the rep-
resentative of the public to attend strictly to his
duties, and to see that the community has strict
justice done upon offenders. Unless you couple
his interest with that of the public, thecommunity
must necessarily suffer. He has attempted to
alarm the Democrats of this House by charging
upon this bill that it has a consolidating tendency.
When the gentleman used the word " consolida-
tion," my ears pricked up, and I listened with very
great attention to the gentleman's remarks on that
provision of the bill which contains the consoli-
dating feature, but I saw nothing of that charac-
ter.
There is a clause which provides for the con-
solidation of a particular class of suits, which could
be as well prosecuted under one indictment as un-
der several. I brought to the attention of the
House on Saturday the case of six indictments for
one crime, in which upwards of $>6,000 were
charged as fees by the district attorney. Those
six indictments suggested that provision in the bill,
and 1 call the attention of the House to it. Itwas
the case of an attempt to destroy the vessel Frank-
lin, at sea. Three men were engaged in it, and all
were equally guilty. These three men could have
all been included in one prosecution, without danger
to the public or themselves, and the testimony ap-
plicable to one would have been applicable to the
whole, and consequently there was no necessity of
finding more than one indictment against each of
these individuals. Six indictments, however, were
found against only two. Wilson was indicted for
conspiring with others to destroy the ship. There
was another indictment, that he had conspired with
Crafts, and another with Smith. Crafts wasin-
dicted three times also. If Smith had been caught,
there would have been three other indictments, so
that, instead of one indictment, we should have
had nine indictments, and instead of the $6,000
charged by the district attorney, we should have
had fees charged to the tune of $9,000. Now, this
provision in the bill to which my friend from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Bowie] was so hostile, was intended
to cover cases of this sort; and if the House will
read the provisions of the bill, it will perceive it
provides that this union of prosecutions, or con-
solidation, as the gentleman will have it, is only
to take place in cases where it is thought advisable
by the court and by the district attorney.
There is another provision of the bill to which
exceptions have been taken. It is that which re-
quires that warrants for arrests may only gener-
ally describe the offense. And at this i believe
some gentlemen are disposed to hold up their
hands in holy horror. 1 never knew a case where
a man was apprehended under a warrant of any
sort, whether verbal or written, that he did not
pretty well know what he was arrested for. All
warrants of arrest are of a general nature, as
compared with the indictment. The meaning of
this clause in the bill is, that the warrants need
not be as descriptive of the offense as the indict-
ment; but, at the same time, sufficiently so as to (
describe the offense for which the party is arrested.
He is furnished with a copy of the indictment, in 1
which the time, place, and circumstances are all >
particularly described. There should be no fears ,
that this section of the bill will operate injuriously i
upon any citizen. None whatever. \
Mr. BOWIE. I beg leave to inquire of the !
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] whether I
he has ever known, in his practice, where two |
offenses have been charged in the same warrant |
m general terms. This bill proposes to authorize *
that two or more offenses shall be prosecuted, in j
very general terms, in the same warrant. |
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman will consult j
the laws passed by Congress, and by his own i
State, and by every other State in the Union, he j
will see that there have been important innova- j
tions in the laws themselves, as well as in the |
practice under them. And nothing is so obvious ;
as the vast improvements that have been mtro-
duced by the new States of this Union. Having
had business in these States, I have been struck
with the progress they have made in reforming
the systems we derived from England.* We have
introduced many such reforms lfi the Eastern
States, and it would be well for us to introduce
many more. They are practical men in the West.
When people from various sections get into a new
country, they become essentially utilitarians, and
they discard everything which is not necessary;
while we, on the contrary, are wedded to old
forms and customs—many of them being m fact
onerous and troublesome, and retained from the
force of habit.
The clause to which the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] alludes, as I have said before,
embraces transactions which are closely connect-
ed. It does not contemplate a single prosecution
against one who has committed several distinct!
offenses; they must allude as to time, place, and !
circumstances. It does not authorize a single !
prosecution for a murder committed at one time
and a burglary at another; but if both be com-
mitted on the same night, and at the same place,
they may be joined. A prosecution for grand
larceny and petit larceny may be had under one
indictment; also, one for murder and manslaugh-
ter. There is larceny of the mail and there is rob-
bery of the mail. There is counterfeiting the coin
of the United States, and passing counterfeitcoin.
If perpetrated at the same time, they may be
joined. These things are left to the discretion of
the district attorney and the court. We may
fairly presume that these men know something,
and that they will exercise a sound discretion m
the matter. The fears entertained by the gentle-
man from Maryland are altogether visionary.
Whenever we attempt to introduce a new sys-
tem, it must necessarily be imperfect at the be-
ginning. We must first put it into operation and
see in what the defect consists, and apply the rem-
edy upon some future occasion. It is impossible
for anything to spring out of the brain of a man
perfectand complete. He must feel his waygrad-
ually. The column must be built stone by stone,
commencing at the foundation, until the capital is
finished. In that way all great works, whether
mental or physical, are constructed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to bring to the at-
tention of the 'House some of the grievances of
which the country has a right to complain, and
which are attempted to be remedied in this bill.
The largest attorney's fee that is allowed to be
charged is $20. In extraordinary cases the courts
are allowed to increase the fee of the district at-
torney $30. But let the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] look to the fact, that in place
of $>20, which is so large as to alarm his imagina-
tion, there have been charged in many instances,
from $200 to $500; and it is this evil that we wish
to correct. It is to this subject that I wish now
to draw the attention of the House. Though the
fees of marshals, clerks, and attorneys will be con-
siderably reduced by this bill, yet in point of fact,
for no realservice rendered by eitherof these offi-
cers, is there a single reduction worthy of notice.
In truth there is an increase.
Let me now bring to the notice of the House
some of the fee bills. In the prosecution against
Dyer for perjury, $24G was chaiged by the dis-
trict attorney. In another case for a like offense,
$280 was charged by one attorney, and $237 by
another, his predecessor, making $517. In a
prosecution against one who served on board a
slaver, $267 was charged by the district attorney.
These are only a few of the fee bills for the year
1849, charged by one officer of the court; and I
ask this House if it is not time for them to apply
a remedy to an evil so crying ? Why, sir, if mem-
bers will take the trouble to look at some of these
charges they will be astonished at theingertuit'y of
counsel in finding names for the various motions
made and petty services performed. Here is a
fee bill which I will hold up to the view of the
House, in which there are some thirty or forty
items.
Mr. MANN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Virginia speaks of $400 or $500, as an enor-
mous charge. In the cour.se of my practice within
a few'years 1 knew a case where three men were
indicted for the commission of a single offense,
and the district attorney who had chargc of the
case—though all the offenses could have been em-
braced in a single indictment, and should have
been so embraced—made three hundred and
forty-five indictments, and charged $10 for each,
thus making $3,450 for what should have been a
single case.
Mr. MEADE. I am glad the gentleman from
Massachusetts has come so effectually to my aid
in this matter. I was about to exhibit to this
House a list of charges, consisting of some thirty
or forty items at one term in a case of a prosecu-
tion for perjury. The items range from six dol-
lars down to twenty-five cents, and I should like
to read some few of them, because it is a curious
specimen of ingenuity on the part of the district
attorney. There is scarcely anything that he
could do in court that he did not charge for. He
could not open his mouth unless it furnished an
excuse for making a charge for it. Here is a re-
taining fee of $8; warrant of attorney, 37 cents;
older to marshal to bring up prisoner, 25 cents; mo-
tion for examination, $3; counsel for perusing and
amending indictment, $2; motion for temporary
commitment, &4; motion for arraignment, $3; mo-
tion for trial, $3; motion for commitment of wit-
ness, $3; " other items," $3.
Now, Mr. Speaker, you would be surprised,
and so would the House, if I were to state that
charges had been made foi looking at the pris-
oner, $1; for handing the court a book, fifty
cents, or for motions to adjourn to dinner, twenty-
five cents. Now, I do not mean to say that such
charges have been actually made, but I say that
charges have been made equally as unimportant,
and I should as soon think of charging for one as
the other. I would as soon think of charging for
some of the acts done, as reported here m these
bills of fees, as I should of charging for reading
an authority to the court, or handing it a book, or
making a motion to adjourn to dinner. Here is
a motion for arraignment, $3, and a motion for
trial, $3. Firsta motion is madeto arraign a man,
for which $3 is charged, and then a motion made
to try him, for which §3 more is charged.
Why, sir, let any practicing attorney take hold
of and examine this fee bill, consisting of thirty
or forty items, and I will defy him to imagine any-
thing more for which a charge could be made,
unless it be for looking at the prisoner, making
a motion to go to dinner, or handing up an
authority to the court. It is possible that such
charges have been made; for, at the foot of this
list of some thirty or forty items,! found this item:
" other items, $3 12j." Now, what could con-
stitute " other items " but those I have named, I
