2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
cannot imagine, unless they include mending a
pen, or sanding a paper. This item reminds me
of a settlement between two neighbors who had a
long running account for several years against each
other. They determined finally to come to a set-
tlement, and one asked the other to send him his
account. The account was sent, and upon adding
up his own, he found 16s. 6d balance against him;
go he put at the foot of his account this item—" to
balance your account, 16s. 6d." This charge of
" other items " might have been made for the pur-
pose of rounding off the account.
My friend from Maryland the other day com-
mitted a most extraordinary error, ([ presume he
has already detected it, if he has looked over his
speech,) in regard to the annual expenses of the
courts. The gentleman says:
"But, Mr. Sppaker, it is complained that there ha« been
an excessive and extraordinary increase of the judicial ex-
pense of this Government, not'at an corresponding with the
progress of population. I would ask the House to refer to
table A, which was relied upon for the purpose of estab-
lishuiff that portion. In Doc. 2, p. 5*24,there is an ab<tract
of the annual amounts prei-eiited in this form by rhe Acting
Comptroller of the Treasury. He put* down the expenses
from 1800 to 1801 at§42 000; from 1818 to 1821, inclusive, at
$117,000; from 1830 to 1831, at ,$204,000; being an average
of about $103,000. He then give* the aggregate from 18-12
to 1847, five and a half years, at §464,623. ff these items
be correct from 1831 to 1847, there has been no increase in
the average expenses of Hie judiciary, because, it you divide
the arfffregafe of $464,0 0 by the time given it will give a
dividend of a ?e*«? amount; instead of $102,000 it will give
some $8o,00!) per annum ; «o that the vice is not in the sys-
tem, the vice is in the administration of the system since
1847."
Now, the gentleman has evidently made a mis-
take in taking the average per year for the whole
aggregate. Instead of the aggregate being $.204,000
for 1830-'31, the average of either year was
§904,000, and, instead of $464,623 being the ag-
gregate for five and a half years, from 1842 to 1847,
it was $2,500,000, and §464,623 was the average
for each year.
Mr. BOWIE. I took it from the table marked
A, No. 2.
Mr. MEADE. In the table marked A, the
amount from 1842 to 1847, five years and a half,
is $2,555,000, making an annual charge of
$464,623, and in 1849 it was $469,223, and in 1851,
$554,854.
Mr. BOWIE. I allude to the table returned by
the Acting Comptroller, which is found in doc-
ument No. 2.
Mr. MEADE. This purports to be taken from
that report, ft is the same table, I believe. The
gentleman only cast his eye over one column in-
stead of both.
Mr. BOWIE. I have not minutely examined
the calculation. I made it here at the time, deriv-
ing it as I supposed from the table printed by the
acting Comptroller, which is understood to be
the annual return for the costs of those years.
Mr. MEADE. Now, Mr. Speaker, if you will
look at the enormous increase of the cost of the
judiciary departments in particular States, from
1830 up to the present time, you will find that the
increase has been at the rate of about five hundred
per cent,, and from 1817 about one thousand per
cent. We all know that it costs less per head to
administer justice for a million of people inhabit-
ing a particular district than for five hundred thou-
sand inhabiting the same district. The increase
of the expenses of the judiciary should not be in
the same ratio as the increase of the population by
one half or three fourths, but instead of increasing
at a slower rate the reverse is true. Instead of
being only some twenty or thirty per cent, higher
from 1835 to the present time, it is five or six hun-
dred per cent, higher.
The expenses of the judiciary will of course
increase as the population increases, but it should
not in the same ratio. In a given area of terri-
tory it matters not much whether it contains
1,000,000 of souls or 500,000 as regards the ex-
penses of its courts.
Now, sir, these abuses should be corrected by
Congress, and it must be done by detailing to this
service those who are acquainted with the subject
—the practicing lawyers of this House—and I
would take the gentleman from Maryland as soon
as any other-, and if he had been sitting with us at
our board, day after day discussing the bearing
and effect of every clause in this bill, he would have
found that it was impossible to report a bill more
to his hking than this. He might not have agreed
to every clause in that bill, as I do not. There
were many of them to which I objected, but these
objections were trivial compared to the great ob-
ject to be accomplished by the bill.
Mr. BOWIE. I will concur with the gentleman
from Virginia, if he will confine his legislation to
cases in which the United States is the party jnter-
ested. I understand that his object is to shield the
Treasury. Then, limit the operation of the bill
to cases in which the United States is a party, and
do not extend it to civil cases between man and
man.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Speaker, under our system
individuals in certain States suffer as much as the
Government, on account of the multitude of fees
for constructive services and immaterial motions.
Now,sir, to convincethegentleman from Maryland
that we have not reduced those fees to any very
considerable extent—I may say, even, we have
not reduced them at all for actual services—1 will
give him the costs of a suit which I have sup-
posed to have been brought upon a bond of $500,
with collateral conditions, in which there are two
sureties, each ofthem living one hundred miles from
the seat of justice,and in which suit four witnesses
are summoned, living also one hundred miles off.
1 have taken down each item as provided for in
this bill. The clerk's fees, in such a suit as that,
supposing that the case was tried upon the first
calling, would be $7 10; marshal's fees, |41, in-
cluding commissions; attorney's fee, 20; and fees
for witnesses, $52; making §120 10. If no wit-
nesses are summoned, the taxed costs in such
a suit would be about $47; if no execution or sale,
they would amount to about $29.
Mr. BOWIE. In my State it would not, prob-
ably, amount to $20.
Mr. MEADE. Well, take off the attorney's
fee of §10—for the attorney's fee is but $10 where
there is no testimony—and that would leave the
amount $19; so that the gentleman will see that,
for real services performed, there is no reduction
of fees.
Mr. BOWIE. I never complained of any re-
duction; the fees are too great.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, when I con-
clude the remarks which I design to submit, I shall
present to the'House a motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order that it may be fully considered in
that mode, which is the only one, so far as I know,
in which adequate justice can be done to it. It is
perfectly manifest, I think, to every one on this
| floor, that in the presentstate of things, the House
i is not in a condition, nor has it the time, (consid-
ering this bill in the morning hour,) to do justice
to it, and to the attorneys, marshals, and other
officers who are embraced in its various provis-
ions. That can only be done, in my view, in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where greater latitude is allowed; where an oppor-
tunity will be given to amend the bill, clause by
clause; and where the numerous imperfections with
which it abounds, may be fairly, justly, and con-
siderately corrected.
I have been struck throughout the whole course
of the remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Meade,]
and of the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. McLanahan,] with the singular
mode of argument which has been resorted to by
them, for the purpose of endeavoring to force this
bill through the House, without giving to us an
opportunity to amend it, and thus relieve it of
some of its objectionable features. If passed in
its present shape, it will pass without my vote.
Both of those gentlemen have confined their ar-
guments and denunciations, in a great measure, to
some four or five abuses,alleged to have been com-
mitted in the States of Massachusetts and New
York. My colleague, in the remarks which he
has just concluded, has called particular attention,
and has consumed much of his time in an expo-
sure of the New York case, which will be found
on reference to the ninth and tenth pages of the
report of the committee I could not help being
impressed with the fact, and it must have struck
the House with great force, that instead of this
| radical change—this attempt to overthrow the pre-
sent judiciary system of the country, which has
been in existence for more than half a century,
I and with the exception complained of has worked
j well—this consolidation of everything in the hands
! of the Federal Government, in utter disregard of
i the rights, interests, and usages of the State gov-
| ernments,a much simpler, and speedier, and surer
mode of reforming the abuses which are now com-
plained of, should never have occurred to the chair-
man, and to the other members of the Judiciary
Committee, in their consultations on thH subject.
It is Prescott Hall who has been guilty of all these
improprieties, and who is now the district attorney
in the State of New York. He is the man who
has charged for everything. It is his charges
which constitute the official misconduct so loudly
and so justly condemned by my colleague and
the chairman. He it is who has charged, as my
colleague says, for the motion to adjourn for dinner,
and yet he is still kept in the office of district at-
torney. Well, now, what is the remedy, as to
Mr. Prescott Hall? What would strike any sen-
sible man as the remedy? Would it not be, that
the President of the United States should turn him
out of office, and put into his place a man who
would act fairly, justly, and in accordance with
the law? That, it strikes me, is an infinitely better,
safer, and more speedy remedy for the evil com-
plained of. When so safe and certain a remedy
is at hand, why attempt to upturn the whole ju-
diciary system of the United States? Why at-
tempt to establish new rules of practice for the
thirty-one States of the Union?
Well, sir, how is it in regard to the State of
Massachusetts ? The very same remedy will cor-
rect the abuses there. If you will turn out the
guilty parties, and select others who are men of
character and standing to fill the offices, men who
will act fairly and justly toward the United States,
men who will faithfully discharge their duties and
act up to the requirements of the law, who will
charge only for their services what the law, fairly
construed, allows to them, and who will be disposed
to reform these abuses and reduce the expenses to
something like a reasonable amount, we shall have
a practical reform without risking the evils which
this bill will visit upon the nation.
Mr. MEADE. Will my colleague permit me
to say that these charges, to which we have re-
ferred, are certified by the judges as correct? So
that it is not a single officer who has been guilty
of malfeasance, but it is owing to a defect in the
system.
My colleague says that I only mentioned one
or two cases. Why, I could not mention more
than one or two cases in an hour's speech. They
are legion. These abuses are not confined to iso-
lated instances; but if you will go and consult the
books of the Comptroller, you will find that these
abuses are legion, and grow out of the system, and
not an abuse of the system by particular individ-
uals, and it is to the system that we wish to apply
the remedy.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it is very remarkable,
if there are legions of abuses, as my colleague
maintains, that he and the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee should confine themselves to the
four or five instances of abuses embraced in their
speeches and the report. Why have not they
furnished us with those numerous instances of
abuses? Why has not the Comptroller of the
Treasury furnished us with those instances which
my colleague says are numberless on the files of
that Department? Here are a few instances, con-
fined almost exclusively to the States of New
York and Massachusetts, and upon those cases
the whole argument, from the commencement of
this debate to the present time, has been rested by
the chairman of the committee and by my col-
league.
But there is another part of the explanation just
given by my colleague, which is worthy of some
little consideration. He undertakes to defend Mr.
Prescott Hall, and these other officers who have
been charged with these abuses, from the imputa-
tions cast upon them by the Comptroller, by say-
ing that it is the judges who are to blame; that
they are the men who have violated the law, and
that there is no mode of reaching them, except by
the operation of the committee's bill. Now, grant,
if you please, that in the two instances referred to
in this report—in New York and Massachusetts—
these judges have acted improperly, does it follow
therefore that every other judge in the thirty-one
States of this Union is unprincipled and corrupt,
and that they are one and all to be assailed and
black-balled by the passage of a bill like this?
Why, sir, this bill is an assault, from beginning
to end, upon the Federal judiciary of the United
j1 States. They are not to be allowed even to cer-
il tify as to matters and things which occur in their
