382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
to make his proposition to 'this Government in
writing?
Mr. MEADE. Certainly. If the Secretary
intended to accept of a proposition commenced in
a verbal- way, he should require it to he reduced
to writing; but if he does not intend to do it, no
correspondence is necessary. Hence we find so
little on this subject. But these verbal communi-
cations and propositions were made, as I stated
before, to General Taylor's Cabinet, and they
were accepted verbally, because no contract could
be entered into before Congress acted.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think the gentleman will
find himself mistaken in that. It has been dis-
tinctly denied ,that a verbal contract was ever
made.
Mr. MEADE. I think it scarcely probable that
the Mexican Minister should have been so impor-
tunate in his letter to Mr. Webster, if such an un-
derstanding had never existed. Now, all these
things commence verbally; and though one would
not be so bound as to be liable to a demand for
failing to comply, yet a moral obligation may
arise. And I say, and believe, that General Tay-
lor and his Secretary gave Mexico to understand,
that when Congress appropriated this money, they
would pay it in the way she desired, and that they
did not enter into a written understanding on the
subject, because at that time it would have been
improper. I say, then, that there rested on Gen-
eral Taylor, had he lived, an obligation to carry
out that understanding, and that he would have
been guilty of a breach of faith, it" he had refused
to do it. That obligation descended 011 his suc-
cessor, and you cannot separate the two. I should
like for some friend of Mr. Webster to get up and
state why a different version of this matter has
been given by him. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] yesterday, when he got up
in defence of his friend, [Mr. Webster,] went off
into collateral matters, with which this transaction
has no connection. I ask again, why has the Sec-
retary of State preferred the bid of three and a half
per cent, from the bankers, to one of four and a
half per cent, from Mexico?
Mi. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) I do not
rise exactly in the character comprehended in the
gentleman s term, as a friend of Mr. Webster in
this matter; but I rise—not ns his representative—
to reply to the question which has just been pro-
pounded. The gentleman from Virginia asks,
Who will rise here and assign reasons for Mr.
Webster's giving a new version of this contract?
Now, I do not understand that there is any evi-
dence of any verbal understanding even with
General Taylor's Cabinet, except what the Mexi-
can Minister says.
Mr. HAYLY. The Mexican Minister does
not even say so.
Mr. STKP1T ENS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. Mrcun:] has just asserted a proposi-
tion which, 1 must say, very lespectfully, seems
to me a most monstrous one. He says that the
verbal understanding with General Taylor's Cabi-
net devolved upon their successors. Now, that
amounts to just this: that when one Administration
goes out and another comes in, if any foreign
Minister comes forward and says that he had a
verbal understanding with the preceding Adminis-
tration, that that alleged verbal understanding is
binding on their successors.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman does not under-
stand me at all. I am speaking of the moral ob
ligation on this Administration to carry out faith-
fully the promises of a previous Administration.
Of "course it should be satisfied they were made.
I know that, technically speaking, they are not
binding, but I say that there lests a moral obli-
gation on this Administration—unless there is suf-
ficient cause for lefusing—to carry out the under-
standing had with their predecessors. Even if
there were no promises, why, I again ask 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell—the gentle-
man's hour hnving expired.]
Mr. RANTOULi obtained the floor. He said:
I do not nropose to enter at all into the general
meuis of the question before the committee; in-
deed, I would not have troubled the committee—
as I am always very unwilling to do it—with any
remarks of mine, if there had not been cast upon
my native State an imputation so serious as to
demand immediate noti"e from me. A majority
of the people of Massachusetts are involved to-
gether in an imputation wluch, it seems to me, the
honor of the people of that great State, without
distinction of party, requires should not, when it
is thus cast upon her by a representative of one of
her Congressional districts, on this floor, himself a
native son of hers, be suffered to pass unrepelled.
The imputation is one of corruption—not, as
I understand it, upon a few leaders of a single
political party, but upon a vast majority of the vo-
ters of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts—of
a State which has stood so high m the history of
this country from the time when this country be-
gan to have a history, and which I am proud to
believe has never forfeited her pristine rank in the
glorious sisterhood of confederated States. That
such an imputation upon the people of such a State
should be noticed upbn this floor as soon as it is
I made, seems to me so plain that I should think
! myself without excuse if I kept my seat under
' such a call to speak here. Sir, Massachusetts
bears a name too resplendent with the glories of
her colonial and revolutionary history to be ques-
! tioned by her children. She has maintained her
! high standard of patriotism, and virtue, and honor,
] too long, 100 uniformly, too brilliantly, to have it
| supposed for a moment that a true son of hers
would endure to see her fair fame sullied without
rushing to her defence.
Sir, the imputation of corruption is made here
upon two political parties, which the gentleman
estimates to contain forty-three thousand in the
one party and twenty-eight thousand in the other
—a majority, according to his own calculation, of
the voters who take sufficient interest in political
matters to present themselves at the polls. That
is the charge, and it is to that that I address myself.
And first, let me answer as to that portion of those
voters with whom I am directly bind politically
identified, and have been for more than a score of
I years, through a series, scarcely paralleled, of hard -
] fought battles—I mean the Democratic party of
; Massachusetts. But before going into the details
j of this matter, let me make one general observa-
i tion, and I shall appeal to the knowledge and con-
' sciousness of every man that hears me, whether
J I am justified in what I am about to say, and that
1 is, that if there be any political party m any State
111 this Union whose history places it above the
suspicion of corruption, from its peculiarposition,
it is the indefatigable and indomitable Democracy
of the State of Massachusetts; because there is no
paity in any State in the Union that has stood up
against such odds, against such disadvantages,
against such actual losses and sacrifices, as the
Democratic party of Massachusetts, and every
man in that party, has confronted and sustained
for very many years past. Why, who arc the
Democrats of that State? The laboring men of
the State, and some men of talent who are not
laboring men, but who are not men of capital
I or property. And against whom are they con-
I tending? Against,the whole aggregate mass of
! the capital of New England, concentrated in
1 the eastern portion of the State of Massachusetts,
j That is the position of the two parlies. Now, 1
i ask, if there be corruption in the State of Massa-
; chusetts—and I do not deny that there is conup-
tion, more or less, everywhere, in every State and
nation under heaven—but if there be corruption
111 the State of Massachusetts, where js if? Prima
facie the answer is a pretty plain one. The cor-
ruption is where the means of corruption exist.
There are several hundreds of millions of capital
i piled up in and about the city of Boston. There
1 is no other such aggregate of wealth in so few
I hands on the American continent; and if there be
corruption there, it is that vast, unequaled mass
j of capital that purchases whatever is venal. This
j capital, like all other capital, is, by the instincts
1 of its holders, adverse to Demociatic principles.
Conceive the effect of this on the position of poli-
tical parties. The Democrats are mostly of the
' laboring classes. I do not say that there is brib-
ery there: but I say that if there be, it is the rich
; that bribe the poor, and not the poor that bribe
i the rich. Upon that position, then, I start m this
, examination. The Democratic party of Massa-
1 chusetts consists of men who stand up against
1 their own individual interests; and this every man
\ may know that will pass through that State, and
' not shut his eyes to facts around him. Is there an
1 operative in a factory there who does not know
I that this place is less secure to him if he votes
I the Democratic ticket than if he votes the Whig
j ticket? Is there an agent in a factory who does not
know the same thing? Is there a porter or steve-
dore on a wharf who does not feel his certainty of
future employment sensibly diminished if he is
known, nay, if he is even suspected, to be a Dem-
ocrat ? Is there a storekeeper there, not a Whig, who
does not know that those who would be his best
customers pass by his door because he does not
happen to be of the same politics, and that the cus-
tomers whom he gets in their place do not expend
with him such large sums of money? Is there a
physician or a professional man of any kind who
does not know that he makes heavy sacrifices if
he adopts and professes the so-called heresies that
have been so unpopular formerly with the pow-
erful m Massachusetts ? Is there a lawyer of any
talent, who is a Democrat, who does not know that
he could quadruple his practice by simply profess-
ing to be a Whig? Clergymen, physicians, labor-
ers, tradesmen—all classes of men make sacrifices
by belonging to the Democratic party. No mor-
tal man in Massachusetts ever made sacrifices by
joining the Whig party, but tens of thousands of
Democrats have sacrificed a large proportion of
their means of support by standing up to what they
believed to be sound, and true, and right. That is
the position of the Democratic party of Massachu-
setts, and that has been its history from its com-
mencement down to the present time. Against
this party particularly is the charge of corruption
aimed, and what is the ground of that charge? It
is brought down to the alleged fact of a coalition.
Before going into the chaiacter of the alleged
coalition, let me ask, are coalitions in themselves
wrong? Is it wrong that those who seek a com-
mon object, should cooperate to effect that object?
Am I to stop to inquire whether my neighbor
thinks as I do upon all questions—all important
questions, if you please—before I act with him
upon any one important question? If the Capitol
is 011 fire, and the engines in the Rotundo,and not
men enough to man the brakes, must I refuse to
fall in and help to work for the salvation of the
common interest, and to extinguish the conflagra-
tion, because there happens to be a man at work
there for the same object, who entertains different
sentiments from me, on religion, for instance, the
most important concern of man—he beinga Cath-
olic, and I a Protestant? Every man will say at
once, that the man would be an idiot who would
suffer his energies fo be paralyzed by scruples
against the coalition in such a case, though itmight
be a coalition with atheists and drunkards, polyg-
amists and monarchists. I hold that, as a general
thing, for those to act together who desire a great
public object, impossible to be accomplished with-
out their union, shows that they are men of sense
anil understand how to effect their object. What
do all these men who cry out against the alleged
coalition in Massachusetts do in respect of coali-
tion among themselves? Do they isolate them-
selves'5 Does each man stand apart from his
neighbors with whom he differs on any important
question? If they did, there would be no parties
m this country, from one end of it to the other,
and 110 Government, for without combinations of
men differing widely from each other, constitu-
tions could never be adopted, nor governments
carried on, nor even established, and freedom
would expire in universal anarchy.
13ut to come now to the precise question raised
by the charge of my colleague against Massachu-
setts: is a coalition between men who do not op-
pose the compromise measures, and the fugitive
slave law paitioularly, with men who do oppose
them, an unholy coalition? If it be, wheie and
since when was that discovery made? Was it by
the Whigpai ty in the State of Missouri? Has Mis-
souri been denounced again and again upon this
floor, by Whig gentlemen, because the gentleman
[Mr.Gr.yen] who holds his sear in the ther branch
of this Congress, was elected by a coalition, as I
understand it, of those who favored and those who
were opposed to the fugitive slave law, and the
compromise measures, in the State of Missouri?
Is it in the State of Wisconsin, where the gentle-
man nominated by a Free-Soil convention, and
known to concur m their views, was electcd, and
the Whig papers, from one end of the country to
the other, set up a shout of triumph at the Whig
victory in the State of Wisconsin ? The Free-Soil
candidate of the Fiee-Soil party was elected, and
hence it was, as one would suppose, a Free-Soil
victory. But is a Whig victory a Free-Soil vic-
<1 tory? Are they one and the same thing? The
