1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
Congress, if he choose, by appealing to the admi-
ration arid sympathies of the people.
But I shall make a speech, Mr. President, if I
proceed with the consideration of matters of that
sort; and that would be entirely foreign to my
purpose. My desire was merely to state my ob-
jections, growing out of the statement of the Sen-
ator from Texas, that these live ships would be
necessary fox the performance of the mail service.
I do not believe that more than three are required,
if the line is managed with skill and prudence.
Mr. BADGER. I am going to address you
for a moment, Mr. President, on an untried field
—that of arithmetic, in which I never boasted any
great skill. My friend from Kentucky. [Mr.
Underwood,] who has a great deal of skill in that
line, has said, that if for eight years we payyearly
this sum of $858,000, it will, in that time, amount
to $8,000,000. Now, if it does amount to that
sum, it certainly does not do so by the rules of
arithmetic given us by Dilworth, in which I was
wont to be instructed in my younger days, some-
what deeper than I liked, if the gentleman makes
this sum, in eight years, to amount to $8,000,000,
he must work it, not by the rules of arithmetic,
but by the " square root." [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. For the purpose of under-
standing the ditference between the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] and myself, I voted
against his amendment this morning. He said I
did so under a mistaken apprehension of the fact.
I thought not; and I have found now that I was
correct. I will read a part of the contract origin-
ally entered into between the Government and
the proprietors of the Collins line of steamers:
u That, whereas the said Collms and his associates sub-
mitted to the Postmaster Geneial, on the sixth of Maich,
Anno Domini eighteen hundred and forty-six. proposals to
carry the United States- mail between New York and Liv-
erpool twice each month riming eight months of the j-ear,
and once a month during the other four months, for the sum
ot $385,U00 per annum, payable quarter-yearly, and for this
purpose proposed to build five steamships of not Jess than
two thousand tons measurement, and of one thousand horse
power each, to be built for great speed, and sufficiently
strong for war purposes—four of them to be ready for ser-
vice in eighteen months from the day of the date of these
presents, the fifth to be built as early as possibly practica-
ble, and,'when not employed m the mail service, to be sub-
ject to the orders of the Government for carrying dispatches,
for which service a fair compensation to be paid; the United
States, moreover, to have the privilege oPpurchasmg said
steam-ships, whenever required for public purposes, at a
fair valuation, to be ascertained by appraisers mutually se-
lected by the United States, and by the owners."
Now, the object is this: Five ships are to be
built according to the contract. We are increasing
the number of trips to be performed, and giving
greater facilities for mail transportation; and, ac-
cording to the speech of the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] we are also to continue these
vessels for the purpose of increasing our naval
strength, while we are giving additional facilities
to our post office arrangements. If this contract
be carried out, the only thing we are doing is
doubling the service, and paying an additional
sum for doubling the trips. If the Senator had
not been misinformed in relation to the number of
vessels, there would still have been no difference
between us. But the amendment of my friend
from North Carolina, confining it to four ships,
being withdrawn, it throws the parties back on
the original contract. So that, if we confine it
down-to the five steam-ships, the mail service will
be increased, the naval service will be increased,
and the objection of the Senator from Tennessee
will be gone, and he and myself are entirely to-
gether on this question. The only error grew out
of the fact that there was supposed to be four in-
stead of five. We are doubling the compensation
for these ships, and increasing the number of trips,
and adding strength to our Navy.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make my ac-
knowledgments to the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger.] I admit that, usually, he ex-
hibits no great skill in arithmetic—that is proved
by the votes he gives here. I admit, further, that
I stand corrected, for once, by him, and that, cal-
culating in my head, while speaking, I was in
error in supposing that eight hundred and fifty-
eight thousand, multiplied by eight, made eight
millions. I did not make the calculation with any
degree of care, but I have made it coolly and de-
liberately since the Senator called my attention to
the subject, and find that the total amount is
$6,864,000. But as millions amount to nothing;
as they are mere trifles here, I hope my friend
will excuse me for making a little blunder of only
a million.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Kentucky,
who stands corrected by so poor an arithmetician
as myself, will henceforward, 1 hope, learn the
danger of calculating, as he did on this occasion—
in his head.
I did not rise to make that remark, however.
I am compelled to leave the Senate now, and hope
I shall be excused for making the usual motion,
that" when this Senate adjourns, it will be to meet
on Monday next."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senator
will permit me to make my acknowledgments to
the Senator from Georgia first.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. BADGER. It cannot be argued.
Mr. HALE. Yes, it can.
The motion to adjourn over until Monday next
was then agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
desire to make my acknowledgments to my friend
from Georgia for his explanation. But I think he
is somewhat in error. I stated, in conversation
with him, that I apprehended it was not contem-
plated to build another vessel. 1 arrived at that
opinion, not only from the arguments which had
been made by the friends of this proposition here,
but from the universal understanding that the four
vessels now employed were more than competent
to perform all the contemplated service. I could
not imagine that there could be any necessity or
importance, or that this Government would even
require that these individuals should go on and
build another vessel, when it was manifest, from
the arguments of the friends of the proposition,
that four vessels were more than competent to per-
form the service. But then, to show that I was
correct in my opinion, I might refer to the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina, which
was specific, and confined it to the four vessels
themselves. This convinced me that I was right;
and I so stated the matter to my friend from Geor-
gia. If that amendment had been adopted, it
would have carried out the express declaration of
every friend of the measure on this floor.
"While we are correcting each other, I beg to
correct my friend from Georgia. He is labor-
ing under a very egregious misapprehension if he
supposes that this amendment contemplates in-
creasing the service to the extent which he has
stated. It does not double the service by any
means. It only increases it six trips per year. If
he thinks that six trips added to twenty, double
twenty, then his arithmetic is much worse than
that of the gentleman from Kentucky; and I beg
that both of them should be put to learning arith-
metic, if they cannot estimate things better.
[Laughter.] it is only proposed to add six trips
per annum to twenty. Double twenty trips would
make forty. Now, twenty-six trips cannot be
made out to be forty ! If my friend from Georgia
voted for this proposition under the apprehension
that forty trips were to be performed instead of
twenty-six, I hope he will move a reconsideration,
and stand with me on that vote.
Mr. DAWSON. I am laboring under no mis-
take. I did not say, or I did not intend to say, that
it was doubling the service. 1 only said it was
increasing the "service to twenty-six trips. If you
call a voyage out and in one trip, then it is twenty-
six trips; but if a voyage from New York to Liv-
erpool, and again from Liverpool to New York,
are to be counted as two trips, then they are to
make fifty-two trips. But 1 intended to speak,
and did only speak, of the increase of the number
of trips to twenty-six. If the gentleman from
Tennessee does not know the rules of arithmetic,
I think it would be better for him to correct his
lecture, and not to refer me back to Dilworth. I
was not at ail mistaken. I said that there was to
bean increased service. It is certainly an increase,
even if we add only two or three trips. I said
that there ought to be increased compensation for
the increased service.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order to move to
amend that amendment?
The PRESIDENT. It is not; because the
amendment of the Senator from Texas is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If we adopt that amend-
ment, will it he in order for us to strike out "1854,iT
and insert a shorter time ?
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order to
strike out that portion of the amendment at this-
stage of the proceedings. But when the bill shaft
be reported to the Senate it will be in order to make'
any alteration in the amendments agreed to in*
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That will do.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Texas whether it be hot now
expedient to incorporate into his amendment the
first part of the amendment, whieh was withdrawn,
by the Senator from North Carolina, that is to
say, the following:
"That the contiact for the transportation of the said mail
be, and the same hereby is, transfeired from the Navy to-
the Post Office Depaitmenl."
Mr. RUSK. I think it is useless to insert that.
It will cause a great deal of confusion. I can ex-
plain why in a moment. There is a peculiar law
on the subject of appropriations for the-Post Office
Department. The proceeds of postages are paid
directly into the Treasury by law. We have to
make an appropriation out of the Treasury for
the support of these steamers. But to support
the Post Office Department proper, we are con-
fined to the earnings of the Post- Office. This,,
then, would be throwing these ocean mail steam-
ers upon the inland postage, and produce confu-
sion. I think the law in relation to them is a
very confused thing; but there can be no good re-
sult from the amendment suggested by the Sena-
tor from Florida. It will produce more confusion,
I think.
There is another difficulty aboutit. Everybody
knows that this money is paid from the Treasury-
Everybody knows where it comes from. Jt
comes from the Treasury. So that neither the
Navy Department nor the Post Office Department
is charged with it. Itis proper that neither should
be charged with it as being on their own ac-
count.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, that the very object I
had in suggesting the proposition was to avoid
confusion of ideas on this subject. 1 noticed a
few moments ago that the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire seemed exceedingly anxious to
keep this expenditure of $800,000 where it stands
now, namely: to the debit of the Navy. He
evinced a strong desire to appropriate §800,000,
therefore, for this purpose, and debit it to the
Navy, which yesterday he seemed willing to
withdraw to our own ports from foreign stations*
Unless we adopt some such proposition as I sug-
gest, this expenditure will go into the naval ap-
propriation bill year after year, and the entire
Navy appropriations of the country will stand
charged with these §800,000. It is legislation of
this kind which swells up the annual expenditures-
of the Navy proper, by adding these expenditures
from which the Navy has never derived a single
dollar of interest. During the existence of these
ships the N^vy has not derived the first benefit
from them. I have suggested to the honorable
Senator from Texas to place this appropriation
where it properly belongs. If it be necessary to
legislate specially that the receipts from postal
regulations should go to the credit of the Post
Office Department, let also the debit go there. .
That seems to be the most reasonable legislation.
But, at all events, on no principle should the Navy
continue to be charged with a debit of $800,000 a
year, when, in fact, it derives no advantage
from it.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot consent to change my
amendment in the form suggested, because the
Post Office pays into the Treasury all the money
that it draws from the earnings of the mails.
What does the Navy pay ? Not a dollar,
Mr. HALE. Not one.
Mr. RUSK. The Navy is a charge,, from, the
beginning to the end, on the Treasury. Does not
everybody know the arnouift that is paid for this
purpose } Is it not put down in the appropriation
bills? Is there the slightest confusion of ideas in
regard to it? Does not every one know how much
money is paid for mail-steamers? It shows a great
want of confidence in the people to suppose that,
' if such an argument were made use of before them,
j they could, for a moment, be brought to believe
that the Navy proper was chargeable with the
amount ©f money which we pay out for the Gov-
