884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 24.
The nest resolution is in these words:
" Resolved, That the people of the United States, and
their repie.-entatives in Congress, are moially bound to
abolish ^laveiv m the District of Columbia and national
TemtoiifSj and to prohibit the niter-State slave trade."
And another:
"Resolved, That all legislative enactments arraying the
civil and military powwr of the nation against the slave, i
are an outrage on humanity, a violation ot morality and i
religion, and theieforc null and void; and that \vc wnl i
never return a fugitive slave into bondage, nor bear arms to j
keep him from his inalienable rights." j
I do not know precisely what that means, but 1
should suppose it to include the idea that, in case
of domestic insurrection in any part of this Union,
these gentlemen resolve they will not take up arms
to aid in the suppression of that insurrection. 11
asserts, also, that laws like the fugitive slave law-
are null and void by the higher law.
What comes next?
" Rcsolveil, That it be lecommended to the people of this
State to petition the United States Senate, pinyins them
not to advise and eon-em to the appointment of any peison
as a minister Irom tl«js eouutiy to any ibreign Couit who is
a slaveholder, because «-ucb iepse-ifiitatives degrade the
Amenean name and ciiaiactei abroad, and make lepubh-
caw-m a hiding and a by-word betore the civilized wond."
[Laughter.]
Tins is almost a fair offset for the solemn league
and covenant of similar proscription against non-
sustainers of the compromises. [Laughter.] "Well,
sir, the other proceedings of that meeting are some-
what interesting, especially the resolution which
speaks of " the visit of our dear friend, George
Thompson, to this country." [Great and con-
tinued laughter.] And the resolution which as-
sures him he shall " receive the support and coun-
tenance of the whole body of the young men of
this Commonwealth"—1 trust my friend has not
escaped from that category, and is still one of the
young men of the Commonwealth, young enough to
couutenance our dear friend George Thompson—
shall receive the support and countenance of the
whole body of the young men of this Common-
wealth, now represented in this convention." The
Secretary was instituted to forward a copy of
these resolutions to Mr. Thompson. William
.Lloyd Garrison seems to have taken a part with
Mr. George T. Davis, in this convention. In the
next year of this strange, eventful history—for 1
must, follow it step by step—m 1839, October
23d, a meeting was held of the Franklin county
A.nU-Slavery Society; Elijah Alvord was chosen
President, and George T. Davis one of the Vice
Presidents; and in the afternoon, the President
being absent, this George T. Davis presided. He
was also a member of the business committee, and
one of the resolutions adopted and reported by
that committee was as follows. It goes rather
strong, ms gentlemen will observe:
<kI{riolrcil, That Abolitionist- ought lo withdraw all chris-
tian fHbm.-djip Willi :d.ivt'Jioldeifc.''
{Laughter.] I
That is a denunciation of coalitions. Still it is j
a denunciation confined to matters ecclesiastical, i
The gentleman's practice shows that ho had not \
then arrived at that sublime height of wisdom i
whence one may look down with contempt on po- !
litical coalitions, for down to yesterday he was,
though a zealous, thorough-gmng, consistent Abo-
litionist, engaged in a very close and confidential
coalition with politicians who Isold in common
with lum no one of the sentiments quoted from Ins 1
various resolutions, as 1 Will by and by show, if ,
indeed it is woith the while to follow the matter j
so far. I
It was also, on motion of Mr. Boies, j
" It evolvedy That we will voto for no man for Congress, !
who is not in favor o[ the immediate abolition of slaveiv in i
the District oi Columbia, ot the interna] i-Iave trade, and '
opposed to the admi-<. ion < f any new slave Stat'*."' ,
In the year 1840, my colleague from the sixth
district was a momber of the'Senate of Massa-
chusetts, and lie was olinirman of tiie special com-
mittee of the Senate of Massachusetts which re-
ported those famous resolves, circulated over all
the country, and so often quoted as showing the
opinions of the Whi^s of Massachusetts, upon the
subject of slavery. My collcngue, as chairman of '
that committee, made ail able report, introducing •
the resolutions which were then adopted. . °
The resolutions were as follows: j
W!icr a-j dome^lic slavery exists in the Distiictof Cu-
lumhu, under the expie^-s authority of CoasTi-p^, &c.
'• Resohnh That Coneiev-ousrhtto exerciseit^ acknow]- i
edged puwei, in the immediate suppression of slavety and j
the slave trade m the Distnct of Columbia. i
iC And whereas, by the Constitution of the United States,
Confess has power to regulate commerce with foregn na-
tions and between the several States of the Union, in the
exeicise of winch power Congiess in the year 18u8 abol-
ished tlie loieignsJave tiade; and wheieas, a domestic slave
trade, as unjustifiable inpunciple as the Ati lean slave tiad« ,
and scarcely less cruel and inhuman in practice, is now car-
ried on between the several States: Therefore,
" Resolved, That the domestic slave trade ought to be
abolished by Congress, without delay.
« Resolved, That no new State ought to be admitted into
the Union, whose Constitution shall toleiate domestic
slaveiy.
" Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and oui Representatives lequested, to use their utmost
efforts to give effect to the foiegoing ie&olves."
And the Governor was directed to send the res-
olutions to Senators, &c.
The report with which the resolutions were in-
troduced, was signed by Mr. Davis, and 1 tnere-
fore conclude, was written by him, for I take it he
is not in the habit of signingreports which he does
not write.
In that same year, 1840, a bill was introduced
into the Senate of Massachusetts, making a change
in what is sometimes called the black code, the
legislation regulating- the rights of negioes. That
change was a repeal of the preexisting law, which
forbade the intermarriage of whites with mulat-
toes and negroes. And that reform was brought
about by the instrumentality of my colleague,
from the sixth district, [laughter,] as he was the
chairman of the committee that reported the bill
providing for the change. That oill became a
law; and I think I do no more than justice to the
eloquence and talents of my learned and able col-
league, when I say, that in all human probability,
the young white men of Massachusetts would have
been denied the privileges of connecting themselves
with mulattoes and blacks, (in that interesting re-
lation which the gentleman from the sixth district
has opened to them,) down to this day, if it had
not been for the disinterested exertions of my col-
league from the sixth district. [Great laughter.]
On the 9th day of October, 1838, a meeting of
the Anti-Slavery Society of franklin county was
held, and George T. Davis was reelected treasurer
of that Society. If there was corruption at that
time the fund was in his keeping, and he may
therefore have had better opportunities of undei-
staudmg tins question of corruption than most of
his colleagues who have not had the fortune to be
treasurers of abolition societies. Mr, George T.
Davis was reelected treasurer of the Anti-Slavery
Society of Franklin county; and among the reso-
lutions passed are some, which contain some rather
severe remarks upon the honorable Daniel Web-
ster, whose position then was not so far from that
of this treasurer of the Abolitionists as it has been
since; as it is now, when the treasurer thinks
proper to form a coalition with him.
3Now, down to 1840, 1 have traced this history.
Down to 1850, has no change come over the spirit
of the dream of my colleague from the sixth dis-
trict? No, sir. No, sir! Judging from all public
manifestations, I was lead to suppose that the senti-
ments of my colleague fiom the sixth district re-
mained down to yesterday, just the same as repre-
sented m the seites of lesolutions 1 have just read.
If there be any public address, in any public meet-
ing in Massachusetts, avowing a change of senti-
ment, I have not seen it, or lead it, oi heard of it.
If there is any communication in any newspaper,
magazine, or elsewhere; if there be any communi-
cation to the people of Massachusetts, who elected
: the honorable member, informing them that he did
j not entertain, when he was last elected, the same
1 sentiments entertained previously by him—from
I 1835 down—I have never heard a rumor of them.
, There may be such; this part of the State is some-
what distant from my home, and I do not pretend
to read all that comes out m the newspapers. I
say I nevei heaid a rumor, or saw an indication of
any change of sentiment on this class of subjects,
upon the part of my colleague.
; But the convention that nominated my colleague
for election to this place, ought certainly to know
the truth in reference to the opinions of their can-
didate. They voted for him upon the supposition
that his opinions coincided with their own, and
they especially knew that they were voting for a
, gentleman so high-mmded and chivalrous that he
] abhors all coalitions. Of course he would not
receive the votes of those who differed from him.
, He would spurn them with a pure indignation.
J It must, then, be taken for granted that his party
. coincides with him in his sentiments. The infer-
ence is stronger m his case than in that of any
other man; and if I find out what were the senti-
ments of the party who sent him to Congress at
the time when they sent him, I shall find what his
views were presumed to be at the time he was
sent here, and that, too, by a presumption which
he at least is estopped from denying.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour which the Hojase
had resolved to close debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the bill had
arrived.
Cries, addressed to Mr. Rantoul, of "Go on!"
" Go on!"
The CHAIRMAN. The committee even by
unanimous conscnt cannot, in the opinion of the
Chair, disregard the order of the House.
Mr. RANTOUL. Cannot I proceed if there is
no objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair you cannot even by unanimous consent
proceed.
Mr. ORR. Unanimous consent is given, and
do I understand the Chair to decide that the gen-
tleman cannot proceed p
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This matter
may be quickly settled—I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No ! no ! I should very
much like to hear the gentleman through, hut we
must stand up to our rules.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Chair if, by
unanimous consent, Governor McDowell was not
on a former session allowed to proceed after the
time had expired for closing debate? and if it was
not done in several other cases?
The CHAIRMAN. Ne\erwhen I was pres-
ent. My recollection is, in the case of Governor
McDowell, that upon two occasions the House
refused to do it.
Mr. ORR. Let meinquire of the Chair, whether
a proposition to reconsider the vote on the adop-
tion of the resolution terminating the debate upon
this bill was made and laid upon the table?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the recollection of
the Chair that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Duniiam] moved that the vote by which the reso-
lution was adopted be reconsidered, and that that
motion be laid upon the table. It was remarked
at the time that the motion was unnecessary, as it
had been reconsidered once, but the gentleman in-
sisted upon it.
Mr. ORR. If the committee go back into tho
House, can the resolution be rescinded?
The CHAIRMAN. That is for the House to
determine, and not the chairman of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have I a right to debate my
appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; because the hour
has arrived at which debate must terminate. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Houston,] who reported this bill, is now,
under the rules, entitled to address the committee
for one hour. After the expiration of the hour
debate it will then be in order for five minutes'
speeches, in explanation of such amendments as
may be offered.
Pfrr. JOHNSON. I have this right certainly,
and that is, to ask you whether an appeal cannot
be taken from whatever decision you make sitting
in that chair, and whether, if an appeal be taken,
you are not bound to put the question ?
TheCHAIllMAN. Gentlemen were making
inquiries, and it was not the intention of the chair
to disregard the gentleman's appeal.
The Chair decides that the resolution of the
House terminating debate upon this bill in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, be-
ing imperative and unconditional in its terms, can-
not, even by unanimous consent, be disregarded.
Fiom this decision the gentleman from Aikansas
takes an appeal.
Mr. STANLY. I submit that is not the ques-
tion, unless unanimousconsentis obtained. There
were fifty objections in this part of the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has not dis-
cussed what he promised to do—thecoalition. He
dodges the question.
Mr. RANTOUL. I desire to go on, and X will
not dodge the question. The gentleman shall be
gratified to the fullest extent.
The CHAIRMAN. Theie being objections,
the gentleman's appeal falls.
Mr. BISSELL. I move the committee rise.
