2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10.
post office of this House shall receive a salary of
$1,000 per annum, instead of their present pav of
§2 50 per day. They perform more labor than
most officers connected with the Government, be-
ins: constantly employed from fourteen to sixteen
hours per day. I think if there is any case where
there should be an increase of salary, there should
be an increase in those cases.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman from
South Carolina had better withdraw his amend-
ment for the present. If this additional compen-
sation be given, the appropriation will have to be
increased; but to what extent, we do not know.
If we are to give the additional compensation, it
is important that we should know what amount
of appropriation to make to meet it. I do not
want a deficiency bill at the next session of Con-
gress for this ana other like purposes.
Mr. ORR. In order to obviate the objection of
the gentleman from Alabama, 1 will add to the
amendment $4,000. This will be sufficient to
cover the increased compensation.
The question now being on the adoption of
Mr. Orr's amendment—
Mr. HENN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Millson and Meade were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 91, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
amendment as amended, it was put; and, upon a
division, there were—ayes 65, noes 6*3; no quorum
voting.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fowler, and Johnson of
Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. McMULLIN I desire to ask, what is
the salary of (hose officers now?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 41.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DIMMICK, under instruction of the Com-
mittee on Patents, offered the following amend-
ment:
For {he additional compensation of the disbursing; clerk
and the draftsman in the Patent Office, $300 each, to he
paid out of the Patent Office fund ; and that hereafter the
disbursing cieik bhall he required to give bond, with proper
security, in the sum of £5,00!>, conditional for the faithiul
discharge of the duties of the office. Also, for the com-
pensation of two additional permanent clerksin the Patent
Office, to he appointed by the Commissioner of Patents at
a salaiy of $'1,400 each, the sum of $2,800, to he paid out
of Hie Patent Oflice fund.
Mr. D. said: I desire to say, Mr. Chairman,
that the Commissioner of Patents has recom-
mended a considerable increase in the clerical
force of that Department. The Committee on
Patents have had under consideration this whole
subject; and as the result of their investigation,
they have come to the conclusion expressed in
that proposition. The Commissioner of Patents
recommended the appointment of four additional
permanent clerks in that Department; but the
Committee on Patents determined to suggest fhe
appointment of two permanent clerks, and to in-
crease the salary of the draughtsman, with that
of the disbursing clerk, by the sum of $300 each.
This is all the increase they have thought proper
to recommend at this time. I hope it will be the
pleasure of the committee to adopt the amend-
ment.
A Membkr. Where is this compensation to
come from ?
Mr. DIMMICK. It is to come out of the Pat-
ent Office fund. It requires no appropriation from
the general Treasury. 1 therefore hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I could not hear the amend-
ment well when it was read. I understand, how-
ever, that it provides for increasing the compensa-
tion of various officers, to be paid out of the
Patent Office fund. Now, I should like to have
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dimmick,]
or any other gentleman, teli me what is the amount
of that fund ?
Mr.CARTTER* There are $'20,000 on hand,
deducting the appropriation for completing the
Patent Office building.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriation for com-
pleting the Patent Office building, and for sustain-
ing the establishment, have been very large; and
now I should like to have the gentleman tell me
what is the real condition of that fund, and
whether this appropriation will not have to come
out of the general Treasury ?
Mr. CARTTER. It will not. There are
$20,000 of that fund unexpended, in addition to
that expended for completing the building, and
for all other purposes, so that this will not come
out of the general Treasury; and 1 am satisfied
the service of that Department requires it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's statement
shows, as I think, that he is in error. He says
there are $20,000 of that fund left, besides the ap-
propriations made for the building. Now, the
appropriations, aside from those for the building,
would go largely over the §20,090. There are
$250,000 or $260,000 in the bill for completing one
wing of the Patent Office and the commencement
of the other. But leaving that out of the ques-
tion, there are other appropriations in the bill
which will much more than absorb the §20,000, if
I am correct in my recollection.
Mr. CARTTER. The permanent services of
the Department will not consume that amount,
especially if you take into consideration the con-
stantly-accruing fund of the office. X should like
to inquire of the gentleman, what appropriation
he alludes to? The whole service of the Depart-
ment amounts to only about £8,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's recollec-
tion is not very good, or mine is defective. There
is an appropriation in that bill now, I believe, for
up wards of $5,000; and thegentleman gotan appro-
priation increasing a $500 clerk to $1,200, and an-
other appropriation of $1,000 or $1,500 for books,
and $2,000 for fixing up thp library. These make
it over §8,000, and nearly $10,000.
Mr. CARTTER. The whole services of this
Department, as provided by this bill, with this
addition to it, does not amount to $12,000 a year.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McCORKLE offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the nine hundred and elev-
enth line of the bill, at the end of " miscellaneous
items:"
For the establishment of a bianchof the United States
Mint, at San Francisco, California, in accordance with the
provisions of the law approved day of , the
sum of $300,000 : Provided, That no contract for materials,
or for the purchase, lease, rent, or predion of the building
shall be made except to the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
advertisement in ai least three newspapers, two of which
shall he published in tho State of California: And pro-
vided further y That nothing herein contained shall prevent
the tranter of machinery and material from the United
States Mint oi Branches to the Branch Mint at San Fian-
ci*co ftt a fair valuation ; also, for the current expenses of
the year, the sums of—
For salary of Superintendent of the Mint $4,500
For salary of Treas-urer  4,500
For salary of Asj-ayer  3,000
For salary of Melter and Itefiner  3,000
For salaiy of Coiner  3,000
For salary of Assistants and Clerks   17,500
For labor    50,000
Foi acids   100,000
For contingencies  15,000
Mr. HIBBARD. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. McCorkle] is not in accordance
! with the provision of any statute, and isuuauthor-
| ized by law.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must overrule
i the point of order raised by thegentleman from New
j Hampshire. At the present session of Congress
! a bill has passed establishing a Mint in the State
| of California. This amendment proposes to ap-
propriate the money necessary for the purpose of
executing that law.
Mr. IIIBBARD. Has the act establishing a
Mint in California become a law?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. HIBBARD. Has it received the signa-
] ture of the President >
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that it has. :
Mr. McCORKLE. I will state, that the esti-
mates fortheappropriation contained in my amend-
ment have been sent in by the proper Department,
and 1 believe have been handed to the Committee j
of Ways and Means. They were not, however, ]
sent in in time for that committee to report this j
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. No estimate for these ap- |
propriations has been before the Committee of.
Ways and Means. j
Mr. McCORKLE. The estimates came to the j
Speaker of the House, as do all such communi- j
cations intended for the Committee of Ways and
Means. Those estimates I copied from that com-
munication, with the permission of the Speaker.
I supposed that that communication had been re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am not aware that these
appropriations have been before the Committee
of Ways and Means, or before any committee. I
understand they have not. The regular appro-
priation for the establishment of the Mint, as pro-
posed here, amounts to $300,000, and the other
items, I believe, to #200,000, making the sum of
$500,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, in addi-
tion to $300,000 for the establishment of the Mint,
provides for the salary of the Superintendent of the
Mint, and of the other officers, and also for other
purposes.
Mr. HIBBARD. The whole amount is about
$500,000, if I understand the amendment aright.
Besides the appropriation of $300,000 for the es-
tablishment of the Mint, there is an appropriation
for the salaries of its officers. It strikes me that
that part of the amendment at least, is premature.
If the Mint is established by law—and such is the
fact from the statement of the Chair—it may be
proper for us to make an appropriation; but we
ought to ascertain, through a committee, upon ex-
amination, what the appropriation should be. It
has not received the examination of any commit-
tee, and it can receive no examination except that
cursory and imperfect examination which it wilt
have here. The amendment certainly proposes to
go further than we should go. It provides now for
the salaries of officers who do not exist—who have
not been appointed and may not be appointed for
six months to come. I would not be understood
as being opposed to a proper and rightful appropri-
ation for the building oftheMint; but I am opposed
to allowing, at this time, theappropriation as asked
for. In the course of the deliberations upon tins
bill, in this and the other branch of Congress, there
will, doubtless, be time for due and proper con-
sideration, and I cannot give my assent to this
amount at this time, and I hope this committee will
not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out of that
amendment all that it appropriates beyond the
$300,000 for the erection of the building. I do it
for the purpose of saying that if the committee
think proper to appropriate that amount now, it
can do so; but it is evident that there is no neces-
sity in the world for making an appropriation for
the salaries of the various officers of the Mint, and
for other purposes. That will not be called for until
the Mint is erected and put into operation. The
law creating that Mint says that it may be estab-
lished, provided that the cost shall not exceed
$300,000; and the law was so specific that it went
on to provide that the Secretary of the Treasury
should make contracts which should he approved
by the President of the United States, not only
for the building of the Mint, but for the entire
machinery. Everything was to be contracted for,
and to come within the $300,000. They cannot
make a contract for building a Mint within less
than a year, and 1 do not know but it will take
more than that time. It is evident that under no
ciicumstance can they want this appropriation
for salaries of officers before the next session of
Congress. I therefore move to strike it out.
Mr. ROBB1NS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
if there is not an assay office already established
there>
Mr. PIOUSTON. There is; but as a Govern-
ment we have no connection with it. It is in the
hands of and conducted, as I understand, by those
who have obtained it under contract from the
Government; and we are under no obligation to
furnish anything at all for it. The next Congress
will meet before the contract shall have been made,
much less before the building is completed. Why,
then, appropriate for the salaries of officers who
will not enter upon the discharge of their duties
short of twelve months? 1 did not at first know
that such an appropriation was contained in the
amendment of my friend from California, [Mr.
McCorkle.] If this House is disposed to appro-
priate the $300,000, so as to put it in the power
of the Secretary to procure the machinery, &c.,
if he chooses, t shall have no objection; yet to
that 1 think a proviso ought to be attached, pro-
viding that the money shall be applied under the
law by which the Mint was created. But there
