2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August JO,
the amount is concerned. The whole amount is
not appropriated j but only so much thereof as
shall be necessary to be disbursed under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
The question was taken, and th«
was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
dndbeitfurther enacted, That the assistant of the Super-
intendent of the Hall of the Exploring Kxpedihon shall here-
after receive a compensation utthe rate of $700 per annum,
to be paid out of the sainefund outof which lie is now paid.
Mr. Chairman, I will only say, that this raises
the salary of a deserving employee from one
dollar per day to $700 per annum.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Who is he?
Mr. DUNHAM. The assistant of the Super-
intendent of the Hall of the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. STEVENS. He is the man who sweeps
out the hall.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That the assistant constiucter and draughtsman m the
Bureau of Construction. Equipment, and Kcpair, of the
Navy Department be paid fm his services, $1,600 per an-
num, in pursuance of the act of Congie s of August 3ist,
J 842.
I offer this amendment with the view of direct-
ing the Navy Department to pay to those gentle- !
men the amount required by law. The act reor- !
gamming the Navy Department, passed the 31st j
of August, 1842, provides a certain number of i
clerks for the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, i
and Repair, and also provides for the employment I
of a draughtsman. The practice has been to divide !
the §1,600, provided bylaw for a draughtsman, j
between the clerk and draughtsman—thus making ■
an additional clerk not authorized by law—and
paying but ^800 to the draughtsman and assistant
constructed 1 desire to direct the Navy Depart-
ment to pay this gentleman, who is eminently
qualified for his situation, the whole amount pro-
vided by law, to winch he is entitled. 1 know of
no other course to puisuethan this—no other way
by which to correct the error now existing. Here
is what the law says:
"For the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repair,
one assistant constructor and draught-man, who shall re-
ceive for his services the sum of $'1,600 per annum, and
four clerks, one of whom shall receive fur his services .^1,400
per annum, and the others shall receive for their services
$1,000 per annum each."
1 read this from the Navy Register, published
by the Department. By reference to it I find that j
the salaiy of Richard Powell, draughtsman, is i
$800 per annum, and that of D. R. Goodloe, an <
additional clerk, I suppose him to be, $800. it will j
be seen that there is no provision for any such I
clerk, and there is only a provision for an assistant !
constructer and draughtsman. Independent of i
that, I may remark here, that all the other j
draughtsmen in all the otherbureausreceive $1,000. I
The salary of $.800 is not sufficient to pay the ex- :
penses of this gentleman and sustain his family, j
I do not desire to consume the time of the com- \
mittee longer. I could read certificates of his abil- j
ity to perform the duties of his office from the head |
of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and '
Repair, as well as a letter from the Secretary of 1
the Navy, requesting that the compensation of 1
this gentleman might be fixed at a larger amount j
than is now paid him. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I wish to say that the Committee of Ways
and Means have reported every cent estimated for
by that Department, for the pay not only of the
Bureau clerks, but the draughtsmen, per act of the
31st of August, 1842 and 1845, <£9,400. The very
case to which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] refers is marked down and in-
cluded in the estimates of the head of the Bureau,
by which the amount is made up for the Navy
Department. Wehaveappropriatedall they asked.
They made their estimates under those laws, and
we reported to this House the amount they asked;
and this com mittee have agreed to it. The amount
which the gentleman now asks to be appropriated
must be a sum beyond any knowledge on the part
of the Secretary of the Navy. If the Secretary
intended to a*k additional compensation, why did
he not do it in his regular estimates? "VVhy did
he not submit a proposition to the committee?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not ask that any ad-
ditional sum shall be appropriated. I only ask
that the sum required by law, to be paid to this
gentleman, shall be paid him.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman does
not ask us to give any additional appropriation,
amendment ij but asks that we shall instruct the Secretary of the
Navy how to apply the money which we appro-
i priate to him. The law directs him how to np-
i p*yJt-
l Mr. FLORENCE. I have submitted the case
! clearly.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are bound to presume
that the Secretary of the Navy and the heads of
these Bureaus carry out the law. If this salary
of $1,600 is divided between the draughtsman and
the clerk, I take it for granted that it is upon an j
agreement with the draughtsman, and as such he
I ought to be bound by it. !
! The question was then taken upon Mr. Flor-
I exce's amendment, and it was rejected,
j Mr. GORMAN. I desire to offer the following
| amendment:
I For the 'payment of Caroline M. Fleurv, the widow of
Louis A. Fleuiy, deceased,$-280, due said Louis A. Fleury,
, as clerk connected with the Delaware breakwatei from the
| first of January to the Ia.*>f of April, inclusive, 1834.
j Mr. HAMILTON. Is not that a private claim?
j Mr. GORMAN. 1 can explain it in a very few
! words.
j The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
i the question of order submitted by the gentleman
j from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] must be sus-
j tained. The amendment is out of order.
I Mr, GORMAN. Do I understand the Chair to
1 decide that the amendment is out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. GORMAN. It is for balance of pay, and
would really come in as a deficiency.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thedebateis out of order.
J Mr. GORMAN. I was only about to state the
I nature of the case. I think the amendment is not
I out of order, because it is an appropriation forser-
I vices already performed, and services which were
j authorized by law. The services have been per-
! formed, but the young man being dead, the money
cannot be drawn under the present law, unless
letters of administration be taken out by the
widow. This is the only reason why it is brought
here. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- |
ion that it is in the nature of a private claim; and, \
therefore, sustains the point of order made by the j
j gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.")
| Mr. CHANDLER. I offerthefollowingamend- j
I merit:
That the Library Committee be authorized to sell any
j vvoiksm the Libraiy which were rendered imperfect by the
' Jatc lire, and to appropuate the proceeds of  aul sale to the
i purchase of other works.
1 Mr. Chairman, the fire in the Library last win-
j ter destroyed a pait uf a number of sets, leaving
: us different volumes, which aie valuable to the
! collectors of volumes, but of no use to us. We
i have not felt ourselves authorized to sell them,
j without such authority as is proposed by this
j amendment to give us. We simply ask, there-
! fore, by this amendment, authority to part with
' them at fair prices, and to purchase other books
I with the proceeds.
i The question was then taken on the amendment,
; and n was agreed to.
! Mr. BISSELL. I offer the following amend-
! ment:
] And that the Clerk of the House of Repie^entativcs be
' dnected to pay to William H. Minniv, the '•tationeiy and
j petition clerk, the same compensation annually, which is
' paid to the as5i?-lant clerks ot the Clerk of the House of
: Representatives, from the commencement of the present
i Conffres'".
I Mr. Chairman, I think that this amendment
; contemplates a very evident act of justice, and I
hope there will be no opposition to it. I am satis-
fied myself in regard to it, arid I would not have
offered it if I were not satisfied that it is reason-
able and just.
Mr. HOUSTON. "What is the salary of that
clerk ?
Mr. BISSELL. Two dollars and a half per
day.
Mr. HOUSTON. In what department is he
employed ?
Mr. BISSELL. He has charge of the station-
ery, and also of petitions. His duties are some-
what miscellaneous.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. A word only
in reply to the inquiry of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston.]
I am somewhat conversant with the duties of the
gentleman who is referred to in this amendment,
and I know that they are very responsible and
laborious. He has charge of the petitions and
memorials which come to this House; and he has
the distiibution of them to the committees.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is doubtless true; but the
statement which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Seymour] makes, in regard to this officer,
may be made in regard to all the officers of the
Government. They all have responsible stations
j to fill and duties to perform. If they have not,
j the offices ought to be dispensed with; they should
not exist at all. I do think if we intend to inter-
' fere with the salaries of the officers about this
Capitol, this city, or elsewhere—salaries which
have been established by law, and which have ex-
isted for years—we ought to take up that subject
separate and apart from all others, and remodel
the whole system.
Mr. BISSELL. It was not my intention to
say one word upon this subject. 'The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] consumes the time
of the House, m an argument in opposition to
this little amendment. It is a simple proposition
of increasing his pay fifty cents a day, and there
is not a more laborious man about the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish the gentleman
to consume my time.
Mr. BISSELL. You are consuming my time.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Rissell] submitted an amendment.
Having submitted some remarks in favor of his
amendment, he ceased to speak, and the Chair
supposing he had finished the remarks which he
designed to offer, assigned the floor to thegentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] When the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] rose and
interrogated the gentleman from Alabama, the
Chair stated that the gentleman could do so by
permission of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will detain the committee
but a moment longer. I have no special knowl-
edge of this particular case, and therefore I do not
intend that my remarks shall apply to it solely.
This may be a very just case—and I have no doubt
that in all the Departments there are cases where
the compensation is not large enough. I am not
complaining of this particular case. I am present-
ing the whole question to the consideration of the
committee, whether they will in this very unsatis-
factory manner take up this important subject and
legislate upon it, or whether it is not our duty to
refer it to some committee—if not this session, at
the next—to bring forward a plan which will put
all the officers of the Government upon a proper
and equitable basis. It does seem to me that this
plan of taking up isolated cases is a very unsatis-
factory mode of legislation. Every member of
this body has some favorite whose salary he would
be glad to see increased. I have, I know.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. After "Minnix," insert the words " the
messengers of the House of Representatives."
The object of this amendment is this: The mes-
sengers of this House, as we all know, are officers
who are in the daily performanceofimportant duties
demanding labor and attention,and X believe, so far
as my own knowledge is concerned, I can certainly
say that they have performed and do perform these
duties faithfully. The original amendment, I un-
j derstand, raises the compensation of the individual
| named to $3 per day. It is precisely the amount
which is given to the messengers of the Senate,
| and no more. 1 conceive as our messengers have
| hitherto received but $2 50, there is an inequality
1 which should be remedied by the adoption of this
; provision. I think the original amendment should
pass, for I know the duties of that officer, and I
j know that they are well discharged. T know that
his compensation will not be too hi^h if it is put
up to the amount asked by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Bisseli..]
I think, with regard to these messengers, that
they should be put upon the same footing as the
messengers of the Senate, because their duties are
certainly equally responsible and equally arduous.
I hope that the amendment to the amendment will
prevail, and that the whole will be adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that it is a very un-
thankful business for me to oppose increase of
pay to officers who are around me here all day, or
