1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
order, and it is the duty of the Chair to enforce
order.
- Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to strike out
" Wednesday," and to insert in its stead " Mon-
day."- That is debatable, as I understand. I can
state the reasons that operate upon me in moving
it. - '
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.'
Mr. FLORENCE. Gentlemen have been speak-
ing upon this and the other side of the House this
morning on this subject, and all that I now desire,
is to correct an erroneous impression entertained
by some members of the House that"this report
could not be printed by Monday.
The SPEAKER;. The Chair indulged gentle-
men upon all sides so long as no objection was
interposed. When, however, the gentleman ad-
dressed'the Chair proposing to debate the ques-
tion, he was called to order from all sides of the
Hall.' It is the duty of the Chair to preserve or-
der.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a statement.
[Cries'of " No !" " No!" " Hear him !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. ' I desire to submit a few
reasons why the question should not be postponed.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !-"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is again called
to order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. POLK. I move that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be allowed to print his speech.
[Laughter, and cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. GARTTER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair as to whether the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Polk] moves the printing of the
report, and the various propositions with regard
to the public printing?
The SPEAKER. There is but one proposition
before the House, and that is to postpone the con-
sideration of the report until Wednesdny next,
unless the gentleman from Pennsylvania insists
upon his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not.
Mr. GORMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If the call for
the previous question be sustained, in what con-
dition will it place the report ?
The SPEAKER. The seconding of the call
for the previous question will bring the House to
a direct vote upon the resolution of the commit-
tee.
Mr.' BROWN. Precluding all amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It would be to exclude all
amendments and all debate.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope neither the Chair nor
the gentleman from Mississippi will make a speech
upon the subject, unless I am heard.
Mr. BROWN. I trust that the call for the pre-
vious question will not be sustained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls gentlemen
on all sides to order, and will endeavor to keep
himself in order.
The question was then taken upon the demand
for the previous question, and it was not seconded,
there being upon a division—ayes 45, noes 98.
Mr. BROWN. What is the motion now before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Poi.k] to postpone the
resolution reported by the Committee on Printing,
until Wednesday next.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the mover of that motion
to give me an opportunity to simply give notice of
my intention to offer the amendment, which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read, to the resolution of
the committee, and to ask that it shall be printed.
Mr. POLK. I object.
Mr. BROWN. £>oes the gentleman object to
the reading of the amendment?
Mr. POLK. I ought to be no more generous
to the gentleman than he has been to the commit-
tee; bu t I do not object to the reading of the amend-
ment.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives has the
right to direct the Committee on Printing as to the manner
in which they shall discharge thejr duty m procuring the
execution of the public printing, and that it is the duty of
said committee to procure the printing to be done m the
manner pointed out by the House of Representatives.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman will
amend his proposed amendment, so that it will
read, " and any law to the contrary notwithstand-
in£;"
Mr. BROWN. I will do no such thing, I am
able to show that that resolution is right when I
have the opportunity.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not now in or-
der. ' - '
The question was then taken upon the motion
to postpone the resolution reported by the com-
mittee until Wednesday next, and it was agreed
to.
The SPEAKER. The first business now in
order is the consideration of a private bill, which
was reported-from a Committee of the Whole on
Friday last.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow me to
report back'from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
the Senate bill "for the relief of the widows and
relations of certain officers and seamen of the Uni-
ted States brig Washington, lost overboard in a
hurricane. ,
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I move that
therules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON. I hope unanimous consent
will be granted for the pui pose I have named.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia insists upon his motion, that the House go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, it amounts to an objection to the gen-
tleman's request.
Mr. McMULLIN. With great respect for the
gentleman, I do insist upon the motion 1 have sub-
mitted. I desire that the homestead bill may be
disposed of as soon as may be.
Mr. STANTON. I wish merely to refer the
bill I desire to report to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw, if the
gentleman will renew my motion after he has ac-
complished his object.
Mr. STANTON. I will.
Mr. DANIEL. I object to the gentleman pre-
senting a report.
Mr. SACKETT. There are on the Speaker's
table, I understand, bills of a private character
undisposed of, which have been reported, with a
recommendation that they do pass, from a Com-
mittee of the Whole. I trust the motion to go
into committee will not be pressed until they shall
have been acted upon. They are private bills, and
this is piivate bill day.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order,
if we remain m the House, the Chair again states,
is certain private bills which were reported from a
Committee of the Whole House upon Friday last.
There being a special order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, it is in order
to submit a motion that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into committee
for the consideration of that special order. That
motion has been made. There has also been sub-
mitted another, ihat the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The question was put on the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and it was not agreed to—ayes 65,
noes 80.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Is not this objec-
tion day m the Committee of the Whole House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The question was then taken on the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar; and it was agreed to—ayes 101,
noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Stuart m the chair.)
JOSIAH D. PILCHER.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of House bill No. 157, for the relief of Josiah P.
Pilcher, late a private in Company F, 2d regi-
ment Kentucky volunteers.
The bill provides for the payment to Josiah P.
Pilcher, of his monthly pay from the 7th of July,
1846, to the discharge- of the company in which
he was enrolled, together with his clothing,pay,
mileage from New Orleans, three months' extra
pay, and aland warrantforone hundred andsixty
acres."
The report shows, from the evidence submitted,
that Pilcher was received by Colonel McKee at
Camp Jackson, six miles below New Orleans, as
a recruit, on the 7th of July, 1846, to serve the
residue of the twelve months from the date of the
mustering of said regiment; thathis name was not
put upon the rolls of said company; but it is dis-
tinctly stated by all the officers of his company,
that he served in the ranks as a soldier faithfully,
except while he was on furlotigh to do service in
the Quartermaster's Department; that the death
of Colonel McKee was the cause of his name not
appearing on the final mustering-out rolls of said
company; and, although he served faithfully during
the full term, yet he was refused his pay and al-
lowances, owing to these circumstances. -
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ANTHONY G. WILLIS.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 159, for the relief of the
heirs-at-law of Anthony G. Willis, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the heirs of Anthony Gf. Willis, deceased,
the sum of $251, as remuneration for the services
of a wagon and team of their said ancestors, which
was pressed into the service of the United States
during the war of 1812.
The bill was ordered to be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the, recommendation
that it do pass.
DR. S. R. ADDISON.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill 162, for the relief of Dr. S. R.
Addison, passed assistant surgeon in the United
States Navy.
The bill provides for the payment to Dr. S. R.
Addison the difference of pay between that of
passed assistant surgeon and surgeon, from the
4th of April, 1848, to the 21st of June, 1850.
The report shows that, on the 4th of April,
1848, by order of the Secretary of the Navy,
Passed Assistant Surgeon Addison was required
to perform the duties of surgeon on board the
United States sloop-of-war St. Mary's; which he
did perform to 21st of June, 1850.
The bill was ordered to be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation
that it'do pass.
JACOB J. STORER.
The committee next, took up for consideration
House bill 163, for the relief of Jacob J. Storer.
The bill provides for the payment to Jacob J.
Storer, of $1,361 82, a sum based upon a certifi-
cate of the Fourth Auditor, that that is the amount
he would have been entitled to in pay and rations,
had he been paid as a purser of the United States
Navy.
The report of the committee shows that J. J.
Storer, in August, 1847, received from Commo-
dore Storer, who was ordered to the command of
the squadron on the coast of Brazil, the appoint-
ment of secretary; in that capacity he served until
May 21,1848, when he was ordered by said Com-
modore Storer to the United Suites brig Perry, as
acting purser, the purser of the Perry having been
transferred to the flag ship, to replace the purser
of that ship, who had been ordered home on " sick
ticket."
Commodore Storer also appointed another per-
son as his secretary, who received the pay and
emoluments of that office until December 1, 1848,
when another purser having been sent out by the
Secretary of the Navy to take the place of J.
J. Storer, he returned to the flag ship as secre-
tary. While on board the Perry, he had drawn
purser's pay, his right to it not having been ques-
tioned at the time. Subsequently, on May 7,
1849, Commodore Storer, at the request of the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, caused to be
checked against J. J. Storer's pay as secretary,
the amount he drew as acting purser. Thus, from
that time until the termination of the cruise, in De-
cember, 1850, J. J. Storer received no pay what-
ever, although constantly performing duties.
The bill was ordered to be laid aside, to be re-
