1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
also of the mode in which payments should here-
after be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. We not only indicate the
manner in which we desire the payment to be
made, but we require it, if this amendment shall
be agreed to, to be made in a mode different from
the one adopted by the President. I feel sure, as
I said before, thai one of the inducements for the
adoption of that amendment is9 that it shall reflect
upon the Secretary of State; for, if we transfer the
payment of this installment to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] says the Secretary of theTreasury assured
him he would adopt the arrangment of the Secre-
tary of State; then what do we accomplish, except
it may be to take an unncessary responsibility,
where no good can and some harm may result
from our action. Both Departments are under
the control and supervision of the President of the
United States.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman is mistaken. I
will put him right upon this point. The question
now is upon the adoption of the amendment of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Marshall.]
That amendment does not require the Secretary
of the Treasury to do anything.
Mr. HOUSTON. What does it do then >
Mr. MEADE. It requires the President to so
cause the payment to be made ii^the manner that
shall be the most satisfactory to the Mexican
Govern ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia not to be in favor of the
amendmentof the gentleman from Tennessee,[Mr.
Johnson,] and to be willing that the Secretary of
State shall continue to discharge this duty, and
make the payments.
Mr. MEADE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has no ob-
jection to the Secretary of State continuing, but he
desires that the payment shall be made according
to the wishes of the Mexican Government. Now,
I ask the honorable member, if he did not, in an-
other part of his speech, admit that we had not
now time to make any change in the order of
things connected with the payment of the install-
ment soon to fall due?
Mr. MEADE. I will reply to the gentleman,
by saying that I made no such admission. I dis-
tinctly stated, that 1 believed that if we would
signify to Mexico that we were willing to pay this
installment in the manner which she should deem
most advisable, that a contract might be made in
thirty days.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman, as I under-
stood him at the time, spoke of the propriety of a
change in the treaty. But there certainly is not
time now for the two Governments to make a
•change so as to allow the payment to be made dif-
ferently—according to the wishes of Mexico—and
I present it to this committee: is there sufficient
time between now and the 30th May next for open-
ing a negotiation with Mexico, for a change in the
terms of the treaty? I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia as saying that the Executive
Government of Mexico can make any change in
the time or place or manner of receiving the
money to be paid to hei under the twelfth article
of the treaty of the 2d February, 1848, but, on the
contrary, that he agrees that there can be no sub-
stantial change made in the treaty, unless it be
done by a higher authority than the Executive
Government of that Republic. You must have the
action of the treaty-making poweis, before any
material change can be made in any treaty. In
this case, and in my view of it, we are bound to
have at least the action of the Supreme Government
of Mexico in favor of the change. Even that might
not do—and anything shoit of it would surely avail
us nothing. But I undertake to say that, accord-
in0- to my information, there is no evidence before
the House, and there has been none since the meet-
ing of this Congress—there was none before the
Committee of Ways and Means—going to show
that Mexico desires to drawupon this Government
for this installment. Such evidence may have
been before the last Congress; that is, however,
denied 
Mr. MEADE. There is evidence before the
House now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know what
evidence ?
Mr. MEADE. I will read it, if the gentleman
desires, and will give me time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not like to have my
! time taken up. 1 suppose it is General Green's
circular to which the gentleman lefers.
Mr. MEADE. No; it is contained in the cor-
respondence submitted to us yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON. In the correspondence sub-
mitted to us yesterday, the Mexican Minister says
he conversed with Mr, Webster about the bills
which he said his Government wanted this Gov-
ernment to accept. Mr. Webster substantially,
if not in words, denies the statement. There is
an issue; and upon that issue what can we do?
Is the proof sufficiently conclusive to establish the
fact; and if the fact be proven, is that enough to
merit a censure in the absence of any previous in-
dication by Congress that Mexico should be con-
sulted and permuted to change the liiodeand piace
of payment if she desiied? Admit, however, that
at the last Congress it would have been better to
change the mode of paying this installment, still
the argument can avail nothing here, for circum-
stances have materially changed. Then we had
quite twelve months in which to operate, now we
have less than four months, and we must yield to
the circumstances in which we are placed—we are
controlled by the circumstances that surround
us—and in the discharge of our duty we must
make the best of what we have.
There is another fact which 1 wish to notice, and
it is the action of Congiess heretofore in relation
to these installments. 1 believe this bill ought to
I pass, and I believe it ought to pass as it is, with-
! out amendment. I believe it, from the fact that we
owe the money to Mexico, and have pledged oui
faith to pay it on the 3Uth of May next. There
are other circumstances coming in to corroborate
that belief. This subject was acted upon m the I
Thirtieth Congress, and at the last session of that j
Congress, with almost entire unanimity, a bill
passed into a law providing for the payment of
two installments: the one falling due in May,
1849, and the other one falling due in May, 185U.
That bill passed with only eight dissenting votes.
This bill contains precisely the same provisions of
that one, leaving the money to be paid by the
Executive. A bill upon the same subject, and
with precisely similar provisions, also passed the
first session of the Thirty-first Congress with but
few negative votes. So the provisions of this bill
have received the sanction of the Thirtieth and the
Thirty-first Congresses—voted for by all parties
and very nearly by all the members. All we ask
now is, that we shall pass this bill as it is, with-
! out amendment. My anxiety to defeat all amend-
ments to the bill grows out of my view of the best
mode ofadvancing the public interest, and not for the
purpose of shielding any individual, either in public
or private hie; nor do 1 agree that Congiess must
under all ciicumstances appropriate the money
and leave it under the control of the President; not
at all. If Congress should believe the money
would, for corrupt purposes or otherwise, be mis-
applied, it would not only be competent for Con-
gress to control it, but it would be its duty to do
so.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. .Brooks]
says that the last Congress, by passing the lull
' when these facts were before the country, adopted
the arrangement that was pursued by thePiesi-
dent; and if we pass this bill now, we thereby
approve the course the Secretary has pursued and
, proposes to pursue. 1 take issue with the gentle-
j man there. I intend to vole for this bill as it is.
! But then I repudiate entirely, for myself and for
' all these gentlemen around me, the idea that by so
doing i indorse or approve what Mr. Webster has
done or what he may do in this matter. If
;'charges of fraud, coriuption, or mismanagement
. be presented against Mi. YV"ebster, then will be
1 the proper time to examine into his course, and
to investigate the conduct of the Executive. Then
■ will I be prepared to go into that investigation, I
| hope, with fairness to all concerned, but with an
1 unflinching determination to discharge my entire
duty.
j\lr. Chairman, I wish to repeat, what I a few
;! moments since stated, that, by the adoption of
|! this bill in its present form, we only do that which
j, we have done heretofore, and that which we usu-
i ally do m regard to all other bills of like character
' appropriate the money to enable the President
to carry out the treaty; and we by no means in-
dorse the plan he may choose to adopt.  
Mr MEADE here made a remark inaudible to
the reporter; but he was understood to inquire if
the Government of Mexico would not prefer to
have the money paid here, or deposited in some
bank in New York, rather than to have it paid in
the city of Mexico ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will reply to the question,
and 1 will do it frankly. 1 presume I am in his
condition upon that point, wholly without proof.
I can guess, as he can guess; that is all either of
us can do. There is no evidence before Congress,
nor has there been this session, showing the pres-
ent wish of Mexico. But then, even admitting
that the correspondence just received shows that
at the last Congress Mexico desired the payment
to be mo.de by the acceptance of her bills, that
while that proposition was never presented in form
to this Government, the very con espondence itself
also shows that even if it had been, it has been long
since entirely withdrawn, and is not now befote
us. If that is again brought about, it is to bedone
anew, and we could not safely act in the absence
of proper authority from Mexico. And while I am
unwilling now to discuss the question of the power
of Congress over treaties, I am free to repeat what
I have before said, that we cannot alter this treaty
as to the mode and place of payment, by any au-
thority short of the Supreme Government of Mex-
ico—I mean that the Congress of Mexico must
legislate, and give authority to do the act. I might
be willing to risk a discharge under that authority,
but! would certainly accept nothing short of that;
and if we pay this money in any other mode than
that pointed out in the treaty itself, without such
authority, I fear we would not disrhaige our lia-
bility. There are other remarks I would like to
submit, but for fear my time may be exhausted
before I get through, I wish to call theaUcntion of
the committee to the facts connected with the pay-
ments which have heretofore been made. The
! honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
I who is now at the head of the Committee on Por-
i eign Relations, was inaccurate, to some extent, in
; his statements in regard to the payment of some
1 of the installments which have already been made.
; I find, from an examination of the books and re-
I cords in the Departments, that the first payment—
| a payment made in cash after the treaty—was made
! by the President of the United States, Mr. Polk,
! not through the Rothschilds, as the gentleman
j stated, but it was, to a large extent,made through
! the War Department. It was arranged by the Scc-
I retary of War, ail except about eight hundred.
! thousand dollars. I have some extracts here
: from official documents, which I will read. Eight
hundred thousand dollars of the cash payment
'! was made by the purchase heie from A. Belmont
i: of bills upo'n Lionel Davidson, of the city of
II Mexico. Those bills, it is true, as the gentle-
!; man stated, were purchased by Mr. Walker, and
j! paid for m Treasury notes, dollar for dollar,
ji But those Treasury notes were not at a premium
!| at that time, or if at a premium, it was small,
'j These bills were purchased m March, 1848, and
! before this Government knew- certainly whether
• the treaty would be ratified in due foim by the
| treaty-making power of Mexico. I will read an
j extract fiofti a letter of the Secretary of War to
; Major General Butler, throwing light upon this
j subject:
I u War I)r:pa.r i ment- ?
! "Washington, ftTiirth 30, 1348. >
  Sir: Should the treaty sent out by our coimnnwonei be
! iauhed, it will be nee( s-s-ary for the United States to make
1 immediate payment to Mexico of y'j/MO.OOO To meet thu
1 paj merit, you have been nive-ted withauthontv to diaw
; tor that amount on the Trea-uij of the United Jitafr^. Ap-
' ptehcnsion-* an: beie entertained, that by a < onibmatioix
I anions tho^e who would be ab p to puir-hriM- micIi dialtsor
j f'i ojn M)me other cause, you infill not bfahh to iai-(. la:i;e
' a sum of money on them without adiM-ount. pojh.ips an ex-
i oilutsuuouo. "ft h:i^. tiirictorp, hfcn thon' i't : (iw^abh-* to
j make ariansementN In1)-*-, prowilui<r toi a con «'-iabIe part
i of the amount wiiK-h may he v. anted-"
j * X + * > *
| Then follow the instructions to pay the pro-
. ceeds to that installment. So if there was a pre-
: mium on Treasury notes at that time, that ad-
vantage was not lost, because,in the arrangement
; which was made by Secretary Walker m the pur-
chase of those bills, this Government was not to pay
; interest upon the amount until the bills were dis-
| pnsed of by our commissiontr in Mexico, and the
; proceeds applied to our debt there. So that it
, enabled this Government to hold itself in readi-
j ness to pay, whenever the treaty would be rati-
i fied. And" tiiat was a contingency beyond our
i knowledge, and one which might not happen tor
