1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
ported to the House with the recommendation that
it do pass.
HENRY MILLER.
The committee next took up for consideration,
House bill No. 178, for the relief of Henry Miller,
b, soldier of the war of 1812.
The bill provides that the prop.er accounting of-
ficer pay to Lieutenant Colonel Henry Miller,
pertsion from March 18,1818, to the 5th of April,
i824, at the rate of $8 a month.
It was ordered to be laid aside, to be reported
to the House with the recommendation that it do
.WILLIAM LYNCH.
The committee then proceeded to consider House
bill No, 179, for the relief of William Lynch, a
soldier of the late war with Great Britain,
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place said Lynch on the roll of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of $8 per month, commencing from
the 8th day of July, 1848, and to continue during
the term of his natural life.
The report was read, from which it appeared
that the petitioner enlisted on the 1st of September,
1813, as a private soldier in the company com-
manded by Captain King, and that on the 15th of
August, 1814, he was wounded, by the explosion
of the magazine at Fort Erie, in the head and
knee, and also received an injury in the abdomen,
which resulted in hernia. In consequence of these
wounds-he was sent to the hospital at Eleven Mile
Creek, in the State of New York, where he re-
mained until the spring of 1815, when he joined
his regiment, and served until the expiration of
his "service* on 1st of September, 1818.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
CHARLES STAPLES.
The committee then took up for consideration,
House bill No. 182, for the relief of Charles Sta-
ples.
The bill authorizes the said Staples to be placed
on the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate of $6
per month, from the 1st of January, 1848.
The report was read, from which it appeared
th^t the petitioner enlisted as a sergeant, on the
lOtli of December, 1812, into the company com-
manded by Captain Oliver Hessick, belonging to
the regiment of Colonel M'cCobb, in the service
of ..the,United States, in the last war with Great
Britain. It appears that, from severe exposure,
he became sick, and unable to perform his duty,
and has, up to this time, been affected with a hard
cough and lameness, which hasrendered him ex-
tremely feeble.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
AARON STAFFORD.
The committee then proceeded to consider House
"bill No. 183,. for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
- The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the roll of invalid pensioners the
name of the petitioner, for the sum of $17 a month,
from and after the 4th day of March, 1848, to
continue during his" natural life, after deducting
such sums as the petitioner may have received
since that period.
The report was read, from which it appears that
the petitioner held a commission as adjutant on
the 13th of October, 1812, in the sixteenth detached
regiment of the militia of the State of New York,
in the service of the United States, during the last
war with Great Britain, and that he, on the 13th
of October, 1812, accompanied by two hundred
men, crossed over from Lewiston to Glueenstown,
and was engaged in the storming of Q,ueenstown
Heights, and in the battle that day. In this battle
he received a wound above the right temple, from
a musket ball, another from a bullet through his
thigh, just below the groin, a third from a rifle
ball in the left shoulder, just below the joint, and
a fourth from a grape shot, which struck him in
front of his left thigh, about five inches above the
knee, dividing the muscles to the bone. Notwith-
standing the first three wounds received by him,
"as above described, he still continued fighting until
struck by the grape shot, which knocked him
down the bank- of the Niagara river, about one
third of the way to the water, and he was only
saved from being precipitated into the river and
drowned by grasping in his right hand, in his
descent, a shrub, upon which he retained his hold
and thus saved his life. In this perilous position
he remained until captured by the enemy.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
WILLIAM P. GREENE.
Senate bill No. 66, being an act for the relief of
William P. Greene, was next taken up for con-
sideration.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the petitioner the sum of $324 26,
for the faithful discharge of the duties of surveyor
of the port of Providence, and measurer of salt
at the same time.
The report was read; from which it appears that
the two offices performed by the petitioner were
by law not compatible with each other, but that
the petitioner having been appointed as surveyor,
and the Secretary of the Treasury having subse-
quently confirmed his appointment as measurer,
without fault or knowledge of the petitioner that
the offices were incompatible, the committee are of
opinion that he is entitled to relief, and therefore
recommend the passage of the bill.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation thai it do
pass.
JOHN B. ROGERS.
House bill No. 197, for the relief of John B.
Rogers, of South Carolina, was next taken up
for consideration. The hill authorizes the pay-
ment to the petitioner of $15 55, being the amount
of twenty pieces of stamped paper purchased by
him during the late war with Great Britain.
The report was read; from which it appears that
several years since, when the United States were
at war with Great Britain, the, petitioner, being
then in mercantile occupation, required for his
business many stamps, and that at the close of the
war he had several left in his possession, and was
never aware until lately that any provision had
ever been made by Congress for the redeeming of
those which had not been used. The petitioner
has been confined to the house from illness for
some years, which, together with the stamps hav-
ing been mislaid, is the cause of the amount never
having been requested of the Department until
August last. A few weeks since he sent the stamps
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who returned
them to him, with the information that provision
had been made by Congress? for all stamped paper,
and referring him to Congress for relief.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
JOSEPH AND PETER ARNOW.
House bill No. 198, for the relief of Joseph Ar-
now and Peter Arnow, heirs of Joseph Arnow,
late of Florida, was next taken up for consider-
ation.
This bill provides for an extension of the act of
Congress, approved 3d of March, 1823, to carry
into effect the ninth article of the treaty concluded
between the United States and Spain, the22d day
of February, 1819*," and is of like tenor with the
act of 26th of June, 1834, and the act of 3d March,
1849.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbuky Dickin's, Esq., its Secre-
tary, stating that the Senate had passed a bill en-
titled " An act to provide for the holding of the
United States district courts in cases of sickness or
other disability of the district judges."]
BEHNHART TODD.
House bill No. 199, for the relief of the legal
representatives of Bernhart Todd, deceased, was
taken up for consideration. This bill provides for
paying to the legal representatives of Bernhart
Todd, late of Baltimore county, Maryland, the
sum of $4,315, being the appraised value of build-
ings and furniture, together with crops and other
personal property, which were consumed by the
British forces on the 11th of September, 1814, in
consequence of the buildings of said Todd being
occupied by the American troops for military pur-
poses. The destruction of the buildings by the
enemy being in consequence of such occupancy,
brings this claim within the provisions of the act
of 1825, and which referred such claims for adju-
dication to the Third Auditor; but it appears never
to have been presented to him, and no action can
now be had by the .accounting offtcer, without
authority of law. , ; .
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
GEORGE SIMPTON.
House bill No. 201, for the relief of Captain
George Simpton, was then taken up for consider-,
ation. This bill provides, that the Secretary^of
the Treasury pay to Captain George Simpton, of
Galveston, Texas, the sum of $1,600, in full pay-
ment for his mdemnification for the-loss of the
schooner Alert, while in the public service during
the war with Mexico.
It. appears by the report, that in March, i847,
the United States steamer Hunter made a prize' of
the French bark Jeune Nelly, while the said
bark was attempting to violate the blockade of
Vera Cruz. In. the evening after the capture,
Captain Simpton, who was then the owner and
captain of the Alert, was ordered ^on board the
steamer, and employed as pilot to bring the
steamer, her prize, and his own schooner, to an-
chorage under Green Island. While in the dis-
charge of this duty, a severe norther arose, and
made a complete wreck of all the vessels, upon a
reef at the mouth of the harbor. Under these cir-
cumstances, Captain Simpton claims compensation
for the loss of his schooner.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
c. L. SWAYZB.
The next bill in order was House bill No. 232,
for the relief of C. L. Swayze, in relation to the
location of certain Choctaw scrip.
There being no objection to this bill, it was or-
dered to be" laid aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The following bills coming up in their order on
the Calendar being objected to as indicated below,
were laid over for future consideration under the
rule giving precedence on the first and fourth Fri-
days in each month to those bills to which there
should be no objection, viz:
House bill No. 200—a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of John H. Piatt, deceased.
[By Mr. Sackett.]
House bill No. 149—a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds. [By Mr.
Jones.]
House bill No. 161—a bill to provide for the
payment of the companies of Captains Bush,
Price, and Saurez, for military services in Florida.
[By Mr. Bell.] " '
Senate bill No. 32—an act for the relief of Mar-
garet L, Worth. '{By Mr. Harris, of Tennes-
see.]
House bill No. 16f3—a bill for the relief of Da-
vid Myerle. [By Mr. Daniel.]
House bill No. 175—a bill for the relief of An-
thony Walton Bayard. [By Mr. Harris, of
Tennessee ]
House bill No. 177—a bill for the relief of E.
Y. Fieid. [By Mr. Harris, of Tennessee.]
House bill No. 202—a bill for the relief of the
widow and orphan children of Colonel William
R. McKee, late of Lexington, Kentucky. [By
Mr. Hunter.]
House bill No. 203—a bill for the relief of the
trustees of the Philadelphia Gas Works. [By
Mr. Ficki.ixt.]
Mr. JENKINS. The bills remaining on the
Calendar were only sent to the printer yesterday,
and have not been printed yet. I therefore move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had under consideration divers
private hills, which they had instructed him to re-
port to the House, and to ask the concurrence of
the House therein.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAT.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved- that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
