890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan;
A bill for the relief of A. H. Cole;
A bill for the relief of Charles A. XOllett;
A biil for the relief of Enoch Baldwin and
others;
A bill for the relief of Theodore OfTutt; and a
Joint resolution for the relief of Alexander P.
Field, late secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and
sureties.
DEBATES OF THE SENATE.
The resoluiion to authorize theSecretary of the
Senate to audit and settle the accounts of J. C.
Rives, for reporting the debates and proceedings
of the Senate, came up on its third reading.
Mr. GW1N. I hope that resolution will lie
over until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. Why not pass it now?
Mr. GWIN. I wish to move an amendment.
There will be no opposition to the resolution.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa, in aid of the construction of certain
railroads in said State.
The pending question is on (he substitute re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD addressed the Senate on
this bill through the remainder of the day's session.
His speech will be found in the Appendix. JBe-
fore resuming his seat, he submitted the follow-
ing amendment as an addition to the substitute:
Be it faitkcr cnacted, That there shall bo granted to
the Slates named in tins section, for purposes of education
aiui of internal improvement, so much ot the public domain
as is specified for each, that is to say : To the Stale of Maine,
583,040 acres; to the State of New Hampshire, 317,7(50
ncics; to the State of Vermont, 313,9*20 anes ; to the State
of Massachusetts, 994,*240 acres; to the State of Rhode
Inland, 147,520 acres ; to the State of Connecticut, 370,560
acres ; to the State of Now Yoik, 3,097,280 acres; to the
State of New Jersey, 4S9,'380 acres; to the State of Penn-
sylvania, 2,3U,GM acres ; to the State of Delaware, 90,5130
acres; to the State of Maryland, 546,830 acros; to the
State of Vnginin, 1,231,<>80 acres; to the Slate of North
Carolina, acres; to the State of South Caiohna,
51-4,940 acre-.; to the State of G:'ojgia. 753,080 actcs : to the
State of Tennessee, 906,560 acics, and to the State ot Ken-
tucky, 697,920 actes ; which land, so gianted, shall be lo-
cated ui paiccis coriSbunabiy to sectional divisaonsand sub-
divisions, ol not less than 320 acies in any one location,
if so much can be had, on any public land except such to
which a right of preemption may have attached, or such as
is or may be received from sale by any law of Congress, ov
pioelaniation of the President of the United States; which
said locations may be made at anytime after the lands
shall have been surveyed accoiding to existing laws. And
it shall be lawful for the Governors of said Stales, respect-
ively, to appoint one or more agents to locate the lands
grinned a^ afoiesaid fm the State of which he is the Gov-
ernor Su. li agenN, m making their locations, shall be
governed by such mles and legulations as the Seeictary of
the intemn may from tune to time prescnbe, and when the
lamh for eaeh State have been located and selected, patents
theie/oi shall be HMtcd to the State entitled to thes-ame.
*')rul he it ftother enacted, That the land* granted to the
Stale* aecoidinjj to the preceding section, shall be disposed
ot h) said State*, io-jpeefively, in sueh manner as their ic-
sjiective Legislating may dnect: Provided, howrer, That
no portion ot j-aid lands shall be sold at less than ,^l 25 per
actc, until otherwise authouzed bv a law of the United
States; and the net proceed* of the sales, of said lands shall
be faithfully applied to objects of internal improvement, or
to putpo^es ol education, or to both, As the Legislatures of
the States, respectively, owning the lands gi anted may di-
rect: Provided, further, That all roads, railways, bridges,
canal*, and water courses, which shall be exclus'ivelv built,
constructed, or improved, by the funds arising from the
disposition of said lands, shall be fiee for the tianspoitation
of the United States mail, and munitions of war, and for the
passage ot their troops, without the payment of any toll
whatever.
*2nd heit further cnacted, That it shall be lawful for the
agents aforesaid, or any one of them, in selecting landsand
making locations foi hi--. State, to select and locale any of
the alternate section*, or any pair thereof, which maj have
been or may hoieatter be ie<eived tiom «-ah; bv any act of
Cougres*. gi anting lands in aid ot the coiMruction ot any
raihoad or canal whatevei: Provided, however. That in
locating an} such section, or part of section, the State lor
whose benefit it may be selected oi located *hall be chaiged
with, and the quantitv of land gianted to such State shall
be diminished by double the quantity of acres contained in
the reserved section, or part of section, thus selected and
located. Nothing m the tim,e la*t section*, contained shall
authorize tlie location of any land* granted bv them or
either of them, within the limits of the State of California
or the Territories of New Mexico, Utah, and Oregon. '
Mr. BADGER. I hope that bv the unanimous
consent of the Senate, an order will be made for
printing* the amendment of my friend from Ken-
tucky, and that then the Senate will adjourn.
The amendment was ordered to be printed; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 26, 1852,
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CLAIMS PAID BY THE EXECUTIVE DEPART-
MENTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the unfinished business of Monday
last, being a motion made by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fuller] to suspend the rules of the
House to enable him to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
the. Treasury, the Secretary ot the Interior, the Secretary
of the Navy, the Secictary of War, and the Postmaster
Geneial, be, and hereby are, instructed to causc to be re-
ported to this Ilout-e, as soon as may be practicable, full
and complete lists of all claims, if any, (including principal
and interest, and designating each separately,) allowed and
paid, by the respective Departments, or any bureaus theie
of, since the 4th day of March, A. D. 1849, which had
been previously presented, suspended, or disallowed, in
whole or jn part; and specifying the character of such
claims; and also, that they cause to be repoited thanames
of all perons who at any time aclcd as the agents or soli-
citors tor said claims, and the peisons who received any
poition thereof, or were interested therein.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Maine, whether he
will not so modify his resolution as to make it go
back to the 4th of March, 1845 ? I hope he will do
\ so, as I would be glad to have the information.
Mr. FULLER. If the gentleman desires, he
can introduce another resolution to that effect.
The yeas and nays were demanded and or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Ashe, Averett, Thos. H.
Bayly, liaitlett, Bealo, Bissell, Biagg, Breckeiuidge, Bren-
ton. Brooks, A. G. Brown, Geo. II. Brown, Buell, Busby,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Carttei,Clark,
Chngman, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dunnnek, Disney, Pockety, Doty, Dunham, East-
man, Edgurtou, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Fow-
ler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gayioid, Gentry, Giddings, Gihnore, Good-
rich, Gorman, Green, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, J sham G.
JJams, Hart, tlaven, Ilebard, Hendricks, Plena, Hibbard,
IJillycr, Ilolladay, Houston,Howaid, Thorns Y. How, Ives,
Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kuitz, Letcher, Lockhart,
Mace, Mann, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, McMulhn,
McNair, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, Morrison, Mur-
phy, M«nay, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Russell, Scurry, David
L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smait, Smith,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, Stratton,
Stuart, Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Venable, Wallace, Walbh, Washburn,
Watkins, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox,
Woodwaul, and Yatca—134.
NAYS—Messrs, Abercronibie, Allison, Barrere, Bibig-
haiis, Briggs, Buirows, Caldwell, Chandler, Cullnm, Evans,
Giey, ilaiper, Haws, Hawaii, Horsfurd, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. ilowe, James Johnson, George G King, Kuhns,
Humphrey Maishall, Martin, Morehead, Outlaw, Pemu-
nian, Sclicimeihorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmakei, Scudder,
Alexander ii. Stephens, Taylor, Tuck, Walbridgc, Waul,
Welch, and Williams—36.
j j\!r. HAMILTON, pending the announcement
! of the vote, stated that his colleague, Mr. Ha\j-
mono, was detained from the Houseby the severe
! indisposition of his family.
j So the rules were suspended.
1 Mr. FULLER, of Maine, demanded the pre-
j vious question upon the adoption of the resolu-
! tion.
| Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I appeal to the
| gentleman from Maine to withdraw the call for
i the previous question, that I may move to amend
| the resolution so as to embrace the time since the
. 4th of March, 1835. 1 desire that this investiga-
tion shall be thorough. I promise to renew the
i call for the previous question, if the gentleman
i will withdraw it.
Mr. FULLER. I suggest to the gentleman
| from Ohio that he will fully accomplish his object
by a separate resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The mode I desire will
save a good deal of time, and I wish to avoid the
; necessity of consuming so much time as a separate
! resolution will require. If the gentleman isafraid
I of the investigation, he can persist in his refusal,
j The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of or-
] der.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to request
! my friend from Maine to withdraw the call for
. the previous question. I wish to suggest a modi-
fication of the resolution, and not to debate. Af-
ter I make the suggestion, if the gentleman does
not acquiesce in it, I will renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. FULLER. t i will hear the suggestion.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 The suggestion is, that the
practice we are getting into of calling upon the
heeds of Departments for reports to this House,
and thus treating, to a lar^e extent, as independ-
ent branches of the Executive, is a very bad prac-
tice. The Executive is an unit; the President is
the responsible man, and when we undertake to
make these independent calls upon the heads of
the Departments, we are giving them a conse-
quence which the Constitution does not contem-
plate. In the early days of this Republic, they
were treated as nothing but head clerks. They
are now growing into a consequence, which I
think is inconsistent with the spirit of the Consti-
tution. That consequence arises, to a great ex-
tent, out of the manner in which Congress treats
them.
Mr. FULLER. I concur in the main with the
remarks made by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly;] but I do not wish, for reasons best
known to myself, to, concur in the proposed
amendment in this case.
The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. HARRIS, of Tenneesse, called for tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, ofTen-
nessee, and Chandler were appointed.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
83, noes 69.
So, the previous question was seconded.
The question now being, Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?
Mr. MILLER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish merely to inquire if
the House should determine that the main ques-
tion shall not be now put, whether the question
must not go over to some other day?
The SPEAKER. It will go over until Monday
next.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 125, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Charles Allen,
Willis Allen, Andrews, John Appleton, Ashe, Averett,
Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Beale, Bissell, Bo-
cock, Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busby,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb,
Colcoek, Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmundson, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fiteh, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Gounan, Green, Grow,
Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbaid, Hillyei, Holladay,
Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives,
Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Dan-
iel T. Jones George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Kurtz,
Letcher, Lockhait, Mace, Mann, Edward C. Marshall,
Mason, McCoikle, McDonald, McLanahan, McMullin,
McNair, Meade, Millson, Mornson, Murphy, Murray, Na-
bers, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker, Peaslee. Penn, Phelps,
Polk, Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Scuiry. David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strat-
ton, Stuart, Sweetser, George Vv. Thompson, Thurston,
Wallace, Wilcox, and Woodward—125
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bowie,
Bowne,Bnggs, Brooks, George H. Brown, Burrows, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chngman, Cullom,
Dockcry, Duncan, Evans, Fowler, Goodrich, Grey, Harper,
Haws, Hascall. Haven, Hebard, Horsford, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, James Johnson, Geo. G. King, Kuhns,
Martin, Miller, Miner, Morehead, Newton, Outlaw, Sam-
uel W Parker, Penntman, Perkins, Porter, Sackett, Seher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strotber, Tay-
lor, Benjamin Thompson, Walbridge, Walsh, Waid, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alexander
White, Williams, and Yates—63.
So it was ordered that the main question be now
put.
Mr. MEADE. 1 understand that the mover of
the resolution is willing to accept the modification
suggested by my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] and give
the resolution a different direction, that is, instead
of having it directed to the heads of the Depart-
ments respectively, to direct it to the President of
; the United States. I ask the unanimous consent
| of the House to allow of the modification.
| Mr, STANTON, ofOhio, objected.
; The question was then taken, and the resolution
i was adopted.
i Mr. FULLER, of Maine, moved to reconsider
j the vote by which the resolution was passed, and to
, Jay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
' latter motion was agreed to.
