1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 70.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, Mr. Chairman,
to make the addition to the highest rate of wages
eight per cent, instead of ten per cent., and in doing
so I desire to offer a few remarks upon the general
question. The remarks which have fallen from my
honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fow-
ler,] and of my brother Caius from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] who always out-Gracchies me in
popularizing a measure, have an application that
should not be general. It is enough for us to le-
gislate for the Departments on this matter, and
not, by adding to the wages of others who do not
thank us for those wages, disturb the balance of
business. When, a few days since, some of the
hard-handed mechanics from the yard asked me
fco assist them in procuring an augmentation of
their wages, 1 asked what they needed, and
they told me they needed what others got. They
wanted no more, (they would scorn to ask for
more,) and they were entitled to it, and did receive
it. There was no necessity for legislation. But
the persons who are employed by the Govern-
ment here have no means by which their wages
can be regulated. The carpenter in the navy-yard
knows that he is to receive the highest rate of
wages that is paid in the next yard to him. The
blacksmith and every other mechanic is paid as
much there as the best mechanic can earn else-
where. But here when a clerk is employed, when
Ins whole life is given to the examination and
knowledge of that clerkship, then he finds him-
self midway in life, cut olf from those enjoyments
which he has a right to calculate on, and which
every other man—the mechanic or the merchant—
is sure to attain with economy and with that en-
larged enterprise which belong to our country.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts talks
of temperance. Temperance can be practiced else-
where as well as here. It is a very good thing,
but it is best not to be too temperate even in our
temperance.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts says
that he finds himself comfortable with his income
of $8 a day, and that, therefore, a clerk should be
comfortable with his $3 a day. Let me say that
this business in which we are now engaged, is not
the profession of our lives, but the accident of our
position. While a clerk may be content with $3,
and we might be content with that sum, we stiil
should have the great advantage over that clerk,
that we have our employments, our pursuits, our
incomes elsewhere; and we have, sir, besides, what
every man here, I presume, will estimate above
the mere price, mere hireling wages, the consider-
ation of being the legislators of the nation, and
telling how much the clerk shall have for his ser-
vices. Why, sir, are we to stand here and meas-
ure the incomes of other persons by the per diem
that we receive? or are we to elevate our position,
or to consider it elevated by the pinnacle upon
which our constituency has placed us ? Sir, the
clerk in one of these Departments has to pay en-
larged prices for his food from the very fact that
we are here eating the market out; those who
come to legislate, and those who come to direct
legislation, all have to feed, and every pound of
mutton that they eat adds to the price of the mut-
ton that the poor clerk eats.
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, I am satis-
fied that I am already branded with being illiberal
by my opposition on other occasions to proposi-
tions of this sort. But, sir, I hold this doctrine,
that I would rather have the credit of being just
than liberal. It is for that purpose that I rise
here upon this floor to advocate carrying out prin-
ciples of justice, not of liberality. What are we
asked to do here upon this floor? To be liberal
with what? To be liberal with the money of the
people of the United States. If we wish to show
our generosity, let us put our hands into our own
pockets, and we will practice generosity that will
be our own. Sir, who pays these clerks? Whose
money pays them ? How is it raised ? Is it
picked up in the streets like stones? If so, I
would vote them the largest sums they could de-
mand. But, sir, whilst I am upon this floor, I
cannot forget that I represent the mechanics, and
workingmen, and farmers of a State where there
is not one man in a thousand who can make $500
a year; and it is their money that you now call
upon me to take out of their pockets to increase
the salaries of these men who get $1,000 a year.
I ask honorable Representatives oh this floor to
represent their constituents at home. We are here
to represent our districts, and the whole people.
We are here to stand up in the face of an oppo-
sition arrayed against us by the inhabitants of this
District, that paralyzes the arm of almost the
boldest of us. But, sir, I intend, as all the other
Representatives of this nation should do, to look
to the interests of the whole country. There is
not m the whole United States, taking the whole
country over, one man in a thousand who can
earn $500ayear. How do they live? The prices
of provisions have risen everywhere, all over the
country. The gold of California acts on every
section of the country. Why, then, are we asked
to take money out of the pockets of the people,
and to decrease their means of livelihood, for the
benefit of these men? Talk about sympathy with
the laboring man, and at the same time put your
hand in his pocket and increase his taxation, for
the benefit of a few individuals, who only work
five or six hours a day! Wny, sir, these labor-
ing men, who only earn from §300 to $500 a year,
work ten, twelve, and sixteen hours a day. And
is this your generosity ? Is this generous? Iap-
peal to the nation if it is generous to tax the whole
country for the benefit of a few individuals—fa-
vored politicians, who seek for places? They tell
us that they cannot live here. Well, let them
leave, and live as people do in other portions of
the country. We can find plenty of men to fill
their places, and do their work for what they now
receive, and be glad of the job.
Then, sir, I ask that justice shall be done to the
whole countiy—justice, even-handed justice. If
men wish to be generous, let them put their hands
in their own pockets and give their own money.
Is there any generosity in giving away other peo-
ple's money? None at all. It is injustice; and it
is upon that ground that I oppose it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If tnere be no objection,
I will now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. i object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Chand-
ler's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to strike out all of
the proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee,
except that in relation to the $1,000 clerks. If I
understood the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry,] this amendment is pro-
posed under the emergency of the increased price
of living in this District, that has supervened
during the current year, and that may reach into
the future. I have offered this amendment for
the purpose of making the provision correspond
with the intentions of its honorable mover. The
amendment, as offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, seems to contemplate a difference be-
tween the demands of the different clerks for food.
If the reason assigned by him is the correct reason
for introducing it, still, there does not appear to
be a correct mathematical ratio established in this
amendment for the grade of the stomachs of these
clerks. [Laughter.] It provides, for the $1,000
clerks, an increase of twenty per cent.,and for the
$1,200 or $1,600 clerks, an increase of fifteen per
cent. Now, has the honorable member from Ten-
nessee ascertained that this is the precise differ-
ence between the stomachs of the $1,000 and the
$1,600 clerks? [Laughter.] For if he has not
ascertained that fact, his amendment involves over-
justice or under-justice. It is doing justice to the
$1,000 clerks, and over-justice to the balance.
Now, sir,when these clerks were appointed, a phys-
iological examination was made. Now, we had
no idea that the $1,600 clerks had larger stomachs
than the $1,000 ones. [Laughter.] We supposed
they were all placed upon the same common phy-
siological platform. [Great laughter.]
But, sir, if I am correct in this hypothesis that
the same physiological laws are common to them
all, then the $1,600 clerks have obtained their al-
lowance already. If it is true that the $1,000
clerks require twenty per cent, more to fill their
stomachs, then it is equally true that the $1,600
clerks have got theirs full, and a little more al-
ready. [Laughter.] Now, I am willing to take
it for granted that the honorable mover of this
amendment took his measure of the stomachs of
the $1,000 clerks, and found that it would require
twenty per cent, more to fill them. If that is so,
I am willing to vote them this twenty per cent, in
addition to what they already receive; but I am
not willing to force the $1,600 clerks to gorman-
dize. [Renewed laughter.] It is all wrong, sir.
I think there is a little fund of natural philosophy
in the amendment I propose, and I trust the mover
will see it in the same light.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, it will be re-
membered that Congress found it necsssary in
1812, 1813, 1814, and 1815, to make an addition
to the salaries of the clerks in the Departments.
The same addition was again made in the year
1837, under the auspices of the Hon. Uave
Johnson, who is known to be a renowned econo-
mist. In that year a law was passed adding from
ten to twenty per cent, to the salaries of tlie dif-
ferent clerks, where the salaries were less than
$'2,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in the present state of
things, I have an ehtire conviction that it is abso-
lutely impossible for a clerk with a family of five
or six to live—notwithstanding the calculations
and testimony of my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Fowler] to the contrary—on less
than $1,200 a year.
I now propose to institute a comparison between
a captain of the Army, of the cavalry corps, living
here in the city of Washington, and one of the
clerks in a Department, having five or six children.
A captain in the Army, including his pay of $50
per month, receives from the Government pro-
vision for his rations, his quarters, his fuel, pay
for his servant's clothing, and forage for two horses,
amounting in all to $1,965. Now, take a clerk at
Washington who is a husband, with a fumilv;
allow him $250 foi rent—suppose there are six
persons—allow them 20 cents per day each for
marketing; for clothing $30 each—the same as is
allowed a servant in the Army—and it will require
$1,194 75 in order to bear his expenses, allowing
nothing for riding in omnibuses in rainy weather;
allowing nothing for occasionally asking a friend
to come and take tea with him; in short allowinghim
nothmgforanypersonalindulgence. Add to this,
there is a law of the United States prohibiting the
clerks in many of the Departments from participa-
ting in any other business. I do not know whether
this regulation extends to all the Departments or
not, but it certainly does to the Treasury Depart-
ment. Now, sir, there are few having the finan-
cial experience and tactics of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowler;] and until we have
all become learned in the same school of economy,
until we all have the same degree of wisdom, and
until we have all been brought up in the same
honorable state with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, we are not qualified to live upon the same
per centum with him. For one I am prepared to
vote for the amendment of the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Gkntry,] to increase
the salaries of the employees of the Government
who are salaried officers, bound down by their
duties to a particular place, and who are not per-
mitted to seek any other employment. They
should be preserved from temptation, by affording
them a reasonable compensation; for men who
have the fears of poverty staring them in the face
cannot serve the Government faithfully; men who
have these temptations constantly surrounding
them, living in want, can scarcely be honest if
they have money intrusted to them. If they are
fiscal agents they must be raised above want. If
they are accountants they must be placed beyond
the temptation to make false accounts. I say,
therefore, that it is economy as well as justice for
us to increase the salaries of all persons having
salaries less than $1,200; and I believe the propo-
sition of my friend from Tennessee to increase the
salaries of clerks with salaries up to $2,000, is a
reasonable and proper one, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Cartter.'s
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Goodenow and Hart were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRENTON offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
And that from and after the 4th day of March, 1853, it
