1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
to gratify national vanity, by beating John Bull in
a boat-race across the Atlantic. There is not much
else in it after all.
Now, I should be very well pleased to beat
John Bull in a boat-race, or in any other race, if
it could be effected without'this hot-house process
of forcing; if it could be done by the natural
growth of the skill, and the ingenuity? and the en-
terprise of our people. If we could beat him in
that way it would undoubtedly gratify nj,y national
pride. The trial is not now to be made for the first
time; it has been tried before, and we know that,
fiving us an equal chance, we can and will beat
ohn Bull anywhere. It is not necessary we
should be at the expense proposed by this amend-
menfto settle that point; and I conceive that this
experiment is too expensive to recommend itself
to our favor.
■ But, then, what is really the measure, and what
'is the objection to it? It cannot be disguised that
it is an open, palpable monopoly, granted to a
.private company, in order to enable it to compete
with others who navigate the Atlantic ocean. J
have heard nothing- in the arguments of any Sen-
ator upon this floor which lias removed the diffi-
culty.' If I understand it, you propose to give
this company something like §7,000,000 in the
course of- eight years to come, to enable them to
carry your mails across the Atlantic ocean'. Well,
what is that ? What is the great principle of free-
trade, except it is that you shall purchase in the
market where you can buy the cheapest? I be-
lieve that is a leading doctrine of that creed. Will
not,.your mails be carried unless you grant this
large amount of money for the purpose of enabling
ydur steamers to compete with those of Great
Britain? If I understand it, it is conceded that
they will; but then the consequence will be that
the mails will be carried in British steamers.
Very well, provided they can do it cheaper than
we can,, and if they will perform it as well, on the
principles of,free trade, I do notsee that w.e should
complain of that. It cannot be disguised but that
it stands on the same principles as protection
stands 'upon in all other cases. How can you
distinguish it from protection to your great iron
interests or to your manufactures generally? It
stands, and is really argued here, upon the same
principle. What is the reason that we are asked
to give-some $7,000,000 in the course of the ensu-
ing eight years to sustain this line? Why, we
are told that unless we do, Great Britain will do
the service with her steam-ships. And why will
she do it unless we grant this aid ? Reasons are
assigned. It is said that labor is cheaper in Great
Britain, that c^al is cheaper, that engineers can be
hired at a cheaper rate there than in this country,
and that insurances can be obtained at about half
the price which must be paid here. That is the
course of argument by which this amendment is
attempted to be sustained; and I am astonished
to. see those who are the strenuous advocates of all
other kinds of free trade avowing their intention
to' vote for this amendment, for it seems to me to
be a direct impeachment of that doctrine.
I say-not these things because I am not myself
an advocate of the principle of protection gener-
ally, for I am an advocate of that principle; and
my national pride is not gratified at all by attempt-
ing to forceup this line of steam-ships like a hot-
house plant; for I know that if the vast powers of
this nation are brought to bear upon this especial
interest, we may beat out Great Britain or any
other country. But, regarding this project in the
light in which it appears to me, that of a mere
monopoly, which comps into direct antagonism
with the navigating interest generally, I think
this amendment ought not to pass, for we cannot
disguise the fact, that it is a monopoly. It seems
to me to be the rankest injustice to confer this
boon uponthesepropnetorsof steam-ships in con-
flict with all the other navigating interests of the
country. It is said, perhaps, that this appropria-
tion is merely for the carriage of your mails across
the Atlantic. But, sir, these huge steamers can
carry many other things across the ocean besides
your mails. I have no knowledge of such matters
myself, but it must be very clear that such im-
mense vessels cannot be required for that purpose.
I should like that some gentleman understanding
it should tell me how much of these monstrous
steamers are to be occupied with the mails. I do
not know how it is with regard to the fact, but it
seems to me that the mails cannot very much in-
cumber them. I suppose that -in addition to the
carrying of the mails, they will be freighted with
the costliest merchandise to an immense extent,
thus coming in direct conflict with other naviga-
ting interests; and so far as that is likely to be the
case, I hold it to be rank injustice to them; and no
argument which I have yet heard in favor of this
appropriation has been strong enough to remove
this objection in my mind.
Mr. President, if you desire to compete success-
fully with Great Britain, I think I see a way in
which it can be done—a way which will not min-
ister to national vanity m this manner, but which
will minister to the laudable pride of any man
who truly loves his country. If you will protect
the industry, and talent, and ingenuity of our peo-
ple generally, instead of according your protection
to some special interest, as in this case, making an
atiocious monopoly, you may m a few years
bring us as far in advance of Great Britain as our
magnificent rivers, and our country generally, are
superior to hers. Give our people an equal chance
with the people of Great Britain, and there is
no doubt that your national pride will be gratified
—not your paltry national vanity in regard to a
boat-race, but in regard to those permanent advant-
ages which will administer to the just pride of any
lover of his country. In that I will go with you
to the fullest extent; but when you ask us to grant
this enormous boon, for the purpose of bolstering
up- the interests of this particular company to the
injury of other interests, it seems to me to be rank
injustice, and for one, I cannot lend my support
to it.
There is another reason why I cannot, as a
Western man, vote for this measure, and that was
the principal reason that induced me to make any
observations upon the subject. Jt is because, as
a Western man, I have looked at the neglect, and
I think I may say the injustice of this Govern-
ment, in fostering any great Western interest,
while you propose to grant this enormous appro-
priation for the mere purpose of carrying your
mails across the Atlantic. About twenty years
ago—I recollect it very well—this Government,in
a fraternal spirit, undertook to cherish the great
interests of the West. They commenced a sys-
tem of internal improvement, of improvement to
our rivers, and of improvement to our harbors;
and the Government was at an enormous expense
in procuring machinery to cairy all these greatand
beneficent purposes into execution; and they pro-
gressed to some considerable extent in it. They
built harbors along the coast, but did not complete
them. They had only just commenced the great
measures they had prepared to perform; and some
sixteen or seventeen years ago, with all this ex-
pensive machinery for carrying out these meas-
ures, it came into the head of the Government,
somehow or other, that there was fresh water only
in the lakes.
All at once, this expensive machinery was
packed up together, and Uncle Sam—if I may so
express myself—like an absconding debtor, sold
out the whole of it at a mere nominal price, and
abandoned that part of the country; and he has
not been seen there since. We have advertised
for him; we have petitioned for him; and endeav-
ored in every way to ascertain where Uncle Sam
had gone; but we have not seen him there since,
and L suppose it was with the view of ascertaining
his residence, that certain interesting questions,
as was reported, were addressed to the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in
1848, amidst " noise and confusion."
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him? This is an old friend of ours, and
[ believe I haveaprescriptive right to get up when
those words are uttered. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator if he ever saw Governor Wood's
letter on that subject?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I have seen it.
Mr. CASS. Then I would ask if the Senator
ever read the letter?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I have read it.
Mr. CASS. Then the gentleman knows there
is no truth in the story.
Mr. WADE. I understood that the Senator
contradicted the statement, and, of course, I said
that there was no truth in it.
I suppose that the queries on that occasion,
grew out of the anxiety of our people to learn the
whereabouts of Uncle Sam, and they thought the
distinguished Senator from Michigan might know
as well as any one else. But these-questions are
no less pertinent now than they were then, and
there is no particular " noise or confusion" in
this Senate chamber 
Mr* CASS. Not a bit/
Mr. WADE. And the Senator proposes now
to give seven millions of dollars within. the next
eight years, for the purpose of building up and
fostering this line of steam-ships?'
Mr. CASS. No, sir, I do not. >
Mr. WADE., It will amount to but very little
less than that. ...
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will allow rhe to
ask him a question, I should like to know if he
lias read the contract, and whether he knows that
all the revenue from postages goes to the Govern-
ment?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I understand all that.
Mr. RUSK." Then, how can the Senator say
that the whole is given to the company?
Mr. WADE. I do not know how much will
ever get back tothe Government again; gentlemen
do not know themselves, and they do not pretend
to tell us. The honorable Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] informed us that he had reason to
believe that this project would ultimately remuner-
ate the Government for the outlay,though he said
it was matter of opinion. - _ .
Mr. RUSK. I showed the reasons;" I showed
the receipts at the Post Office Department.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, you showed the re-
ceipts of the Post Office Department, but you are
obliged to make the supposition that there will be
required an enormous increase, in order to cover
the expense which is to be incurred. It is a mere
matterof opinion, and the very fact that these gen-
tlemen are asking for this bounty after, they have
made the trial, is ample proof that they cannot
sustain themselves now, and whether .they eyejc
will or not, must remain a matter of opinion.
Then, the Senator from Michigan does propose
to give his support to a measure which is to take
from the Treasury of the United States, within
the next eight years, not much less than $7,000,000,
and all for the purpose of enabling this steam com-
pany to compete with Great Britain in the carry-
ing of the mails across the Atlantic. That is all
there is of it; and now the question that I am
about to propose to the distinguished Senator,
seeing there is no " noise and confusion" here
now, is, whether he will go along with me-whether
he believes it is constitutional, just, and reasonable
that the same amount shall be appropriated within
the same time towards the construction and im-
provement of our harbors, and the improvement
of our rivers in the West and Southwest?
Mr. CASS. Does the honorable Senator from
Ohio wish me to answer him now?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; and I want to know
whether I can count upon the aid of the Senator
from Michigan, at this session, for such an ob-
ject.
Mr. CASS. The Senator talks about that as he
does about my old friend, the "noiseand confu-
sion." Let me say on that point, that my views
were fully disclosed at the last session of Con-
gress. 1 shall vote for any reasonable appropria-
tion for internal improvements, the items of which
have been examined and reported by the War
Department. 1 shall vote for any such bill, which
does not extend the appropriation to an unreason-
able amount; but I am not in favor of establishing
a great system of internal improvements, either
for harbors or rivers. When such abill as I have
indicated comes up, I shall vote for it.
Mr. WADE. I am very happy to hear it. I
had no doubt -the Senator from Michigan would
do so. I am glad to hear his response—glad that
his " position," in this respect, " is defined." I
rejoice that I may count on his support of these
great measures of internal improvement. I am
somewhat surprised, sir, that after six months of
the session have expired, not a single word has
been heard of any such measures, and yet our
harbors on Lake Erie are running down and
going to ruin; and for sixteen or seventeen years
we have not been able to obtain one single cent
from the Treasury to maintain them.
But, sir, it is said that this is a great war meas-
ure, and that we ought to maintain it as an arm
of the national defenses in times of war with Eng-
land. Sir, it is of infinitely more importance to
us that we build up and maintain our harbors on
Lake Erie and the other lakes, which divide us
