4304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
from the shore of the British provinces. What •; beating John Bull m a race across the Atlantic; ,
Sa^XVc s: of a wir now, when our but you will beat him everywhere, and put your I
sailors on the lakes have to combat the elements country as far and as permanently above his as
S well as an enemy, and have no harbor—no your means are superior to lus. ....
Xcl of safety to fly to in case of storms? What I know, sir, that a very patriotic appeal was
should we do in such a case, seeing that the Gen- made to the Senate by the Senator from,Michigan,
eral Government has virtually withdrawn its con- j He talked of war; he talked of mmisteung to our
sideration from ali such improvements and de- (< national^pride, and^called it patriotism to undertake
fenses? "Taik of'war with Great Britain!- and let' to beat joatn Bui. by fostering and building up this
me ask whether it is not a matter of infinitely . one special interest at the expense of the wlKne
more importance that you shoukl buildup some I country. I have no pride nor vanity of that kind,
place to which your ships could resort on these , I have as much national pride, and as much tuix-
lakes where your commerce is scarcely'inferior to j iety to see this country in advance of every other
what it is" oil the Atlantic coast itself? Is not that , country in the world, as any other man; but 1 can
of'as much importance as to try this miserable
experiment of fostering these steamers for war
purposes? Sir, no two men are agreed as to
whether these steamers will be of any kind of ad-
vantage in time of war, I know thai you can get
a delegation from our Navy Board to report any-
thing you please. It is precisely Hke getting the
country
not be deceived by any of these hot-house opera-
tions—not at all. I want to see the country placed
in a condition m which it will grow up prosper-
ously, and supersede others without partial favors
being bestowed by the Government on particular
and special interests. Besides, as I have already
emarked more than once, i think it would be doing
opinion of an attorney in a case. None of them ,i injustice to other navigating interests on the At
have the least experience in regard to such mat- ! lanuc. ' Ihese enormous steamers rawing every
te^g r r week,, must come 111 ruinous competition with other
i know nothino- of war, or of naval operations, j! shipping interests not fostered by the Government,
nor do I nrofess °o know anything about them; j! Anybody can.see that. ■
but-any man of the least common sense, at the | I believe, Mr. President, that we have had some
very first glance at these steamers, would perceive j, remonstrances hereon that subject,yet 1 hfve not
that they were not designed for the purposes of j| heard u single word said about them. Sir, It 1
war. Nor- are they compatible with it at all. ij am not mistaken, we have had a great many of
Why onecannon ball, raking the paddle-wheels- 1 *'
which form a most palpable mark-—of one of those j
steamers, would cripple her as effectual!1 v as a man .!
could cripple a goose on the wing. Talk about ij
their utility as vessels of war! 1 know they would
not. be of the slightest use. ;
Again, if you look at the furniture of these !
boats, do they look as if they were calculated toi
the rude conflicts of war? They are lilted up with • ■
expensive mirrors, which would gracc the palace •
of a prince, and nil the other furniture is on a j
similar scale. Yet they speak of' these vessels as
being fit for war! I have heard of an elephant in I
a china shop, but [ think his lavages among the j
brittle ware would be fully equaled by the raking i
of a cannon shot through this furniture. I wish .,
I knew the expense of furnishing these boats. No
these remonstrances presented here from wiriouS
branches of the shipping interest, showing that
those who were not protected by the Government,
are materially injured by the protection which is
given to this favored company; that they were
injured by these boats running once a week in op-
position to them, and coming in conflict with then
interests. This is a proposition too plain to be
argued; anybody can see that this protection
would be rank injustice to the other shipping in-
terests. Sir, I wish to see a disposition on the part
of this Government to build up and foster the great
West, to which 1 belong. You have withdrawn
from the West all aid for more than sixteen years.
The voice of the Government has not been heard
there; and I cannot consent to grant this enormous
sum to the Atlantic coast until I see at least a dis-
position to do something for us. Then, sir, I am
one has told us anything about, that as yet, but a . , _ ....
bare inspection of them will show that, they are' j disposed to be liberal; for no man will rejoice in
better calculated for
of war. [Laughter _
designed for that purpose, , . . - , , . - .
it, they were not intended for the rude conflicts of ij that m the West, the justice due to that section o_t
war, They are much better calculated to lbster
and minister to the luxury of those wealthy citi-
zens who desire to cross 'the Atlantic at a cheap
rate; and that, too, at the expense of the hard-
handed laboring man. That is the design: and
! the country has been shamefully neglected,
j do not hesitate to say that,and I call upon raem-
j bers of this Senate who live along the Mississippi
: river and its tributaries, and along the shores of
the great lakes of the West, to join with me, and
every cent that is paid out of the Treasury for these ij put a face of brass against any further expendi-
ships is drawn from the pocket of the poor labor- !' ture along the Atlantic, coast until a disposition is
ingman,to minister to the luxurv of persons who ! shown to do justice to us. When that disposition
choose to cross the Atlantic.. Talk about war! 1 is shown, we will talk with you, and we will be
There will be no war with England—none at all. 1 I'beml with you; but until that is done, I will not
I know that the distinguished Senntorfrom Miclu- j consent to give you another dollar to foster and
gan [Mr. Cass] always talks about a war with build up your navigation interests. Tsour ship-
- ' " ' -.it.,.-, ping interests, if I am not greatly mistaken, is now
protected, and ever lias been, under this Govern-
ment, while all other interests have been compar-
atively neglected.
Then I cannot consent to go any further until
England; but there will be no war with England
as long as you permit her to reap all the benefits
of free trade. There will be no war with England
as long as she can give dinners to your Walkers,
and other free-traders. As long as she can retain ,
her influence over that class of men England will ,i a disposition is shown here, earnestly, sincerely,
not go to war.  •- •*-- L-- u-' --
A Senator, You are right.
Mr. WADE. I know I am right. You c moot
kick Great Britain into a war while you permit her
to enjoy all the benefits of'-free trade with this
country.
We all know how we can humble the prde of
Great Britain, and that is by giving protection to
labor generally, and not by undertaking to run a .
boat-race with her. That will do no good. You 1 diately under my own observation; but I have no
doubt the same obstruction meets the eye of every
Senator here, in his own locality, upon the streams
to do justice to us in the West. Everybody
knows, sir, that immense losses in property occur
every year upon the lakes for the want of harbors
to which our sailors can resort in time of rough
weather and storms. We all know the serious
obstructions along the Ohio river, and particularly
that which has existed for years, for the want of
a little help from the Government, at the falls of
the Ohio river. These things come more imme-
will not humble the pride of Great Britain if you
do run such a race, and even heat her. Sir, from
the shores of Canada they can see your utter na- ,
kedness; and while you are putting forth all your
power to beat that country in a boat-race across
the Atlantic, and while its people see the mioner .
in which you neglect other interests, John Bull is ;;
shrewd enough to see your folly and to lai-gh at i
it. He likes very well to cater to your vanity at
such a price. But, sir, go along with me, a.'d we ;
will do John Bull substantial injury, and build up
our own interests, and our own country, to such
an extent that no man will want the vanity of i
in which he has an interest. They all want the
fostering and protecting arm of the Government,
and that they have not had lor twenty years past.
Our people call for it in vain, and almost six
months of this session have passed by, and I have
not heard a woid about it; though they are call-
ing for enormous sums along trie Atlantic coast
and along the Pacific coast for all sorts of projects.
There are your dry-docks, and your marine rail-
ways, and you have expeditions to Japan, and
you can go over the whole land and ransack heaven
and earth for the purpose of finding an interest to
be fostered, but you do not yet know that you
have a West.
Mr. CLARICE. You happen to know it.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, thank God, 1 do hap-
pen to know it; and if .1 can, I shall try to make
it'understood. I wish to see that great interest
brought up. I do not intend to be illiberal; I will
minister, so far as my voice and my vote can con-
tribute to-it, to the building up of every great na-
tional interest in every part- and parcel of this
Union, I care not where it may be located.
But- I know the West and Southwest have been
shamefully neglected; and when you talk to me
about engaging m- the doubtful project of rearing
up a great monopoly on the Atlantic coast, and
bring it in conflict with others, until you have at
least shown a disposition to do justice by the
West, you cannot have my support. I will not
say that under any circumstances I would support
| a measure like this; because 1 do not think it is
I just. 1 do not believe in fostering one company
of men and giving them such an enormous sum
of money for the purpose of enabling them to com-
pete with Great Britain oranyhody else. If Great
Britain can cairy our mails so much cheaper, on
the principles of free trade, I would say. let them
do it. You say you can buy your iron cheaper m
England than you can here. - Then why should I
protect you ? If the mails can be carried cheaper
than at present, why not, on the same principle,
allow Great Britain to doit? The fact is, that the
free-trade principle is either conect or incorrect,
There is no principle applicable to the trade in
iron, coal", or to manufactures generally, which is
not equally applicable for the purpose of carrying
the mails. No.Teeuit can draw the line of demar-
cation on this point, and no Senator has attempt-
ed to do it.
These steamers are spoken of as likely to prove
an important branch of the naval service, alihough
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Huxter] has
shown as plainly as argument can show, and as
plainly as the experience of naval men can show,
that they would not be worth a straw in time of
war; arid that comports with what the common
sense of every man, even though he were not a
naval man, would render apparent. But that was
not the object. If the object was merely to carry
the mails, then they can be carried at a much less
expense than the amendment proposes. Further,
if the object was to carry the mails, there was no
necessity for this costly furniture, this thousand
dollar mirror, and those other articles of luxury
which have cosl such enormous sums. If your
object was anything more than this, then these
articles are equally useless, and show that there
is no intention to use these vessels us war steam-
ers; but,that the idea is to foster and build up this
line with special privileges to conflict with every
other interest in the country. I, for one, will
never consent to it.
Mr. BAYARD said: Mr. President, had this
debate closed during the last week, I should not
have been disposed to trouble the Senate with any
reinnrks on the merits of the appropriation recom-
jj mended by the committee for the support of the
i j line of steamers between New York and Liver-
pool, called the Collins line. As it is, however,
I shall endeavor to occupy ihe attention of the
Senate but a brief period while presenting my
views with reference to the question.
From the very high estimate 1 have formed of
the statesmanlike qualities of the honorable and
distinguished Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] arising from a close observation of his polit-
ical course since I have been a member of this
body, and anterior to it, and from the profound
i respect 1 have for his judgment, ' differ from him
with both hesitation arid regret; and I aceede„also,
' to the truth of most, if not all, of the general rules
of policy stated in the very able address which he
made to the Senate. I admit, too, that, as a gen-
eral rule, the less a government interferes in mat
ters ofindividual enterprise and individual compe
tition, the wiser the policy. But it is not alone in
the assertion and vindication of general principles
that the sagacity of the statesman is tried; it is
taxed to a far greater extent in the application of
those principles practically, with their proper
modifications and limitations, to the varied affairs
of the world. Fickleness of policy on any subject
is a source of injury to any nation, and. to a great
nation, it is a disgrace.
