392-
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
ever known. There are hundreds of practical
printers in the United States, and why are Donel-
son & Armstrong inserted expressly m this reso-
lution ? What are their capabilities for perform-
ing- this work? What are their prices likely to
be? How many copies of this census report are
we to have published ? Before we rush blindfold
into this matter, ami authorize the Committee on
Printing to negotiate this contract, let us at least
know something of the expense to which we are
to be put. The Superintendent of the Census has
prepared, or is engaged in preparing, a volume
with regard lo the census of the State of Mary-
land. I understand that volume is to be about
the ordinary size of a volume of the Congressional
Globe—not, perhaps, as large a« that of the first
session of the last Congress, but about the size of
that of the second session. It will be a consider-
able sized folio volume. That is what I under-
stand. I may be mistaken, but that is my belief.
1 understand that it contains a historical account
of every county in the State of Maryland, besides
a complete account of the census of that State,
involving all of the one hundred questions wln<h,
by a law of the last Congress, the deputy mar-
shals were required to ask every individual, or at
least every head of a family. Now, if a similar
account is to be furnished of every State in the
Union—and if this is done for one State it
should certainly be done for all the States—then
we shall have thirty-one folio volumes, each
of which will comprise the census of one State
alone; and if one hundred thousand copies, or
perhaps more likely five hundred thousand cop-
ies, we shall involve the country in an expense
for printing, amounting to millions of dollars.
We are gomg, blindfold, to make this enormous
appropriation, and I do not know for what pur-
pose. How many copies, I will ask the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Gorman',]
is it proposed to publish ? How many volumes is
it expected it will make? And how much money
is it proposed to appropriate for that purpose?
Unless this informa'ton can be given, 1 will never
consent to give the power which is asked for
m this resolution to any committee however re-
spectable, or however honest—and none can be
more so than the present Committee on Printing—
never, sir! What does this resolution propose?
It proposes to give the Committee on Printing
power to enter into an arrangement with Messrs.
Donelson & Armstrong—two gentlemen whom I
do not know—they may be very worthy men and
excellent punters. 1 behve they are the editors of
the Ihiion. The committee have no discretionary
powem. They cannot call in anybody else. If
other printers offer lower or bettei terms, they can-
not accept them. lint they are required to make
a colliract with Donelson iV. Armstrong. They do
not teil us befoiohnnd, nor do we limit them in the
extent of the coutiwt. Why, we ou^ht at least
to insrit, " Piocitfed, that the expense shall not
exceed so miii'li," oi, " Provided, the number of
copies .shall not exoeed so many.5' I do not be-
lieve we ought to give an unlimited power to con-
tract in this matter, and thus to voto away the
public money to any man, or set of nir n, however
lionovable, or however honest, their character
may be. That is a power which belongs exchisi\e-
ly to this Mouse, and we have not the right to
delegate it to others. I do not believe any gen-
tleman will he able to answer these questions,"and
unless we leceive this information. J wiil never
consent thatwc should rush on, blindfold, to incur
this enormous expense now. Suppose this turns
out to be a profitable job. Tins Committee on
• Printing have the power to go on, and employ
Donelson & Armstrong to print as many copies of
these thirty-one volumes as they please—for all
the States ought to stand upon the same footing.
If this history of each county is given to Maryland,
it should also be given to Virginia, and New York,
and Pennsylvania, and Ohio, and every State in
the Union. Every State lias as muchiv^ht to have
the details of its resources and statistics"spread out
at length and printed, as the Scate of Maryland
has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will ask the
gentleman from Maryland if it is his understand-
ing that there is to be a volume made out for every
State, as lar^e as the Congressional Globe, ?
Mr. EVANS. I do not know. The resolution
does not st.ite. But I can teil the gentleman that
they are preparing a volume for the State of Ma-
ryland about that size; and if a like volume is pre-
pared for every State it will make thiity-one vol-
umes.
Mr. JONES. If that is so, I will vote against
having them printed at all.
A Voice. That for Maryland is prepared as
a model volume,
Mr. EVANS. I understand that volume is to
be a model volume. So we are perhaps to have
thirty-one volumes. I suppose we shall have at
least one hundred thousand copies published.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him whether the vulume
which is being prepared is for the census priming
or for the State of Maryland I y
Mr. EVANS, As a part of the census returns.
Mr. STANTON, I understand that the whole
returns will not make a volume larger than the
Congressional Glebe for the last long session of
Congiess.
Mr. EVANfeb I do not understand so. But
I do not want any gentleman to uudeistand me as
denying the gentleman *s assertion. It may be so.
But I do say this: we have no positive infoima-
tion upon that subject, and until wc have, we
ought not, blindfold, to adopt this resolution. 1
do assert that this model volume which is being
prepared, is not by the order of, or for the State
of Maryland, but for the use of the House and
Senate. And if such a volume is to be prepared
for Maryland, why should Ohio be neglected any
more than the State of Maryland? And if we
adopt this resolution without any knowledge of itb
extent, I know no reason why we."should not ex-
pect to see the whole thirty-one volumes. Let gen-
tlemen offer an amendment that the whole shall
be included in one volume, and that the whole
number of copies shall not exceed fifty thousand
and the expenses not more than $100,000. You
will have, then, something icasonable, and the
House will not be under the necessity of adopting
the resolution without knowing what it is about.
I now pass to another branch of this subject.
We shoidd not pass this matter by lightly. This
public printing has been the cause of much dis- >
sension here. 1 now mean to refer to the course i
pursued in the last Congress upon the same sub- |
jeet. It was asserted in the last Congress, that
Messrs. Trenholm and Belt—the public, printers i
to Congress—had violated their contract. j
[A message was here received from the Senate, ,
announcing that several bills had passed that j
body.]
Mr. E. continued. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Printing
[Mr. Gorman] has told us that the committee had
unanimously concluded thatthe present contractors
for the public printing had violated their contract
in the quality of paper upon which the printing
was done. 1 want to ask that gentleman if the
same thing was not done by the contractors for
the pnnling in the last Congtess? I want to
know if it was not proved by testimony intro-
du&m befoie a committee of this House, orgun-
i/.ecl for that espccial purpose, that Trenholm
& Belt had used paper many pounds less in
weight than that specified by the contract, viz.,
that of say fifty pounds to the ream? I want to
know if, upon any occasion, Trenholm & Bekever
used the quality of paper which they contracted
to use? I ask if Mr. Ritchie did not prove, or if
Trenholm & Belt did not—for I do not desire to
mention the name of Mr. Ritchie but with respect—
I ask if Trenholm & Belt did not attempt topiove,
by Mr. Farnbam, a bookseller and stationer of
this city, that the lighter paper which they used
was not the better paper? I want to know if he
was not allowed to go on printing upon that kind
of paper, not only without complaint, but with
the express approval and sanction of gentlemen in
this House, many of whom are now here? Yet
now, when Mr. Boyd Hamilton, of the city of
Philadelphia, has done precisely the same thing,
what do the Committee on Printing propose to
do? I think no one will deny what I say m iela-
tion to the contractors for the printing of the last
Congress. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] was a member of that committee, and
I call upon him to deny it if I am wrong.
Mr. ORR 1 will state to the gentleman that
the paper upon which Messrs. Trenholm & Belt
contracted to use was to weigh thirty-eight pounds
to the ream. They used that weighing thirty-two
pounds. I think the gentleman from Maryland j
stated that fifty pounds per ream was the weigh?
contracted for.
Mr. EVANS. I was wr ong in the weight. But
it was proved before the committee of the^ House
that these contractors used paper weighing six
pounds per ream less than that contracted for. I
made it at the time the cause of a grave and seri-
ous charge in this House, for which I subjected
myself to great censure. However, let those con-
troversies now sleep with the dead. I do not think
that any gentleman should allow any such thing"
to become indelible; let him rather strike it from
Ins memory. The fact which I desire to bring tc*
tire notice of this House is, that the same thing
which was approved m Trenholm & Belt is now
regarded by the Committee on Printing as a great
crime in Mr. JJoyd Hamilton. Now, what are we
todo with the public printing? Up to the Twenty-
ninth Congress it was given to the fortunate news-
paper editors.of both politico! parties by the way of
jobs, and it had been a source of great corruption.
That Congress determined to put a stop to all the
iniquity which had or might spring out of the pub-
he printing. It was therefore determined by that
Congress that the public printing should be there-
after let out to the lowest bidder, it determined
that the old system of corruption and patronage
should be done away with, and that the printing:
should be let out to the lowest bidder who would
give good security. Well, what was the conse-
quence of that change? Messrs. Wendell &> Van
lienthuysen, residents of Albany, in the State of
New York, came on here to Washington, and
entered into a contract with the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives,
as directed by law, and they performed the public
printing at certain specified prices, and as soon as
they had finished the printing they informed the-
House that they had lost fifteen or twenty thou-
sand dollars by ihe contract. I must say they
printed the documents required to be printed by
them upon interior paper and with inferior ink;
they, did not more than ordinarily delay the pirb-
lic pinning, but did it in good time—certainly did
not delay it as much as it latterly has been—-and
they manifested in every way a spirit of determin-
ation to comply as nearly as possible with the
terms of the contract. Now let us see the effect.
Wendell & Van Benthuysen, having lost money
by that contract, did not become bidders forth©
printing of the Thirty-first Congress, if I recollect
aright—for I have not the documents by me, but.
trust to memory, and if I am not accurate gentle^
men will correct me. The bidding was to be relet
for the Thirty-first Congress. The prices of Wen-
dell & Van Benthuysen were well known, and
they had a memorial before Congress by which u
was shown how much they had lost by their con-
tract—some fifteen or twenty thousand dollars.
Now bidders had everything before them to en-
able them to make their bias fairly, honestly,
justly, and uprightly—and what was the result?
Mr. John C. Rives was one of the bidders, and
Mr. Towers, a practical printer in the city of
Washington, was another. Wendell & Van feen-
thuysen were not bidders, but Messrs. Trenholm
6c Belt, two persons entirely unknown to any-
body, except to some printers in the city of Wash-
ington personally acquainted With them, and to-
tally unknown to every member of this House,
were found to be ihe lowest bidders, and very
low bidders, considerably lower than the prices of
Wendell & Van Benthuysen, upon which prices
those parties had lost fifteen or'twenty thousand
dollars. Well, sir, Messis. Trenholm & Belt went
on with the printing, and partially executed it,
and m so doing—without meaning any unjust re-
flections upon them—if 1 recollect aright, and if I
do not I Will take occasion to correct it hereafter,
the great mass of the documents was long delayed
in the delivery, and, if I am not mistaken, the-
President's message was not delivered to us until
about the month of July or August of the long
session. It was a subject of great complaint upon
the paitof members.
Another fact was developed, and it is contained
in the sworn testimony taken before a select com-
mittee. There were certain documents laid upon
the tables of members, as specimen numbers, for
them to look at, as is usual here when public doc-
uments come out—for instance, the Patent Office
report. But documents of the same kind, in-
tended for distribution, are always left in the fold-
ing-room. Upon an examination by this select
