1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
committee it was discovered that those documents,
which were ldid upon our tables, were printed
upon good paper, and with good ink; but those
in the document-room, folded up and requiring to
be broken open in order to examine them at all,,
were printed upon paper six or eight pounds less
in weight, and with ink which cost several cents
less per pound, and were everyway different from
the contract. Here was a fraud attempted to be
played upon members and upon this House.
Now, what was the upshot of this whole mat-
ter of public printing? I must return one (noment.
It was proved in the testimony—and I go upon the
testimony and nothing else—that when Messrs.
Trenholm & Belt took this contract, and entered
into it, they declared they did not take it for the
purpose of fulfilling it, but that they expected to
make Congress siek of this whole system of con-
tract printing, and make them return to the whole
job system of giving out the public printing to
editors in this city. It is proved that they de-
clared, before they took the contract, they took it
at low prices for the very purpose of breaking up ;
the contract system. They came forward, not- j
withstanding tins proof of iniquity, and made a .
claim upon the House of Representatives, which j
would have amounted, I am told by practical I
printers, and those who understand their business, j
to {he sum of two hundred thousand dollars, be- j
cause they had a hard bargain, notwithstanding 1
they took the bargain for the purpose of breaking ;
up the contract system. lSrow, how did it event- j
uate? H turned out that TVenholm & Belt were j
men of straw. The real contractor was Mr. i
Ritchie, then the editor of the Union. Mr. Ritchie ;
was the actual cuntractor, and went securily for :
Trenholm & Beit, and thereby became his own !
security,they being merely nominal parties, and he
came forward and asked of this House indemnity,
which, it was stated, amounted to two hundred ;
thousand dollars. It was not declared that this j
was the amount in money, hut was covered up in !
indefiniteness, as it is in this resolution. What I
did he state? He acknowledged his paper did not j
weigh enough. He did not pretend to denvif,
but justified himself by saying the lighter paper !
was the better paper. The matter was discussed,
at the last Congress, elaborately and at length, by
members upon both sides of the House, and very
ably discussed too, and Mr Ritohip was, bv cer-
tain members, justified in using lighter paper.
I wish to call the attention of Congress to this
one fact, that Congress adopted the contract sys-
tem, and that contract system was faithfully ob-
served during the Twenty-ninth Congress, and
during the Thirtieth Congress Messrs. Trenholm
& Belt took the contract with the express declara-
tion that they intended to break up the system,
and force Congress to come back to the old and
corrupt system, and they neaily succeeded in it.
They got their bill through the House, and would
have got it through the Senate, but for want of
time. But it not having been done then, it be-
comes necessary for this Congress to step forward
and do it—to abandon the contract system, and
go back again to the corrupting old method of
giving it out to selscted favorites and partisan
editois.
I do not care what amount may be honorably
and reasonably realized under a fair contract by
the gentlemen named in this resolution; if they
succeed in obtaining the work, I trust they may
meet with just and proper success; neither do I
oppose the resolution because Donelson & Arm-
strong are Democrats. If I know myself, I would
say the same thing against Gideon, of the Republic,
and Gales & Seaton, of the Inlnliigenctr.
But 1 feel assured that this is a part of the old
exploded end heretofore-defeated scheme, to foice
Congiess to go hack to the old corrupt system,
and abandon the contract system. For that rea-
son they have brought in the resolution to-day,
which says we shall print tne Census, without
telling us how many volumes it will make, how
much it will cost, and how many copies, but goes
on to designate the names of the very men who
are to have it, and nobody else.
Every gentleman m this House knows that this
ought not to be. Every one is aware that a fair
field of competition should be opened to all, and
that we should give that fair arena without fear,
favor, or affection.
The honorable gentleman says the^Comnnttee
unanimously agreed that Boyd Hamilton is not
entitled to this printing. I call the attention of
the House and of the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] to the fact, that the
great effort made in the last Congress, and the
strong ground upon which Mr. Ritchie fastened
himsell, and the heft of his argument was this,
that Congress had taken the Census printing- away
from Mr. Ritchie when he was entitled to it as
public printer; at least, so it was agued upon the
other side of the House. «,Yow>, they have come
to the conclusion that the public printer is not en-
titled to this same printing. Is not that so? Mr
Ritchie argued so, and contended ably for it. I
examined this question with great care, and I think
it was the great giound he had, if he had any.
And before tins Congress is over Mr. Ritchie will
come forward in this House, and claim indemnity
upon this very ground. He will be here, my word
for it, asking that real or imaginary losses incurred
during the last Congress shall be made good to
lnm. He may perhaps obttfm it, for he is power-
ful; he holds in his control the destinies of mem-
bers of Congress. And Mr. Hamilton lias this
disadvantage, that he is no partisan editor, while
Mr. Ritchie was. Hence theie is sympathy, and i
there are votes, for the one; and no sympathy and !
no votes for the other. ;
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Was is not upon '
the ground that Mr. Ritchie was deprived of the i
printing of the proceedings in relation to the death j
of General Taylor, and of some Supreme Court '
cases, that he claimed indemnity? j
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman is mistaken. Mr. '
Ritchie sent m a letter, assenting to the printing, ;
m a northern city, of the proceedings m reference j
to General Taylor.
Mr. FULLER. Was not that after he offered
to give up the contract? And was not that o ie of j
the jobs Mr. Ritchie claimed as falling within his j
contract, and upon that ground that he claimed be- j
fore Congress that he was relieved from the con- I
tract? ;
Mr. EVANS. if the gentleman will allow me, j
I will state this—and I wish to state nothing un- ;
fair—Mr. Ritchie did certainly claim he had a j
right to print the^obituaiy notices of General j
Taylor, but he came forward voluntarily, and by !
a letter addressed to the Speaker of the House, \
expressly waived all right to perform such print- !
ing, stating that it would be much better, and j
much more speedily executed elsewhere. Thus, \
I say, he delivered a message to this House, ex- j
pressly waiving his right. j
So with legard to tne opinions of the Supreme ■
Court, m the celebrated passengex cases—Noms i
the uty of Boston—those winch, at the j
time, excited so much interest. Mr. Ritchie claimed
about 836,000 for that punting, which was very
small m amount, and was executed at a special
session of the Senate. The committee determined
that he was entitled to—say §ju00, and he was
actually paid $12,000, as I shall always believe :
wrongmlfy and improperly. Mr. Ritchie gon- I
tended that he was entitled to a dollar for every j
page, or every line—I.foiget which—of these doc- j
uments, and he sent in a bill of $36;500 for print- ;
ing these opinions of the Supreme Court of the J
United States. The committee examined it, and ;
said it came to $>00, and that was the whole j
amount he was entitled to; but they pushed it so .
strong, that the. Secretary of the Senate allowed '
Mr. Ritchie ftli/,500,moiethan twenty times what i
this contract made it. But all this is collateral to ,
the matter in question. 1
Mr. Ritchie did say that the census printing i
belonged to the public printer, and made an able ;
argument to prove it, and members of this House, a j
great body of them, assented to it, and the commit- j
tee to which it was referred, I think, reported m fa-,
vorofit. iNoWjtheCoinmitteeonPnnUiigcomesin :
and says it does not belong to the public printer.,
It did belong to the public pimter when Mr..
Ritchie wan such, but it does not when Mr. Ham-
ilton is public printer. I do not say whether it
does or does not, and this House has not inquired •
whether it does or not. It has not made a proper ,
investigation. But it becomes this House, and is ,
consistent with decency, with honor, and with,
propriety, before it passes this resolution, to in-
quire whether it does belong to the public printer,
and if it does not fall to Mr. Boyd Hamilton, to ■
mouire where does it fall, and to whom it does be-
I" f should like to have some gentleman to tell me i
why it was that the contract was not proposed to be
given to John Doe or Richard Roe, or somebody
else? That Donelson & Armstrong is put in here
is the most mysterious part of this matter. It
seems to me to be a sacrifice upon the part of
Donelson & Armstrong of a considerable portion
of that fortune they have been all their lives in
acquiring for the benefit of the Government, I
am awaie of the patriotism of our citizens, that
they will yield up their lives upon the battle-field,
that they will give away their estates for taxes,
that they will give up their all in order to support
the Government, but this seems to be a sublime
sacnticc. I never yet knew a public printer that
lias not professed to have lost money by his con-
tract, and why Messis. Donelson & Armstrong
should be picked out and pressed into this resolu-
tion to be sacrificed, to sustain the loss which
they must inevitably as public printers, and I
never knew it otherwise, 1 cannot tell. I do not
know why their destruction is resolved upon. I
protest, as the friend of Donelson & Armstrong,
with whom I am not acquainted, against their
being thrust into this losing business. JN"ow why
does not the House pass a resolution saying that
the contract shall be let out to the lowest bid-
der for cash, who comes with good security, the
Government furnishing the paper ? Look to the
State of Massachusetts, which prints highly cred-
itable documents. If gentlemen will see the books
pubhshed by order of that State, in our Library,
they will acknowledge that they are creditable.
So it is with the State of New York, oil the New
England Slates, and, I might add, of almost all
of the States. The only printing in the whole
country that is wretchedly and miserably exe-
cuted, at the highest price, is that of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It is a disgrace
to them. The English, French, and Russian
Governments furnish us with their public docu-
ments, which are magnificently printed and ele-
gantly bound. We send ours in return, which an
American would be ashamed to know in a foreign
country. If this House resolves that the census
printing shall be let out to the lowest bidder, the
Government furnishing the paper, and the con-
tractor to be paid for composition and press-work,
and nothing else, we will have it well printed,and
will ourselves get rid of the suspicion, that I am ^
sure every member will be unwilling to be attached
to himself, that Donelson & Armstrong are receiv-
ing an extraordinary pecuniary compensation.
Your contract will be well executed, and millions of
dollars, perhaps, will be saved to your Treasury.
You will receive documents in good time, and, I
will repeat, you will divest yourselves of all sus-
picion. Yourconsciences, in future time, will not
hp weighed down, as I know they will if you allow
Messs s. Donelson & Ai mstrong to be put in here.
Members are too virtuous, too intelligent to here
subject themselves to the suspicion of making a
job. 1 should like while I am upon the floor, that
somebody would tell me whv Messrs. Donelson
Armstrong are selected awl put into this resolu-
tion? I do not want Gideon, of the Republic, I
donot wantany Whig to be placed there. Tf you
make a job of the matter, say so, and let the Dem-
ocrats have it, for they have a majority here. If
you go upon principle I demand, if Boyd Ham-
ilton" is not entitled to it, that it shall be let
out by contract. Is it proposed to build up, on
the eve of a piesidential campaign, a formidable
press to be sustained out of the Treasury3 I con-
not believe it. I would disdain to see either Whigs
or Democrats in this House, building up political
power in this manner, and I know there are as
high and honorable men in the other party as are
to be found anywhere. Do you seek to build up,
on the eve of a presidential campaign, in the city
of Washington, a formidable press, the expenses
of which are to be defrayed out of the Treasury?
Is that your design?
Mr. GORMAN. I apprehend that the gentle-
man, if he will look at the proceedings of a former
extra session of Congress, he will find that the
contract was taken fiom the Democratic public
pnnteis, Messrs. Blair & Rives, when the Whig
party were m power, and §100,000 voted into the
pockets of Gales & Seaton. That is an answer to
the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. EVANS. I do not know whether that is
a fact; but the gentleman asserts and I believe it.
Mr. GORMAN. I have the vote here.
Mr. EYANS. If it be, as the gentleman states,
