1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The ordinary speed of the Collins steamers un-
der steam is 14 knots an hour, and oftentimes 15. I
sp*ak of a fact of jvhich Lam personally cognizant.
I timed them day after day for two voyages across
the-Atlantic, in the steamers Atlantic and Pacific.
I Speak of what I know with certainty. In an ordi-
naryjsmooth sea, the comrqon speed of thesevessels
under full, but. not extraordinary pressure of
s^e&m, was 14 knots an hour. Is there no differ-
ence of'comparison here in their favor? Then
compare the power of these vessels as cruisers with
this craok, screw-steamer of the British Navy.
The same account states that this screw-steamer
can carry fuel for.eightdaysinher bunkers. Shall
I'be told, then, that a vessel which can probably
outsail, .with her sails alone, a screw-steamer
using both her screw and her sails is not bet-
ter adapted for cruising purposes ? , The best time
of this crack screw-steamer, with both her sails and
her steam power, was but lOg knots, or about
twelve miles per hour. The Atlantic made nine
miles an hour with her sails alone, and with only
one fifth of • her proper canvas, and without a
bowsprit.
Shall I be told, then, that a vessel capable of!
Carrying eighteen days' fuel, instead of one capa-
ble of carrying only eight days' fuel—a vessel
running at the rate of sixteen to eighteen miles
an hour, while the other is capable of running at
the rate of twelve miles only an hour, would not
be invaluable as a cruiser ? It might be, if those
- two vessels were to home into collision in single
conflict, or in a fleet, the vulnerability of the one
would render her more exposed than the other.
The two vessels might not be equal for all the
purposes of war; but for some of those purposes
the swifter vessel would be essentially superior.
Therefore, in my judgment, these steamers are
■within the declared purpose of your policy, and
are adapted to the purposes of war.
This I judge to be the opinion of Commodore
Perry. Nor is that opinion contradicted by the
long array of evidence of British officers, brought
forward by the honorable Senator from Virginia.
They did not touch the question. They spoke of
propellers,as compared with side-wheel steamers,
for all naval uses. I concede that, for the pur-
poses of the Navy proper, a propeller is the better
of the two. With my consent, no future vessel
shall be built for the Navy which is not modeled
after the fashion of that steamer which was planned
and constructed under the superintendence of my
fallant and distinguished friend from New Jersey,
Mr. Stockton,] and which did such good ser-
vice during the war with Mexico—of enlarged
dimensions, if you will. As applied to the Navy,
I believe such would be the best mode of construc-
tion; because, in the naval service, it is essential
that a vessel should be able to enter into combat
with any vessel of equal force. The pride and
honor of the Navy demand this. The auxiliary
power, in the contingency of war, that you would
derive from the Collins steamers is, however, of
immense importance in a country like ours. Not-
withstanding the opinions cited by the Senator
from Virginia, the Government of Great Britain
has not abandoned her policy of aiding in the con-
struction of mail steamers for traversing the ocean.
She has extended it; and she has adhered, also,
to the clause which requires them to be adapted to
the purposes of war. That policy js a wise one,
in my opinion. At least, it is but a matter of
opinion and fact opposed against opinion, and the
policy has been previously ndopted by Congress.
The defect, then, in my judgment, of this objec-
tion is, that it assumes that these vessels are not
available for the purposes of war, because they
cannot be used for all the purposes of war. There
can-be no doubt as to their utility as an auxiliary
force. I am not going to repeat all the evidence
of this now. I need only refer to the statement of
Commodore Perry. He is an officer of high char-
acter, and great professional knowledge. He su-
peiintended the construction of these vessels, m
part. He gives you their dimensions, their
strength, and their slructure. He tells you that
they can be made available for purposes of war,
and he also tells you the mode in which that can
be done. He gives the reasons why they can be
made available. He gives you the cost at whicfe
it can be done, which is a mere trifle. You have
a statement as to the time in which it can be done,
from the evidence of the British experiment lately
made in th . East Indies, where such vessels weie
got ready for purposes of war in the short period j
of three days. Such a species of force is peculi- j
arly.necessary in a country like ours, in addition
to your Navy proper. I have no hostility to the
Navy proper. I would yote for appropriations to
sustain it, entirely apart from these lines; but as
an auxiliary force, I hold them to be of great im-
portance, and to be available for war purposes in
the contingency of a vvar." In this country, taking
the character of our people and the character of
our institutions, Senators canftot doubt that we
shall never be thoroughly prepared for war, until
it is actually upon us. Therefore, if the uses of
these vessels should be but temporary, if they did
but enable us to resist until we could buckle on
our armor fully in the event of a war, 1 should
still say that they were available for the purposes
of war, and were worth the full extent of their
cost to the nation.
I have compared these vessels to our war
steamers proper. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia tell me that the Susquehanna, the Missis-
sippi, and the Saranac, all, 1 believe, side-wheel
steamers, are not war steamers, and not " adapted
for the purposes of war?" Where is the differ-
ence between their structure and that of these
steamers? As I said before, it maybe that the
machinery of the Collins steamers is somewhat
more' exposed than the machinery of these frig-
ates. Jtwas mentioned that these frigates may
be somewhat more strongly built; but the speed is
with the Collins steamers, and as regards vulner-
ability, this defect in their structure for purposes
of battle, for naval engagements, rests moie in
the exposure of the wheels, which are prominent
objects—a defect common to both—than the expo-
sure of the machinery. My information is, that
even as regards the propeller, in scarcely a single I
case has one of them ever been constructed in i
which the entire machinery has been below the
water line; and in no case is it so with a side- ;
wheel steamer I conclude, therefore, that the
Collins steamers will answer for some of the pur-
poses of war, and that they were built in pursu-
ance of our policy, according to the terms of a
contract made by our Executive Department, and
sanctioned by that Department as suitable vessels,
and those which were adapted to the purposes of
war.
But the Senator from Virginia tells us that their
capacity in this respect is all a humbug, and that
as dispatch vessels, and as vessels for supplies,
they might be useful, but that it would not be
necessary to maintain them for these purposes,
because we could always command vessels enough
for these purposes from our commercial marine.
Before this policy was adopted, how did our com-
mercial marine stand as regards ocean steamers?
Was there a single sea-going American steamer
upon the ocean ? Sir, the fate of the Home and the
Pulaski, and the melancholy catastrophe which
attended their destruction, will warn Senators of
the necessity of the clause, "adapted to war pur-
poses." It tends to give strength and security to
thesevessels. Then you have, in my view, the
benefits of your policy fully developed in this line,
which has been constructed under contract. Will
you now abandon thosewho, in pursuance of that
policy, have constructed these vessels, to a ruin-
ous loss, arising out of their faithful adherence to
then contract? Is that worthy of so great a na-
tion as these United States?
Pacing from this question—for I will not fur-
ther enlarge upon it, as it w.ould consume too
much of the time of the Senate on a subject which
has been already extensively discussed—1 come
to the use of these steamers for the purposes of
the transportation of the mail. That is the pro-
longed use—that is the principal use to which they
were intended to be applied at the time you au-
thorized their construction. I come to the ques-
tion of their use in the postal service of the coun-
try, because your policy had a double object. It
was not for war purposes alone that you built
these steamers. You contemplated the contin-
gency of war; but the principal object was their
utility during the continuance of peace, for the
transportation of the mails; and for that purpose
their utility is not questioned, and it is unquestion-
able. The mail service in this, and in all coun-
tries, on land, is a Government duty,and with all
great maritime nations which have the power to
control that service on the ocean, it is as much a
Government duty, where their maritime interests
are concerned, where their extensive commerce is
concerned, as is on land the proper transportation
of correspondence. The mail service with foreign
countries, on any principle that I can appreciate,
is as much a governmental duty, and demands as
much the expenditure and the attention of the
Government.as the transportation of correspond-
ence in the interior of the country. This 1 sup-
pose to be the principal object of your policy.
Certainty and speed are essential to the transport-
ation of the mails. It cannot be doubted, then,
that these vessels are fit for the service. Compare'
the propellers with the side-wheel steamers, and
what is the result of the comparison, reasoning
not upon opinion but upon fact? It has been
tried over and over again. The average voyage
of a propeller (and there have been some very
fine ones built in England, and some here) is from
eighteen to twenty days between this country and
England; and the average voyage of a side-wheel
steamer, taking the Collins line, or the Cunard
line, is from eleven to twelve days—a difference
of nearly one half. Does the Senator suppose
that a vessel which could by one half less time
traverse the ocean, would not command the entire
transportation of letters and passengers to the ex-
clusion of a vessel which dragged after her at the
rate of two days for ofte? The argument need
hardly be urged in that point of view.
But let me compare for a moment the system
which you have adopted on land and on sea; for
the duty is the same, as regards the transportation
of your mails, whetheron land or at sea; whether
on the waters of the interior, on land in,the inte-
rior, or on the ocean. The transportation of the
mails is a Government duty. On land, what is
your system ? Where your post offices are loca-
ted between points sparsely populated, and there
is no sufficient travel to justify an expenditure for
transportation in post-coaches, you adopt trans-
portation on horseback; and in that event the
entire cost of transportation, as well as the profit
of ihe carrier, must be paid by the Government.
Wherever population is sufficiently dense, and
your communication is of sufficient importance,
then to save yourselves expense in the perform-
ance of an avowed duty of the Government, you
employ post-coaches, and you pay them such rea-
sonable compensation as, in addition to the emol-
uments the contractors may derive from passen-
gers, will enable them to transport your mails.
Post-coaches are not used for the transportation
of the mails alone, but also for the transportation
of passengers. Your object in this mode of trans-
porting the mails is to save expense to the Gov-
ernment; and there is no other object whatever.
Distinguish it if you can, in principle, from the
application of it on a larger scale, to the payment
of a line of ocean steamers for the purpose of
transporting your mails across the ocean—a line
which could not exist, from its costliness, unless
the Government aided in its establishment.
It has been objected that these grants create a
monopoly. That was the argument of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, though he did not
much enlarge upon it. It has been repeated to the
Senate to-day more than once, by the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who last ad-
dressed you. If the argument be true, I ask you
if it does not apply with equal force to the trans-
portation of your mails on the land ? I ask you
if, when you give a contract for $3,000 a year to
a line of post-coaches, you do not, on the same
principle, create a monopoly on the part of the
contractors for that line, and prevent others run-
ning in opposition to them between the same
points? Then, the whole Government action is a
series of monopolies as regards the post office ser-
vice. That is the answer to the argument. But
the argument itself comes too late. The objection
of monopoly, if true, existed as strongly when
the policy was adopted in 1847, which authorized'
the election of the steamers, as it does now, and
it would be gross injustice, and that species of
fickleness which is disgraceful to a nation, if, hav-
ing adopted that policy, and having involved indi-
vidual capital and individual fortune under your
own action, you should recklessly abandon them
to destruction, because you choose now to raise
the cry of monopoly.
But, Mr. President, this is no monopoly in any
sense of the term. The business of transporta-
tion between Europe and America was a monop-
oly before the Collins line was established. That
