394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
it was a miserable piece of swindling', and unwor- j
thy of an American Congress; I do not stand by \
iu 1 Wash my hands clean of it, for it was j
a disgrace to the country. I hope the gentle-
man will not urge that example by a former Con-
gress, for the action of the present one. Donelson
is a man of talents, and has distinguished himself
in the councils of the country, or at least in its
service abroad. I seek to take nothing from him.
1 am willing to see him prosper fairly and honor-
ably, but not by this job.
Mr* GORMAN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man, which is the most euphonious to his ear—
Gales & Seaton, or Donelson & Armstrong?
Mr. EVANS. Gales & Seaton are not more
euphonious than Donelson & Armstrong. I never
voted a job to Gales & Seaton, nor to any body
else, and. jiever will. This whole matter is all so
vague, so misty, so floating, that I cannot make
out from it any certain statistics; bat were I to
venture a guess, I would say that $500,000 profit
might be made out of this job. Here is an amend-
ment that a partisan press shall be set up, encour-
aged, and paid out of the public Treasury to
endure forever. Gentlemen will find, if that is the
design, that it will bring down this evil upon their
own heads. These men, inflated by prosperity,
having filled themselves to repletion with the pub-
lic patronage, will wreak vengeance upon some of
you. They will turn upon you if you step over
the line they have marked out, and woe unto him
who censures any doctrine they advocate, for his
political grave will be dug! That will be the pay
you will receive for your services you now do them.
Partisan editors of both parties forget when pros-
perous, their friends, and wreak their vengeance
upon those who dissent from their dogmas and
their dicta. When 1 have another opportunity
upon a similar question to this, I promise the
House to bring out all the facts with regard to the
public printing, in a speech of less than an hour
in length, and will show them such a system of
fraud and corruption as would be disgraceful to an
American Congress longer to sanction. I hope
we will do nothing of the kind proposed in the
resolution. I do not object to Donelson & Arm-
strong, if they can get it on a fair competition. As
fair competitors Jet them have it, and I will say
amen to it. I wish them success in their paper.
When under the editorship of Mr. Ritchie, and
when it was edited by Donelson & Armstrong,
it advocated principles which I professed, and sus-
tained measures which I sustained, and I honor
them for it. I believe it also maintains the great
compromise principles which have been passed
here. Those measures I defend, and those meas-
ures they have defended. The present editor, I
believe, has never forsaken the great broad Union
ground which embraces the whole government,
and for that I honor him, and wish the paper suc-
cess and prosperity; hut not for that or anything
«lse they can do will I mix in the the dirty mire of
miserable politics to give them public plunder, or
to enable any partisan press to control offices, and
finally to control the very members of this House.
Mr. Speaker, I hope the House will pardon me
for detaining them so long upon this question. 1
hope it will consider the intrinsic importance of
this proposition. I assure every gentleman, no
matter what his politics are, that if he will exam-
ine into the subject—and it will not take much
time as the documents can be all found in the pro-
ceedings of last Congress—he will find that it is
worthy of his most serious examination, and he
will discover that this one single job will come to
one twenty-fifth part of the whole expenses of the
Government. I repeat, that it is worthy of our
consideration, and I trust every one will see the
necessity of letting out this contract to the lowest
bidder, the Government furnishing the paper upon
which the matter is to be printed. We will then
get it done honorably and honestly. I move the
following amendment:
To amend by striking out "Donelson & Armstrong"
and to insert " the lowest bidder lor cash, the Govemment
furnishing the paper."
Mr. YENABLE. Mr. Speaker, I am very
much gratified—being called out of the House by
business—that I returned during the discussion of
this question. I should have been exceedingly
unwilling to have had it passed without expressing
my opinion and giving my vote upon it. When
I say this, I do not suppose that any expression
of opinion I can present will control that of indi-
viduals of this' House. But, sir, I have been at
ali times unwilling that this subject of public print-
ing should pass from before this House until the
country should understand, and fully understand,
all that was meant by this corruption fund. We
have heard gentlemen make great objections to let-
ting the printing out to the lowest bidder, which
has been denounced all around this House as a
miserable failure; and, by way of amending it, it
is proposed to let it out to the highest bidder—by
way of relieving the House from difficulty they
let it out to the highest bidder; that is, they limit
the committee; they designate the individual with
whom that committee is to make the contract, and
they cannot make a contract with anybody else.
Now, 1 should suppose 
Mr. GORMAN. The contract is to be made
upon such terms as the committee shall deem rea-
sonable. I ask my honorable friend from North
Carolina if he supposes the gentlemen composing
the Committee on Printing will make the contract
upon terms unreasonable and unjust to the country
and the Government?
Mr. YENABLE. My gallant friend is a fair-
minded man. I know he has no purpose, but a
fair purpose. Why not say, the committee shall
contract with some person to do the public print-
ing? Why give it to Donelson & Armstrong?
What claims have they upon us, or upon the
country ? Mr. Donelson has been called the ad-
ministrator of General JacHson's opinions. I say,
he is administrator not only in his wrong, but in
General Jackson's wrong. Aye, sir, he has no
claims upon me, or upon those whom 1 represent.
1 felt the influence of his power during the last
summer. I will never pay a man to whip me. 1
can get it done cheaper. [Laughter.] The Union
paper contains the highest Federal doctrines—
doctrines with which I never had any sympathy,
and never can have, and therefore it has no claims
upon me. If it held the best of principles, I
would oppose it, whether it had claims upon me
or upon those whom I represent. I oppose the
principle, by which the offer for this printing is
to be narrowed down, and the contract given
to a single individual. If there were one hundred
men in the country who sell bread, can you say
that the hungry shall trade only with one man ?
There can be no question upon that subject.
Why are Donelson & Armstrong suggested?
Do we mean to give away the public printing as
a pension ?—propose to make the public printing
a tax upon the Treasury—and say that the present
system of giving it to the lowest bidder is a bad
one ? I can differ with gentlemen upon a princi-
ple, and respect them because they nave a right
to their opinions. They assert them independently
and act upon them; but I can feel no such sympa-
thy or respect when the question becomes one of
plunder. E know where it begins, but not where
it ends. Then I ask, is the committee restricted
to a contract with Donelson & Armstrong, and
Donelson <fc Armstrong alone ? If that is so, they
have some claims upon us. Let those claims be
pointed out. Let them tell the country, and let
us all know how great pension they are entitled
to. Let us fix the amount, so if we make the set-
tlement, we will know when we are done paying.
If a pension is to be given, let us know how
much we are giving. If the contract for printing
is to open it to the world, open it to all competi-
tion, and give the committee the discretion to make
the contract with individuals who shall execute it
in the best manner and for the least sum. I will go
with my friend from Maryland [Mr. Evans] in the
proposition that the Government should furnish
paper, and we should leave nothing but the me-
chanical work to the printer—pay the printer what
his work is worth, and give him fair rates. I shall
never consent to make a sort of contract where no
man in this House but a practical printer ever
knows how much is to be drawn from the Treas-
ury for the purpose of filling the pockets of one
who has, for the time, the favor of a majority
here. The remarks made by my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] deserve thorough consid-
eration. I have seen men made public printers,
the organs of parties, and thus fixed upon them,
of whom the fabled story of Sinbad the Sailor's
" Old Man of the Sea" is a very striking illustra-
tion: He first rode by charity, and ended in de-
manding to ride by right. They are right gentle-
men at first, but there is no getting rid of them at
last. You will find them very accommodating in
their first essays in playing a tune, but soon give
you those in which you can perceive no harmony,
and which it is a great inconvenience to be com-
pelled to dance to after them. I can never consent
that the funds of this Government, which have
been collected by taxing the people, shall be taken
for the purpose of giving pensions to any indi-
vidual. While lam willing to pension the soldier,
and take care of his widow and orphans—the re-
ward of actual services—while I am willing to allow
all claims of that kind, I am not willing to select
any individual and give him the means of becoming
wealthy out of the public purse, and to place him m
a position in which he has an opportunity to form
public opinion, simply because he is an editor of a
leading journal disseminated extensively through-
out the country. I want no man to make public
opinion for me, nor do my constituents desire it.
I hope I shall never see the time when party ties
and party allegiance shall be so strongly fixed
upon me that J shall be willing to sacrifice princi-
ple for the purpose of advancing the position or
standing of any one. I do not mean,under any
circumstances, to give a vote in which I shall have
to part with the principle for the purpose of pro-
moting the aspirations of any man to the Presi-
dency. Thank God, I am foot-loose. I represent
a constituency that require me to be foot-loose,
who have returned me by a large majority. 1 am
foot-loose, and bound by no party ties or obliga-
tions which require me to abandon any principle
which I have asserted. I will take occasion to
say, while I abhor the consolidation doctrines
whictr have spread over every sheet of the Union
newspaper, while I naturally abhor and eschew
them, if the editors will do the printing any
cheaper than anybody else, they are welcome to
do it. If a Mahometan or Mormon will do the
printing better and cheaper than anybody else, I
am willing to pay for it. I trust there will be a
decided effort in this House, to keep this printing
out of the hands of any men who will be likely
to make use of so great a power in the presiden-
tial campaign. I prefer a practical printer who is
not an editor; and I hope we will not be called
upon to give fuel to kindle a fire that will give
power to any machinery which will generate a
miasma over the whole length and breadth of the
country. I take this occasion, and am glad of the
opportunity, to say, that in regard to the vote
which I shall give upon this question I consider
myself as detached from any sort of obligations
to sustain any man's pretensions for the printing;
neither will I vote for any man for the Presidency
who does not in his avowed opinions come up to
my views of what a patriotic, constitutional
American statesman ought to hold and adhere to.
I have been much entertained as well as amused,
within the last few days, by the revelations made
in the discussion between several representatives
from Massachusetts. There was disclosed by
the recrimination between those accomplices in
abolition what I always believed—that both the
Whigs and Democrats, as a party, in that State
| were^deeply hostile to the peculiar institutions of
the South. I had no interest in such a contest,
except for the information of the people whom I
represent. I shall take occasion to circulate those
speeches freely amongst them, that they may have
thehighest evidence of the correctness of those con-
clusions with which I had made them familiar in
my intercourse with them. It was a battle in
which I desired the full exhibition of prowess on
both sides, and that at the close of the combat, by-
standers would have to do the kind office of burn-
ing the slain. Governor Boutwell carried the State
because he and his friends bid higher than their
competitors at the auction. A bid of one quarter
of a dollar more by the other side would have car-
ried the day against them. The price was the
| consideration; the offices and emoluments were
j irresistible. Did the Democracy coalesce with
, the Abolitionists ? Let those representatives of
! that State who here denounce them, say why
! they voted for Mr. Winthrop? They profess to
; be satisfied with the compromise, and yet support
! Mr. Winthrop, who within a few days after the
| passage of those measures, voted in the Senate for
| a bill abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. He bid for the Abolitionists of Massachu-
setts; endeavored to revive agitation on the slavery
question, and upon that achievement was nomi-
nated as a candidate for Governor. He did not
bid enough, but showed a willing mind. Those
