1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
who supported him have but little cause to com-
plain of any tampering with Abolitionists or com-
binations with them for power. He spread the
banner of agitation to the breeze, and was sus-
tained by the Wiiigsof his State. I haveno interest
in the matter further than the truth of history is
concerned, and as a recorded evidence of what sort
of materials we are called onto rely upon in the hour
of trial. It will teach my constituents that lam no
alarmist, and that I have told them the .truth. It
is evident, from all the circumstances, that both
parties had a common purpose, but neither party
had any feeling for us. I am neither malignant nor
resentful. If my temper is excitable, it is easily
appeased; but there is one thing which I never
mean to do, and that is, to fawn upon the hand
that strikes me. No, sir, I will never do it. I
will never be brought to sustain the pretensions of
any man for the Presidency who is not a republi-
can; who does not distinctly acknowledge State
sovereignty and State rights upon the principles
of their great apostle, Mr. Jefferson; who does not
pledge himself to arrest agitation of the slavery
question, and carry out the fugitive slave law by
all the power with which he is clothed. I will
make no compromise here. I opposed every meas-
ure of the compromise except the fugitive slave
law; and I regretted that I was not able to defeat
all of them against which I voted. The State to
which I owe my allegiance, and the people whom
I represent, were willing to try the experiment
of these measures, as they had become a part
of the laws of the land. They are a law-abiding
people, and I acknowledge the authority of the will
of my people. I voted for the fugitive slave law;
and it is the only oneof the compromise measures
for which I voted. But though I acquiesce in
them, no man has a right to inquire as to whether
I do so cordially or not. I will say, that I have
changed no opinion as to the character of these
measures, and I feel now as I felt then. My con-
stituents feel now in regard to this subject, as
every good citizen ought to feel, a strong desire
for the repose of the public mind by a general ac-
quiescence in and faithful execution of these laws.
I am for preserving the Government upon the
principles of the Constitution, and for obedience
to the law in every part of the United States. So
far as f am concerned, the recipient of my vote for
President must be willing to carry out the law of
the land. I have no sympathy with those who
are disumonists per se, and have never been will-
ing to resort to the highest remedy without the
most serious cause and the general approbation of
a majority of those who felt the grievance of un-
constitutional oppression. When I differ with
gentlemen upon principle I can understand them.
It may be that I shall be compelled to act with gen-
tlemen with whom I differ as to some minor ques-
tions not involving great principles. But when it
is a perfectly clear and conclusive indication that
the difference between us will be about plunder,
and not about principle—about the disposition of
the offices and1 emoluments of Government, there
can be neither cooperation nor confidence. I repre-
sent a plain, unsophisticated, agricultural people,
who do not look to this Government for anything
by way of support. They acquire an independ-
ence by cultivating the earth. They do not look
here for laws to put money m their pockets, nor
to the Federal Treasury to supply their wants.
They labor not only to supply themselves, but to
aid in maintaining 6ere an efficient and economical
Government; to manage affairs in which all the
States are concerned; and I can votefor nomeasure
which is to take the public treasure to sustain a
paper which sets itself up here asfthe organ of any
particular party. I will vote for no measure
which will place an immense money power in the
hands of metropolitan editors, and thus add to
their peculiar advantages for forming public opin-
ion m the next presidential canvass.
But, sir, I do not wish to be misunderstood. I
must ask the indulgence of the House for a short
time longer. Having been exceedingly unwell all
the morning, I had not anticipated this debate.
Nothing would have induced me to make a single
remark now, but that I had determined since the
commencement of the session that upon the \fiy
earliest opportunity I would be distinctly under-
stood upon those great questions which now so
much agitate the pulilic mind. In order that J rpay
not be misunderstood, I ask gentlemen to attend to
the remark that I am about to make. When 1 say
I wanta fair, free light in the next presidential can-
vass, I mean that I desire that the people may
have some hand in arranging the preliminaries ami
making the selection between the individuals pre-
sented as candidates for office. I am very far from
objecting to a candidate because he is the nominee
of the Baltimore Convention. Indeed such a nom-
ination would highly recommend him to my
choice. Such an expression of preference by that
body would demand and receive my respect. If
he should be sound, true, and capable, frank and
honest in the declaration of his republican doc-
trines, desirous for the repose of the country, and
the faithful execution of the laws, the fact of his
nomination would recommend him to my confi-
dence and secure my zealous support.
But, sir, the Baltimore Convention might make
a nomination of those who do not answer this de-
scription—who do not possess these qualifiations;
and I will not support any such nominees. No
party ties shall induce me to perform an act by
which I lose my self-respect. I am not ignorant
that all liberty—all that is valuable in free govern-
ments—have been often lost agreeably to the
usages of parties, and in due form of party disci-
pline. An empty shadow takes the place of sub-
stance—the power transferred to the few from the
many, and the screws of party discipline may be
applied to crush all who have independence to
speak the honest convictions of their own hearts,
fchould they nominate a man who dodges votes,
and who is not to be found in his place when vital
questions are to be decided—whose letters and
communications require a second Daniel to inter-
pret them—or, like the riddles of antiquity, give
employment and reputation to a second CEdepus
for his skill in unravelling the mysteries which
they contain; or, like the Delphic oracle, which
made response to a certain king, who inquired
whether he should go to war with the Romans, m
the following oracular words: " Ibis, ledibis, nun-
quamque pevibis"—words admitting the double
translation: " You shall go, you .shall return, you
shall not perish*'—or " You shall go, you shall
not return, you shall perish." The inquiring king
took the first interpretation—he went, he did not
return, he perished. Other followers of the pro-
pounders of oracles have in recent times renewed
the experience of this ancient king—they inter-
preted for themselves—they went, and did return,
but sadly beaten in the struggle.
The handwriting on the wall and the dream of
1 Nebuchadnezzar were explained by the prophet;
I but in these d\ys we are without prophets or
priests. Experience must be our instructor, and
history our guide. I desire a matter-of-fact man,
whose heart delights in an honest declaration of
his opinions; who will leave plain men, like my-
self, m no doubt as to his meaning. No conven-
i tion can have authority to discharge a candidate
j for the highest office in the gift of the people for
' such a frank and open avowal of his views.
Timidity and reserve presuppose a state of things
which must create distrust. No honest politician
dreads the disclosure of the fixed convictions of
his mind. There is a captivating beauty about
the boldness of integrity. You see it in the fear-
lessness, m the demeanor even of a child who has
never been depraved by deception. Conscious
punty of purpose desires no concealment. A
triumph of principle binds honest men together;
but woe to that party who are united only by the
system which derives its strength from the desire 1
of plunder. Should that Convention give us the
man who does not require and would scorn to have
a new version put on his declarations—one who
will not hesitate to declare that he holds the re-
publican doctrines of Mr. Jefferson, our acknowl-
edged leader*,—I say Mr. Jefferson, because I
think it unwise to refresh ourselves at the branch
when we can come at the spring. Besides, sir,
we have had many mutations and interpolations!
in the creed since his day. Although having i
the highest confidence in the purity as well as ;
the great ability of General Jackson, 1 never ;
adopted or approved of many of the doctrines of!
the proclamation. 1 adhered to him, however, j
and none feel a more profound reverence for his ;
services and his memory than myself. I would
not abandon him, as some did with whom I agreed
about everything but some doctrines of the procla-
mation, and go over to a party with whom I dis-
agreed about everything, and the proclamation too.
Those who did so, were placed in a false position.
The explanations of the Globe of that day and the
conversations with Mr. Ritchie in some measure
softened the sternness of the text, but it left a hazy
fog in the atmosphere which caused small objects to
loom in the distance. You have experienced this,
sir, doubtless, when in a morning mista cow would
seem to be as large as an elephant. I prefer a re-
turn to the clear bright republican days of Mr. Jef-
ferson, for whom General Jackson cherished the
most profound regard.. We must return to that
simple unsophisticated republicanism of the pure
and palmy days of our country, before the dis-
tribution of fifty millions of money, and whole
empires of land gave the means of temptation
and corruption, and placed in the hands of Con-
gress the control of jobs by which opulence may
be attained in a few months or a year. To sucn
a candidate who believes in the sovereignty of the
States, I care not whether he approved or disap-
proved of the series of measures called the com-
promise, butwho is determined to execute the laws
and preserve the repose of the country, there will
be such a gathering as we have not seen for many
years.
To endeavornowto agitatethepublicmind on the
measures of the last session would be the extreme
of folly. The most of them are resperfecla. Cal-
ifornia is a State. Texas has accepted the ten
millions. Utah and New Mexico are complete in
their organization as Territories, and the other
laws stand on the statute-book. Who wodfd en-
gage in the peuriie, as well as wicked purpose of
again agitating the public mind, without any pros-
pect of a good result5 And whilst I do not ap-
prove of a policy which would assume the neces-
sity of sustaining those laws of last session by a
buttress of resolutions this session,and whilst 1 do
not perceive the wisdom of making the move, and
amend the Constitution which recognizes itsimper-
fections and provides the mode of amendment, I
am utterly averse to any course which would re-
vive agitation or revive discontent.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) I call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman state hia
point of order?
Mr. POLK". My point of order is this: That
I cannot see what connection the coalition in Mas-
sachusetts, and the State-rights doctrines have to
do with passing a resolution about public printing,
and as a general charge that he is laying about so
loose that I cannot see what he is at myself.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in obedience to
what seemed to be the desire of the House, did
not feel at liberty to arrest the course of remark
made by thegentleman from North Carolina. The
Chair, however, the point being raised, feels called
upon to say, that, in his opinion, thegentleman is
wandering from the question before the House.
Mr. VENABLE. I think I can satisfy the
Speaker that I am not wandering from the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very well sat-
isfied that the remarks of thegentleman have been
irrelevant.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Will the gentleman
from North Carolina allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. VENABLE. I want first to put myself
right with the Speaker.
Mr. HOWE. I merely want to ask whether
we are to understand that you will not vote for
Cass or Douglas? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina are
not in order.
Mr. VENABLE. And I propose to show that
the course of remark which I was pursuing 
Mr. SWEETSER, (interrupting.) I ask for
the enforcement of the rule. The gentleman from
North Carolina being called to order, and the
Chair having decided that he is out of order, he
must take his seat, under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from North Carolina is not at liberty,
under the rules, to discuss the presidential ques-
tion upon the proposition now before the House,
and that his remarks were consequently irrel-
evant.
Mr. VENABLE. I hope 1 may be allowed
proceed in order.
Mr. WILCOX. I hope the gentleman will be
permitted to proceed with his remarks, and that
