1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
such circumstances. They will be taken upon
trust and passed, therefore, simply because the
one or the other House has passed them. That will
not be constitutional legislation, as it seems to me.
We aie not so organized that each House should
consider maturely all the legislation of the other.
These remarks do not apply to the general pro-
visions in pursuance of standing laws for carrying
out, the public measures of the country. Both
Houses of Congress may be presumed to under-
stand what the necessities of the country require,
and are prepared to act in pursuance of general
laws, to meet those necessities; and should be pre-
pared to act whenever those subjects come before
them. I therefore think it bad policy to incum-
ber a general appropriation bill with individual
measures, and I shall vote against the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The hour of twelve m. having arrived, theSen-
ate proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill from the House of Representa-
tives " making appropriation for the current and
4 contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
* and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
' Indian tribes, for the year ending Jane 30th,
4 1853,"
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment:
For payment to James W. Marsh, to cover the loss of hi*
propei ty desttoycd bv a band of Hioux Indians linlie month
ot July, 1849, while extending " the second connection
line" of the public surveys in the State of Iowa to the, Mis-
soiui liver, under contract with C. II. Iiooth, Survejoj
General ot the United Slates, £1,200.
In relation to this amendment I have fortified
myself with much information which I have sought
and obtained fiom the sources that are accessible
to me; but probably I shall husband the time of
the Senate by causing to be read a paper from the
Indian Department, which is appended to the
amendment rather than giving a verbal explana-
tion myself:
" jRvtraet from additional estimate of funds impnrcd for
the set vice of the Indian Department within the present
fiscal year ending 30th June, ld.V>:
" Thi-5 claim iv presented undet the seventieth section of
the intercom^) law ot 1831. winch pioun-os lestitution or
reparation by the TTmted States lor depredations committed
by Indians who are not m the iccnpt of annuities trmn our
Government The pioot tarnished bv Mr. Marsh to this
office establishes conclusively that the depiedation was
commuted upon his property, and that the oflendeis weie
Siou\ Indiana of the VVabpacoota band, who receive no
annuity fiom the Government of the United Slates.—See
vol. 4, U. S. Statutes at Large, pane 729, chap. J6i, ' J3n
act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes
section IV."
Mr. HUNTER. Did I understand the Sena-
tor from Iowa to say, that he had a communica-
tion from the Indian Department explanatory of
this amendment ?
Mr. JONES. Yes; the explanation has just
been read. It shows that the appropriation is
asked for under the intercourse law of 1834, which
was passed for the purpose of preventing difficul-
ties between citizens of the United Suites m the
Indian country and the Indians themselves, and
for property winch might be stolen or destroyed
by them. This is a ease in which the property of
a deputy surveyor of the United States was stolen
by the Sioux Indians. These Indians have no
annuities out of which we can take the amount of
which Mr. Marsh was robbed; and the inter-
course law of 1834 provides, that where persons
are robbed, or have their propei ty stolen, remu-
neration for such property shall be made by the
Government of the United States. I think this is,
beyond question, a case which is covered by the
law. The matter was submitted last session to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, as well as to the
Commissioner, and both the committee and the
Commissioner were of opinion that it was a proper
appropriation to be made in the Indian appropri-
ation bill, it not being a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this claim, it
originates under the seventeenth section of the in-
tercourse law, which would have been paid by the
Department if there had been any appropriation
to meet it. This is clearly a claim originating
under the law of 1834; and if that be so, it is not
a private claim. I do not know anything of the
merits of the claim itself.
Mr. ATCHISON. I know all about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. How much is it.
Mr. ATCHISON. Twelve hundred dollars.
It is for property taken by the Indians in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which this claim was referred, were of
opinion that under the general intercourse law,
the party was entitled to receive it, if he had pur-
sued the course pointed out by the law. If he
had gone before an Indian agent, or the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, and made proof of his
loss of property, he, of course, could enforce the
collection ot his claim against the Indians if they
received annuities. But they received no annui-
ties, and hence the Tieasuiy of the United States,
under that law,is responsible. This is the whole
case. It is a public claim, if there be any such
thing as a public claim.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For payment to the citizens of the States of Alabama
and Georgia, fur depredations committed by the Creek In-
dians on their property, and for the property taken by the
troop*ot the United states, ami the tuondlv Creeks in the
years 1836 and J8'iT. to be dMiibuted acooiduijz
to ihe schedule icturned bj the coinun^M«>nei.s appointed
under the act ot Congress, approved 3d March, 1S37.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should have raised a ques-
tion of order as to whether this is a private claim,
but after the decision on Mr. Hart's claim yester-
day, 1 do not feel that it is expedient to do so. It
seems to me that this claim is no more u. pi mite
one than that—both are private claims, in my
opinion.
This question has been already under the con-
sideration of the Senate, having been moved as an
amendment to the deficiency bill, and was argued
pro and con. by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] and the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell.] I did not think that it was a fair casefor
an appropriation then, nor do I think so now; but
I do not think it is necessary to repeat the argu-
ments used on that occasion, as they must be
fiesh in the recollection of every member of the
Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I would like to have the ques-
tion raiser!, and I will raise it for the purpose of
taking the sense of the Senate, whether this is a
private claim or not?—for I think we are in a fair
way to accomplish the object of the Senator from
North Carolina by induection, if we are not pre-
pared directly, to repeal the rule. These claims
do not professedly arise under any law of the
United States; but they arise, as was stated on a
former occasion, upon the application of an equity
to these particular claims. There is no law by
which any provision for the payment of these
claims is made; there is no contract in pursuance
of any law, and there is no treaty by which they
are recognized or provided for; so that they do not
come within the category m which the claim, yes-
terday decided to be a public claim, stands. That
was a claim arising m pursuance of a law or of a
treaty, which is the supreme law of the land.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very unwil-
ling to decide, where there is the slightest doubt,
in a matter of this kind; and has, therefore, on
several occasions, submitted to the Senate whether
such a proposition, as that now made, came un-
der the rule or would be excluded. Under a de-
cision revei sing a decision of the same case, which
occurred on the deficiency bill, the Senate deter-
mined yesterday that a claim, it had formerly pro-
nounced a private claim, was nut a private claim,
although the Chair, if called upon to decide the
question, would have decided otherwise. The
Chair is, therefore, unwilling to exclude any amend-
ment which, by any possibility, may not be strictly
a private claim. The question is now raised again
upon this amendment, and it is for the Senate to
decide whether it is a private claim under the rule.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have certainly no objec-
tion to the Senate deciding this matter again, al-
though they have decided it once. The Senate
decided, when the deficiency bill was under con-
sideration, that this was not a private claim. I
have no wish to discuss the question. I want to
vote on the merits of the case. I believe that every
Senator understands it. It is a case arising both
under treaty and under law. It is a case which is
provided for by law; it is one which has been
recommended by the Commissioner as well as by
the President of the United States; and much the
largest portion of the claim is for food and fodder
furnished to the troops of the United States. As
I have already stated, it is a case arising not only
under treaty but under law—one which was rec-
ommended by the Commissioner appointed by
Congress to ascertain the amount. The Senate
has once decided that it was not a private claim,
and 1 presume it will so decide again.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, whether
the amendment can be received under the rule.
Mr. CHASE. This claim arises out of depre-
dations committed by the Creek Indians on prop-
erty in Alabama, and, I think, in Georgia. The
law to which the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clemens,] refers, directed the appointment of
commissioners for the purpose of ascertaining
what depredations had been committed before hos-
tilities, during hostilities, and subsequent to hos-
tilities, distinguishing the claims into three classes
—those which came within the provisions of the
Indian intercourse law, those which came within
the provisions of the act of 1816 and us amend-
ments, and those which did not come within the
provisions of either of those acts. Now, this
amendment provides for the appropriation of
$,355,797, for the reimbursement of claims which
are all enumerated under the third class, and none
of which come either within the intercourse law
or the act of J816; and so far from being provided
for by the act to which the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clemens] has referred, they are expressly
excluded by its terms. So that my original state-
ment. was correct. These claims do not aiise
under any act of Congress, or in pursuance of an
act of Congress, or under any contract, or any
treaty; and to test the sense of the Senate on the
question whether this amendment can be received,
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTT ,ER. I shall vote against this prop-
■ osition, not because 1 am convinced, but upon the
j ground that the Senate has ruled it out. I voted
■ before differently perhaps from what my vote
1 would be now.
I Mr. DAWSON. I beg to state, that when this
same proposition was presented before in the de-
| ficiency bill the same point was made, and the
1 same decision made, by the present presiding ofR-
j cer, and the Senate decided that it was proper to
be admitted as an amendment. Are we going to
I change, or to give a vote over again every time
the proposition comes up? I trust we will a
i least remain consistent upon this point.
j The question was taken, and resulted—yeas 16,
i nays 20; as follows:
I YEAS—Mess)>. Atchison, Badger, Hell, Borland,
1 Biooke, Butlei, Chailton, Clemens, Dawson, Foot, Ceyer,
| Sebastian, Smith, Stockton, Upham, and Wellei—J8.
! NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bn<rht, Biodhead, Chase,
' Do Saussiiro, Dodge ot "VWeon-m, Podjje of Iowa, Fcloh,
■ llatnhn, Hunter. Jones of Iowa, MaDoiy, Mfniwether,
I Millei, Norus, Peaiee, Piatt, Spruance, Underwood, and
' Wade—20.
j So the amendment was not admitted under the
, rule.
| Mr. ATCHISON. I have an amendment which
, I desire to oiler, and I am of opinion that it is for
j a claim that will not come within the prohibition
| of the rule, as it arises under atieaty. It is to
i insert;
1 For satisfaction of the claim of Robert Gieenougb, ansing
I under a clause of the «erond article of the treaty made
: with the Menomonee Indians on the 3d day of September,
j 1836, which clause was rejected by the Senate bv way of
j amendment to the treaty, the Mini of ,<20,000 : Provided t
| That no part of i!ic above sum ot money shall be p:nd w ith-
« out tiie consent of the Menomonee Indians duly obtained.
| The PRESIDENT. From the reading of the
1 amendment, the Chair is under the impression
I that it is to provide for what is strictly j pmate
! claim. That article of the treaty having been re-
, jected, there is no ground under the treaty for the
i claim. If the Senator is not satisfied with the
' decision of the Chair, he can. take an appeal,
j Mr. ATCHISON. I dislike very much to ap-
j peal from the decision of the Ohnir, and 1 shall
: not do so; but I shall fulfill my duty towards this
. claim by introducing to-morrow a bill for its sat-
! isfaction, and though I am satisfied in my own
mind, that it is a public claim, I shall not appeal.
I Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment to of-
i fer, which is to insert the following:
i That the accounting officers of the Treasury shall be
; authorised and empoweied to examine and allow any
; amount.-* wlueh inuv bo presented fer any depredation^ oom-
I nutted by Indians in the State of California, with whom the
i commissioners negotiated treaties: Provided,That sattsfac-
j tory proof shall be'adduced of the value of the property de-
