2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
stroyed, and that the s>arne was destroyed before the rejec-
tion of the treaties by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I would inquire of the Sena-
tor from California, whether there are any esti-
mates for that appropriation?
Mr. WELLER. There are not.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment cannot
be received, if there is no estimate to base it upon.
The rule expressly requires that there shall be an
estimate from the head of a Department, or that
an amendment shall be reported, by direction of a
standing committee. Therefore the amendment
cannot be received.
Mr. CASS. There is a proposition which I
will make, with the assent of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, which I indicated
the other day, and that is, to provide for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the Shawnee delegation
who came here to obtain the claim which we have
rejected. The equity of making this provision, I
believe, every Senator acceded to. At the sug-
gestion of the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, 1 move to insert §1,500 to
pay the expenses of the Shawnee delegation.
The PRESIDENT. Is thatamendment offered
by the direction of a standing committee?
Mr. CASS. JNTo, sir; but I propose to appro-
priate $1,500, that sum being indicated by th e hon-
orable chairman, for the purpose of paying the ex-
penses of the Shawnee delegation to and from the
seat of Government.
The PRESIDENT. Is there any estimate for
it?
Mr. CASS. There is not.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair cannot
receive the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand that the
Committee on Indian Affairs have agreed to it.
The PRESIDENT. No such report has been
made.
Mr. BRIGHT. Perhaps it is proper I should
state that, anticipating that this amendment would
be offered, on Friday last I asked the acting Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, whether, in his judg-
ment, it would be proper that this amendment
should be offered? He said, he thought so, and
gave me a statement of what he supposed to be
the necessary amount. I think he made it $1,425.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
a statement, of the acting Commissioner. The rule
requires that an estimate shall he received from
the head of a Department.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended. And after a conversation as to the
manner in which the Senate should proceed, the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred in, with the exception of the
clause providing for presents and provisions for
Indians visiting the California superintendency,
and the piovision in relation to the claim for the
removal of the Choctaws, on which separate votes
were desired.
The first question was on concurring in the fol-
lowing clause, adopted as in Committee of the
Whole, in relation to the California superintend-
ency " For presents and provisions for Indians
visiting the superintendency, $3,000."
Mr.'WELLER. Mr. -President, I move to
strike out that clause, and to insert the following:
For the purpose of purchasing supplies and presents,
to be distributed to the Indians in the State of California,
undpr the direction of the President of the United States,
ihe sum of $100,000.
In my judgment, this appropriation will be ab-
solutely necessary, in order to prevent a large
body of Indians in California from starving during
the approaching year. They have been brought
down from the mountains, from their accustomed
homes, and settled upon the reservations that, were
made bythe Indian commissioners, in theeighteen
treaties that were negotiated with the different
tribes. Those treaties have nil been rejected by
the Senate, and it is therefore necessary, in my
■judgment, that some provision should be made for
them, in order to avoid hostilities. It will be a
very difficult thing to explain to these Indians
how it comes that these treaties, which they en-
tered into with persons who represented them-
selves as agencs of the Government, have now
been repudiated. They will be compelled, as a
matter of course, in consequence of the rejection
of the treaties by the Senate, to leave these reser-
vations upon which they ha.ve been placed by the
Indian commissioners. It is, therefore, proposed
in lieu of a confirmation of those treaties; the ob-
ject being to appease the Indians by providing
them with subsistence. They have been driven,
as I said, from that section of the State where it
was their habit to live on acorns and the fruits
found in the woods, and they must inevitably
starve unless some provision be made for them.
For that purpose, I hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment. j
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will inquire hosv much
was the amount of the appropriation originally I
proposed by the Committee on Indian Affairs? j
The PRESIDENT. Three thousand dollars, j
It is proposed now to insert §100,000. i
Mr. WELLER. Allow ine to say that I have
offered this amendment in this place, because it .
was the only place where it could be gotten in. !
The original provision was simply for supplying |
the Indians who visited the superintendency. My
provision is more comprehensive, and is one
which looks to the support, to a limited extent,
of these Indians.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator from California, whether I un-
derstand this amendment precisely. if I do un-
derstand it, I think we ought to adopt it. If it is
true that there is no appropriation contained in this
bill for the large number of Indians in California,
it seems to me that it would be right to adopt this
amendment. If I understand the honorable Sen-
ator from California correctly this is the case. If
this be the case I shall have to vote for the amend-
! ment.
j Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I rise merely
| for the purpose of ascertaining the principle upon
I which this amendment is proposed. As 1 under-
1 stand it, it is an appropriation of money to sub-
| sist the Indians, it is to be the commencement
of a policy by which they may avoid labor, and
depend for their support upon this Government.
The proposition is to appropriate§100,000 to buy
provisions for Indians m the State of California—
Indians, it is said, who may visit the agency for
their own purposes, or for the purposes of the
Government, which purposes ore not designated,
nor is it material that they should be designated.
The great question is this: Shall we, by our
policy, adopt a course calculated to induce these
Indians to avoid the necessity of labor r Shall we
lead them to believe that their indolence will be
provided for by our appropriations? 1 believe it
to be very bad policy. In my judgment, instead
of benefiting the Indians, it will be an injury to
them, instead of preventing the inhabitants of
any State or Territory lVom being troubled by
them, it will inciease that tumble, for the Indians
will leave their hunting grounds and the patches
around their huts, and go entirely wnhin the limits
of the State; because they will know that the
Government will feed them. 1 think the policy is
a bad one, and I think it should be considered
fully before we adopt it; for, where we take one
step in this way, it would be very difficult to re-
trace it.
1 observed yesterday, when an appropriation of
I money was proposed for Indians m New Mexico,
| that it would be economical to the Government if
j such an appropriation were made for the purpose
1 of bringing the Indians within our country, in
' order to see the power of our Government. But
| I never, for a moment, supposed that our kind-
| ness, or our benevolence, would impose upon us
i on obligation to provide means to sustain them.
! If these Indians are perishing and dependent, the
i fault is not ours. I do not believe that the Gov-
j ernment brought this condition upon them. But
j 1 suppose the Indians of the State of California
' have been induced to believe that they would be
: fed under a treaty, and that may be tlie apology
; for it. But those California treaties were noicon-
' firmed by the Senate, ant! these people, I suppose,
have long since returned to their residences, snd
! to their hunting grounds; or, if they hav* not re-
| turned, they ought to be induced to do *jo, and*not
I be encouraged to remain, waiting for -ui appro-
j printion of money by the Government to subsist
| them. These are my views. But i should like to
j hear from the honorable Senator from California,
I and know why we should adopt the provision.
I Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I do not think
I that my friend from Gcoigiahas put the propriety
| of this appropriation upon its true ground. If I
| understand the case, it ie this: certain treaties were
i negotiated with these Indian tribes. Under those
treaties, they entered into the possession of certain
reserved lands and certain benefits accrued to them.
Now, the treaties have come here to us, and have
been rejected. In the mean time it is obvious that,
not only these Indians, but our own people (who
ought to have known better) in California have
gone upon the idea, that the treaties being made
by the agent of the Government and agreed to by
the Indians, it was proper to put them into execu-
tion. Thus, as the Senator from California says,
these Indians have been left in this condition for
want of food, with starvation staring them in the
face, and they can understand it in no other way
than as an act of bad faith on the part of this
Government. It is the most natural thing in the
world that they should so understand it. How
can they understand the complex machinery by
which,—after the treaty was negotiated after it
was put into execution, after large steps were
taken to consider it as subsisting,—all of a sudden
they are informed that the treaty does not bind us,
and that they are to be turned out of their reser-
vations, deprived of all the advantages proposed
for them, and left in a starving condition ? Their
passions and hostilities must be inflamed with a
sense of gross injustice and perfidy on the part of
this Government; and the natural consequences
will be, in all probability, an outbreak m that
country. If that should be the result, we all know
what the consequences will be to the Government
' —that it will cost us a great deal more to suppress
1 the outbreak than it would, by a timely applica-
I tion of food, to prevent it from commencing.
| Besides, 1 would suggest to my friend from
Georgia, that all this money is not of course to be
applied to these Indians. We appropriate that
amount, and the President is to use it, as he sees
occasion, for the support of the Indians. Of
course, the President will use it solely for the pur-
pose of preventing the mischievous consequences
to which the Senator from California has alluded.
It seems to me that this is a particular and special
case, in which the necessity for intervention has
j arisen in consequence of the acts of our agents,
I and the act of the Government. It is not entering
, into any general system of feeding Indians; but it
' is a small appropriation to avoid an Indian con-
I flict that will involve the Government in a large
! expense, besides the necessity of taking the lives
I of some of these poor creatures, and also the prob-
! able consequence of the loss of the lives of our
; own citizens. It seems to me that it si a very wise
! and just precautionary measure; and that the
• amount i3 small enough.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I have only a
| few words to say in answer to the Senator from
| Georgia. I am not in the habit of voting; for ex-
| tmvagant appropriations, whether the money be
, expended in California or elsewhere. Nor would
■; I have submitted this amendment had I not been
! perfectly satisfied that, unless some provision be
: made for these Indians, they will be driven by
; starvation into hostilities with the whites. The
!! Senator from Georgia says: " Let them return to
' their hunting grounds." Their hunting grounds !
1 The white man is there. The white race is
I scattered all over the State of California. There
| is not a gulch or a mountain where your miner
I is not engaged in his toil and labor. How, then,
! will the Indian go back to that spot where he
| wavS accustomed to obtain his food ? The miner
is there, and it is utterly impossible for the Indian
to return. He has come down upon the reserva-
: tion which was made by the agent of yourGovern-
ment, in conformity with the treaties made with
him. The Indians believed that they were to be
secured in the undisturbed possession of that por-
tion of territory which had been allotted to them
under the treaties. Those treaties required the
Government of the United States to feed these
Inuians—to furnish them with a large amount of
; beef, and various otherarticles, which would have
involved the Government in a most extraordinary
expenditure.
| Public policy demanded that thosetreaties should
i be rejected; but they have been in part executed
by the commissioners upon the one side, and by
! the Indians upon the other. We have rejected
; them, and therefore we are under a moral obliga-
| tion to make some provision for the support of
j those who have been disappointed by their rejec-
tion. The Indians are now on the reservations
;, They cannot return to their fishing streams where
' they were in the habit of obtaining some of their
