1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2173
food. They cannot return to the acorn trees from
whence they derived a part of their support, be-
cause, as I said before, the white man has gone
there, and he will not suffer the Indians to remain
near him.
We who represent the State of California were
compelled, from a sense of duty, to vote for the
rejection of the treaties, because we knew that it
would be utterly impossible for the General Gov-
ernment to retain these Indians in the undisturbed
possession of these reservations. Why, there
were as many as six reservations made in a single
county in the State of California, and that one of
the best mining counties in the State. They knew
that those reservations included mineral lands,
and that, just so soon as it became more profitable
to dig upon the reservations than elsewhere, the
white man would go there, and that the whole
Army of the United States could not expel the
intruders.
It was, therefore, under this stern necessity that
we were compelled to reject the treaties; and now,
after the Indians have complied with them—after
they have done everything in their power to ex-
ecute them in good faith, by coming down out of
their old homes and occupying the reservations, I
only ask that an appropriation of $100,000 should
be made for their temporary relief—for their sup-
port under the circumstances in which they have
been placed by the rejection of the treaties by this
branch of the Government. If I did not believe
it was an appropriation demanded by absolute ne-
cessity, I would not have asked it at the hands of
the Senate. It will be hard indeed to explain to
these Indians how it came that the formal treaty
made with your accredited agents has been vio- *
lated. They may not understand, as well as you |j
and I, that the President and Senate alone, under \[
our Constitution, have the power to conclude Sj
treaties. |!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman in- !'
form me, if he pleases, whether, by these treaties, '1
any provision or any promise was held out to the j
Indians, that if they did come down and occupy ,
the reservations on the country set apart for them, 1
they would be provided for?—and what provision , 
was to be made for them?
Mr. WELLER. Everyone of those treaties ;:
requiied, amongst other things, that the Indians
should be supplied with a certain quantity of food
in the year 1851, and in the year 1852. That
which was to have been supplied to the Indians in
1851, of course has already been delivered to them,
and a considerable portion of that which was re-
quired to be delivered in 1852, has also been turned
over. Rut there remained, according to these trea-
ties, a large quantity yet to be delivered; and the
rejection of the treaties has stopped the delivery
o^ beef. We did undertake, under those treaties,4
to supply the Indians with beef to a very large!
amount during these two years. I believe that J
four or five of the treaties required us to deliver 1
more than $100,000 worth of beef during the year
1852; and if we are to look at it as a question of
dollars and cents, we shall make money by giving
$100,000 now, instead of furnishing the beef which
we had agreed to furnish under the treaties in ,
1852. In other words, an execution of these trea- ;
ties would have required a much larger expendi- ;i
ture of the public money than is proposed by this
amendment. 1
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I think there is a
great deal of justice in what the Senator from '
California has observed,but the amount proposed -j
to be appropriated is greater than 1 am prepared !
to vote for. It must be recollected that the Indians 1'
have already received food to the value of $800,000 'I
or $1,000,000 during the year 1851 and a portion ;
of 1852, without the slightest consideration having |
been paid to us. The treaties have all to be made i
over again. I am willing to make some appro- •
nriation under the circumstances of the case, but j
I should think the amount proposed by the hon- i
orable Senator from California, considering the j.
expenditure which has already been made, and .
the amount that the Indians have already received
from citizens of the United States, is too much.
Mr. WELLER. The Government only paid
$50,000. :
Mr. CASS. I understand that perfectly. I '
said the Indians were furnished by citizens—not j.
by the Government—to the amount of nearly i
§1,000,000.
Mr. WELLER, The amount appropriated by i
the Government was $50,000. But the Indians j
obtained from citizens of California, beef and other
provisions to the amount of nearly §1,000,000,
and my learned friend from Michigan the other
day took occasion to inform the Senate that under
no circumstances would he vote for paying that
amount. If he does not intend to vote it out of
the National Treasury he ought not to charge the
Indians with having received it from the Govern-
ment. But I put this proposition upon the plain
ground that if you had executed these treaties and
gone on and delivered the beef which the treaties
stipulated should be delivered to the Indians, it
would have cost the Government more than the
appropriation now asked.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have no
doubt that this amendment id moved with more
than ordinary intelligence on the part of the mover,
because it comes from the honorable Senator from
California, who perhaps understands this subject
better than any one else here. But an amendment
of this kind, \\ hieh indicates a source of expendi-
ture from the Federal Treasury for an object which
is certainly new to me—when it has not had the
sanction or investigation of a committee—I must
receive with some distrust. I do not say thata com-
mittee would examine the subject or bring forward
a proposition with more intelligence than the hon-
orable Senator from California; but from his state-
ment I see that this is but the commencement of
a system of expenditure for the subsistence of the
Indians in California. If we make this appropri-
ation of §100,000, it will be holding out induce-
ments to these poor, deluded, expelled creatures.
The white nun will drive them from their lands;
and how are we to feed them ? Are we to feed them ;
from the Treasury? Shall we commence a system
of this kind, and commence it in reference to its
operation on the Fedeial Treasury? I do say that
there ousrht to be some more investigation than the
motion of a single member, and I sayitwith great
rpspert for the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I think j
this is a matter of a good deal of consequence,
and that we ought to deliberate on it well before
we adopt the amendment. Yetl am not altogether
certain but that the amendment ought to be adopted.
My friend fiont California, if I understand him,
predicates it upon the ground that by the invasion
of the Indian territory by the minersalready, and
by the prospective invasion of the miners, the
gamp of the Indians has been destroyed, and the !
usual source of subsistence upon which they rely
has been cut off. I have no doubt of the truth of ;;
that in a great degree. But, sir, it presents to my  
mind this consideration, that here, our people, j,
without law, go into the Indian country, destroy i
the means of the Indians, disperse their game, or 1
kill theii pame, inteirupt their possessions and ,
their means of living, and then Congress is called '
upon to make provision for that state of things. .
I admit that it I-? wrong to these people to in- 1
vade their possessions, and rut off their means of 1
subsistence; and if we, as a Government, tolerate ,
it, we ought to make them some allowance; and I
in that point of view the amendment of my \
friend from California commends itself to my i
favorable consideration. But while I look at it in I
that aspect, 1 cannot forget that it is based upon a '
wrong—I cannot forget that it is based upon a ;
thing which we ought to have moral courage, and J
which I think we Imve physical courage, to prevent.
The territory of the Indians ought not to be thus
invaded. We ou?ht not to allow th^ir menus of
subsistence to be taken away from them, against
law and withoutlaw; so that theNationalTleasury I
is called upon to prevent these pocr wretches from '
starving. ;
Now, how all these objects are to be obtained, '
and what it is best for us to do, under the circum-
stances, is a very grave question, and, as the Sena- i
tor from South Carolina says, it requires grave 1
consideration. I acknowledge that, for myself, I j
hardly know what to do. The idea of allowing
these poor creatures to starve to death, when we, .
in a great measure, have brought that condition ,
! upon them, is horrible to humanity, and I cannot |
1 well tolerate it. But, then, the consequences of'
! engaging in this state of things, that we are to ,
I feed all the Indian tribes, and put them upon the j
; Treasury for support, is a consequence equally ,
| alarming. I should be very glad if the matter j
1 could be weighed further, and if we could have j
the report of a committee, and some more deliber-
ation on the subject. I confess that I hardly know
; what to do.
| Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, there is
I some difficulty in my mind in relation to this
, matter, not as to the amount proposed at all, but
i because I doubt very much whether it will answer
I the purpose of feeding forty thousand Indians in
i California, or such number as it may be necessary
i to feed.
1 Mr. WELLER. There are seventy thousand
' Indians in California.
Mr. ATCHISON. There may be seventy
' thousand, but my information and my belief on
that information is, that they cannot exceed forty
, thousand. At least, that was the estimate before
j we acquired California. By those best informed,
, it was estimated that the whole population of Cal-
! ifornia, red and white, did not exceed sixty thou-
• sand, though that is a point about which I am not
; so well informed as the Senator from California,
i It is truly said that but $50,000 have been ap-
propriated by this Government for Indian services
m California. Those $50,000 are gone, and not
one dollar for the benefit of the Indians, as far as I
! can ascertain. Hence the only objection in my
i mind to this appropriation is as to the manner in
winch it is to be disbursed, and as to who is to
! disburse it, and whether the Indians will derive
any more benefit from these #100,000 than from
the $50,000 already expended. Why, there are
claims now before the Committee on Indian Af-
i fairs from California—and just cl turns, which this
i Government will be compelled to pay—for beef
! furnished and for services rendered to the com-
■ missioners while engaged in making the eighteen
treaties which have been rejected by the Senate—
! claims for the very purpose which those $50,000
; were appropriated to pay, the expenses of nego-
, nation. Claims, I do not know to what amount,
i but certainly to the amount of several thousand
dollars, are now before the Committee on Indian
Affairs for transporting the Indians from one place
to another, and feeding them while holding the
treaties, m addition to the $50,000 expended, no
; man can tell for what. But if we could have the
; least assurance in the world that these $100,000
would be well appropriated, and justly appropri-
ated, for the purpose of feeding these Indians, and
: perhaps of clothing them, I would not hesitate for
^ a moment to vote for it, or even for an appropri-
; ation of $300,000.
Some gentlemen wish to cut down this appro-
priation to $50,000. Why, according to the low-
est estimate I can make, you will have to furnish
forty thousand, or, as the Senator from California
says, seventy thousand Indians with provisions.
If you feed them with beef—and I suppose that
this is the cheapest article of food with which you
can supply them—how many head of cattle could
he furnished to these seventy thousand Indians?
Only two thousand head of cattle to feed seventy
thousand Indians, or, according to my estimate,
forty thousand Indians. 1 estimate cattle at $50
a head, and I suppose they cannot be had in Cal-
ifornia for less. Some gentlemen who negotiated
the treaties, I am informed, gave from $80 to $100
a head, in some instances, for cattle, and in others,
I believe, $50 a head; but I think the honorable
Senator from California will bear me out in the
assertion, that beef cannot be furnished to those
Indians at less than $50 a head. But I would
not hesitate for a moment in voting $100,000 or
^200,000, if 1 had the least assurance that the
money would be appropriated for the purposes
intended.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is a sub-
ject of great difficulty. I know, as was said by
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
that the Senator from California speaks upon this
subject with more intelligence than any of us. I
feel the full weight of all that he has said, and
yet, at the same time, 1 cannot but be impressed
with the weight of what lias fallen from the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.] I am unwill-
ing, on the one hand, to assume for this Gov-
ernment the obligation of supporting these Pueblo
Indians, if they should be dispossessed of their
lands by intruders from the State of California;
and I am unwilling to vote any appropriation
which may, by implication, bind this Government
to pay debts contracted by the agents who acted
not only without orders, but contrary to their in-
structions. I should not, therefore, be willing—-
