1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1300
compensation <€179,000. Even taking that state-
ment, it leaves but a little over $16,000 a trip.
Mr. BAYARD. I concede that if you divide
<£145,000 by fifty-two trips, it will only give about \ 't
$14,000 a trip; but what warrant have we for the j;
assumption that they only receive <€145,000 since :
they have been ordered up to fifty-two trips ? The '
papers show, and the British Admiralty accounts !|
show, that when the contract was for weekly trips j;
during eight months in the year, and semi-monthly j
trips during the remaining four months, they re-
ceived <£145,000. j;
Mr. HUNTER. There was evidence in the j!
Post Office Department that the Cunarders had j;
been ordered up to fifty-two trips, but there was
no evidence that there was any increased conipen- j'
sation for those trips. [■
Mr. BAYARD. The learned Senator then pre- ;■
sumes that, because there was no evidence in the ji
Post Office Department that the increased com- ['
pensation had been made, (and it is a matter ;
which will not be ascertained until the Admiralty ;;
reports are published.) it was not to he "inferred 1'
that when the Cunard line were ordered up to !
fifty-two trips, their allowance was not increased. *
Is it reasonable to suppose so ? Such has not
been hitherto the course of the British Govern- j
ment. The British Government assisted the
Cunard line when there was no opposition to it,
and raised its compensation from §325,000 to
$425,000 a year. Afterwards they raised the
compensation to =£145,000, when they required
increased service. Then by what reasonable con-
clusion can the Senator deduce his argument, that
when they ordered up the Cunarders from forty-
three to fifty-two trips, they did not also give a
pro rata increase in the compensation ?
Mr. HUNTER. This is no inference of mine.
I have given the facts as far as they are known.
I can reason upon no imaginary statement offacts
in opposition to what is known. The Senator
infers that the compensation has been increased.
In my 'argument I have given this line the benefit
of this supposition; and if you assume that the
Cunarders now receive <£'175,000, their compensa- j!
tion will still be but §16,000 a trip. If you as- j;
sume the old compensation, (and there is no evi- j;
dence that it has been changed,) it leaves §14,000 !
a trip; and both sums are far under what we '
already give to the Collins line. |
Mr. BAYARD. I concede that it is a statement i;
of facts, so far as the alteration of the service goes; !
but there is no statement of fact to warrant the ■
presumption that the compensation was not in- j
creased commeusurately with the increase of the
service. But the natural inference from one fact
to the other would be that the compensation was
increased, arguing from the previous conduct of I
the British G-overnment. 1 shall, therefore, still :
contend that, upon the facts cited by the honorable
Senator fi om Virginia, he ought to have drawn I
the conclusion as an inference of fact that an in- j
creased allowance was made, commensurate with I
the increased service to be performed. Whether
the fact had come to the knowledge of the Depart- ;
ment or not is of no moment. It is not, at any :
rate,a matter of much consequence,exceptasaffeet- ;
ing the question of relative amount, and in my view, j
as I have already stated, that is no criterion for !
us. But, in truth, you cannot tell what js now j
allowed by the British Government to the Cunaru
line. Do you know what is allowed for the line !
which they have established from Havre to Liver- '
pool, which carries goods without charge at the .
time when o Cunard vessel is about to sad from |
Liverpool and an American steamer from Havre, '
until the American steamer has left the port of i
Havre, and then charges freight and raises the
price across the ocean more than double? Can you ,
tell what allowance is made to the Cunard line by
the British Admiralty for this purpose? Can you j
tell what allowance is made for the Antwerp hue, !
which has been jr&t established in connection with ;
the Cunard line, in order to break down you,* com- ;
mercial intercourse access the Atlantic with the
continent of Europe ' Tiic difference between the ,
modes of transacting business in the two countries ■
is, that in England all those allowances are a '
matter of Admiralty discretion. They require no j
legislative discussion, as thev do here, and are not ;
brought before the public. The Admiralty, at their ■
will and pleasure, allow such amounts as they ;
may deem proper. The allowance may be made ;
in the name of one man or another. We have t
seen enough, in the course which the British Gov-
ernment has taken for the purpose of breaking
down the Collins line, to justify us in the belief
that they will not be very restrictive in the extent
of the grant they would make for the purpose of de-
stroying a rival line. They have already consent-
ed to, if not advised subsidiary, lines, which tend
todiminish the receipts from freight and passengers
of the Collins and the Havre lines. There it is not a
matter of parliamentary discussion. You do not
know but that the sum granted to-day will be in-
creased by one third more to-morrow. Theiralleged
allowance, therefore, affords no criterion for that
which we should make.
There are also two elements for increased allow- j
ance in this case, which do not exist in reference j;
to the Cunard line. The first I presume will be
admitted—that there is an increased tonnage and !,
an increased power to propel the tonnage, which \'<
is essential to the Collins line, and that increase of i,
tonnage and of power, and consequent expense i|
was incurred m order to enable them to surpass !j
the British line upon the ocean. The boat race, ij
as the honorable Senator from Ohio chooses to call ij
it, was not with a view to a mere exhibition of ij
national vanity; for he may rely upon it that speed j:
and ceitainty in ocean transit will command the !|
mails and passengers between Europe and Amer-
ica. It is no trivial matter, such as he seeks to ji
represent it. You have the fact that the entire |i
tonnage, according to the Butish system of meas- U
urement, of the seven Cunard steamers is 13,286 tj
tons, while the tonnage of the four American
steamers, according to the same measurement, is j'
13,702, an excess of over 400 tons on the part of j1
the four American steamers. ij
Mr. HUNTER. That is very different from jj
the statement which I have received from the Navy ;j
Department. !{
Mr. BAYARD. It may be so; but my inform- ]|
ation is totally different. My information is, that
our system of tonnage measurement incieases j
nearly one fourth upon that of Great Britain. Our J
steamers do not rate by our tonnage as much as
they do by British tonnage. The Pacific and Bal- >'
tic are, 1 believe, according to our tonnage, over !'
2,700 tons; the Arctic and Atlantic are, I believe, !■
9,800 tons. Their average tonnage, according to !'
British measurement, would be 3,425 tons.
Mr. HUNTER. My statement was made out ;
i by Mr. isherwood. He puts the Collins steamers |!
i in this way: the Atlantic and Pacific 2,686 tons j
• each; the Arctic and Baltic2,772 tons each. The
1 two largest of the Cunarders, the Asia and Africa,
he puts at 2,226 tons each; and he informed me
that including the Canada, there were eight Cunnrd- '
era, and then* average was a little over 2,000 tons. ,
: Therefore, the aggregate tonnage of the Cunarders j
would be something like 16,000 tons, whilst the j
; aggregate tonnage of the four Collins steamers ,
i would be only about 11,000 tons. j
Mr. BAYARD. I will state to the honorable ]
; Senator that, as regards the registered tonnage of j
our own steamers, there is an error in that caicu- j
lation fiom whoever it comes. It will be found (
: to be so, by reference to the published reports from i
' the Navy bepartment. Commodore Perry's letter ■
[Ex. Doc. No. 91, p. 88] gives yoa the registered j
; tonnage of the four steamers; the Atlantic is over j
< 2,845, the Arctic 2,856, the Pacific 2,707, and the i
■ Baltic 2,727 tons. I am sure of the fact that the j
Atlantic and Artie are o\ er 2,800—that is American j
tonnage. It must be recollected that there is a dif- j
ference between American and British tonnage. ]
! Mr. HUNTER. In this account, Mr. Isher- :
' wood also states, that the average time of the trip? j
! of the Collins line is about eleven days and seven- j
1 teen hours, and of the Ounnrders, twelve days. I
' The average for the Cunarders includes the Enropa ;
j and Canada; but if you take the average of the !
I Asia and Africa alone, they are about equal to the :
j Collins average. i
; Mr. EaYAUD. I am not discussing the ques- j
' tion of average time. E know that the Asia and 1
■ Africa of the Cunard line, are nearly equal to ]
; the average of the Collins hue. But you must _
take the a\e>*age of the two lines together. I do ;
: not understand that communication to sav that the ■
; tonnage stated is registered tonnage; if it does so,
, then I denv its authenticity. 1 deny that the '
' registered British tonnage, and the registered
American tonnage, are the same. In the one case, ■
you have given you the British registered tonnage j
for the British vessels, and the statement of Amer- <
ican tonnage for American vessels, when,in point
of fact, the American tonnage is one fourth greater.
I repeat the assertion that, measured according to
the British system of measurement, there is a
difference of over four hundred tons in favor of
the four Collins steamers, as against'the seven
Cunard steamers; nor are there more than seven
steamers in that line, including the Canada. "I
say. therefore, that the aggregate tonnage of the
seven Cunard steamers amounts to 13,286 tons,
while the tonnage of the four Collins steamers,
according to the same system of British measure-
ment, is 13,702 tons. No man, in his-senses,
who ever saw the Asia and one of our steamers
alongside, can doubt that ours areonethird larger,
measure them by what system you will.
1 submit, therefore, that the average tonnage,
which, in the case of the Collins line, is 3,425 tons,
against 1,900 on the part of the Cunard steamers,
must necessarily have increased power to propel
it. With this increased power the Collins steam-
ers have obtained superior speed, for though it
may be true that the Asia and Africa approx-
imate very closely to the average time of the Col-
lins steamers, and I admit that they do, yet,
taking the average of the British line, they are
excelled by at least a day in speed by the Collins
line. If we have equaled them in this respect,
we have done all that we could expect, and what
few men thought could be done at the time this
enterprise was entered upon by these gentlemen
in New York. Failure was prophesied almost
universally, The idea of competing with Great
Britain in the construction of steam-vessels which
should be able to cross the ocean with speed and
certainty was considered a mad scheme. Instead
of equaling, they have actually excelled the Cu-
nard steamers. The quantum of excellence is a
very material matter in this point of view. It is
more creditable than the honorable Senator from
Virginia seems willing to allow to the enterprise,
and genius, and patriotic exertions of his country-
men.
There is another element which must also be
tnken into the account, for the increased cost of
these vessels. I am not going into any details
about the question of cost, for it is one which I
cannot undertake to determine. The rate of in-
terest in the two countries is essentially different.
When the British Government are dealing with
capitalists in their country, where capital com-
mands but two and a half per cent, interest, and
for the purpose of inducing them to enter into a
new and untried business, which is to be of great
advantage, both as regards commerce and the na-
tional pride, and when the American Government
are entering into a similar contract with a capital-
ist here, and that, too, against previously-;estab-
hshed and successful lines, the rate of interest here
being six percent, instead of two and a half, f ask
whether, in the allowance which ought to be made
by this Government to the American line of steam-
ers, that is not an element to be taken into the ac-
count, with a view to its increase? I will now
state to you a view which I have taken, of a cal-
culation which was biought as evidence before the
Senate, by the honorable Senator from Virginia,
which, 1 think, corroborates strikingly the amount-'
recommended by the Committee on Finance as a
proper appropriation; and the amount sworn to as
a necessary appropriation, by these contractors.
I refer to the statement of Mr. Williams, manager
of the Dublin Steam-Packet Company, cited by
the honorable Senator from Virginia. The esti-
mate of Mr. Williams, I shall show, conforms to
the statement made out in detail by the owners of
the Collins line. The Senator produces this testi-
mony here, for the purpose of throwing doubt
upon the propriety of this appropriation. Surely,
I a in entitled to havethebenefit of his information
in favor of its being granted. Mr. Williams was
a competent person to judge of the expenses of
such an undertaking. He was the manager of the
Dublin Steam-Packet Company; and, therefore,
better acquainted than the honorable Senator from
Virginia or myself, with all the details connected
with the management of steam-vessels. He was
a man who bad been practically engaged in the
business, and who knew the average cost of sus-
taining a line of sea-going steamers. He was un-
der examination by a parliamentary committee,
and h is statement is, that the average sum necessary
to carry on &fair business, is from twenty-four to
twenty-five per cent, per annum upon the capital
