185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
Mr. PEARCE. It may possibly be necessary
for the vindication of the officer charged, that his
defence should be printed with this document. 1
cannot tell what ought to be printed until I see the
papers. Unless we can know exactly the state of
the case, I am opposed to this printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state to the Senator
that the resolution does'not propose to publish the
testimony at all. It leaves out a large portion of
the report, and it seems to me that if the purpose is
to enlighten the public in regard to the matter, the
whole of the proceedings and testimony should be
published. We should thus involve the publica-
tion of a very large book, for this is one of the
largest documents that has ever come before us.
Mr. HALE. How large a pamphlet will this
make ?
Mr. BORLAND. About one hundred pages.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say that I can-
not see the propriety of publishing a document
now before the Senate for its action. I may be
wrong, but it does appear to me that as we are
going to act upon the subject, all that is necessary
for us is to have the papers printed for our own
use.
The PRESIDENT. That has already been
ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I should have voted against this
proposition at any rate, believing it entirely use-
less to add to our expenditure and delay other
necessary printing. But when I learn that the
testimony upon which the papers were founded is
to be left out, I certainly cannot be guilty of such
gross injustice towards this officer, who seems to
be assailed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
of putting part of the proceedings before the com-
munity and leaving out the testimony. I cannot
consent to publishing only that objectionable mat-
ter which I understand the Senator from New
Hampshire to desire to spread out before the
country, certainly not for the information of the
country. The ordinary number—some three hun-
dred copies—have already been printed for the use
of the Senate. I do not wish the inflammable mat-
ter to which the Senator alludes sent out as part
and parcel of the proceedings, for I consider that
this document will be inflammable matter without
the testimony upon which the findings of the court
were made.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Texas misun-
derstands me entirely if he understood me as as-
sailing any officer. I stated expressly that I
would not state my opinion on the merits of the
case one way or the other.
Mr. RUSK. Did not the Senator say that he
desired to place before the country the construc-
tion placed upon the law by the Secretary of the
Navy?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. If that is not conveying an insin-
uation against an officer, I misunderstand lan-
guage.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator will be at a
loss to find for whom censure is intended or im-
plied. I said that here was the construction
which I understood the Secretary of the Navy to
put on the administration of that part of the law.
I carefully avoided expressing any opinion, and,
indeed, I cannot say that I have any opinion on
the merits of the particular controversy involved
in this case. I only say that the Senate should
act informedly on the matter. I have no interest
in this matter. I have no friend involved in it
at all.
Mr. MANGUM. This is a very small mat-
ter. I am opposed to the publication of this addi-
tional number of copies of this document, and I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the his-
tory of the Committee on Printing. Sir, that
committee was raised for the purpose of diminish-
ing unnecessary and extravagant expenditure m
regard to the public printing; and the first year it
was in operation, of an equal session with the
session preceding of the same length, the expendi-
ture for the public printing was reduced from
^39,000 to §14,000. I regret to see that we are
running into ancient extravagance. I think we
ought to adhere to the recommendation of the
committee in most cases, especially when they re-
fuse to publish additional numbers of these docu-
ments. We print a vast deal ol matter here that
is of no interest to anybody. As far as is ne-
cessary for our legislation here, we have already
printed the usual number of these documents. On
r consid,-
lorrowf
o the bill
questions of this sort, involving flogging in the
Navy and discipline generally, it may be a desire
to scatter wuch a document in some portions of
the country to produce agitation and to annoy
Senators with petitions on the subject of which
the petitioners know very little practically. I hope
the Senate will refuse the printing of these addi-
tional copies.
The resolution was rejected.
NAVY-YARD AT SAN FRANCISCO.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill to establish a navy-yard and depot
on the Bay of San Francisco, in California, and
for other purposes.
Mr. BADGER stated that his object in calling
for the consideration of this bill was, that he might
have the opportunity to submit several amend-
ments for the purpose of having them printed.
The amendments having been submitted,
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed till to-morro
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to call up
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st day of July,
1801, for the purpose of making it a special order
for some future day. I gave notice, at the time I
reported the bill, that I should propose to have
some day assigned for its special consideration.
It is a matter of so great importance that I think
it should be taken up now for the purpose I have
indicated.
Mr. RUSK. I think our experience with re-
gard to the assignment of a particular day for the
consideration of matters which Senators desire to
j j be made special orders, shows that the effect is to de-
lay them and our other business also. It promotes
debate much more when bills come up out of their
regular order. I think every one will agree with
me, that the result has been as I have stated; and
I hope, therefore, the motion may not prevail. I
shall vote against it.
Mr. WALKER. I entertain the same opinion
with regard to the assignment of particular days
for the consideration of particular bills, which the
honorable Senator from Texas has expressed. I
do not intend to ask for the assignment of any
particular day for the consideration of any meas-
ure in which I am particularly interested. I am
willing that any bill, in which my State is special-
ly interested, shall take its regular turn on the
Calendar; and if it gets no action, I am willing to
let it take its chance in its order. There are indi-
vidual States which are as much interested in the
passage of other bills as the claimants for indem-
nity for French spoliations are for the passage of
this bill, and the representatives of these States
may, with as much propriety, ask that their favor-
ite measures shall be set down as special orders
as these claimants. I hope we have got through
with special orders. I agree with the Senator from
Texas, that special orders provoke debate. Mem-
bers come here prepared to make speeches, and
their speeches touch somebody who feels bound
to reply, and that reply begets another, and so the
debate is continued for a long time. I hope this
bill will not be made a special order, and that no
other special order will be made.
Mr. BRADBURY. This bill is certainly one
of very great importance. It is one upon which
I suppose every Senator will desire to be called to
vote, and my purpose in making it a special order
was, that we might know beforehand when the
subject was to come before us for consideration.
It is usual to give some consideration of this kind
to bills of so much importance, involving so much
general interest. I believe it will not lead to any
increase of debate: but, on the contrary, that de-
bate will thereby be lessened. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will agree to the motion.
Mr. GWIN. It is because this is a bill of great
importance that I am opposed to making it a spe-
cial order. I am anxious to take up the Calen-
dar, and to clear it of all bills as they stand there
in regular succession. I wish to proceed with the
business of the Senate, and I feel assured that by
refusing to make this a special order, and proceed-
ing with the Calendar, we shall accelerate busi-
ness; because gentlemen understanding that to be
the rule will push the business, in order that the
particular bills in which they have an interest may
be reached at an earner dayf I have no desire to
delay action upon this bill. On the contrary, I
agree with the Senator from Maine that this bil(is
one of great importance, and I wish to have it
acted upon as early as possible. But this I think
will be best attained by permitting the bill to re-
tain its present place on the Calendar, while at the
same time great advantage will result to the busi-
ness of the Senate generally by adopting that
course.
Mr. BADGER. Every day furnishes addi-
tional evidence of the propriety of an amendment '
to the rules of the Senate, which I submitted last
session of Congress, and that is, that all questions
in relation to the taking up of bills should be de-
cided without debate. Now, all that I ask of gen-
tlemen is, do not let us consume the whole day
in debating whether we will take up this bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I think if nothing else had
ever been said against this practice of making spe-
cial assignments, there is one argument which
ought to be conclusive against it. That argument
has been repeated so often, that it has now become
perfectly familiar to every member of the Senate,
and it is, that in very many instances, more time
has been consumed on the question of taking up
bills than has been consumed on the merits of the
bills themselves, and the question of their passage.
For that reason, I think that the impolicy of con-
tinuing such a course must be demonstrated to the
Senate. And, sir, there is another matter which
I would mention as a reason why this practice of
making special orders has been resorted to, and
thus far sustained. I know of no other reason
that is usually assigned for making such disposi-
tion of a bill, than that it has some special merit
over other bills, and on that ground precedence is
claimed for it. 1 suppose, however, that there is
no Senator who brings forward a bill here who
does not consider it as of sufficient importance to
claim the speedy attention of the Senate. Now,
sir, there are between fifty and one hundred im-
portant bills before the Senate at this time, and yet
matters which I certainly do not consider of much
importance, have been made special orders, and a
day has been assigned to each of them. And what
advantage do we gain by this? We certainly gain
nothing in favor of the particular bill, if we are to
take equally and fairly the measures which are
brought forward by Senators on this floor. So far
as my short experience has taught me", I am sat-
isfied that this course of making special orders has
delayed the business of the Senate, while it has
done nothing to advance the progress of the par-
ticular bill, the furtherance of which it was in-
tended to promote. Here is an illustration: How
much time have we lost here this morning, in the
mere discussion of whether we will take up a bill?
The amendment, to which the Senator from North
Carolina alluded, was not adopted 
Mr. BADGER. I know it was not.
Mr. BORLAND. And I have made these re-
marks to strengthen the remark made by thatSen-
ator, and with the view of putting a stop, if pos-
sible, to the practice of making special orders.
Mr. BELL. I have one word that I wish to
gay, not upon this question, because by parlia-
mentary law it is not a debatable question, and I
deny that any gentleman is able to show any par-
liamentary law, or anything more than a loose
practice which % as grown up m this body, to war-
rant any debate upon this question. I never knew
in my experience m the other House, that debate
could be extended further, except by general con-
sent, than when a member desired to give priority
to any bill, to give him the opportunity of stating
his reasons why it should be taken up out of its
regular order. If another member rose to speak
upon the question, it was out of order for him to
proceed, except by general consent. This dis-
cussion is clearly out of order, and it is clearly
out of the indulgence of the body that such a prac-
tice has grown up. I know it is very difficult for
you, Mr. President, to restrain members when so
many desire to express their sentiments and opin-
ions for or against a proposition of this kind; but
I must maintain that it is now out of order. I
have not said anything except in vindication of
what I consider to be the parliamentary order of
the body. If Senators choose -to indulge in a
licentious debate of this description^ is their own
fault, but it is out of order.
Mr. BADGER. Following the example of my
friend who has just taken his seat, and endeavoring
