400
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27.
to add some reasons tf> those offered by the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas wliy the amendment -of
the rules which I proposed should have been
adopted, I will not say a word about this propo-
sition. My friend thinks he has escaped all the
difficulty of an irregular debate, because he has
made a speech, and did not say one word upon
the question before the Senate. [Laughter.] Now,
I will follow his example, because i know I shall
then be in order; for he says it is out of order to
specie upon the question before the Senate, and
you avoid all difficulty by speaking upon ques-
tions not under consideration by this body. I
will follow that example, and in the first place, 1
beg to suggest to the {Senate that our rules specify
the questions which sh&ll be decided without de-
bate, and that I do not know any other parlia-
mentary body whose rules can add to the number
of umiebatable questions m this body; and every
question, which is not by a rule of the Senate, or
by the long and well-established usage of the Sen-
ate—which supplies the place of an express rule—
declared to be not debatable, is of course deba-
table, The right of debate exists in every case,
except when it is excluded by an express rule.
Now, when my friend speaks of " licentious
debate" here, I take occasion to say, that though
such debate may exist in other bodies, it is totally
unknown here.
I wish to say, that from the little experience we
have had to-day, added to the days upon days
and weeks upon weeks that have been consumed,
during the five years that I have had the honor of
serving in this body, in determining whether we
should take up one question or another in order to
give it precedence over some other, I am induced
to, hope that some gentleman of greater powers of
pursuasion than 1 possess may yet introduce a
a rule which will declare that the question of pri-
o/ity shall be decided without debate. This ques-
tion ought to have been decided long since, one way
or the other. If I may be pardoned for the sug-
gestion, I will say that I see no impropriety in
giving precedence to claims of this sort to which
this bill refers. They are of half a century's
standing, and have been discussed and rediscussed
m both branches of Congress for twenty-five
years, and the most able reports have been repeat-
edly made upon them in both Houses of Congress,
umfoimly favorable. The bill has once passed
both Houses of Congress, authorizing their pay-
ment, and it was rejected by the Executive for
three reasons, one of which was, that we were at
war, and not in a situation to pay our debts. That
reason has passed away. We have, according to
a report made at the beginning of the session, a
surplus of twenty millions of dollars, and I think
this is a very good time to bring forward these
claims and pass them, and show that the reason
given before was true, that we needed the money
for fighting and could not pay our debts; but thot
we now have it, and will apply it to satisfy just
demands.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the special order.
Mr. BORLAND. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. By your kindness, Mr, Pres-
ident, I have been allowed to take from your table
the list of the present special or^rs, and by that
list I find, first of all, the bill offered by the Sena-
ator from fo\v«, [Mr. Jokes,] in relation to a "rant
of lands for the making of a railroad in that State.
The PRESIDENT. That is the unfinished
business.
"Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir, it was a special or-
der, and became the unfinished business. Next
we have a resolution, offered by a gentleman who
is no longer a member of this body—a very prac-
tical resolution, sir, [a laugh]—the resolution of-
fered by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Footc J on the subject of the compromise. The
next is a bill to improve the navigation of the
Upper Mississippi; and then another, in the shape
of a joint resolution in regard to the printing of
Seventh Census. Now these subjects have all been
wrested from their order on the Calendar,and made
specinl oiders. i think that my friend from Ar-
kausu^, [Mr. Borland,] as well as my friend who
sits before me, [Mr. Walker,] both favored the
propositions,•maktng them special orders.
Mr. WALKER. You are wrong in that sup-
position.
Mr.- HAMLIN. The Senator-from Wisconsin
says I am wrong. It may be so, but such was
my impression. At all events, I think that those
who are so devoted-to the measure for giving away
two millions of acres of the public land, will .not
deny to this class of claims which, as the Senator
from North Carolina has truly said, have been of
more than half a century standing, the right of be-
ingplacedin an equally favorable position. I think,
too, that those who have aided in this bill-—and the
thing is not alone, nor are those special orders with-
out their particular friends, and I think that the
early improvement, of the navigation of the Upper
Mississippi, and the question of the printing of the
Seventh Census, are subjects of importance—may
be expected to join in giving to this measure a
place on the Calendar, which shall only ask the
action of the Senate affirmatively or negatively,
so that if adopted it may go to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and be there adopted or rejected, as
that body may decide. I have been one of a small
minority of the whole Senate who have from time
tdjime urged an adherence to the Calendar, so
thata® business may come up in its order, and
on tlms question I have been voted down on every
occasion; and I now ask, and I trust that I may
ask with some confidence, those Senators who
have obtained their special orders to allow this
question to have a position equally favorable with
their own.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to add to the re-
marks of my colleague, the statement that this
bill stands next—or nearly next—on the Calendar
to the bill granting lands to the State of Iowa, so
that, had that bill not been made a special order,
this one would have followed almost immediately
afterwards, and it would be doing no more than
the same measure of justice that has been done to
that bill, to make it a special order. It would
come up at an eaily day, without any assignment;
but we wish to see this bill taken up and acted
upon, if possible, on the first day that it may be
brought before the Senate for consideration. It is
not my purpose to consume a long time in the
consideration of this bill, and for that reason I
thought it might be deemed proper to have a day
designated for it, so that we might have a full
Senate, and have it disposed of without unneces-
sary consumption of time.
Mr. BORLAND, In response to the Senator
from Maine, with regard to the order of business
on the Calendar, 1 desire to call attention to the
Calendar, by which it will be perceived that the
bill granting land to the State of Iowa, to aid in
the construction of a railroad, is number one, and
in the order of business is number twenty-two;
that to provide for the ascertainment and satisfac-
tion of claims for spoliations by the French, is
number fifty-nine in the order of business, and
nutnber sixty-four in the order of bills presented
to the Senate. The bill granting land to Iowa
stands at the head of the list, where it stood at the
beginning of the session.
Mr. HALE. It is with great reluctance that I
separate myself from the friends of this measure
on the question now before the Senate. I have
uniformly voted for the bill, and shall continue to
do so; for I believe it is one of the few cases in
which I can honestly vote money out of the
Treasury, because I think it is tu pay honest
debts. But 1 shall vote against the motion to take
up the bill out of its order, for the reason given by
the honorable Senator from Maine; for 1 do not
want to put it in the same company with the res-
olution offered by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foot*:,] nor the one relating to the printing
of the Census, and other measures, which have
been made special orders. I have very rarely
voted to make special orders; I have contended
with the Senator from Maine, in a small minority
to enfoice the rules, and adhere to the Calendar.
I shall vote against all special orders, and if the
Senate will vote with me, I will vote to lay all bills
on the table till they are reached in their regular
order. When this bill comes up, 1 will give it all
the support I can, but I cannot vote to take it up
out of its order.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I suppose, Mr. Pres-
ident, (hat there is no more decided enemy to these
French spoliation claims than I am; but the cour-
tesy which is asked by the advocates of this bill
is one which I feel bound to concede to them. I
wish them to have an opportunity, at an early
day, of trying the strength of this measure; and
in view of its magnitude, and the length of time
that it has been pending, I shall vote for taking it
up now, in order that that-disposition may be
made of it which is asked for.
The question was taken upon the motion to take
up the bill, and resulted—yeas 26, nays 17; as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Berrien, Bradbury^
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Bodge Of
Iowa, Downy, Feleb, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, James, Jones of
Iowa, Jonesof Tennessee, Maliory, Miller, Pearce, Smith,
Soulfi, Sprnanee, Sumnei, Upham, and Wade—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Boiland. Clemens, Dawson,
Douglas, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, King, Me.llae,
Mangum, Noms, ILtisx, Sebastian, Walker, and Wlnt-
comb—17.
So the motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I now move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill till the first
Monday of February next, at one o'clock, and that
it be made the special order for that day.
Mr. FELCH. I would suggest to the Senator
from Maine t.o postpone it for a longer period.
Mr. BORLAND. There is anotherspecial or-
der appointed for that day.
Mr. FELCH. One of the members of the
committee, I believe, wishes to make a minority
report. I refer to the Senator from Indiana, who
is now sick. I would, therefore, suggest the third
Monday in February.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan make a motion to that effect?
Mr. FELCH. 1 will make that motion.
, The-PRKSIDENT. The question will first be
taken on the longest day.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the bill till
the thud Mondfiyin February; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
RAILROADS I2V IOWA.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the unfinished business
of the preceding day, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Underwood to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands to the " bill granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in aid of the construction of certain railroads
in said State."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not present yesterday
when this amendment was offered, nor had I the
good fortune to hear the speech of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.] If
I understand the amendment it is to propose an
equal distribution of the public lands among all
the States of the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It proposes a pro rata
distribution among States which have not received
public lands,, according to the population, to a
certain extent. All the States omitted in that
amendment which I offered have received a larger
portion than the States provided for in the amend-
ment. They are a great deal in advance pf the
other States already in the amount they have re-
ceived, and m order to make the amount given to*
the States named in the amendment equal to that
received by the new States, not mentioned m the
amendment, I propose to give about 14,500,000
acres to the States which I have named in mv
amendment; the other States having received much
more.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely rise to state that I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, although I shall vote against the bill,
whether that amendment is adopted or not.
Mr. ATCHISON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Kentucky, and that is. why he
has left out of his amendment the State of Texas ?
She has never received any of the public lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state the reason,
for the satisfaction of the Senator from Missouri,
which operated upon me in doing so. I thought
that the grant of $10,000,000 to the State of Texas,
and the further grant of thirty thousand square
miles of land, which she did not own, was a great,
deal more to Texas in land, and money too, than
we ever could expect to get for the old States, from
any portion of the public lands. That is the rea-
son why I left it out. [Laughter.]
Mr. Scmxer addressed the Senate, in favor of
the bill. A report of liis speech will be found in
the Appendix. ♦
