1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
cis. Such are the reasons why the cession to the
United States was made subject-to the conditions
mentioned.* If settlement ami the erection of new
communities were the objects and not the condition
of the cession, then there was no use in making
the cession. The proprietary States were full as
competent to sell or bestow the iandsas the-United
-States could he. And as to the erection of new
communities and the 'establishment of territorial
governments, the gentleman from Ohio denies, I
think, tln'u Congress has any such power. But
no one will deny that Virginia and.the other land
States had the power to do this. In this respect,
there was,'therefore, something lost and nothing
> gained, if the view of the gentleman from Ohio
be correct as to the objects of the cession.
I know that in early times, resolutions were
adopted by the different parties concerned, favor-
able to the idea of the sale and settlement of the
public domain, but those resolutions, as I have
already stated, resulted from fears that it might be
kept out of market, with the atm of preventing
settlement, and to the injury of the Union which
had instant and urgent need for the fund.
(Here the hammer fell.]
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of their Secretary, Asbury Dick-
ies, Esq., informing the House of the passage of
sundry bills.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. HALL. T move to amend the amendment,
by inserting " and the soldiers of the war-of 1812."
Mr. McNAIR. They are already included in
the amendment.
Mr. HALL. Then I move to strike out <c 160/
and insert " 320." I hold that we have thepower
to pass this bill, and I wish to say a few words
upon that point.
-Mr. FLORENCE. -I would suggest to my
colleague, [Mr. McNaiR,] that the soldiers of the
War of 1812 are not-included in his amendment.
Mr, McNAIR. Read the amendment, and it
will be seen that they are included.
Mr, HAIsL. I cannot give way for the read-
ing of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, thegentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephen's]'and the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,]
seem to misunderstand altogether the title which
we~have to the larger portion of our public domain.
According to my reading, Georgia never did own
-California and New Mexico, Virginia never did
own Flotida and Louisiana, and a great portion
of the territory which we now own, was not ob-
tained by cession from any of the old States, but
was obtained by cession from France, Mexico,
and Spain. If, therefore, gentlemen find any diffi-
culty in applying the provisions of this bill to the
land ceded by the old States, let them propose to
except it from the operation of this bill.
With regard to that great portion of the public
domain which has not been ceded by the old States,
how does the matter stand ? Will the gentleman
from Georgia, or the gentleman from South Caro-
lina pretend- that .we ever bought those lands for
the purpose of speculation ? What'sort of an ar-
gument would it have been to the American people
in favor of purchasingLuuisiana", that by acquiring
that country we should receive millions into the
Treasury from the sale of the public lands5 Such
an argument ns that could not have got a single
vote in ahy part of the country. Was it ever
made when we proposed to purchase Florida, or
when we bought California and New Mexico ?
This whole principle on which we acquire terri-
tory, was up in the question of the annexation of
Texas. On what ground did we go for the an-
nexation of Texas? Was it because we were
going to speculate in the land which we supposed
we should acquire by the annexation of Texas'
Why no, but because we should acquire a great
State, extend our area, increase our population,
and in that way extend our wealth and multiply
our commerce. It was on that ground, too, that
we annexed Louisiana, Florida, California, and
New Mexico. The idea of speculating in the pub-
lic lands never entered into the head of any Ameri-
can statesman when we made those acquisitions,
and it would have-been ridiculous, after the ex-
perience we had had in regard to the public lands,
to have recommended the annexation or acquisi-
tion of territory on any such argument as that.
The w'hcfto purpose and motive the Government
had in view in acquiring this territory, was to
extend our population, to extend the area of free-
dom—in the phrase of the day—and in that-way,
to multiply the resources, wealth, and prosperity
of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would beg leave to remind the committee of the
rule which requires gentlemen, in speaking to
amendments to confine themselves to the question
before the committee, and to announce that if gen-
tlemen, in the course of debate hereafter, in the
opinion of the Chair, clearly wander from the
question, he will feel it to be his duty to call them
to order.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, for the reason that I do not believe we ha\e
a right to give away the public lands. The gen-
tleman from Missouri bases his whole aigument
upon the ground, that the United States Govern-
ment has no right to speculate in the public lands.
Mr. HALL. I did not say so. 1 said that we
never bought land for the purpose of speculating
in it. That is not the object of this Government,
or of any other Government in acquiring territory.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I do not perceive the i
force of the gentleman's argument. Now, 1 main- i
tain that the Federal Government, if it has a right
to purchase lands at all, it has a right to speculate
in the public lands. As has already been said,
one of the leading objects of the purchase was rev-
enue. Now, where do we derive power to lay
taxes and collect revenue—to distribute it among
poor people or among rich people? And if we
have no power thus to deal with money, by what
right can we collect revenue to purchase land, for !
the purpose of distributing land among the people j
generally, or among a particular class? Gentle- j
men say that it is because we have a plenary |
power'under the Constitution to dispose of the j
public domain. Now, I deny that the Federal |
Government has any plenary powers in the ordt- |
nary acceptation of the words. The powers are j
all limited to the object's scope and intention, for j
which the Federal Government and the Federal I
Constitution were ordained. There are no unlim-
ited powers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
remind the gentleman from Te^as that the amend-
ment against which he is speaking is to strike out
" 160." and insert " 320," and to suggest that the
gentleman must confine his argument to that ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, I say that we
have no constitutional power to give away three
hundred and twenty acres of the public domain.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Texas
must confine himself, in the opinion of the Chair,
to the merits of three hundred and twenty acres
in preference to one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. HOWARD. I am confining my remarks,
as I think, to that question; and I make this appli-
cation, that it must be perfectly obvious that we
have no right to dispose of the public domain for
any other purposes than for those which will carry
out some power expressly granted in the Consti-
tution. Now, sir, you look in vain for any power
in the Constitution which confers upon you the
right to give away the public property of any
kind. You cannot give a^vay the ships of the
Navy. You cannot give away the material of
the Army.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. (Interrupting.)
With the permission of thegentleman from Texas,
I desire to ask him a question. Thegentleman is
raising a constitutional point. Now, I want to
ask him where Congress derived the power to give
to a portion of the States twenty millions of acres
of land, worth twenty-five millions of dollars, and
to give not an acre to others? And I want to ask
him, further, if he did not vote to make a grant of
lands worth twenty-five millions of dollars to
some States and withheld it from others?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not. see the pertinency
of the gentleman's question. One unconstitutional
act could not make another unconstitutional act
constitutional. But I do not know to what act
the gentleman alludes.
A Member. He means the railroad bills.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a proprietary act, to
inci ease the value of the remainder of the public
lands, and it is direct in its object. But there is a
manifest distinction bfetweert this bill and the bills
which have heretofore-been passed making cdn-
cessions to railroads and to other works. Those
acts reserve a certain amount of the public domain
along the lines of the railroads and increase the
price of those lands.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. McNAIR. I wish to make a brief expla-
nation of my amendment. . [Cries ofOrUfrrj or-
der!"] But f want to set myself right. [Renewed
cries ofsi Order!"] ' , . ,
The CHAIRMAN. "No further debate is in
order.
The question was then put upon Mr. Hall's
amendment to the amendment, and it was-not
agreed to.
The question recurring upon Mr. McNair's
amendment, it was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Would it be in order now
to move to strike out the fiist section and insert a
substitute^
The CHAIRMAN. There is amotion to that
effect already-pending.
' Mr. MOREHEAD. I move" to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the 1st section, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all the; public-lands remaining unsold, or unap
piopn.itert, mi the 1st riav of September, 1853, be divided
between The «eveial Statu* of the United States, and the
citizens theieof, in piopornoii to the Federal population of
each State and Teintory.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
am^idment out of order, because it relates to a
subject not germane to the subject of the bill, and
because there is a substitute for the first section
already pending1.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Is -it in order to oiler it
as an amendment to the proposed substitute?.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot receive
it as an amendment to the substitute, because it is
not germane to the bill. The question now is on
the substitute for the first section, offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
reading of the fiist section of the bill, as it- now
stands.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
Be it enacted, 4'v - That every man or widow who is
the head of a family, and a citizen of tJie United States,
Mialljfiom and after the passage of this act, be entitled to
enter, ftue ot co^t, one quarter section of vacant and tinap-
propi lated public land*, or a quantity equal therein, to be
located in a bodv, in conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public land-*, and after the same shall have been sur-
veyed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wiMiiow withdraw my sub-
stitute, as the section embraces substantially what
I piopose.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman can withdraw his amendment.'
Mr. MOLONY. I object.. I desire to submit
an amendment to that substitute, which I intended
to offer wheft 1 made my speech upon this bill, but
failed to do so for want of time.' I move to insert
after the words <f first day of January, 3802," the
words 44 or shall become a citizen after."
I gave my reasons for supporting this amend-
ment at length in my remarks on the homestead
bill, and I shall not, therefore, occupy the time of
the committee further than to say that the effect of
the amendment, if adopted, would be to allow any
emigrant who-may hereafter declare his intention
to become a citizen, when he shall become a citi-
zen after a residence of five years, to avail him-
self of the benefits of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will merely
say that I think the first section of the bill is now
about as perfect as we can gpt it; and it is for that
reason that I am willing to withdraw my amend-
ment. I hope the committee will vote down all
other amendments.
The question was then taken on Mr. Molony's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I move to amend, in the
fourth line, by insetting the word " white," be-
fore the word "citizen;" so q.s to make it read,
" and a white citizen of the United States."
Mr. CABLE. Is that in order?' Has not the
section been passed upon ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from North Carolina to propose
an amendmentto thefirst.section. He thinks that
the amendment is not now in order, the House
havmgpassed from that section to the consideration
of the substitute offered by the gentleman from
