1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2179
walked with as proud and mighty a step as any of
God's created beings. Let Senators not suppose
that I am drawing on my fancy for this picture of
the Sioux and the Snake Indians. They were at
that time as gallant, as noble, as generous, and as
hospitable men as any who live, or I know noth-
ing of human life or character. I go further: they
were in the full possession and unannoyed enjoy-
ment of their hunting grounds, in the enjoyment
of peace, tranquillity, and happiness, under the
direction of their own independent and brave
chiefs. From St. Joseph, in Missouri, to the
Pacific, there was one great community of na-
ture's children, happy and content. But, alas,
what is their condition now? Sad, sad! Your
armies of emigrants have traversed annually their
territory, and drove away rheir game, and eaten
up their pastures, until death and starvation stares
them in the face. They have lost their game, and
they are sorrowful; they have lost their country,
and they are indignant and revengeful. I per-
suaded them to peace; they agreed, but implored
that their gieat father—a father, indeed! as he
had destroyed their hunting grounds, he would, at
least, give them lands fit for agriculture, and im-
plements of husbandry, and persons to instruct
them in the art of raising bread. But what has the
father done ?
Sir, these people must all leave their usual hunt-
ing grounds, and who is to care for them? After
these armies of men have crossed the mountains,
and arrived in California, their first business seems
to be, to drive off or kill the Indians. There is
not a brute that walks on the face of the earth that
has been so much contemned and despised and
cruelly treated as have been these Indians from the
timeof the first invasion up to the present. These
Indians in California are spread over the whole
mountainous pail of that State. When we took
possession, we found them a kind and docile, but
not a warlike people, comparatively contented and
happy, and friends We have driven them from
their homes; have despoiled them of their property,
and drove them from the mines. What wonder
that they are hostile? From this very land of theirs
we have taken millions on millions of gold, and
now, when we are asked to appropriate $100,000
to save them from starving, the Constitution of
the United States is invoked to pie\entit. Yes,
sir, that sacred instrument is invoked, and thrust
between us and our consciences and our dear-
est sensibilities. It was invoked yesterday to
save the white man, and to-day it is invoked to
destroy the Indian. If the Constitution of the
United States forbids me fiom aiding, by an ap-
propriation of money, to save the California In-
dians from starvation—if it should step, with
blasphemous intrusion, between me and those
sacred feelings of our nature which God and na-
ture's God has planted in the breast of poor hu-
manity—then I say that my friends will know
where to find me in regard to the construction of
that instrument.
But, sir, the Constitution of my country tells
me no such thing. Its whole spirit breathes a
spirit of philanthropy and love to men everywhere.
It is universal love, as well as universal freedom,
which is taught by the Constitution of the United
States. Sir, so far from considering this as a do-
nation—so far from considering this proposition,
which asks you to give but $100,000, as an ex-
travagant donation, I hold that you are bound by
all your responsibilities as men and as Christians,
by all your responsibilities as Senators and states-
men, to protect them, cost what it may.
That there may be no misapprehension about
this amendment, 1 will repeat what I take to be its
object—its essence. It is to save the Indians in
California from starvation. We are told that
there are seventy thousand Indians in a starv-
ing condition in California. 1 believe it; and
these are the Indians of whom I have endeavored
to draw a feeble picture, and to whom I feel that
we are so much indebted, and for whom we can-
not do too much. But it is said that this bill
has not come up in a proper shape; tlratif we
pass this appropriation we shall be setting a pre-
cedent hereafter to be followed, and therefore that it
ought not to be passed. We are further informed
that even if it were a thing proper to be done,
that $100,000 would not be enough to answer
the purpose, and therefore it should not pass.
Some gentlemen would not have it done because
it is not entirely in accordance with their parlia-
mentary notions and their technical ideas; others
say that it is opposed to their views of proper
economy in the administration of this Govern-
ment. Sir, while we are endeavoring to settle
those differences of opinion, let me again remind
Senators that the Indians are starving.
In conclusion, Mr. President, 1 will also say
that you have destroyed the homes of these peo-
ple, devastated their villages; you have taken away
their occupation, and you have extracted millions
upon millions of gold from their mines; and the
least you can do is to give them this' £100,000;
ay, sir, and §500,000 more, if necessary to preserve
peaceful relations with them, or to keep them from
starvation.
Mr. BUTLER. This amendment has brought
to the consideration of the Senate many topics of
great importance, as they affect the government
of this whole country, and the government of Cal-
ifornia towards the Indians.
If the Senator from New Jersey supposes that I
insist upon the parliamentary usages of this coun-
try, because they conflict with his sympathies for
the savage race, he is mistaken. So far from doing
so, I believe that, to treat the Indians properly, we
ought to have an enlightened system for their pro-
tection against the robber. I will go as far as that
honorable gentleman, or any other Senator, to pro-
vide land for the aborigines; for I never imbibed
any sentiments of hostility towards them—senti-
ments which have become too general, owing to
the savage warfare on the frontiers. I have had
every inducement to indulge the feeling which has
been excited by the eloquent remarks of the Sen-
ator; but this mode of temporizing with these poor
creatures is not the pioper way of meeting the
difficulty, or relieving their sufferings. It. us the
worst step that could be devised; it is the way to
promote that degree of degeneracy which wastes
them away; and no man less commends himseif
to my mind than a degenerate savage. If you
offer to feed him, the moment you do so you hold
out a lure to come back to your precincts, and to
abandon his own. In my judgment, it is the woist
form in which you could propose to bestow a
gift.
I would say to the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walrkr,] in connection with his home-
stead projects, that 1 should be glad to see a large
proportion of those public lands appropriated to
the Indians out of the domain which he would
partition out to foreigners who are invited here to
drive them off. That is my view of the case.
I think that the Executive Department of this
Government is bound by the highest obligations
to send to Congress, for our legislation, some en-
lightened system for the protection and support of
these poor beings. What is then fate? hleieto-
fore they could take counsel with hope, and weie
not doomed to bitter despair. We could drive
them, and drive them, from the east to the west,
and in driving them from us there were still broad
lands on which they could rest with some degree
of hope. Their fate is identified in some degree
with that of the buffalo. We have driven them off,
and they have dm en off the buffalo. What is then-
condition now? The last ray of hope is extin-
guished. They must look to despair in future.
Yes, they must starve, and starve by the white
man's injustice. What is their position at this
time? We have commenced our settlements on
the Pacific; where will you now drive them Will
you set apart lands for their own use5 Wheie
are the lands? And if we had them, how long
would the Indian's rights be respected by the
white man? If the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Stockton] will bring forward a plan by
which land can be appropriated for the use of
these wretched people, and which will set guards
against the robber, I will go with him; but this
temporizing, I repeat, is delusive.
If it were put to me as an abstract proposition,
that these Indians, who have been grossly de-
ceived, were likely to starve; if it were put to me
m that shape, and 1 had bread in my hand, 1
would give it to them freely, and should make use
of the Government funds for the same humane
purpose; there is nothing m the Constitution which
would forbid it.
I believe there is more wisdom in the instincts
of a warm heart than in the devices of a crafty
head. I believe there is more wisdom in instinct
than in mere abstract reasonings; and, therefore,
I fully concur in all the honorable and just senti-
ments of the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton;] but before I indulge the dictates of
that instinct, I must have some surety that they
will not be abused. I know that it is from the in-
su net of that gentleman's heart that he takes coun-
sel , but it must not be abused. What benefit will
it confer on the objects of his solicitude if this
money is appropriated only to be wasted, like the
corn which the herdsman carries to the hogs, but
which he scatters abroad on the ground before
reaching them ? That would be the effect of our
donation. I have no confidence whatever that
this sum of $100,000 would be employed for the
benefit of the Indians. None at all. If this propo-
sition is stated, the Indians will starve except this
appropriation is made, then I say that the sum is
insufficient, inadequate, for the end proposed.
This amendment does not cover the ground taken
by its advocates. The question is not treated in
the manner it deserves by the proposal now made.
It should have come here with a higher sanction;
it should have proceeded from the Executive De-
partment of the Government, after full investiga-
tion by the proper Department. If I conceived,
however, that it was necessary, I would vote for it
as it is; but as I believe it to be delusive m its
nature, I cannot.
Mr. WALKER. One word in reply to the re-
marks of the Senator from South Carolina in ref-
erence to my homestead policy. I will battle that
with him as long as he pleases.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not mean to battle it; but
I would give more to the Indian than I would to
the people to whom you would give it.
Mr. WALKER. I will not be drawn from
my object by any side-bar remarks. The Senator
from South Carolina says that he is in favor of a
large aiea for the Indians, while he would curtail
that which I would set apart for the foreigner.
The first inference that might be drawn from that
remark by those who did not know what I ha\e
been doing in the Senate would be, that I had set
myself up as the peculiar champion of foreigners,
and that I was in favor of voting a part of the
public domain to their use. This, Mr. President,
would be an unjust inference, and the Senator
from South Carolina knows it as well as any Sen-
ator. He certainly could not have intended to
use language from which such an infcrencc could
be drawn. However that may be, he has certainly
used such language. T am as willing as he is to
treat the Indian as well as I would treat the white
man; although from the Senator's remarks he has
intimated that he did not think so.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 certainly would not drive
the Indian off with the view of letting any one else
enjoy their lands.
Mr. WALKER. I have not proposed to drive
the Indian off to allow anybody to come and take
his place; but T have contended that in those States
where the Indian title was already extinguished,
the Government should no longer hold lands at
frl 25 per acre, with a view of making a profit
upon them, when they can make a much larger
profit by making free grants. Havel ever pro-
posed to go into the Indian territory, and drive
away the Indians for the purpose of making settle-
ments for the white man? Never.
I am glad that the Senator from South Carolina
is so far a homestead man, that he is willing to
provide a permanent home for the Indian. I am
willing, this day, if a plan can be devised to carry
it into effect, to vote to set apart a Territory to
which the Indians may freely go—to which, if
necessary, they could be compelled to go; and I
am willing to provide further, that it may be made
a capital offense if a white man should trespass
upon them. Is the Senator from South Carolina
willing to go as far as that > If he is, lie is as good
a homestead man as I could wish. But I am not
willing to roll that Indian population back upon
the States in which their title has been extin-
guished, and permit them to drive off the white
man. And while I would not do this, I would
not act the dog in the manger—without meaning
any offense—and permit a white man to do what
1 would not permit an Indian to do.
I trust that Senator wil1 adhere to his homestead
notions m regard to the Indians; and I have some
hopes of his coming over to the notion of the home-
stead in favor of the white man; that his noble
generosity will prompt hmi to treat the white man
as well as he would treat the Indian.
So far as the foreign population are concerned,
