1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. GJancy Jones,
George G. King. Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz. Mann,
Humphrey Mai^hall, Martm, McDonald. McLanahan,
McNaii, Miller, Millson, Minei, Molony, John Moore,
Moiehcad, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Orr, Out-
law, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Penniman, Phelps, Rantoul, Riddle, Russell, Sackett,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scuddei, Orisjen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Smait, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton," Abra-
ham P.^tevens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Strother,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Townshend, Tuck, Venable,
Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Watkms, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, and Woodwaid—148.
^NAYS—Messrs. Charles Alien, Thomas If. Bayly, Beale,
Breckenridg:e, Brenton, liusby, Cobb, Dawson, Dean, Dun-
ham, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gayloid, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hendricks, Ilenn, HowauL fn<:er-
soll, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, Mason, McCoiklc,McMul~
lin, Meade, Nabers, Olds, Polk, Price, llobbins, Robinson,
Savage, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Sweetser,
George W. Thompson, and Wilcox—45.
So the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON CENSUS PRINTING.
Mr. POLK offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on joint i evolution No. 12, >hall cea-e
on Thursday next at two o'clock, and they shall then pro-
ceed to vote on such amendments as maybe pending or
ofteied to the same, and shall then leport it to the notice
with Mich amendments as may have been agieed to by the
committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that that resolu-
tion is not in order at this time. It is not proper
to offer such a resolution until the matter has been
up in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and has been debated there. It has
been so decided by the last Speaker. I know that
fact. I remember it distinctly.
Mr. POLK. I have not surrendered the floor
yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
resolution is in order.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to lay it. upon
the table.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina cannot submit that motion until I yield the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The question not being de-
batable, the gentleman from Tennessee had no
right to retain the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intended to appeal from
the decision of the Chair—that this resolution is
now in order.
Mr. POLK. It is very strange that gentlemen
upon the other side should be so anxious that the
debate should progress upon this question. There
must be some object—some purpose in it.
Mr. STANLY. There is. We desire to save
the public money.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Polk,] closing debate upon the joint res-
olution just referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, is m order, and
from that decision the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Clijjgmas:] appeals.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the reading of the
rule making a resolution of that kind m order.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina state when such a resolution would be in
order* .
Mr. CLINGMAN. After the joint resolution
had been debated in CommiLtee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. POLK. For how long?
A Member. For one minute even.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as follows:
" The House mav. at any time, by a vote of a majority
of the members present, suspend the rules and orders lor
the purpose of going into Committee of the VV hole House
on the i-tate ot ilie" Union ; and also for providing foi the
dischaiff of tiie Committee of the \\ hole Uou^e. and the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the I nion,
fiom the further consultation ot any bill refeired to it,
aftei aemitf without debate on all amendments pending,
and that may be otieied."
The Chair is still of the opinion that the reso-
lution is in order. .
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the Chair allow me
to state that the ground upon which his predeces-
sor based his decision was with reference to the
words " further consideration
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I know that Mr. Cobb
decided again and again—and so did Mr. Win-
thro p—that it was not in order to offer a resolu-
tion of this kind until the matter had been consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, i see no reason for chunging^th&t
practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
general power given to the House extends to the
fixing of a time for closing the debate on a propo-
sition in advance of its actual consideration in the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would in-
quire of the Chair, by way of suggestion to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, whether there is not a
special order for Thursday next, and from day to
day thereafter? A majority of the House cannot
supersede a special order already made.
Mr. POLK. Can the gentleman from Georgia
inform me what was the hour fixed for that spe-
cial order ?
The SPEAKER. For the entire day and from
day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that he can attain his
object by modifying las resolution so as to read,
that the debate shall cease in fifteen minutes, or
one hour, after the committee shall take the sub-
ject up.
Mr. POLK. I will accept of that modifica-
tion.
Mr. ORR. Was not an appeal taken from the
decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. There was; but the gentle-
man from Tennessee has aright to modify his res-
olution. ;
Mr. HIBBARD. Is not the question now
pending upon the appeal ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HIBBARD. Then I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. POLK then modified his resolution so as
to read that the debate should cease in one hour
after the committee should take up the subject.
Mr. CLING MAN. My objection stiil lies.
The usual resolution has been, that the debate
shall cease within one hour after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it compe-
tent for the House to order the committee even to
be discharged from any consideration of the sub-
ject.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is no doubt about
that, but that is under a different rule.
Mr. POLK. Will it be in order, to avoid the
objection of the gentleman from North Carolina,
to amend the resolution so as to make it read,
" on Wednesday next at three o'clock"'"
The SPEAKER.. That would not obviate the
objection raised by the gentleman fiom North
Carolina.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the appeal upon the table, and, on a count,
there were—ayes 71.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered.
Mr. POLK demanded the yeas aad nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. MEADE. 1 desire to inquire of the Speaker
what is the state of the question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for the
! information of the gentleman and the House, that
1 the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] de-
! sired to offer a resolution closing debate m Coin-
! mittee of the Whole upon the joint 1 evolution m
relation to the Census printing. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Cli.ygman} made the
! point of order that the House could not close
, debate in the Committee of the Whole upon a
! subject until the committee had had the subject
; first under consideration. The Chair decided that
| the resolution was m order. From that decision
j the gentleman fiom North Carolina [Mr. Cli.yg-
! man] appeals. The gentleman from New Hamp-
1 shire [Mr. HjbbardJ moves to lay that appeal
i upon the table. The question now is, therefore,
' "Shall the appeal from the decision of the Chair lie
upon the table?" Upon that question the yeas
j and nays have been ordered.
' The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas TG, nays 107; as follows:
i YEAS—Me«-sr<. W. Allen* Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlelt,
: Beale. IJicekennde, Brigi?-1, Buell, Busby, Caldwell, T.
! Campbell, Chatham, Clark, Coleman, Cuitis, Dawson,
i Dean, Dirmntek, Dunham, Edmimdson, Freeman, Gay-
' lord Genti\. Gilnune, Gorman, Green, Hamilton, Miatn
' G Ham*, Samp&on W. Harris, Hart, Hascall, Hemlock-,
; Henn, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Howaid, Inger^olJ, Kobeit W.
! Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letchci,
"Lockhart, Mace. Mason, McCorkJe, McLanalian, MeMui-
ltn, MeNau, Mornson, Murray, lYahers, Olds. Andrew
Parker, Samuel YV. Parker, Penn, Polk, Price, Rantoul,
Kiddle, Rohbins, Robinson, Russell, Savage, David L. Sey-
mour, tfkelion, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Smart, George VV. Thompson, Thurston, Wilcox, and
Wildnek—76.
NAYS—.Messrs. Abeicrombie, Aiken, Charles Allen, Al-
lison, \V. Apple ion, Ashe, Averett, Bariere, Bell, Ribichau?,
Boeoek, Bra<,% Brenton, Brooks, Albeit G. Blown, George
II. Brown, Bnuovvs, E. Canmgton Cabell, LewisI). Camp-
bell, Cartter, Ca-kie, Chnginiui, Cobb, Colcock, Conger,
1 Haven, liebard, Holhulay, Horstord, John VV. Howe,
j Thomas Y. Mow, IJuntei, Tve^, Jaclwni, Jenkins. Andrew
Johnson. Jamc<? Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
; Georiie W. Jones, Geoige G lviiii.', Mann, Humphrey
J Marshall, Martin, McDonald, Millei, Millson, Miner, Mo-
J lony, Morehead, Mutphy, Neweon, On, Outlaw, Peaslee,
■ Peumman, Phelp*, Portei, Sehooleiaft, Schoonmaker,
Scuddei, Scurry, Smart, Sfmly, Benjamin Stanton,Stroth-
er, Sweersei, Taj lor, Benjamin Thompson, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbrid/io, Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Washburn,
Wafkms, Welch, Weils, Addison White, Alexander
' White, Williams, and Yates—107.
! So the House refused to lay the appeal upon the
1 table.
j The question now being;, " Shall the decision of
i the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
; Mr. CLINGMAN'called for tellers; which
j were ordered, and Messrs. Cmngman, andSTAN-
tov of Tennessee, were appointed.
Mi. SKELTON. 1 desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House referred this
j resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union.
! TheSPRAKF.il. ThepenOeman's motion will
j be entertained, but the Chair thinks that the ques-
; tuin of order must fiist be disposed of.
i! The resolution was then again read as modified.
• j Mr. POLK. If the resolution is still under my
i control, I desire again to modify it, so as to close
1 debate in live hours, instead of one hour after the
i j Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
j! shall again ha\e entered upon its consideration.
|i TheSPEAKER. The gentleman can so mod-
\\ ify the resolution, if the decision of the Chair is
; sustained; but the question of order must first be
> determined.
j The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 9G.
1 So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the lcsolulion of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Polk] was ruled out of order.
M Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 now pro-
■j nose 
|i x The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
I Jersey [Mr. Skf.i.tov] has the floor—if he desires
I! to claim it—upon his motion to reconsider the vote
\\ by which the joint resolution was referred to the
j; Committee of the Whole on the state of the
'j Union.
,j Mr. SKELTON. I now desire to make that
,! motion; and upon that motion 1 wish to make one
i| or two remarks.
!' In voting for the reference of this resolution, I
)! did so for the purpose of obtaining additional in-
i1 formation upon the subject before it was finally
:i disposed of. Since that reference has been made,
■ ' however, my \ie\vs upon that subject haveunder-
s;one a change. I am satisfied that we are as well
'i firepared to vote upon this resolution now, as we
' shull be ten days or ten weeks hence, or at least
any future time. I am m favor of the^most rigid
economy in the administration of theaftairsof this
Government. And it is for these reasons I
'' desire that this subject shall not be referred to the
; Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I believe this House is now prepared knowingly
j and undeistandm^ly to vote upon this subject,
! and that if it is referred, the consequence will be
i unnecessary delay. The interests of this House
i and the country demand that this subject of pub-
I lie printing shall be acted upon, and acted upon
,j speedily. It is, in my opinion, a bad economy for
I' this House to [>iolong- the consideration of this
! question from day to day, when its own business is
j suil'ering for want of the necessary printing, to
give the information required m the transaction of
'' its own business. I say that is a bad economy.
Upon the other hand, it has been admitted, I be-
1 lieve, by all the committees which have reported
to this House upon the subject, that the printer
; who contracted to do the public printing for this
Congress, has utterly failed to comply with that
