THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
league, nor for justice to the Indians, nor for the
mission on which he was delegated. He took
upon himself, while his colleague was prostrated,
to obtain a secret council with the Indians. The
talk was held on a show of authority, which he
took from Texas, which gave him credit with the
Indians. He took this insignia, and exhibited it
to them, and they heard him. His promise to
them was that they should receive an annuity of
§14,000. They were to keep perpetual peace—
no horses were to be stolen, no lives to be taken,
no habitations to be burned. The Indians, in per-
fect good faith, and in entire confidence from the
terms which were held out, and the high charac-
ter of their neighbors, the Texans, came in, and
signed their names to a sheet of blank paper. The
commissioner returned—his colleague, the gallant
Butler, being at the time prostrated and detained
by sickness—and attached these signatures to a
treaty, which he prepared to suit his ow i pur-
poses and designs, exciudingthe annuity entirely,
and merely allowing a single appropriation of
$14,000.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very un-
willing to interrupt the Senator, but must remind
him that the proposition now before the Senate
relates wholly to the Indians in California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of it, but I am
anxious to show, if possible, that the appropri-
ation of this $100,000 may avert a war, which
would possibly cost us many millions as the Mus-
cogee war, or the war in Flouda. It is with that
view that I am now speaking.
The Indians came at the appointed time to the
place where they were to receive their annuity;
theanniuty was not paid them; enraged, they were
about to plunder the frontier; a Senator fiom
Texas leeeived the intelligence while on his way to
this place; and he wrote instantly to induce them
to stay their hands for five days; the Indians
granted the truce, otherwise the trading-house
would have been rilled and the building burned.
The express returned m tune with instructions to
pay them $5,000, and if tlint, weie not sufficient
they were to receive $10,000. It was done, and
war was averted for twelve months; the pe;ice
was prolonged for two years by means of prom-
ises; and thus a war was prevented which might
have die ed the frontier in blond.
Then, 1 the evidence of the vouchers of
the merchants, Congress supplied them with
§10*000, so that we yet justly owe to the Ca-
tnanche* ^4.000. Tins is a fact. To what, then,
has it lt-d ? No moreannuitics were given. A new
Administration commenced. The agent who had
been employed in Texas, and who was continued
under the administration of Mr. Polk, remained
there. On the advent of the new Administration
he was removed, and men incompetent, both
physically and menially, were placed m chorge
of the Indians. The consequence was, that the
Indians bad not a lrwmd to travel with them; one
who had been associated wilh tltemni their hunts,
and who had explored ihe route fiom Fredern ks-
burgto El Paso, where the engineers had failed to
establish a particular route for carrying conve-
niences of every kind. That individual was re-
moved, and others were put in his place who were
soon prostrated by sickness and disease. And
what was the consequence? To this condition of
things war ensued; and what did it cost us? For
eight years you may calculate the expense of our
military establishment in Mexico at not less than
six millions a year; making a total of forty-ei^ht
millions. What would it have cost if you had
paid this annuity to the Indians? It would have
cost you $84,000. Compare $84,000 with forty-
eight millions, and you will have an opportunity
of judging what the advantage would have been
to have #iven that annuity to the Camanches, so
lon«r as they expected it to be given, periodically.
Had this been done, you would not hove seen a
hostile, act because it was their interest to main-
tain peace, and they being the most powerful
tribe, would have constrained other tribes subor-
dinate to them to keep peace also.
But they have been deceived; they have been
deluded by promises; they have been defrauded
by agents, and have been neglected by the Gov-
ernment itself. Now, go and ask March's com-
mand; ask their friends what would reimburse
her?, for their loss. Sir, until we do justice to the
mdians—until we are truthful and righteous in
oat legislation in regard to them, we can expect
nothing but that Heaven will cause retributive
justice to fall, if not upon the offenders, upon the
nation that despoils the poor Indians. It is time
for the nation to arise as one man and vindicate
the national honor and keep the escutcheon clean,
and maintain our faith with the Indians. Be
truthful, be just, and you will have them as friends.
They will then neither disgrace your country nor
dishonor your flag, but they will defend it. But
they have now assimilated us with the Mexicans,
whose perfidy, from the time of Cortez, has been
traditional with the Indians, and has been revived
through successive ages. We have to assume
that these poor Indians have been deluded by the
officers of the Government, who may not have
been proved to be corrupt. Let not the sin lie at
our door any longer that they are starving and
famishing by the connivance of this Government
or its officers; but provide the means, and trust to
Heaven, if not to the officers, for their application
to the good design.
Mr. WELLER. In order to conform to the
opinion of some gentlemen for whom I entertain
a regard, I will modify the amendment by substi-
tuting for it the following:
For the preservation of peace with those Indians who
have been dispossessed of tiieir lands in California, until
permanent arrangements lie made (or their future (settle-
ment, the sum of £ 100,000 : Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to imply the obligation
on the part of the United Status to feed and support tne In-
dians who have been dispossessed of their lands in Califor-
nia.
The amendment as modified was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was as follows:
" For Mipplyim? a deficiency in the appropriations hereto-
fore; made tor removing the Choctaw Indians fiom Mi^sis-
Mppi, as estimated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
The question was taken, and the President an-
nounced that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASS. Who presents that amendment?
The PRESIDENT. It is an amendment agreed
to as m Committee of the Whole, and reported to
the Senate, and the question is now on concurring
m it. The Chair put the question, and the noes
seemed to have it.
Mr. BELL. I ask for a division. I do not
think the {Senate understood the proposition.
The question was again taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. COOPER. By direction of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, I move to insert at the end of
the bill the following:
That there be and n hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the, Tiea-my not otherwise appropuated, the sum ol
."$50,(10(1. ,,1 s,q much theieot as may be found dii': by the
O'.niptioiler of the Tiea-my, foi < arrving out that portion
of the liith aitiele of the treaty ol for the bene fit of the
western Chciokees, and that the sum so found to be due,
be paid to the parties equitably entitled thereto.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
persist in pressing that amendment. It is a con-
troverted and debatable matter, and I am anxious
to get tin ough the bill to-day.
Mr. COOPER. I have no personal wish to press
this amendment upon the Senate. But a bill to
carry out this provision was agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and reported; and believ-
ing that the bill now under consideration was a
proper place to provide for the appropriation I
was directed to prepare an amendment to that ef-
fect, which I now propose. I do not feel at liberty
to withdraw it; and I do not think it is a matter
that will occupy the Senate m a discussion for any
considerable length of time. I would be very
willing to gratify my friend from Virginia by
withdrawing it, if I were at liberty to do so; but
I am not. I will briefly explain the circumstances
under which the claim arises, and I do not believe
that any one will be found to controvert its justice,
if they understand the obligation of the Govern-
ment as I understand it, and as the Committee on
Indian Affairs unanimously understood it.
In 1850, an appropriation was made to carry
out the treaty of 1846, made with the Cherokee
nation of Indians. A large sum was appropriated
for that purpose. There were, besides the In-
dians, otl er claimants upon the funds, attorneys
whom they had employed. This sum is intended
to pay the Messrs. Kendall, who were their at-
torneys under an agreement entered into in 1843,
and ratified repeatedly since.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
T think I can save time. As I Understand it, thi?
j amendment is not in order. He is not instructed
! by the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer it to
this bill. They have reported a separate bill, but
1 have not instructed the Senator to offer it as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. COOPER. I will explain in a moment.
In the first place a bill was reported and went
upon the Calendar. Afterwards the claimants
came to the committee and asked to have it put
in this bill. There was no formal vote, but an
agreement on the part of a majority of the mem-
bers of the committee. I believe every one con-
curring out of committee that it should be offered
here. So that it comes, as all other amendments
! of this kind do, with the approbation of the com-
1 mittee, one member only—who is now absent and
sick—being absent. That is the position of it.
1 was about stating how the claim arose. It
arises from an agreement entered into in 1843 by
these gentlemen to prosecute the c^aim of the
western Cherokees upon the Government, and
| upon the other band of Cherokee Indians. They
! had a power of attorney; and five per cent, of
j whatever moneys should be recovered was the
compensation which they were to receive. Ac-
companying that power of attorney there was an
assignment of the fund and a direction to the Gov-
ernment to pay to the attorneys the five per cent,
so assigned. But to the bill to which I referred,
and which you will well remember, the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] offered an amend-
ment, directing that the Secretary of the Depart-
ment charged with the disbursement of this money,
should pay no part of it to agents or others em-
ployed in prosecuting the claim, but should pay it
to the Indians per capita.
That amendment was agreed to, although it was
suggested at the time that it would inevitably lead
to the mvolvment of the United States in a claim
upon the part of those whose services had been
! rendered, and for which an assignment of thefund
1 was made, and a direction given to the United
; States to pay it. The parties prosecuted their
! claim, supposing that it was a right of which legis-
lation could not deprive them; but the Secretary,
: obedient to the instructions contained in the bill,
' refused to pay it. They still prosecuted it; went
j west to Aikansns, and endeavored to procure it
there from the Indians. They failed. They came
i back, and submitted their claim to the Senate. It
j went to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and, as
! I have stated, a bill was reported for their relief.
| I presume that every honest man will recognize
] that here was a fund due fo these men in consid-
j eration of services rendered, which the Govern-
! ment of the United States interfered to prevent
. them from receiving. It is, then, bound—having
1 interfered to prevent their reception of it in the
; way pointed out m the agreement—to make good
' to the party the losses which they sustained by its
' act. It is a simple pnnciple of law which would
, compel the payment of this claim by the Govern-
• ment, if the Government weie, hit* an individual,
! subject to a suit. But it is not so subject. An
! appeal, therefore, must be made to its equity
; through Congress, and I trust that Congress will
! do these men justice. The amendment provides,
| through abundance of caution, that the claim shall
j again'" go to the Comptroller of the Treasury, in
1 order that the amount may be ascertained, and
1 whatever is found to be due be paid. This simple
statement, buef as it is. will put the Senate in
: possession of the facts of the case; and an appeal
1 to their justice, 1 am sure, is not necessary.
' Mr. tlUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
I Is not this a private claim, and, therefore, ex-
| eluded under the rules ? I think it is.
Mr. COOPER. I know that there have been
! decisions that would seem to warrant the opinion
I that this amendment falls within the prohibition
! of the rule; and I presume, from the decisions, or
I intimations, rather, made hy the Chair, that that
i was the opinion of the Chair previously to yes-
! torday. But you will bear in mind how it arises.
•It arises under a treaty. The Government paid
1 out the whole fund, and they are now to make it
! £ood. It is absolutely to make good the treaty.
Although it is a claim on the part of private indi-
viduals, it is substantially a proposition to carry
into effect the treaty of 1846. It was in that view
of it that 1 presented it. If it had been simply a
private claim, and not intended to carry out the
fifth article of the treaty to which I referred, after
your adwonitionB, sir, I certainly nevar should
