1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
occupancy and cultivation? There can be no
mistake about it. •
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. There again is the
precise difficulty—^--tfhat constitutes occupancy?'
There is no means of determining what constitutes !
occupancy, in cases where there is no family to ,
settle. I think the effect of that amendment will ;
be to lead to evasion and false swearing. I think
the bill is sufficiently extensive, and I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
The-ouestion was then taken on the amend-
ment offered 'by Mr. Sackett, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer as an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section, the
words:
And that cach of the sun iving, or the widow or chil-
dren ol deceased officers, soldier*, sailors, and marines,
who performed duty in the wo rot' 1812, rn the revolutionary
war, or m any ot the Indian war-? since 1790, shall be en- ■
titled to one hundred and sixty acres ot' land, to be located t
in the manner provided by the act of September -2d, 18o0. |
Mr. OL-DS. 1 ripe to a point of order upon
that amendment. It is not germane to the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. It isgermane. It extends '
the privileges of the-bill. ;
A Voice. It has been rejected oncc. i
- The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio i
[Mr. Olds] makes the point of order, that the ;
amendment, offered by the gentleman from Penn- .
"sylvania [Mr., Florence] is not in order. The,
Chair is not prepared to decide the amendment out
' of order, as it proposes to extend the operation of 1
-the bill.
Mr. OLDS. I appeal from the decision.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table. :
The CHAIRMAN. No such motion can be
submitted in Committee of the Whole.
The question was then being taken on the ap-
peal; and there were, on a division—ayes 59, :
when—
Mr. FLORENCE said: Rather than make any ,
difficulty in the eommittee, I will withdraw my
- amendment for the present, and offer it at another
time. -
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The Clerk then read the second section of the
bill, as f^Hows:
Sec. 2. -Qnlbe it farther enacted, That the person ap-
plying tor the benefit of tins act ^li,ill, upnn application to
the register of the land office ni which lie oi she about to
make such entry, make affidavit before the said register,
that he or she is the head ox'a family, and is not (he owutt
of anv estate in land, dt the time of .?ucn application, and
has not disposed of any estate in land, to obtain the benefit?,
of this act, and upon making the affidavit as above teqmred
and filing the affidavit with the renter, he or she shall
thereupon be permitted to enter the quantity ofland aheady
specified: Provided^ ho>ccccr, That no ceitificate shall he
given, or patent issued theieior, until the expnation of five
years from the date of such enti j ; <iml if, at the expnation
ot fuch time, the person rnakini such entry, oi if he be
dead, his widow, or in e.ise of her death, his lictia or de-
visee, or in case of a widow making soeh entry, her heirs
or devisee in case of her death, shall piove by two credible
witne^se--, That he, she, or tliey have continued to leside
upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon thesaine
and have not alienated the same, or any part thereof, then,
in such case, he, she, or they shall bo entitled to a patent
as in other cases provided for bylaw.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture propose to amend this section, by striking
out the words, " and is not the owner of any es-
' tate in land, at the time of such application, and
' has not disposed of any estate in land to obtain
1 the benefit of this act," and to insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof, viz:
Ami does not intend to settle upon s-iid land to sell the
t-ameon speculation, but 111 good frith to appropriate it to
his oi her own exclusive use and benefit: and that ho or
-he has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreement or
contract, m any way or manner, with any person or per-
sons whatsoever, by whioh the title which he or she might
acquire from the Government of the United States, should
mure, in whole or m part to the benefit of any person ex-
cept himself or herself; and that he or she is not worth to
exceed the sum of §500.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment reported by the Committee on Agri-
culture, which has been stated by the Chair, and
read by the Clerk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out from the amendment ofthe Committee on^Agri-
culture, the words, "and that he or she is not
wor th to exceed the sum of $500." The amend-
ment, if adopted, will make this correspond with
the first section.
[Cries of u That is right!" lt That is right!'']
Mr. HOUSTON. That was stricken out in the
first section, and should be, of course, in this.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio.- I should like to
have some explanation in regard to this matter,
from the gentleman from Tennessee.
A Voice. The amendment is not debatable.
Air. STANTON. Is not the question debat-
able Mr. Chairman ?'
The CHAIRMAN* It is not, according to the
rule*, five minutes are allowed for and five against
an amendment which may be offered in commit-
tee; but this is one of the amendments that had
already been before the committee, and must be
understood to have been debated previous to the
closing of the debate under the hour rule.
Mr, STANTON. Then 1 move to strike out
the word "herself.3' The gentleman from Ten-
nessee in his original bill did not have any test of
property at all. He was willing that a person
might be entitled to the benefits of the biil not-
withstanding he was worth $500 or $1,000, and
notwithstanding he might own other lands. I un-
derstand that the Committee on Agriculture dis-
agreed with him m that particular, and have
reported these amendments. The Committee of
the Whole sustained the gentleman, and adopted
his principle. Now, 1 do not understand how
this corresponds with the condition of the other
sect-ion.
Mr. JOHNSON. By striking out the §500 lim-
itation it corresponds with what was stricken out
in the first section.
Mr. STANTON. There was also stricken
out the limitation as to the holding of lands. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. AVERETT. I renew it for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to one of
the most odious features of this odious bill 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 call the gen-
tleman to order, and insist that he shall confine
himself to the question whether "herself" shall
be stricken out or not, and that he shall not allude
to any feature of the bill. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark j
that from the confusion in the committee he was -
unable to hear the remarks of the gentleman from j
Virginia. He proposes that the gentleman shall j
proceed, with the indulgence of the committee. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to a point J
of ordei, and it is this: The gentleman fiom Ohio
offered precisely the same amendment that the
gentleman from Virginia now pioposes. Upon
that amendment the gentleman from Virginia made j
a speech, and by the consent of the House the ]
amendment was then withdrawn. It is not in j
order, I thmk, now to offer the same amendment,
and to discuss it. ;
Mr. AVERETT. I will then withdraw the 1
amendment, and move to strike out all of that part j
of the bill, commencing at the words " make affi- 1
davit," to the wid of the section. My.purpose in ;
doing this  I
The CHAIRMAN. That is not an amend- :
ment to the amendment, but it is an amendment |
to the original section, and it is not now in order. ,
The question now is upon the amendment reported j
by the committee. j
Mr. AVERETT. I then move to strike out j
from the word "and," in the fifth line, to the end :
of the amendment offered by the committee. !
Mr. HOUSTON. That cannot be in order, •
because it is a mere proposition to strike that out i
which the committee propose to insert. j
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not :
in order. The gentleman proposes to strike out ;
the entire amendment in connection with portions j
of the bill. i
The question was then taken upon the amend- ■
ment ofthe committee, and it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now read i
the third section ofthe bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. 1 offer the follow- j
ing amendment to the second section. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk had already com-
menced reading the third section, and the Chair
is of opinion, unless by unanimous consent, the
amendment of the gentleman cannot be received.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. WHITE. I addressed the Chairman be-
fore the Clerk commenced reading the third sec-
tion, but was not recognized by hun.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
proposed by the Committee on Agriculture, which
the Chair over looked, and the gentleman will still
i have the privilege of offering an amendment to. that
| section.
| The committee propose further to strike out
: the word "affidavit," and to insert the Word
! "same."
j The question was taken, and the amendment
j was agreed to. -
| Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. ' I submit the fol-
[ lowing amendment to the second section of the-
I hill; _ - • " .
i Provided further^ That in the event such heirs or devisees
arc undei the age of fourteen years, they shall not be
required to jcsidc upon or to cultivate such laud.
Mr. Chairman, the object for which I have
offered thnt amendment 13 simply to provide for
cases of minor heirs, or peisons under a certain
age, whom you cannot expect to- reside upon or
to cultivate this land. Now, that second section
provides—
"That ho certificate hhall be given, or patent issued
theietor, until the expiration oi' five yeais from the date of
&uch entry; andif', at the expiration oi' such term, the per-
son making such entry, or it lie be dead, his widow, or m
case of her death, his heirs or devisee, or in case of a
widow making such enny, her heirs or devisee w case of.
her death, shall prove f>y,two credible witnesses that ho,
she, or they have continued to reside upon and cultivate
said la.id, and still reside upon the same, and have not
alienated the came, or any part thereof, then, m such ease,
he, she, orthev shall be entitled to a patent as in other
ea^es provided f'oi bylaw."
I simply propose that we shall provide for per-
S sons of such an age as that wecannotpresumethey
are capable of cultivating the land, and who in ail
probability will not be able to reside upon it so as
to give to all the heirs or devisees of the patentee
of the persons who have made the entry the benefit
of the act. It leaves the section, to require that
where persons are capable of cultivating and resi-
ding upon the land,to~do so:'but that where they
i are not, that they shall not be excluded from the
! benefits of this bill.
\ The question was then taken upon the amend-
| ment, and it was disagreed to.
1 Mr. "WALBRIDGE. I propose to amend by
! inserting after the word " reside," in the twenty-
' ninth line, the words " in person.'' It is a rule
| of iaw, Mr. Chairman, that what a man does by
; another he does by himself; and in order to pre-
vent any construction being given to this section
whereby a person by proxy may obtain the ben-
■ efits of this bill, I propose to insert that the indi-
: vidual who shall have the benefit of this section
I shall settle and culfivate the land m person. It
I provides that he shall not send out any other per-
1 son to occupy it for him, and in that way to obtain
! title to the land. Those settling upon and im-
i proving the public land should be entitled to the
1 benefits of this measure, instead of those desirous
; of making money, employ others to occupy the
' land whose labor alone benefits the capitalists,
j lus employer. It is to prevent, in other words,
speculation, which may be "entered'into to obtain
i the benefits of this bill, without subjecting the
: speculator to the privations and toil incident to
occupation and cultivation of the land.
Mr. bROWN, of Mississippi. I am opposed
- 10 the amendment of the gentleman from New
1 York, [Mr. Walbiudge.] I apprehend that all
I residence must be in person. No one resides upon
1 land by proxy. An individual may take and hold
' possession of it by proxy, but certainly he can-
I not reside upon it by proxy. I think the amend-
! ment is unnecessary, and, therefore, I "am op-
, posed to it.
! * The question was then taken upon Mr. Wal-
• bridge's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
: The third section was then read as follows, viz:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the registers of
the laud office shall note all such applications on the tract
• book-* and plats of his office, keep a register of all such
yntnes?, and make letum to the General Land Office, to-
1 gether with the proof upon which they have been founded.
There being no amendment offered to this sec-
1 tion, the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the fourth section, which was then read as fol-
j lows:
Sec. 1. Jindbc if: fait her enacted. That all lands acquired
under the provision- of this act, shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
' prior to the issuing the patent therefor. ' -
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture propose to amend this section by inserting
the words " or payment " after the word " satis-
! faction," and by striking out at the end of the sec-
' tion the words *' or debts contracted prior to the
issue ofthe patent therefor."
