406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
to that gentleman, as he remarked yesterday upon
the floor, that the contract system had led to diffi-
culty, and frauds upon the country enormous in
thetr character. The contract system lots in every
individual to come in and bid as low as possi-
ble, and their ruling motive seems to have been,
that after a while they were to go before Congress
and ask that they might be released from an
onerous bargain. Such is the experience—such
is the language of my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans.] He used that language then, and I pre-
sume he will use it again. I apprehend that this
system of letting this work out by contract to the
lowest bidder, is the ground-work of the most stu-
pendous system of fraud ever perpetrated upon
the people of this country.
Mr. EVANS. Not if you furnish them with
paper.
Mr. GORMAN. If you furnish them with
paper, type, and presses, it will not do. Every
Committee on Printing have found at the bottom
of this contract system all sorts of private under-
standings and bargains for the purpose of fleecing
the Government. The Committee on Printing
have found this in their experience now. Shall
this matter be reconsidered? Why refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
What do you wantto discuss? Do my friends who
differ with me upon the subject of this contract
want to get up a war between us upon the com-
promise measures, whether they are proper and
right? I do pray you, avert such an evil. I am
frank to say, that such a calamity to the Demo-
cratic party should be avoided; and the man who
undertakes to arraign any one here for the pur-
pose of making an additional sore, which is now
in a fairway of being healed, is stabbing the party
that gives him power. I can say to my friends
who voted against these measures, that I feel
proud of their association. I feel that I went fur-
ther upon these great Southern questions than anv
man north of Mason and Dixon's line. I feel I
can say to gentlemen who are not with us upon
the compromise measures, " Peace, be still!"
Does that voice—-does that warning come from a
Democrat who has wavered ? Does that voice
come from a Democrat who has ever yet thrown
a fire-brand into the midst of his Southern
friends? Docs that warning come from one who
has ever turned to the right or left upon the great
eternal principles of non-intervention ? Then I say
to them that the prolongation of this discussion
will run my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,] my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] and my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Nabeks,] into a dilemma. I hope if they love the
union, harmony, and organisation of that great
party that brought them into power, that they will
need the voice of warning.
Mr. IIOCOCK. I ask, what I do not often ask
upon this floor, that the gentleman will yield me
the floor for one moment. 1 ask this because of
my very sincere respect and regard for the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman. 1 I do not often
ask any gentleman who is speaking to allow me
the privilege of introducing one word while he is
speaking. While the gentleman from Indiana is
proclaiming peace to the Democratic party upon
one subject, 1 ask him if be does not know that
there are other subjects upon which the Demo-
cratic party are divided ? I ask if he does not fee 1
in that loyal and honest heart of his, that there is
as much need of harmony upon those other ques-
tions as in relation to the compromise? And I
ask him, if he expects us here to say Peace, when
his fiiends—I do not say him—proclaim peace
only upon one subject, and give us war to the
knife upon other vital subjects > I ask him if it
will do to tell me that the friends of the Wash-
ington Union will give us peace upon the compro-
mise, when they are giving us war, and war to
the knife, upon the subject of State-rights?
Mr. GORMAN. I apprehend that more evi-
dence has been given by the honorable Gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] and that it is the
very thing to be avoided. Where is the Demo-
crat here who does not see a monster exhibiting
itself here, a hydra-headed monster, which is
stinging the very heart of the Democratic party >
Where is there ail individual who has witnessed
the assault of my gallant friend from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock,] who will not agree with me in
saying, "Peace, be still." Supposing that one of
our fiiends, who conducts a newspaper, does not
agree with the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock]—supposing that upon the subject
of State-rights he does not concur fully in some of
the details, I say to the gentlemen that we intend
to put no poison in their cups.
Mr. NABERS. The remark I intend to sub-
mit is not at all intended to interfere with the prog-
ress of this discussion, nor is it intended to indi-
cate that I feel injured by not being permitted to
address the House this morning. I wish simply
to know if there is any new question before the
House differing from the one upon which 1 had
the floor this morning ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi call the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] to order?
Mr. NABERS. No—I only asked forinform-
ation. [Laughter.]
Mr. GORMAN, (resuming.) I was simply
saying that objections had been urged to Donelson
& Armstrong. That subject was my text. "Why?
The honorable gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] had asked, why? With regard
to certain questions—certain political principles, I
was giving as a leason why they ought riot to
have weight. I am in order, I believe; why ? be-
cause I am directing nay remarks to the point
whether the names of Donelson & Armstrong
should be put at the head of the resolution. Rut
I am done upon the subject upon which I was
speaking. I leave that to the magnanimity of
men who have never failed to show it when they
have been put to the test; I leave that to the mag-
nanimity of men who are called upon on this occa-
sion to regard the admonition which I have in an
humble way suggested to them, " Peace, be still."
Do I propose to Northern men to put any cup to
their lips? Do I require them to say that every
line, sentence, syllable, comma and semi-colon of
the fugitive slave law is right' Do I require my
honorable friend from North Carolina [Mr. Ven-
able] to say that every line and syllable of the
Texas boundary bill is right. I do not require
any such tiling. I do require acquiescence in
these measures; I desire peaceable acquiescence in
them.
I come back now to the question of this print-
ing-, and I appeal to the gentlemen upon the other
side of the House to know whether, if they held
the power and had this contract to give, and the
choice was left to them, at the same fair and rea-
sonable rates, they would not give it to their po-
litical friends?
Mr. BELL. No, not without competition.
Mr. GORMAN. Ah ! then there is a gentle-
man sui generis. He belongs to a different race
of men from any that I have ever yet seen. He
must belong to some party that I have never yet
heard of. ^ [Laughter.] He would not prefer a
political friend—one possessing all the elementsof
qualification—to a political opponent ! God save
me from such a political partisan as that ! He
is an Ishmaelite. [Laughter.] He must have his
hand against everybody and everybody's hand,
I apprehend, must be turned against him.
In conclusion, allow me to say to this House
that I ask my friends to reconsider this question.
Mr. BELL. Will the gentleman allow me to
make an explanation >
Mr. GORMAN. Why, yes, with pleasure, if
it is not too long.
Mr. BELL. I will not make it long.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to know, first, if the
gentleman is the one who answered me just now?
Mr. BELL. I am the man. [Laughter.]
Mr. GORMAN. I am glad to see you, sir.
1 [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BELL. I understood the gentleman to
make an appeal to the members ©n this side of the
Hon.se, knowing:, at the same time, that if hekept
the floor under the permission of the other gentle-
man [iVfr. Skelton] who lets it out, they would
have no opportunity to reply. I may have been
out of order in saying "ISTo, not without com-
petition," hut I wish it to be understood, that in
saying; that, I meant that I would not place in
jeopardy the interests of my country to favor an
individual of my own party, by giving an exorbi-
tant price for the work. I would do as any pru-
dent individual would.
Mr. GORMAN. I presume the gentleman
would.
Mr. BELL. Now, I understand that by this
resolution you tie your own hands.
Mr. GORMAN. Not at all. The gentleman
wants to pursuade us, that we tie our own hands
by putting in those potent words, " Donelson &
Armstrong;" that is the bugbear.
Mr. BELL. You ask the House to tie your
hands for you.
Mr. GORMAN. I turned to the gentlemen on
the other side of the House, and asked them if, in
giving this job, they had to choose between a po-
litical friend and a political foe—occupyiug equal
positions in society, of equal ability and integrity,
and willing to take it at thesanie reasonable prices,
they would not prefer to give it to their political
friend ? The gentleman ausweied no.
Mr. BELL. That was not the question.
Mr. GORMAN. I answered that the gentle-
man must certainly be suigeneris. I did not mean
anything personal.
Mr. BELL. Oh, I did not understand you so.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, then, allow me to pro-
ceed. This resolution—to come back to it again—
has been ordered to be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. When
it gets there all these matteis about the question
of State rights and Free-Soil, and the Massachu-
setts coalition, will be brought up; the House will
| be kept in a furor for ten or fifteen days, and
when this resolution gets out, I expect the mil-
lennium will come.
Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I do not know
that I perfectly understand the resolution which is
under discussion. I do understand it to propose
to make the action of the committee definite with
regard to this printing. Now, 1 ask the gentleman
from Indiana if he will accept the amendment
which I hold in my hand, and which is in these
words:
Provided, That no contract made In* said committee shall
be of any binding force or effect until the same is reported
to and approved of by both Houses of Congress.
Mr. GORMAN. The Committee on Printing
are to make a contract under the law of 1846.
That law provides that it shall be a part of their
duty to attend to this portion of the public busi-
ness. When the committee have made a contract
with Donelson & Armstrong, they will do just
as they have done in the case of Mr, Hamilton,
and in other cases. I have before me the contract
with Trenholm & Belt; the committee reported it
to this House, and it is marked " House of Rep-
resentatives—Miscellaneous Documents, No. 10."
The contract is laid before the House; everybody
reads it; everybody knows what it is; and if that
contract has upon its face an unreasonable rate
of compensation, it is within the province of this
House at any moment to arraign that contract
and to know the causes—the why and the where-
fore.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. I do not want to get into any difficulty
with any contractors to do the printing of this
House. I want the contract, when it is entered
into, to bind both us and them. I do not want
any afterclaps, any quarrels, any difficulties or
misunderstandings; and I prefer, therefore, that
the action of this committee shall come to us for
approval. Let us have no more of these discus-
sions, whether we shall set aside a contract after
we have entered into it.
Mr. GORMAN. I do understand the gentle-
man's amendment, and I now say that if the
Speaker decides that I have a right to accept that
amendmeat, I will most cheerfully do it. I have
not the slightest objection that our contract shall be
reported to this House, and that the House shall
confirmorrejectit. My friend from Missouri must
1 see, however, that the House will have to repeal the
i law of 1846, before we can do that. That law left
it to the Committee on Printing. Still I have no
kind of objection to the amendment. I will accept
it—if it is in my power to do so—if it will recon-
cile the feelings of any individual. But, why ask
me to accept it unless it will do that?
Mr. HALL. I will say to the gentleman, that
: it will reconcile me to the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN, (Mr. GoRMANyieldingthefloor.)
I desire to make a suggestion or two, lest there
should be a misapprehension as to the views that
| some portion, at least, of the Committee on Print-
ing entertain upon the subject of the extent of the
authority conferred upon'that committee by the
joint resolution of 184G.
I understand that it is the opinion of the Joint
Committee on Printing, that the printing of these
