1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
Sec. i—. If any officer or soldier who would,'lfliv-ing, have
been entitled to the benefit  i the act of Congress, pu^ed
September 23, l;s>U, shrill have died leaving no widow surviv-
ing ttiin, tlie child or children of such officer or foldter shall
be entitled to the benefit of raid act; and it there ate no
children living, then the father or mnthei of «-uch odicei or
soldier shall he entitled, or in default of father or moiher,
the light shall descend Jo the brothers and bisters of such
officer or solriior, in as* full a manner as though said soldiei
or officei had himself received the bounty, any act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. OLDS. J raise the point of order that that
amendment js not germane to the subject of this
bill. It proposes to extend the bounty land bill.
1 Tfye CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order. It proposes
to extend the benefits of another and separate act.
Mr. BELL. Perhaps I may be out of order,
but I wish to suggest to the Chair that it embraces
the same provision that the Chair ruled to be in
order this morning.
- The CHAIRMAN". The phraseology of the
other amendment was to extend the benefits of this
act to another class of persons. The Chair couid
not rule that out of order. The gentleman's prop-
osition is to extend to a separate class of persons
the benefits of another law, and the Chair rules
that to be out of order.
Mr. BELL. Very well, sir. I will offer my
"amendment at the proper time, to some other bill.
- Mr: FLORENCE. I now offer the following,
as an additional section to the biil:
" And that each of the surviving, oi the widow or children of
deceased officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines, who per-
formed duty in the war of 1812, in the revolutionary war,
or in any of the Indian wars, since 1790, shall be entitled
to one hundred and sixty acre* of land, to be located in the
manner provided by the act of September 28, 1850.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a point of order. The
amendment is not germane.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, yes, it is germane.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to be, in effect, to extend the provisions of the
bill to another class of citizens,'and he js not pre-
pared upon this ground, to rule it out of order.
Mr. OLDS. 1 take ah appeal from that decis-
ion. However, if the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia does not want to hang a speech upon it, I will
allow a vote to be taken upon it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have something to say
upon the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman from
Ohio appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir; I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] is in order. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] appeals from that
decision of the Chair upon the ground that the
amendment is not germane to the bill. The ques-
tion now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken, and carried in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Air. FLORENCE. I submit this amendment
not with a desire to embarrass the action of the
committee. X shall vote-for the homestead bill,
whether th-e amendment be adopted or. not. 1
therefore submit this amendment in good faith,
because I believe it does only an act of justice to
deseiving, patriotic, and meritorious citizens, and
from a sense of duty to them. In the county
which I have the honor in part to represent upon
this floor, there are some four or five or six thou-
sand worthy and patriotic men who, during the
war of 1812, voluntarily gave their services to
their country. They cannot understand, as they
say in their petitions which they have sent here,
and which I have caused to be referred to the ap-
propriate committees, why there should be a dis-
tinction between those who served in the war of
1812, or in any of the Indian wars, and those
■who served in the Mexican war. Numbers of
those persons who wire engaged in lucrative busi-
ness, gave up that business. They left their
homes at a great pecuniary sacrifice, to defend the
honor of their country and (< our starry banner,"
and were absentsix, seven or eightmonths; and for
tins patriotic and praiseworthy service they re-j
ceivea only eighty acresofland. Some of them, it is j
true, were not absent so long a tune. It is true, i
some of them were not gone more than three or !
four months. But these, however, only received I
forty acres of land. It is known, however, there
were persons who only went, during the war with
Mexico, from Philadelphia to Fort Mifliin; be-
sides, numbers who did not' reach the seat of tiie
Mexican war at all, who received from the Gov-
ernment a bounty ot one hundred and sixty acres
of land, and three months' extra pay. Now, sir,
if there is to be a distribution of the public lands;
if the land is to be given to actual settlers—and I
acknowledge I am heartily in favor of that meas-
ure—the soldiers of the war of 1812, and those j
who were engaged in the Indian wars, now come i
forward and ask Congress that justice may be j
done them. They are, I assure the committee, a '
class of citizens equally as meritorious, and quite
as patriotic, sir, as those brave men who justly
received the benefits of the provisions of the act of
September 23, I860, giving them one hundred and
sixty acres of land. They believe they are as
much entitled to the bounty of the Government
as those who were engaged in the Mexican war;
and they aver it strongly in their petitions to Con-
gress. They do not desire to detract from the
patriotism, valor, love of country, or the merits
• of those who were engaged in that war; but they
think that they are equally entitled to the bounty
of the Government, and to the same extent of
power. Indeed, sir, they ask it as a right.
As I said before, I shall vote for this bill,giving
land to the landless and homes to the homeless,
whether this amendment be adopted or not; but a
sense of duty impelled me to offer the amendment 1
have presented at this time, because petitions have
been pouring into this House, not only from the first
Congressional district in my State, not only from
the city of Philadelphia, but from the whole State
of Pennsylvania, and from some of the other
States of the Union. And 1 believe the people
from any portion of the Union do not desire to in-
terfere with this method of awarding justice to the
class of citizens who 1 desire may have only jus-
tice done them. I have not heard a single word of
remonstrance,or do I know thatany objection has
been presented here against such a manifest act of
propriety. 1 have not even heard that a single
remonstrance has been presented here against the
passage of the bill, giving one hundred and sixty
acres of land to actual settlers, and hence I shall
vote for it.
1 have no conscientious or constitutional scru-
ples to deter me. I look through the vista of time;
and the good to come, from the occupancy of the
waste lands, now lying idle, looms up before me
in majestic grandeur, and bids me press forward
hopefully and surely in behalf of thousands who
may, by the passage of the homestead bill, be
made to occupy a position*in our happy country
which " Nature and Nature's God" intended they
should. Homes for the homeless, lands for the
landless, is soul-inspiring music to me. The be-
neficence of the act alone draws me towards it,
and my heart tells me I am right in advocating
its humane provisions. Pass this bill, give to
the soldiers, sailors, and marines, of the war of
J812, and of the Indian wars, or their heirs,
without reference to sex or age, their meed of
justice. Many of them, doubtless, will at once
occupy their land. They will estimate the value
of it the more highly, perhaps, because it was
acquired by their, or their parents' toil, m the ser-
vice of their country. As they put their sp'ade
into the virgin soil, they will feel an assurance
of possession which will incite them to habits of
industry. The land they own, and which was ac-
quired by toil, though in the wilderness, will soon
" blossom as the rose." There ts land enough for
all. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Olds] the other
day, in the House, quoted from rthe Methodist
hymn-book, with the pages of which I am some-
what familiar, and ever since I have given a
thought to the subject of the public lands, either
as bounty to our country's patriotic defenders,
whether by sea or land, m any of the wars of the
Republic, or in giving them to actual settlers in
limited quantities, the following paraphrase of a
verse of a well known hymn, has involuntarily
almost risen to my lips. I fancied (the bill having
become a law) that hundreds who had heretofore
been suffering in poverty and in distress, who had
no hope of happiness m this world, beyond the
scanty meal acquired by hard labor and the sweat
of their sun-burnt brow, who felt and painfully
experienced it daily, " as they labored from early
dawn till late at night," they were hopelessly
" inured-to toil and bitter bread," raising their
voices as they wended their way, with the wives
of their bosoms, and the children of their loins,
towards1 literally their "promised land,"in praise
"to their Maker and .Preserver, for his goodness to
them, and singing rixht merrily:
" Now, 1 can lead my title deal* * ■
To land, and-no5iE,and rest, < . ^
Without a thought to trouble me,
Or pang within my breast
I need not wade into a mass of figures to prove
the fact that there are millions of acres of unsold
land. It has been demonstrated clearly enough,
if my memory serves me correctly, by gentlerrfen
who have preceded me, especially in the speech
made early in the debate upon the homestead bill,
by my talented colleague, [Mr. Dawson.] The
truth that there are tf milions of acres want hands"
to cultivate them, is admitted; that it is theduty of
man to convey them to his suffering brother, is
almost unquestioned. How beautifully and elo-
quently has the poet Duganne, who has written ia
this wise, illustrated it:
THE ACRES AND THE HANDS. "
" The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof,"
Said God's most holy word ; ~ -
The water bath fish, and the land hath flesh,
And the air hath many a bird;
And the fcoil is teeming o'er all the earth,
And the earth hath numberless lands;
Yet millions of hands want acres,
While millions of acres want hands.'
Sunlight, and music, and gladsome flowers,
Arc over the earth spread wide;
And the good God gave these gifts to men—
To men who on earth abide.
Yet thousands are toiling m poisonous gloom,
And «hackled with iron bands,
J2nd millions of hands want acres-,
Jlnd millions of acres want hands.
'Th writ that "ye shall not muzzle the ox
That treadeth out the corn
Yet, behold. je shackle the poor man's hands,
That have all earth'-? burdens borne;
The Jand is the gift of a bounteous God,
And to labor his word commands,
Yet millions of hands want acres,
While millions of acres a ant hands.
Who hath ordained that the few should hoard
Their millions of useless gold,
And rob the earth of itsfiuitsand flowers, , '
While profitless soil they hold?
Who hath ordained that a parchment scroll,
Should fence round miles of lands ?
White millions of hands want acres,
Jlnd miUions of acres want hands.
'THn glaring He on the face of day—
This iobbery of men's rights—
'Tis a lie that the word of the Lord disowns,
'Ti-< a curse tiirit burns and blights;
And 'twill burn and blight, till the people rise
And swear, while they break their bands.
That the hands shall henceforth have acresy
Jind the acres henceforth huvc hands.
How truly these beautiful lilies express the
whole truth ! How forcibly must it come -home
to the hdart of everyone who reads them, that,
beyond the perad venture of a doubt, it is our duty
here to pass the homestead bill, now under discus-
sion, into a law. Duganne has also written, upon
this fruitful and interesting subject, another sweet
poem, which I will here introduce:
A billion of acre's of unsold lands,
Are Iving in grievous dearth ;
And millions of men m the image of God,
Are starving all over the earth;
O tell me, ye sons of America,
How much men's lives are worth?
Ten hundred millions of acies good,
That never knew spade nor plow ;
And millions of souls in our goodly land,
Are piningin want, I trow;
And orphans are crying for biead this day,
And widows in misery bow.
To whom do these acres of land belong?
And why do they thriftless lie?
And why is the widow's lament unheard,
And stifled the orphan's cry ?
And why are the poor house and prison full,
And the gallows' tree built high ?
Those millions of acres belong to man!
And his claim is—That he needs! •
And his title is signed by the IJand ofGod-—
Our God—who the raven feeds !
And the starving soul of cach famished man,
At the throne ofjufctice pleads I
Ye mav not heed it, yehaughtv men,
Wno'sc hearts as rocks are cold;
But the time will come when the flat of God
In thunder shall be told '
For the voice of the great I AM hath said*
That " the lands shall not b« Bold! 
