1832.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40?
census returns does not come within the contract
with the public printer. That being -so, then, J
submit to the House that that committee have no
more power over this subject than they have over
any other subject that may interest the members
of the House. They are a committee to take care
of that portion of the printing which is provided
for under the joint resolution of 1846—-of that print-
ing, and that only. Now the gentleman from
Indiana says—and I concur with him in that re-
spect—that bv the law under which this census was
taken, provision was made—after providing for
the printing of the preliminary blanks—that all the
other printing was thereafter to be executed as
Congress shovJd direct- Nov/ that Printing Com-
mittee, as I understand it, was raised for the pur-
pose of seeing that such printing as came within
the joint resolution of 1846, was executed accord-
ing to the terms of that joint resolution, and when,
therefore, it is decided that the printing of this
census does not come within the terms of the
resolution, I say it withdraws from the operation
of the power of the committee the entire control
of this business. These are tlie views which I
entertain upon the subject; and while I have the
floor I will say further, with the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, that it is a little difficult
for me to understand precisely, by what right this
resolution is here. It has never been referred to
the Joint Committee on Printing by this House.
It is true that the other branch of Congress did
refer a similar resolution to the joint committee
for consideration; and it is also true that the joint
committee did act upon that lesolution, and report
it back to the other branch of Congress. But no
such resolution, emanating from this House, has
been referred to the committee. The resolution
has originated there, without its having been com-
mitted to them by this House.
I make these remarks, not because I desire to
discuss this question in its political bearings, in
any way or shape, but because I desire the House
to understand that when I have come to the con-
clusion, in my own mind, that this census print-
ing does not come within the contract of the pub-
lic printer, and is not, therefore, within the joint
resolution of 1846, I hold that it is not, conse-
quently, within the control of the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. GORMAN. I spoke upon that subject
before. I stated that a resolution precisely simi-
lar to this, to give the census printing to Donelson
& Armstrong, provided they will contract for it on
reasonable and proper terms, was submitted to the
Joint Committee on Printing by one of the coordi-
nate branches of the Government—the Senate.
The members of that committee, on the part of
the House, cooperated in recommending that that
resolution should be reported back to the Senate,
with a recommendation that it do pass. What
next? The Senate postponed action on the sub-
ject for two weeks. I then proposed to the joint
committee that we should take up the resolution
and report it to the House, and if the House
should pass it, it would expedite this printing.
Now, what shall we do in order to act in good
faith with both parties ? We have reported to
this House the same resolution, which, with a
slight variation, was reported to the Se-iate, and
we ask you to pass it. Why? It is to stop the
clamor—it is to stop the cry that the public print-
ing is not going on. All we ask is, that you shall
give into the hands of the committee the power to
make a contract with Donelson & Armstrong, if
it can be done. If it cannot be done, there is an
end of it. We ask that, and that is all we ask.
Will you give it? If you will, I see no necessity
for speaking upon the subject of States-rights, se-
cession, Free-Soilism, or anything else here upon
this question. Gentlemen want to know why we
propose to give the job to Donelson & Armstrong.
It is because we believe they will be able to do it
as well as any one else, and as low as anybody
else, and we prefer to give it to them, because they
are 'political friends. I presume I shall not be
misunderstood in this. Now, I ask that you will
sustain this committee, constituted by your^order,
in this resolution which they have reported to the
House according to your order. It is beforeyou,
and I ask you to reconsider the vote by which it
has been referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where every gentleman
who has had experience in this House _ knows
that if it goes, you might as well consign it to the
tomb of the Capulets at once. In obedience to
what I consider to be a pledge to the gentleman |
from New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] I now move
the previous question, though I will withdraw it
if any gentleman desires to ask a question for in-
formation upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. GORMAN, is it for information upon
this subject? If it is, I will withdraw the call for
the previous question for the gentleman.
Mr. STANTON. It is. I desire to ask the
gentleman this question: If the House refuse to
pass this resolution, I want to know when and
where we may expect to have this printing done ?
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer the gentleman.
If the House refuse to pass this resolution, the
committee will then be at sea without chart or
compass.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] has
not vielded the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to the floor, and is on the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. If any gentleman desires to
ask any question for information upon the sub-
ject of the public printing, I will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he will be kind enough to withdraw the
previous question. The gentleman made a long
speech,and closes up bymovingthepreviousques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has withdrawn his call for the previous ques-
tion, but he is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Indiana whether, if the previous question
be seconded, and the motion of the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Skei.ton] to reconsider
the vote by which this resolution has been referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union prevails, if we do not go hack tjien
under the operation of the previous question ?
And I desire to inquire further, whether if, when
we go back under the operation of the previous
question, any amendment can be offered to the
resolution ?
Mr. GORMAN. I will say this, I call the
previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Upon that
motion I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, there were—yeas 134, nays, 51;
as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Alh«on, John Ap-
plcton, William Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, Bar-
rere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bocook, Bowie, Rowne, Broffff, IBien-
ton Rri™s Biooks, Geo. II. Brown, Burrows, E. C. Cabell,
Caldwell", Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cart-
ter, Chandler, Cha«tain, Clark, Clmgman, Coloock, Congo},
Cottman, Cullnm, Curtis, Bimmiek, Dockery, Doty, Dun-
can, Durkee, Eastman, Ed^erton, Evans, Faulkner, * ick-
Iid, Firch, Floience, Fowler, H. M. Fuller, Gamble, Gen-
try. Ciddmgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich. Grey, Grow,
Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haws,
Ilascall, Haven, Hebard, Holladay, Horsford, Houston,
John W. Howe, Thomas V. How, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones <*.
W. Jones J^ Clancy Jones, George G. Kins, Piesfon King,
Kuhris. Kurtz, Mann, Humphiev Marshall, Mai tin, McDon-
ald McNair, Moaeham, Meade, Miller, Miilson, Miner,
Mo'lonv, John Mooie,Morehead, Mornson, Murphy, ISew- ,
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Paiker, Samuel Jaikei, |
Peaslee, Penmman, Phelps Porter, Rantoul, Ru^ell,
Saekett, Schrrmerhorn, Bchooleiaft, Schoonmaker, ^cud- ,
der, Smart, Srantv, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. -
Stephens, Stone, Stioth^r, Fweetsur, Taylor, Benjamin
Thompson, Townshend. Tuck, Vennble, Watbridsc,, \\ al- ,
lace WaNh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Add-on ,
White, Alexander White, Williams, Woodward, and i
NAYS Me«r«. Charles Allen, Thomas II. Bayly,
Breckennd^e, Bufbv, Churchwell, Cobb, Dawson, Dean,
Disnev, Dunham, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gnylord,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Unit, Hendricks Henn,
Hilibaid, Hillver, Howard. Ingersoil, Letcher. Lockbart,
Ma^on, MeLanahan, McMulhn, Murray, isabers Olds,
Perm. Polk, Piice, Robb.ns, Robnifon, Savage, Scurry,
David l-i Sevinour, Orisren S. Seymour, Skelton, r reder-
ick P. Stanton, Itu-hard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Sevens,
St. Martin, Stiatton, Stuait, George W. 1 hompson, Wil
cox, and VVildrick—51.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under ihe rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. STUART: Several petitions of citizens of La-
porte, Indiana, and Berrien county, Michigan, for the im-
provement of the harbor at New Buffalo, in said State of
Michigan.
By Mr. GROW: The petition of citizens of Susque-
hannah eountv, Pennsylvania, for a mail route from Sus-
quehannah depot, on the New York and Erie railroad, to
Lenox, m t-anl county.
By Mr. BIBCOCK: The petition of merchants, ship-
owners, millers, and others, of the city of Oswego, New
York, praymjr Congress to make an appropriation to rebuild
the foundation of the light-house at Oswego.
Al-o, the petition of citizens of Oswego county, New
York, praying that the military bounty land law of 1850
may be extended to the widows of officers and soldiers en-
; titled to the benefits ol said law, whether married or unmar-
j ried at the time ot application.
! By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of merchants, ship-
; owners, undeivvnters, and other citizens of Philadelphia,
I interested in the commeiee of that port, remonsttaring
t against the icpeal or impairing the efficiency of the existing
i law n'lalive to expenses of pioceedmgs m admiralty against
«hips and vessels, and asking foi additional and definite
, legislation upon the subject.
i Bv Mr. IJOWNE : The petition of citizens of .New York
I and'New Jersey, for a light-house on Mill Reef.
' By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition of J. Parkin-
1 son and 80 other citizens of Marion county, State of
I Illinois, praying that the mails may not be cariied upon the
! Sabbath dav. . _
! By xMr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
: Hutchison & Co. and 41 others, citizens of the United
; States, creditor of Texas, praying for the enactment of a
! law to secure the payment of their claims on Texas at the
' Treasury of the United States.
; On motion by Mr. SCUPDER, it was
: Ordered, That the petition of Elijah Swift and others, of
i Massachusetts, asking an appropi mtion for the preservation
i of the harboi of Great Hoods Hole, and the accompanying
i papcis be taken fiom the tiles and referred to the Commit-
, tee on Commerce. . .
1 Al&o, that the petitions of William C. Starbuck and others,
' Jo-iAh Bradlee and otheis, Chailes Holden and others, Lnos
i Kent and others Thomas Nicke^on and others,Ezra1 hiti-
' nev and others, William V. Kent and others, and Robert
I B.'Wilhams and others, citizens of Massachusetts, asking
- foi an apniopriation for a bieakwatei at Great Point, Nan-
;] tucket, he taken from the files and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
Mr. POLK. It is now the usual hour. I move |
that the House adjourn. j
The motion prevailed, and the House adjourned
till to-morrow at twelve o'clock. li
. IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the "War Department,
1 transmitting, in compliance with the resolution oi
the Senate of the 26th instant, a copy of a letter
i from Brigadier General Talcott to Colonel B. Hu-
irer dated November 1, 1850", which was read, ana
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
, PETITIONS.
! Mr. MANG-TJM presented the memorial of
William Newbold, assistant marshal for taking
the Seventh Censusm Pasquotank County, North
Carolina, praying additional compensation; which
: was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
1 Mr hunter presented the petitions of Ann
1 Robinson, William K. Jennings, and Aphia W.
i Jennings, the legal representatives of William
i Dean, praying compensation out of the fund pro-
vided by the treaty of Ghent for negroes carried
off by the British troops m the war of 1812;
which were referred, to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. .
Mr HAMLIN presented the memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Piscataquis county, Maine, praying additional
compensation.
Ordered, That it lie on the tabic.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of the
Mayor and members of the Board of Aldermen
and the Board of Common Council, of the city of
Washington, praying that that city may be made
a port of entry, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. DODGK, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Charles Mason, county judge of Des Moines
county, Iowa, praying the aid of the United States
in the construction of a court-house and jail for
that county, which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
IRISH EXILED PATRIOTS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
a copy of the resolutions adopted at one of the
most respectable meetings ever assembled at De-
troit, and at which the Governor of the folate pre-
sided, 011 the subject of the resolution pending
