408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
before us, for the intercession of this Government
with that of England, to obtain the release of Smith
O'Brien and the other exiled Irish patriots, now
suffering for political offences in a British penal
colony, in the Southern ocean. 1 fully concur
with the sentiments expressed m these resolutions,
which I think have been prepared with good feel-
ing and good judgment, and in the measure it is
desired the Government should adopt. For ntj
own part, I see no political objections, no indeli-
cacy even in such a course, not of interference,
in my view, but of merciful suggestion; a just tri-
bute to the advancing opinions of the age.
How much nobler is the friendly expression of
interest and hope like this, conceived and commu-
nicated in a proper spirit of deference and respect
for another power, than the angry remonstrances
which crowd the pages of diplomatic history in
every age of this world! Such a proceeding is an
intercourse of good offices honorable to the mo-
tives of the country adopting it, and to the coun-
try receiving it, if received, as 1 trust this would
be, with the feelings of confidence and regard
which dictate our conduct. Of course it imposes
no obligations upon either of the parties, though
certainly its favorable issue could not fail to
strengthen the ties of amity between England and
us. The Government of that country well knows
that this is not a case where our application is
uncalled-for, or winch originates in unworthy
motives. It knows well, that a very considerable
portion of our population is connected with Ire-
land, either by birth or descent, and that many of
them are connected also by the ties of blood with
these unfortunate exiles. They sympathize deeply,
as do indeed the whole American people, with the
hard fate of these banished patriots—a feeling, I
have no doubt, wjiich prevails to a considerable
extent m England, and one which animates the
English people, and which they never fail to dis-
play when such occurrences take place in other
countries.
It is said, sir, that this proceeding will open the
way for similar applications, anil "that it is an im-
proper interference with another Government, and
it has also been feared that we might be'embar-
rassed hereafter by the veiy precedent, applied to
ourselves, which it is now sought to establish.
Mr. President, a great change has taken place
in the opinions of the world, on the subject of po-
litical offences. They nowhere carry with them
reproach or shame. They violate indeed exist-
ing laws, but they generally originate m the most
praiseworthy motives, and are pursued at the
hazard of every earthly good, as Washington and
a host of other illustrious men in ancient and in
modern days pursued their patriotic enterprises.
Nothing more distinctly marks the improved
condition of'public feeling than the abolition in all
constitutional governments of those atrocious and ,,
revolting punishments, once inexorably mllicted 1
by power upon patriotism. To feci and express ji
commiseration for such victims is now acknowl- '[
edged to be consistent with every principle of the L
most rigid moialify. Tliey are recognized as ii
being unfortunate, but not vicious. Indeed, they l|
are often noble men, as are those whose case en- [j
gages our attention, and who deserve the kind in- jj
terest of the world, both from their motives and |!
their character, and also from the position, once j'
high, but now low, to which they have fallen, and l|
in consequence of an effort made not for them- i
selves, but for their country, ft cannot be—there !,
is not the slightest danger of it—that such a na- i
tional application will ever be made in any case but '
in one like this, which is as far from niornl guilt
as innocence is from crime. T,cf n< .• one fear that |
this example will over be used or abused for the l"
purpose of intermeddling with the ordinary crim- '
mal proceedings of other powers. The vicious !
will find no commiseration for their punishment,
nor will any friendly hand be stretched forth to ,
aid them. And even in this case, however much i
our interest might have been excited, it would 1
have probably led to no action, had we not found
a justification m the circumstances I have stated !
ihere is, therefore, no ground to apprehend that :
nations might become embarrassed by such appli- .i
cations, or that they would lead to ill will or mis- j|
understanding. As to improper interference it
appears to me an entire misconstruction of the
term to apply it to a case like this. It is not in- i:
terference at all; it is intercession. It is a simple !!
request, made from the best motives in the best i>
spirit, and presented in the most unexception-
able language, and it leaves the British Gov-
ernment free to act its own pleasure? without
giving- us the slightest offence, should the result
be unsuccessful. How such a course can be
construed into improper interference, it passes
my powers of comprehension to perceive, a& it did
two years ago, to understand how the refusal to
make an appropriation to maintain a Minister at
the Court of Vienna could be an unjustifiable in-
terference with the Austrian Government. And
after puzzling myself upon the subject, time and
again, I am just as much in the dark as ever. It
is best to let a little common sense into our diplo-
matic questions, and not be too sensitive as to the
expression of our sentiments under proper circum-
stances. Depend upon it, sir, we shall best pre-
serve rmr own self-respect by such a course, and
secure the respect of the world.
If tin's request is granted, itwould be an act that
would produce a most favorable effect upon the
people of this country; and if refused, as I have
said, there the matter would end, unless, indeed,
the British Government should so far forget what
is due to itself and to us,as to givea rude answer,
not justified by the circumstances, nor the manner
of the application. I have no belief, sir, that such
a gratuitous folly would be committed; and even
if it were, we should find some means of not being-
left in debt upon the occasion. National dignity
is a good thing, but let us not be everlastingly
afraid that ours is in danger.
As to the encouragement that this step would
give to similar applications by other powers to us,
it does not occasion me the slightest concern.
When such a case occurs here, and a like interest
is felt elsewhere, and from like circumstunces,
and an intercession is made for a similar object,
and in unexceptionable language, I trust it will be
received in the best feeling: aye, and granted, too,
unless there are far stronger objections to the
measure than there appears to me to be in the
present instance. If there could be any fear,
which I am satisfied there would not be, of the
release of these banished sufferers, lest they mi>ht
again become dangerous, let them be sent to this
great asylum of the oppressed of all nations,
where we shall be ready to receive them, and ad-
mit them to all the privileges of our political sys-
tem as soon as the provisions of our Constitution
will permit. If England hails their departure, we
should welcome their arrival.
One word, sir, on the subject of precedents,
whose appearance I anticipate on this occasion, as
an old enemy,alwavs upon the alert to enforce the
standstill policy. For once leUis put a foot down
without first peering carefully about to ascertain
if a foot was ever placed in that precise spot be-
fore. Let us yield to the generous sympathy of
our nature. Let us obey the inspirations of the
age, and try, where the trial is proper, " to set
the prisoner free." If the world must have pre-
cedents, let us make one; they have been made
before us; and this will be a preerdent for peace,
and not for war; for mercy, and not for vengeance
nor oppression; a precedent for intercession be-
tween Governments, in favor of suffering human-
ity. Let us set an example, if there never was
one before.
There have been examples enough of folly and
cruelty in national inter-commumcations. We
shall lose, neither in position nor character, by
endeavoring to furnish some of wisdom and mer-
cy. If success follows the effort it would be a
brighter page in our history, than is supplied by
the bloodiest and most renowned of our battle-
fields.^ I shall vote for the original resolution,
even if it is not modified, because, though the
President has declined to enter into a diplomatic
correspondence with the British Government upon
this subject, on an application recently made to
him, I do not understand that he would have any
objections to such a measure, if Concress should
take upon itself the responsibility of inviting his
action: and I feel assured that the President would
be gratified to see the accomplishment of the ob-
ject, by means, that might appear to him proper,
as he expressed upon that occasion, the sympa-
thies, that an American citizen and an American
Chief Magistrate ought to feel, under such cir-
cumstances. _ But, sir, there is a mode, in which
tins expression of national feeling may be ob-
tained, and this difficulty and others too, that have
been urged, avoided, and that is, by so modifying
the resolution, that it shall not require a forma!
communication to the British Government, but
shall be merely the expression of the deep interest
the American people feel m the fate of these exiles,
and our hope, that they will be speedily restored
to the condition of freemen.
This course would require no formal diplomatic
correspondence, though it would make part of our
legislative history, testifying the feelings of the
people, and would become known to the British
Government, through their Minister or through
our own, in an informal way, as is often the case,
and also by the public journals of the day, and
the moral effect would be as great as a more direct
application. I cannot believe that the British
Cabinet wo-uld hesitate to yield to a wish of this
country so unexceptionably expressed.
Mr. President, is it surprising that the sympa-
thy of the whole American people is so generally
awakened by misfortunes, as deplorable as these
cases present, and which appeal so powerfully to
the best feelings of our nature, and in an especial
manner to that large class of our fellow-citizens,
who trace their origin to Ireland ? Wherever there
is political oppression in the -world, the heart of an
Irishman is with the oppressed % and his head and
hands too, when the suffering is within his reach.
Ireland has furnished, and yet furnishes, a great
portion of our emigrant population, whose worth
and talent and industry have added largely to the
power and resources of the country. The victim
of harsh and hard laws at home, the emigrant
from that unfortunate land, knows how to value
liberty here; and I believe it would be a phenome-
non to find an Irishwiatt who was not ardentlv
attached to the Constitution and union of these
States.
And this attachment they have sealed with their
blood,upon evei y battle-field fromQ,uebec to Mex-
ico; defending with unsurpassed valor the stand-
ard of our country, from Montgomery, who fell
almost under the Arctic Circle, to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] who poured out his blood
like water beneath the northern tropic, and gave
me a proof of regard, rarely offered or received
by man, by sending me the expression of his
kind iecollection? when heand the friends around
him thought the hand of death was upon him,
and fiom which cotidition his recovery was little
less than miraculous. He who has no sympathy
with such citizens, nov part in their sympathies,
has few feelings in common with me.
As the resolution is already before us, I move
that these proceedings lie upon the table and be
printed. ♦
Mr. BERjRIEN. Let the resolutions be read.
The Secretary read them as follows:
Whereas.™ The jear *8-18, when the people of Ireland
felt dtvph aggrieved for their political and aocmi condition,
and alloyed thai that condition was in a groat measure
i owing to the aclnnm-tiativp policy of the Government of
j England towards that country :
! And whereas O'Brien, Mitchell, Meagher,
; O'jDonohue, Martin, 0'Dougherty, and other*, doomed that
! a rcsoit to icvoiiitionaiv measures was the onlyiemedy
; piesewed by which to rediess the grievances complained of;
| And whereas their erroi, if they did err, was one of opm-
; ion as to the best mode to ho adopted to remedy the existing
, evils and relieve the sufferings of the people of Ireland 
i which am? the necessity for relief weie admitted
| by the Government of England:
; And whereas the means adopted by the^epolitical offend-
er* against the existing authorities of the British Empire
, ref-uJtcd in their condemnation and banishment to a penal
i colony:
And whereas we deeply deplore their present sufferings,
and aim'ou-fy desire their release and lestoratkm to tiieir
families and to society :
And whereas a 1 evolution is now pending before the Coiv
or the United Stale* in the following words, to wit:
Be It rcsoh ed, That in consideration of the general
sympathy felt )w the people of the United States for" Smith
O'Brien, Thomas F. Meagher, and their immediate asso-
ciates, (exiled Irish patriots,) and the warm sympathies
felt by the countrymen of these dfctingni&hed .snffereis, who
have become citizens of the United States, the President
of the United States be requested to aulhouze a corre-
spondence to bo opened with the Government of her Majes-
ty, the Q-iipob of Great Britain and Ireland, appealing to
the magnanimity of the British Government and people m
their behalf, and respectfully requesting the liberation of
thp*e por^onases from their present confinement, with ar 
offer to leccive them upon the hospitable shores of the Uni-
ted Urates."
Resolved, Thar we deeply sympathize with Messrs.
O'Brien, Mitchell, Meagher, and their associates in exile
and heartily respond to the sentiments contained in, and the
object* contemplated by, the foregoing resolution, and re-
spectfully recommend to our Senators and Representatives
in the Congieis of the United States, that they each give
to the same an earnest, cordial, and efficient support.
Resolved, That we do not assume for our Government
the right to dictate to, or m any wise interi'eie with, the ac-
