2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
fore the Messrs. Kendall engaged in the prosecu- ||
tion of the claim, they took from the Indians a j
contract, by which the Indians assigned one twen- i
tieth part of everything, whether land or money,
which they might procure from the Government :
of the United States, and authorized them, as at- j
torneys, to represent them at the Department of!
the Treasury* to obtain from the United States i
their claim. Now I ask the honorable Senator j
from North Carolina if, m a judicial proceeding j
where the United States could be made a party, ■
their liabilities and rights are not to be decided by 1
precisely the same rules as those of private citi- I
zens? Then I propound another question: Whether I
a power of attorney of this sort, which is known \
to lawyers as a " power of attorney coupled with \
an interest," js revocable in its character? 1 pre- |
sume he will say that it is not, and that the rights '
of the Government are to be judged by the same !
rule as we would apply to an individual whose '
rights were the same under the same condition of!
circumstances.
Not only were the Messrs. Kendall constituted
agents to receive the money at the Treasury, but
an assignment of one twentieth part of whatever i
might be paid by the United States, in land or [
monev, was to be given to them. You may call -
it, if you please, a chose in action. It was an un- ;
recovered debt. It was uncertain and contingent, ,
but the courts of equity regard it as an equitable i
assignment of that much money; so that when ,
the treaty of 1846, which ascertained the amount
due to the western Cherokee**, was made and con-
eluded by the Government, I fake it for granted j
that, according to an equitable view of the case, ■
there was one twentieth part of that money, the i
real ownership to which had been parted with, !
and the title to which these Indians had transferred "
to the Messrs. Kendall, by instruments of the very '
highest solemnity, and secured by every legal se- [
cuiiry and safeguard which could be thrown'
around the transaction. The Messrs. Kendall ;
took not only a power of attorney} to represent 1
the Indiana themselves at the Treasury, but they 1
were to receive one twentieth. But the Indians i
made an assignment and divestiture of their inter-,
est in that much money, and this was to be paid \
by the very parties of the Cherokee nation with I
whom we made the treaty of 1846. !
Now, as to the competency of these parties to 1
make a contract to bind the western Cherokees. ;
If they weir competent to enter into the treaty of j
!84(>,and leleasoail their undefined claims against
tiie Government, they were just as competent to
provide for these agents, by whose instrumentality
they weie enabled to bring about the provisions of
the treaty. J'ut the agents s^em to have antiei-!
pnted something like a difficulty of this kind, and,
after the conclusion of the treaty, they took from
the same men who had then concluded it, an in-
strument winch reaffirmed the provisions of the
old contract, and in which they again authorized
the Government and officers of the United States
to pay one twentieth of all tlmt might be allowed
to them. This agreement was made by the same .
parties who mn<duded the treaty, not only befoie
it w;iS mn'b\ bat a^er it was made. The comne-
fenr-y of r>uiMes to h<ml the western, or Old
Settler Cherokee.*-', cannot be <'alitd in questi-m for
a monnmt.
The question is, therefoye, there having been an
equif >h'e scanner'! of one twentieth ot the pro-
ceeds, am! <)\ to having been executed a power of
nffor:ie\ , cour.led with an interest, which was '
m it« t in e i. \ r\oca I If, the United States should '
be ha'-ie, Iv^n^r i "> rhc-'r own wrong, after notire
of the fai,f, p od am mint of mo rev under the
genornl terms of thf npnror.mr'nn. J>mt I think
gentlemen a-e mistaken, vain s:y the appropria-
tion was mnde bv n's ge le-.i! terms to di-'rib-
U ted per rapila. That was not in the body of the
amendment wh-ch I hnd the honor to oiler on that
occasion; bat I think th.it a proviso was offered
afterwards, hy the Senator Oom Wisrr.psin, and
attr 'd.r-'I to ihc end of it, which provided tlv-st no 1
pp.it of themmey appropriated in that bill should
he* *"nid to any assignee.
Tb r- oner-'mn presented Ir, how much of that
rnone- we h«id control over' How much of it ,
w-.s o a -■ v> <io.-rop"!fite? The Committee on [n- ;
diaa tonk a'l thpre subjects into consider- :
atjon. and concluded that nineteen twentieths of it
belonged to the Cherokee?, and thst there was one .
twentieth the ownership to which they had parted
with and to which we had not any right, in full
knowledge of the facts, to apply to other persons.
These assignments were filed in the office of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and during the
time when the appropriation was being considered,
the present claimants, lest they might he con-
cluded, by not making their claim known, took
the precaution of filing a solemn protest and re-
monstrance against the payment of the one twen-
tieth part, or the five per cent., to the Indians.
That presents the legal question, whether or not
a trustee for the disbursement of a fund, who has
received noticc that a portion of it has undergone
the operation of an equitable assignment, does not j
pay in his own wrong when he disburses money j
which is equitably not his own and pays it over to ;
the wrong parties.
It was upon that simple view of the legal ques-
tion that the committee believed the United States !
were responsible; and if we are mistaken in the ;
question of law, then there is no foundation for
the claim; but we gave to it the best consideration 1
that we were able, and decided as a mere question
of law that the United States were liable, I he-<
lieve that if it could be made a judicial question the
Supreme Court would decide that the United States ,
were liable, upon the ground that, as trustees,
they had misapplied the trust fund, contrary to
the known intention of the party who created the ;
trust. I, myself, would much prefer an amend-
ment that would make this a judicial question, and
which would submit the rights of this Government
to the test of a judicial decision; for if the question ;
of law is against the claimants here there is no :
ground whatever for the claim; and if the question
of law is in their favor, we are making <x political j
out of what should be a judicial question; and I ■
am not in favor of that in any case where we can
avoid it. The amendment, however, has not been
presented in that shape, and I submit my view
alone upon the legal question.
As to the equity of the claim, we must all ad- :
mit that it comes in a most graceless form before
the Senate, for it is not presumed by any one that
the United States received any consideration at all;
and we know something of that feeling in which
Senators indulge, based upon the abuses of the
system of agencies which has grown up. I know
that no kind of favor is now extended towards
these men. But the Committee on Indian Affairs
base this claim upon the ground of the legal lia-
bility of the United States, which we believe could
be enforced in a court of justice if the amendment
had taken a form to make this a judicial instead of
a political question.
I have submitted these remarks because I
thought that Senators omitted to state, in the opin-
ions which they had given, one important fact—
that this was not the simple constituting of a
power of attorney, but it is what gentlemen of
the law familiarly denote a power of attorney
coupled with an interest, which we know always
operates as an assignment irrevocable in its char-
acter. It is regarded by the courts as part of the
1 security of the claim, and the administration of
' the rights of parties concerned under it are placed
! upon the footing of equitable parties in interest.
I Mr. BADGER. Although I have not fully re-
j covered from the hlushes brought to my cheek by
* the compliment bestowed by my friend from Ar-
| kansas, [Mr. Sedastiav,] yet I feel myself bound
; to answer as well as J can the questions which he
I his propounded. And first, as to the power of
attorney coupled with an interest, which he soys
I is not revocable. That is very true; but it only
I leaves it as a power of attorney between the per-
i sous who made it and their agents. The principal
; cannot revoke the power, but it is still a power
} from him: and I undertake to say that if there be
a power of attorney irrevocable authorizing A B
| to collect a debt of C D, C D would nevertheless
; have the right to pay the principal, and I suppose
I my friend wiil not dispute it. That is the whole
I question here. Having paid the debt to the prin-
| cipal, the question is whether we thereby incur
I a responsibility to the agent?—whether the right
1 of the agents being constituted by their principal
\ ceases when we pay the principal, or whether we
i are bound also to pay the agent? That is the
I amount of the matter.
j In this case, so far as I have discovered, there
' is no assignment. But suppose there were. I do
: not want to bring any question here unnecessarily;
I but I aver, in the first place, that the assignment
of a claim against the Government, is a matter
which the Government is at liberty to treat as
valid, or not valid, at its pleasure. How does a
man who has a claim against this Government
obtain the right to make the Government indebted
to somebody else except himself? No such claim
exists under the common law. It is altogether
under the commercial iuv, and by statute, that
ckosesin action are assignable.
The principle of the common law is, that open,
unliquidated demands are'never assignable; and the
ground upon which it proceeds is, that no man can
be made debtor to another without his own consent.
If the Government, therefore, owe this money to
these principals, unless we choose to recognize
the assignment, it has no obligatory force. We
may recognize it and pav to the assignee, and the
assignor cannot complain, because he authorized
it to be done. We may repudiate it, and pay the
whole amount to the assignor, and the assignee
cannot complain, because we had no contract with
him.
But this case stands on a totally different footing.
The treaty upon its face makes this claim unassign-
able, and requires that the money shall be paid, not to
any agent or assignee, but to the persons to whom
it is directly due. If, therefore, these persons
made assignments, and trufficed in them pgainst
the law, they acquired no title. The treaty care-
fully guarded against the pretense of interposing
agents who could receive the money, and retain
what portions of it they pleased, leaving their
poor, miserable, red principals to take whatever
they should think proper to diibble out to them,
to relieve them in their necessities and distresses.
Here is the provision of the treaty:
" And it is fuiilier n-zroe cl, that the per capita allowance
to bo paid as aforesaid ^hail nor bp jissi^nable, but >iiail be
paid dnouilv to tin; untitled Jo it. os to his hnib or
leiral ^preventatives by tiie airem ot tiie United Staffs."
Mr. COOPER. Will the honorable Senator
tell me when that treaty was made'
Mr. BADGER. It was in 1846.
Mr. COOPER. The agreement was in 1343.
Mr. BADGER. It might have been in 1653.
for all the bearing it has on this cose. I care not
about the agreement. The treaty was our con-
tract. We were no parties to the agreement.
We agreed with the Indians to pay the money to
them. The Indians stipulated from us that we
should not allow it to be paid to any attoi neys or
agents. We had, therefore, no right, as honest
men, to pay it to an attorney after the stipula-
tions of the treaty.
Mr. WALKER. If we had paid the amount
to attorneys, would not the Indians have had a
valid claim against us according to the treaty?
Mr. BADGER. Undoubtedly. According to
the clause of the treaty which i have read, if we
. had paid the money to the agents or attorneys,
I the Indians might well have rendered a claim
! against us for it.
' Mr. CUTLER. Perhaps it is my duty to these
| Cherokees that 1 should say one word. I have
! had some knowledge of their character from the
| fact that one of my friends has been their agent.
, I believe, from all I can learn of that people, that
I they would be the last, deliberately, to repudiate
I a debt. I have learned that they are remarkably
| cautious m making their contracts, and they are
j faithful in the observance of *r:\Uy stipulations,
j The fact that they have thought proper U> refuse
| tins debt, whi'"h tlvse grntlemen have brought
j against them, is rather a satisfactory answer to
; the reasons fhnt have been urged for it. They are
j a faithful people. I stand here to say for them
I this much, that I dcubt whether, in a court of
I justice, these claimants would stand verv well,
j even recording to the views preserved by the Sen-
j ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Scbastux,] I believe
; he is entirely correct in saying that a pi wer of
attorney, coupled with an interest, is not revoca-
! ble. Still, the gentleman insists that this Govern-
i ment was bound to take notice of a contfpet to
j which it wns not a partv. ]N*ow, when we ninde
J this treaty stipnlnt'on, aivj ordered the monev to
| be paid out per crpifa, did I or did my other Sen-
; ator have absolute notice of this agreement? I
! take it for granted, that we had no notice when
j we napsed this ]<«w: and, therefore, the Govern-
i ment, when it ordered the money to be paid per
! capita, did so without any notice.
I take it, that we cannot be compelled to re-
1 cognize an obligation or to recognize a ronfracj
