1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
sustains the objection of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee upon the left [Mr. Stanton-] in this, that
it is not m order to address the Chair while the
Chair is in the act of dividing, the House. There
is an express rule to that effect. It is not very
often observed, however, as~ the gentleman is very
well aware.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. - 1 move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
, Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that. We lose two weeks if we adopt this
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
\l'he question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 55, noes G6.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Onn] to with-
draw his motion for a moment to allow me to re-
port a bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done; I have a privileged motion pending.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and there were, on a division—ayes 81,
noes 45.
So the House adjourned to meet to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., we.se pre-CiUi-d
under the rulr*, and referred to tlie appropriate comnuU.'tv-:
By Mi. FLORENCE : Tito meiuonnl of Joim W. fto-
lieau, W. Nutter, William Hunri<'rfmaik, pud 00 ofhei
citizens of Philadelphia, petitioning Confess to pa-v a law
granting 160 acies. oi land to ^olcheis of the war of IS! J, the
Indian ware, and Florida w.n, &c.
By Mr. STANTON, of Teime^ee: The mcmmiul of'tho
citizen? of Fairfax and Alexandria counties, Virginia, pray-
ing fot a leeou&tmcunn ol the Long tfridjje.
Ry Air. CHANDLER : Tit« memorial of liionids Suli\,
John Neatjle, and other a tNt>, ol Philadelphia, a-kii'ir tlmt
P. F. Rothermell, of that city, be employed to paint an his-
torical picture for Congress.
By Mi. PURKEE : The memojial «f t!ie Mavoi a.ul
Council of Racine, VWconMii, in leUtion to the luiprov e-
inent of the liarhor at tln:t place.
By Mi. WELCH : The petition nti/ini  of (.'.tll'M
county, Ohio, asking five veais'half-pay fui Mnrv llun-ii-
i tigs.
By Mr. RIDDLE: The petition of Tnoinns O.^ociit--,
John W. Davis, and Ki3 other eilnso s ot Kent eoutitv,
State of Delaware, prauwj tor the enactment mtn a law of
the bill now pending boiom^'omrje.-s, for the encoura^e-
mont of agriculture, manuuutmt>, and oiher hianciie.s o,
industry, by giantiny inoveiymait wlio wil1 -ett!e on and
cultivate the !-anie, 160 acres of public land, a.- a ho.ne
stead-
By Mr. MACE: The petition of Thomas Lcwks, of Car
roll county, fndiana, a>-kiuii to be indemnified for money
paid the legisfor of the land office at Ciavvtbid-ville, on
the purchase of land, whi^h wa-> misapplied.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio : The petition ot* \V. F. Do
La Mater and 97 other.-, praying for a mail route from Co-
shocton, via Roscoe, ^imuions'H Run, Mohawk Valley, to
New Castle, in Oo-liootou county, Ohio.
Also, the petition of Jame-i Douglas and -12 other*, on the
same subject.
By Mr. McNAlfi : Tfie te>oludorjs of 'he Lep-iature of
the State of Pennsylvania, ju opposition to the Paiker
patent.
4iso. thiee petitions of Israel Thoma- and 93 othet^,«it-
izens of Monttfomorv-eounty, IVnn-j lvini.t, and a'^o -«i>r
vivmg olTice^, soldier, ceameu,and mamies-, a id widows
and ehildten of tho.-e deeea-ed, who >eived in the w«u of
181*3, prayiiis Conyivv* ro moijuyihe bounty land act of
Septeinbei 28. IS^O, <?o a"- to mve to each person n> he bene-
fited tberebv 160 acies of land.
By Mr. DAVIrt, of Indiana: A joint, lesolution of the
Legislature of said £faie, iclativc to l ount> huid.->.
By Mr. PARKEH, of Iwham: Tno petition of M L,
Bimdv, Samuel linzzanl, and 3^ other*, eifizens of Henry
and Madison eounllr.-, Indiana, pra\nig tor a mail unite
from Ne\y Castle to Pe«idleton
By 3Ir. HASOAbL : 1'he petition of "William Paiker, an
Indian ehiei, tor an meiea^e oi' p"n-i'' t, with pen-jon cer-
tificate and nccomnsnyinn docuiu'-nt*.
Bv Mr. GORMAN:*A.ioint resolution of the Leg'-lfUun.'
of Indiana, in relation to bnnmy
Also, the pennon of NoNon llobin=on ami ofSieH, foi a
mail route from Biown-town, Indiana, to Bloomm'.'foii, m
said State.
Also, the petition of Wil.-on Jnne-4 and other-5, foi the im-
provement of the FalNui'tlie Ohio uver
By Mr. TIAWS: The m^monal of Ro-vell D. Ma^-in
and William Ballard, asking payment tor eettiin pjoperty
belonging to iheni; whicli thev allege ha- bfen taken and
uspd by the Government, without eornprn-atiou to them.
By Mi. KING, of New York: The petition ol heir-! ot
John De Groat, of the New York. Aitilleiy Continental line,
for eighty dollars, boumyand interest, and bounty land.
By Mr. SCiJ ERMERIIORN: The memorial of 110 citi-
zens of the city of .Rochester, New Yoik, pra\in£t for tree
and unre.-trieted connneiee between the Unite"d'^tate  and
Canada.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 11, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan. -
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have a petition,
numerously signed, by citizens of Logan county,
in the State of Ohio, remonstrating against tlie
passage of a bill of the House of Representatives,
now pending before this body, to extend the time
for the location of land warrants m that military
district; which also piovides for extending the
time for making returns of land warrants m that
district, i have also a letter, explanatoiy of their
views of that bill, which 1 present, and move that
the memorial and letter be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Tho£.
Fitmun, late Warden of the Penitentiary of the
District ot Columbia, praying tha1. an amount paid
by ium for messenger hire may be refunded;
winch was leferred to the Committee on Claims.
Also', the petition of the administrator Wil-
liam Thompson, praying to be allowed "depreci-
ation pay," for services during the war of the
Revolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I hold m my
hand a memorial, addressed to the Congress of the
United Slates, by Thomas Sully, Rembrandt
Peale, John Nagle, John Sartam,and about twen-
ty-five other artists of Philadelphia, praying Con-
gicbs to employ Mr. Peter F. Rothermel, a dis-
tinguished American artist, to execute certain his-
torical pictures for the illustration and adornment
of the Capitol or President's House. I need not
say a word in reference to the character of the artist
to whom ••eferenee is made. He is known as one
of the most eminent historical pamte.rs of the coun-
try, who has executed several highly creditable
pictures, one of which is now m the rotunda of
the Capitol, representing Patrick Henry, on the
occasion of one of his gi cat speeches at ^Viihams-
buig. fcsir, I will not detain the Senate by any
fuithei remarks, but 1 will move the refeience of
the menimiul to the Commitiee on the Librniy;
and i desire to give notice that 1 shall at some fu-
ture day, call up the resolution which 1 olfered in
reference to the employment of Mr. Healy and
Mv. Leutze, to paint irstoneal pictures, and shall
;i(ld to it the name of Mr. Rothermel.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
tlie Library.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying that a S ettei ob-
servance of the Sabbath may be ensured, by Con-
gress passing a law prohibiting the transport-
ation of the mails on Sunday; wliiih was referred
to the Committee on the Post Olli:c and Post
(Jotuis.
Mr. BROOKE pirsenltd (he petitions of Wm.
n. Yerby,Charles Neville Simms, James II.Lus-
hy, Caleb W.Litehiield,and Madison Gassaway,
assistants to the commission to run and maik the
boundary line between the United States and
Mexico, and w}>.  uere discharged m 1853 by an
oiuer of the Secetarv of the iniertor, praying the
settlement uf their ;>cootints, and an allowance for
their outlays; which were refeucd to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr.MALLORY presented an additional doc-
ument relative to the claim of Kennedy find Dar-
ling; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. C11ASE presented the memorial of the
assistant nwxhals for taking the Seventh Census
m Fayette county, Oh:o, praynig additional com-
pensation; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Jefferson
county, Ohio, praying that the bill now pending
before Co'iq-iess. granting to every man who is
tlie head of a f unity and a citizen of tlie United
Spates, one hundred and sixty acres of land, may
become a law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Lopm county,
Ohio, praying that the transportation of the mails
on Sunday may be prohibited bylaw; which was
referred to the Committee ©n .the Post Office and
Post Roads. . - -
Also, a petition of merchants and £itiz.eps ot
Cincinnati, prayiftg the erection of^ac'ustbm-house
in that city; which was referred tO'the Committee
on Commerce. ' ' • .
• Also, a petition of citizens of.Indiana, praying
for the construction of another canal arojiha the
Falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side of the river;
which was referred to the'Committee on "Ro^ds
and Canals. ' ' '
Mr. BRODHEAD presented three petitions of
citizens of Montgomery county,. Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the' bounty la"nd law;
which were ordered to be laid on the table*
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented two petitions
of citizens residing in the Mississippi Vafley,
praying the construction of a new canal around
the Falls of the Ohio; which were referred-to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. .
Mr. FELCH presented the" petition of Rock-
well Maiming, praying compensation for services,
and expenses in transporting the mails not required
by his contract, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads'.
Mr. HA.LE presented a petition of citizens-of
Milford, New Hampshire, praying the adoption
of measures for the amicable adjustment .of inter-
national controversies; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RUSK. I have been requested to present
the petition of Benjamin Crawford, in behalf of the
Pittsburg association of steam-boat engineers, in
relation to the explosion of steam-boilers and other
accidents to steam vessels on the western waters.
Mr. Crawford is a practical engineer, and repre-
sents the views of a number of them. A bill has
been reported to the Senate, having for its object
the adoption of some rules for the preservation of
life on board of steamboats, which they pray Con-
gress to pass into a law. The number of accidents
that have occurred on board, steamboats call loudly
upon Congress to afford, if possible, some rem*
edy. As the memorial states some matters con-
nected with the subject with which I presume the
members of the Senate arc not familiar, I move
that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was referred, to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of Hiram Brown, and others, remonstrating
against the renewal of Cyrus H. McCormick's
patent for a reaping machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Anthony Villardand-James
KtiheUon Ue >"*au!t Vital, on tlie files of the Senate,"bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUisE.
A message from the House of Representatives
wns received byMr. Forney, its Clerk,announcing
that it had passed a joint resolution from the Sen-
ate, granting the ngnt of way to the Fayetteville
and Centrnl Plank Road Company.
WAR STBAMBR FOR HARBOR DEFENSE.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that all prior orders
be postponed, for the purpose of taking' up the
onit resolution authorizing the completion of a
war steamer for harbor defense. Notice was given
of intention to call it up to-day, by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and, in his
absence, 1 have been lequested to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to present a petition. I will also say
to him that 1 was under a promise to call up to-
day a bill which was engrossed and ready for its
passage. I refer to the bill in relation to agencies
for claims. I promised the gentleman from,North
Carolina that 1 would call iT up to-day. I hope
that the Senator from Florida will consent that
that bill may have preference.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 withdraw my motion for
the purpose of allowing petitions to be presented;
but 1 wish, at the same time, to say to the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, that the. honorable
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton} was
entitled to the floor last week on this resolution,
i. but gave way, as I understand,for other Senators.
I: He is now prepared to address-the Senate on that
i! subject.
