1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
made with other persons, of which we ourselves
had no notice; and I say, we ought not, as a Gov-
ernment, to be hampered by these collateral agree-
ments. It would oe a very strange state of things
if we were to be Inmpered in making treaties with i
the Indians, «>y collateral agreements, made by |
them with their agents. I am not so sure that if ,
We were a court of equity, and had to adjudicate 1
this question as a question affecting an assignee, 1
the consideration would not form a part of the
deciee of the court. I do not know that the con- 1
tract was founded on on adequate consideration. I
The amendment way rejected. ;
Mr. BADGER. I have an amendment to oii'er ■
which is very plain, and which 1 hope will com- [
mend itself to the favorable consideration of the
Senate. There is to be found m this bill a provia- '
ion in these words.
" To pay the claim adjured by the accounting officers ;
of the United ptntt--^ Tt < a-uiy. nt f.i\ oi ef David Taylor, un- '
der the la'ter ehnw of the JiiUlnci.tu nrticiy of thr; Chem- j
treatv, concluded :ii X"\v Kchota, December 99, l&Jo. '
and appiovi-d by the Senate, MS bu<>, and to lu> pa-d out ot '
the balance oi tin-apmopnation- ol July id, IH3G. under the '
act entitled k An act making turthor appmpriations lot eai-
rying into offset certain Indian treaties.' r
My amendment is to strike out this clause, and j
to insert in lieu of it, the following1: !
To pav tl• c claim of David Ta\ lor, a? adjusted and found
due by the Second Auditor of'the Trca-ury on the Ilth
of Man'h, 18o2, under iho latter clause of the thirteenth ar- ;
tichi of the treats with the ('iierokee^. concluded at New
Ecliota, on the 29th of December, 1 ^3*>, and approved bv
the Senate, .^21.^,3 Oi, and to he paid out <>> thehalnnce of .
the appiopnation* of July 7i, 1836, under the act entitled
" An act tnak'n<r fuMher applanations tor canying into !
effect ceitan: Indian tio.ities?."
I will explain in a word the effect of this amend- .
ment, and the ground upon which It is founded. !
its elled is to give David Taylor interest upon the •
sum which tite bill, as it comes from the House,
proposes to give linn. The giound upon which li
it is proposed to give interest is this: Two Attor-
neysGeneial in succession decided that David j
Taylor's claim was an adjudicated claim by the j
commissioner under the treaty, and ought to have j
been paid. Still, there were difficulties in the .j
way of procuring payment. The Senate have on 'j
three several occasions nut the appropriation into |
a bill, for the purpose of paving him; hut upon d
committees of conference, if, hf'S been ruled out [
by the House of Representatives. Finally, as ■
the Semite know, at. this session the Piesident ;
&ent us a nomination of a commissionerundcrthe
treaty, with a view to pass upon the claim. It
was referred fo the Committee on Indian AffViirs.
That comrii'tpp reported unanimously thai there
was no necessity for the commissioner, for the
claim had been already adjudicated by the former
commissioner. That report, was unanimously
concurred in by the Senate. Theca.se stands, then,
thus: This was a claim under that treaty, adju-
dicated by the commissioner, payable by the
United Sr.ues, and fur which a warrant ought,
yeais ago, to have been issued: but the difficulty
is, that since certain discussions m tIse House of
Representatives, with regard to interest upon a
certam large cl urn, the executive officers have got
•so scary t' ;.t they are almost afraid to allow inter-
est on anything. This case was adjudicated
against the United Srare^ y<-ats ago, for this sum
of money, by the proper commissioner under the
treaty, and the proposition now is whether, it
b'^in^ in the nature of a judgment, the United
Stales nliL|,L not to pay if. That is the whole
f-ue^tion.
Mr. RMNTRR. A* the provision stands in
the b'!', if > -• according to the estimate of the Treas-
ury Dena-'ment. They refused there to allow
interest. The qneMaon seems to be a contest be-
tween officers. T am wdhng to vote for the pro-
vision as it stands in the bill. 1 understand a
recent decision m the Department has been against
the allowance of interest.
Mr. BADGER. The case is th's: The Aud-
itor allowed the interest, and allowed it rightfully;
but, as I said, the Secretary of the Tre su;y was
afraid to allow it, because, I suppose, there lias
been sn mimh fuss and disturbance about the al-
lowance of interest. If the United States are not
to pay in'c-rest in this case, in what case are they ?
This is a eliim wh.cb was adjudicated by the
proper officers fourteen years ago, and allowed
against the Government.
'Mr. BELL. Who is in default ?
Mr. BADGER. T will not enter into the ques-
tion of default. The claim should have been paid
long ago. I understand that years ago, during
Mr. Polk's administration, an order was made out
for a warrant directing the payment of this money
to be made by Mr. Walker, then the Secretary of
the Treasury> when certain gentlemen went to
the President and procured from him a direction
to the Secretary (for what reasons 1 know not) to
rescind the order. The Senate have three times
examined the case, and oulered the money to be
paid; audit will be the shortest measure of jus-
tice, or rather the grossest injustice, which has
ever been committed to any man by this Govern-
ment, if the claim is not paid with interest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 renew the amendment
winch was rejected as in Committee of the Whole,
to insert the following in the bill:
That the Seeietarv of War be directed lo pay to each o*"
the tuivivor*, oi to the heh^ o( tho^e who have died,of the
Seminole warrior© who were mulcted into the semccol
the United Stales, at Fort Brooke, in Deeeinbci, ISJo, an
amount equal to tineo months' pay and allowance ot a pri-
vate ^oldn-i in the Avmv ot the United State*: Provide<K
That the amount so paid shall not exceed ^3,£70 : dud jno-
ci(/cc/, rho, That <aieh amount paid siiall he in full oi all
claims ol ;-nul tnendly Seminole^, dtu the Flotida war,
foi compeuiMiuon and tor indemnity on account of lo <! 
bu?-tanied.
t will not go into a statement of the case. Sev-
eral Senators who objected to it when in Com-
mittee of the Whole have since become satisfied
thnf it is all right. I have reviewed the report
which I made under the direction of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and I find the documents
sustain me in everything. The evidence is con-
clusive, Those Indians never were paid. An
estimate from the Paymaster's Department in
1850 shows that they had not been paid. Under
this state of the case, I will simply submit the
amendment again. In point of fact, it was car-
ried before; but the vote was announced as a tie,
because a Senator voting in favor of it was over-
looked.
Air. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken without debate. I am not disposed to renew
the discussion, though I shall not vote for the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Skc .—. be it furiher cnactol. That the seventl
sums of tnonev appiopnated by this act to any Indian ot
Indians "hall he paid duccily t<  the Indian or Indian^ <-n~
titled thereto, m person, and not to any auditor attorney of
said Indian or Indians whether-uich attorney or aiicnt in:iv
have been eoiiy-tituted by a written powei of attorney or
nlherwi-e; and that no person shall he appointed oi con-
tinued as an agent of the Govcimncnt, to make any Mieh
payment, who hold--, or is interested in, any contract with
any Indian or I ndians mentioned m thi> at t; and that In*-
fnieany pei- on shall In.' allowed to maki' any such pay
inent, or any disbursement of monev herein appropriated,
he '-hall lake and Milwnbe an oath before some competent
autliO) ity, to be fded m the Department of the Intei mi, that
he does not hold, and is not interested, either dneellv oi in-
dued!)', m anycontiaet of any kind, with anv Indian or
Indian-, mentioned in this art, and that he w ill not, duriny
the continuance of his duties, become a holder of, or inter-
er-ted in, any such contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being proposed, the
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the lull to be read a third time.
SAULT STE. MARIE.
Mr. CASS. I desire to give notice to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that I shall
hold him ins promise, and trust he will aid
me to get up the bill providing for the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of the Sauk
Ste. Marie.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, *8ugvi>t 11, 1853.
The House met. at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The question befure the
House is the motion to commit House bill No.
146, to regulate the fees of clerks, marshals, and
attorneys in the circuit and district courts of the
United States to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, the near
approach of the termination of this session of
Congress, and the great amount of important
business yet remaining for the action of this
House, admonish me to l>e very brief. I promise
to occupy but a very few minutes of time this
morning. Nor shall I linger for a moment upon
the threshold, but wiil endeavor to enter at once
upon the merits of this subject.
The measure proposed is one of retrenchment
and reform; and whilst gentlemen upon this floor
almost unanimously see the necessity for the action
which the Committee on the Judiciary propose to
have, although gentlemen all yield their assent to
the demands of the country for some such meas-
ure, yet we find here, and we find there, objections
urged against it-, and ultimately every member
opposed to the bill is willing to submit a motion
that it be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, indicating at
the same time that their intention is not to defeat
the measure, but that they send it there for the
purpose of emendation ana improvement.
I hope this motion will not prevail. Measures
to draw millions from the public Treasury pass
this Congress with but faint and feeble opposition;
but, sir, when a measure intended to guard the
public treasure, arid protect the rights of the
people, is introduced, gentlemen professing to ap-
prove the schemp with seeming kindness move to
refer it to a committee where it rests forever.
It is well known that if this measure goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it goes there once and forever. You commit it to
the tomb of the Capulets, " to sleep the last sleep,
that knows no waking." Sir, the loving kindness
of such gentlemen is death to the proposition, and
they know it. I ask this House, then, not to
be led away by arguments such as these, because
those who oppose the bill, «aying that the fees and
emoluments nre too high, and those who say that
they are too low, as well as those who allege that
the measure in itself is correct, but think there
ought to be some slight and trifling amendments,
whatever means they adopt to serve their pur-
poses, they all arrive at the same end, and that is
the ultimate defeat of this measure.
it is estimated by the Department that the enact-
ment of this bill into a law, will save to the public
Treasury at least $150,000 per annum; and while
tins saving is made to the public Treasury, it will
save at least double that sum, which is now an-
nually extracted from the pockets of those w hose
faults or misfortunes carry them into courts of
justice.
Let us for a moment examine the reasons why
these gentlemen ask for a reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentlemen from New York [Messrs. Hayen
and SkymofkI tell us that this bill would be all
right, provided it allowed the taxation of costs in
the Feder.d courts of the citv of New York, accord-
ing to the existing laws of the State of New York.
In other words, they tell us it is all right if we
recnact the law us it now stands, recnact the law
as it is this day, and allow the officers of the courts
of justice in the city and State of New York, to
practice the same impositions upon the Govern-
ment and upon the people that they are practicing
now.
The one hundred and sixty-seventh paragraph
of the 'ipprop*'iniion act of 1842, limits the fees to
be lecetved by the marshals, district atfornevs, and
clerks in the Fedend courts of the State of New
York, in oil cases to the fees allowed by the laws
of that State to sheriff?, clerks, and district attor-
neys of the State. And yet, I undertake to assert,
■without the fear of succevssful contradiction, that
since th* passage of the statute of New York, re-
dm'rigabd regulating costs and fees in the yeoi
1848, there never has been one account certified
and allowed against the United States under the
provisions of that law. Where is the use of re-
en. ictmg what is now the law, when we have
abundant evidence before us that the law, a3 it
exists, never has been,and never will he executed?
Such legislation would be preposterous and idle.
The gentleman from the southern district of
New Yoi k [Mr.SEYMoun] has informed the House
that thr're is jv> '''implaint upon the part of the
people in the State r,c New York about the sys-
tem of the taxation of costs. Sir, he has looked
at but one side of this question. I have in my
possession a letter from one of the most eminent
