1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
tion of an)' foreign power, in relation to its domestic policy,
but as a membei oi i>>c groat tanaly oi nations, desnou-? of
cnitiv,itni<r m the hearts oi aovermnunts a care for the hap-
jhiio-. of individuals, a i-olwitude for their impioveiuent,
and a i-yinp.tthy lot tii<-ir sufterings, we wi-sh to express m
this lorm our pamiul sen'-c of the condition of the individ-
uals in question, and *uk such te-peet tor our application
as may comport with the dignity and pohev of Great Biit-
ain, and tile humane and liberal sentiment of the age,, be-
lievma; that the advancement of civilization and chiibtian
morality ha-5 induced an international sympathy which we
feci ftillv justifies such a pioeedure on our pait,
Kcsolicd, That the strength of the Brm-h Empire and
the proent tranquillity of Ireland, forbid the idea that these
political offenders cannot be set at hboity with satety to
the Government, and that when the public security or "the
refonnation ol' the sufj'etei is not the puipose or the appa-
rent tendency oi punishment, but the ) ♦•flection of terroi
and the gmtiilcation of resentment, it only tend* to exas-
perate its victims, coirupt its authors, and deaden the moial
tense of the community which it affects.
Resolved, That Che exereisc of this> act of clemency and
meiey on the part of the Bittifh Government, m obedience
to the reqne^ of America, would tend to efface the a>penty
which became int -i woven with the euilv hi-torj' of the
Republic, and c-tabh<li nmie plainly the relations of amity
and peace, which now so happily'exist between the two
Government*.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing preamble and res-
olutions he forwarded by the pre-ident of this meeting to
the President ol the United States, the Pre-ulenlol the Uni-
ted States Senate, and each of our ^enatnts in that body,
and the Speaker ofth^ House of Representatives, and each
of our Representative-, m that body.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to detain the
Senate but a moment; but I rise to express my
cordial approbation arid assent to every word
winch has so eloquently fallen from the lips of
the honorable Senator from Michigan. It is
rarely that I allow myself to throw a considera-
tion personal to myself upon this body, or upon
any body which i have the honor to address;
but upon this occasion I hope the Senafe wili in-
dulge me for a moment, if I suggest a single fact
that may excuse somewhat the warmth which I
feel on this subject.
Sir, my mother, many years dead, was the only
child of an Irish exile. His name was O'Brien.
And I should feel, if in this place, or m any place,
whenever and wherever a word of sympathy is
to be expressed for an Irish exile and an O'Brien,
that I should be false to every pulsation of my
heart, to every drop of blood that flows in these
veins, and to that which no man can be false to,
the memory of a deceased mother, if I did not ex-
press it. No, sir;let whatever consequences, per-
sonal or political, stand m the way, so long as the
blood of my mother flows in my veins, and so
long as I remember who I am, and what I am,
whate\er woids of sympathy, of counselor of
encouragement, an Irish exile can have, that he
shall have from me.
These are the reasons and the motives which
impel me, and they are powerful beyond and over
everything else. 1 confess that if 1 have an im-
pulse and a passion, which is reckless and uncal-
culatmg as to consequences, it is when an appeal
is made to my heart for an Irish exile, mme par-
ticularly and emphatically when that exile is an
O'Brien. Sir, 1 go with the honorable Senator
from Michigan—I e;n for this movement with all
my heart; and I yield to the truth of nnother dec-
laration of the honorable Senator and that is, that
the heart of the Irishman is with the oppressed.
I do not want to give that a technical, local, or
fanatical meaning. It is true there is an old max-
im of the common law, that "corporations have
no souls;'' and hence it is inferred, that having no
souls they lia^e no sympathies, no affections, and
no hearts. It may have been true, but I trust
that this great corporation of States and commu-
nities may come forward and demonstrate to-day
that that exploded idea of the common law is not
true as relates to this great corporation of munici-
palities and States: and that we shall demonstrate
that we have souls and hearts that can feel.
If, from motives of State policy, the President
of the United States shall decline to interfere, it
will be none the less true that the lesolution of the
American Senate has been spoken, and that it has
spoken and echoed and iccohoed the sentiments
of the great American people, and that will carry
with it all the moral force that it is entitled to.
So far as that is concerned—the moral force that
is to be attached to the declaration of the senti- ,
ments of the American Senate—with all respect
to the President of the United States, I tell him it
is of very little consequence whether his name is !
affixed to it or not. The resolution will ha\ e been ;
entertained, the Senate will have spoken, and
whether the British Government shall lend a re- ;
I sponsive ear to the interposition which we propose
; to make or not, it will have its moral effect, and it :
! will reach and cheer the hearts of these victims of ■
oppression in their lonely and desolate place of,
, exile. Sir, it will do that if it does nothing else; I
! and it will teach another lession—it will teach the j
I oppressed the world over that the nations of (he |
| earth have exploded and are exploding the notions i
that corporations, great and small, have no souls, |
: and that they have learned that the men of which j
they are composed have souls, and have hearts, \
and that they do not forget the promptings which ;
spring from those heaits; that they assume the i
responsibilities which belong to them as Setiatois. I
Having said thus much I leave the subject, with
the earnest hope that the Senate will consent to
act favorably in relation to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I would like to say a single
word in connection with this subject.
The PRESIDENT. There is no question be-
i fore the Senate, but by unanimous consent the
, Senator can proceed.
Mr. BUTLER. There are many reasons
; which would induce me to take an active part for
, the release and pardon of these patriots who have
I been made so much the subject of eloquent eulogy.
1 Permit me to say, however, that if the object of
I gentlemen be to procure the release and pardon of
j John Mitchell and YVm. Smith O'Brien, 1 believe
i they are taking the vei y worst eouisc that could
! be suggested to accomplish the object. If a prop-
| er application were to be made to the British
Queen, by an appeal to the British Minister, or
1 in some other mode that would be likely to be ac- :
, ceptable, as an appeal to her clemency, perhaps :
1 the object might be attained. But if m applying j
I for the pardon of these patriots, you use the Ian- !
: guage ofrepioach to the British Government, you ;
| might as well expect to release a victim with his j
hand m the wolf's mouth, by irritating the wolf, i
If you expect to attain the object contemplated— j
and I am sincerely disposed to take eveiy reason- j
able measure to effect it—it is nut to be done by I
reproaching the British Go\ernment. |
There are many considerations which would m- j
duee me to take a special interest m the fate of'
these gentlemen, pat ticularly m the fate of one of 1
them. I allude to Mr. Aim hell. I have thought '
. that something might bedone, but not m tins way :
I —not by making it a subject of political discns-
1 sion—(by that course we might cheer the Irish
■ and rouse them, and obtain their applause and
i suppoit, for ought 1 know, but we shall not sub-
! serve the end contemplated of procuring the par-
| don and release of these prisoners)—for, by that
j course, we shall defeat the very object m view,
j Why, do you suppose that you can approach the
! British Government and tell them that this is our
I opinion, and that U must yield to the demonstra-
tions of public feeling m America, upon the sub- i
ject of their government5 I will answer for it, ■
that John Bull has resentment enough to hurl back
upon you any such attempt to influence bis policy |
by a legislate e demonstration of this kind. No, ,
sir; it is a false step—permit me so to say. I am ,
willing to vote for any resolution in favor of these
patuots, who have been banished from their coun-
try because they loved it; and who were willing
to run the hazard of measures of redress for
wrongs, which they supposed, at least, they were
suffeimg under. Suiely something must be par-
doned to the spirit of liberty, under which they
acted. My sympathies are with them. But to
make my views effective, 1 am not going to take
a step of this kind, which 1 know most result m
failure. If we are to do tilings of this kind, when-
ever we may think it convenient, in relation to
foreign Governments, we may involve om>el\ es m
the predicament of making a demonstration when
we cannot back it by any legislative act whatever.
I am not willing to see the American Senate or :
the American Government place itself in the situa-
tion which it cannot maintain. If you intend to
take tins position for the purpose of procuring the ■
pardon of these exiles, you are not to do it by
menaces and reproaches; you are not to do it by
mere vam declarations, that the institutions of
Gieat Britain aie rotten, and that we intend to ;
correct them by our intei fei em e, and lescue Ire-
land. The object will not be attained by declara-
tions of this kind.
I would to God I could tyke some step for the
release of John Mitchell and Smith O'Brien. I 1
will not state all that I have done m relation to this *
matter; but I have been perfectly willing to join
with others to approach the British Government
m &uch away as to procure their pardon. 1 be-
lieve it might have been done, or that something
might have been done towards it; but 1 cannot
countenance a proceeding of this kind, which 1
think must result in utter failure.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 do not mean to speak on this
subject at present; but I do wish to say to my friend
from South Carolina that I feel there is great force
m the remarks he has made this morning. I feel
that the object cannot be accomplished by an at-
tack upon the British Government. My object in
rising at this time was to ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which is now on the table, in re-
gard to this subject, m order that some future day
may be assigned for its consideration, I leave
that day at the di&crclion of the Senate; hut I
wish the resolution to be taken up at as early a
day as possible. When it shall be taken up I
■ wish to say a few words on this subject. I would
state that 1 wish the resolution to be taken up for
, the purpose of offering an amendment so as to
avoid making it a diplomatic measure. My ob-
ject is so to modify the resolution <is to avoi'd the
possibility of a repulse on the part of the English
; Government. I .should be very sorry to see this
1 Government make an application, officially, to the
1 British Government, which that Government
: would be authorized to tieat with contempt. As
a citizen of tins country, 1 should be one of the
last to seek to place this Government in that con-
dition. My object, therefore, is to put the resolu-
tion into such a form as that, while, indirectly, it
will accomplish the object, as I trust it will, we
shall at the same time preserve the dignity of this
Government undei all circumstances, and give no
earthly or reasonable cause of offence -whatever to
the British Government. When the resolution
shall be called up at some future day> I hope
to be able to put it into that shape; or if I should
not be able to accomplish it, 1 hope the honoiable
Senator from Michigan, who has already made the
suggestion, and other Senators more experienced
than 1 am, will aid me in the accomplishment of
that end.
Mr CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
that he had better lay his amendment on the ta-
ble, and let it be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS. i would like to have as early
a day as possible fixed for the consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. BADGER. Why not to-morrow?
Mr. SHIELDS, (aftei consultation with several
' Senators.) I will say Monday, as I believe there
is no special business before the Senate for that
day. In accordance with a suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I will not call up the resolu-
tion until to-morrow; and I will prepare my
amendment in the mean time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that,
inasmuch as theie is no question hetoie the Sen-
ate, and as the lesolution to which the Senator
from Illinois refers is on the table, this dmcussion
is altogether out of order. It has only been tol-
erated by unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to remind the
Chair that there is as much a subject of discussion
now before the Senate as there was when theSen-
ator from Michigan made his speech.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair js aware of
that; but he did not know, until the resolutions
were handed up by the Senator from Michigan,
what that Senator was about to bring before the
Senate.
Air. CASS. I held the resolutions in my hand
while I was speaking.
Mr. BADGER. 1 believe that, under the rules,
no Senator can make a speech unless there is some
subject before the Senate. There must either be
a motion pending", or he must make a motion be-
fore he can make a speech.
The PRESIDEjNT. The Chair did not know,
until he saw the resolutions presented by the Sen-
ator from Mi'-hignn, mv hcther there was any sub-
ject properly before the Senate.
The resolutions were laid upon the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND HEPKRRED.
On motion by Mr. SOULE, it was
Qidcial. That tin an tnoi i d of the coipoutte PnthoriUos
of SliK'\ej>oit, Luni-iiMia, on lh<- file- <>t ihe rit-'tiafe, rela-
ting to a Mamie U"-pu.il at that pliKC;, be leSeiiod to the
Committee on Cotmiieice.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
