1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Various petitions having been presented, Mr.
Mallort renewed his motion.
• MK SHIELDS. I hopethe honorable Senator
from Ffot;ida"wiil postpone it for a few moments,
in archer- toJaIlo\v us to get through with the morn-
ing business.
M'r. LLORY. Thehou-r of one is approach-
ing, and at thattime,the special order of the day
will come up. ' The joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered to-day,.if- it is not n.ow taken up. As I
before stated, the Senator fr-oin New Jersey is
ready to proceed, and I hope the Senate will give
him an opportunity.
- The mouorvwas agreed to.
The Senate accordingly resumed, as m Commit-^
tee of the Whole, the consideration of the joint
resolution authorizing the completion of a war
steamer for harbof defense.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, when the
chairman of the Naval Committee announced to
the-Senale his intention to call up the resolution
now under consideration, he stated that the Sena-
tor from New Jersey—myself—felt great interest
in thesubjept. It is quite true; I do feel'great, very
great interest, in the success of this resolution, and
1 have no doubt that the result will show that I am
not the only Senator who feels deeply interested
in the prosperity and safety of New York -city. I
am .interested, principally, because I am of opin-
iop that the defenses of that city require the imme-
diate attention of Congress, and partly because
dnev of my constituents—a gentleman of reputation
and usefulness—hasbeen,m my opinion, unfairly,
ungenerously, unjustly treated by the Government.
I do not mean by the present administration of the
Navy, because I understand that this whole mat-
ter was, by his remarkable predecessor, placed
beyond his control.
Thej-e was a report made by the Naval Commit-
tee, at the time this resolution was fust presented
to the Senate. I ask that it may now be read. It
will probably relieve me from the disagreeable duty
ofsaying anything further as to the conduct of the
late Administration:
The Committee on Naval AfTaiis, to whom was refeired so
much of the Pietideiit's mes«n<ze and accompaming doc-
uments as relates to naval afthirs, having had under con-
sideration that part of the repoit of the Secretary of the
>Navy which refers to the, coii&nuction of a war-steamer
Ivy Robert L. Stevens, report:
That on January 10, 1812, the Boaid of Commissioners
of the Navy recommended Mr. Stevens'? plan for a steamer,
to be liall and bomb pi oof, to the conpideiaiion of the Sec-
retory of the Navy. Shortly afterwards Mr, Stevens sub-
mitted to Congiess a printed copy ot his* plan. The Cham-
ber of .Commerce' of New York, on the (5th of Febiunry,
J845, recommended to Congress the plan of MV. Stevens.
A joint board of officers of the Army and Navy, to wit:
Colonels Totten, Thayer, Taleott, and Captain linger.
Commodore* Stewar: and J'enj, Captain Stnnyham, and
Lieutenant Newman, appointed tor that purpose, convened
in New York the 8tli ot July. 1841, to witnos, superintend,
and report upon Mr. titevensV experiments with a bomb
and ball proof target, suited to the Mdcsot a vessel. The
evpeiiiuents wei<  made in then* pioence, and a report of
the board submitted to the Department m tavorof Mr. Stev-
en^s proposed plan ot eoiMiuction.
On the 14th of Apul, 164 i, Congress parsed an act au-
thpnzing'lhe Secretary of the Navy to contract with Mr.
Stevens fo  a war steamei, shot and ball proof, to be con-
structed principally of mm, upon the plan ot Mr. Stevens,
not to co- t more than .the avenge ot the steanieis Missoui i
and Mississippi} and appiopnated .>250,000 for the purpose.
On the 10th of Feb.uaiy, 1643, Mi. Stoven« entered into
contiact with Mr. Upshm, iSeeteiaiv ot the Navy, to build
a war-steamer, u to be ^liot and ball' pi oof against the artil-
lery now m u-^e on board ves*el'. of w-ir."
In order to launch a vessel of the si/,<; and de^ciiption of
the one contracted foi, Mi. Sinvens ibnnd it nectary to
excavate, and ercct at his own, and an enormous expense, a
dry dock of capacity sufficient to build her in and float her
out. Tin#, of course, involved the necessity of delav iri her
coifstiuction; though while em n«red in making the dry-
dock, lie was aKo assiduously engaged in piocunng the
materials,faslxiomnp the patterns, and organizing the pie-
limmary details lor ajn undertaking of &ucl> magnitude and
importance.
In December, 1843, Mr. Ilenshaw, who succeeded Mr.
Upshur as Sec*etar> of the Navy, declined making The ne-
cessary payments for materials, In November following, a
second contract, very full, minute, a^d particular, was
made with Mr. Stevens, which was followed by a supple-
mental contract with John Y M^on, Seen-taiy, in .Decem-
ber, lb-14, and which provided for the pavments on account
of the contract. Mr. Stevens then prosecuted with vigor
the per bun.mce of duties; and while so engaged,'on
the 9th of December, 1845, was again arrested in the exe-
cution of Ins contiact, by an order from Mr. Bancroit, stop-
ping all luither pioeeeding^ under the contract, and leius-
ing fuither payments until the plan for the steamer wa->
furnished. Yet, at tins veij time, the Department was in
possesion of the plan of Mi Stevens, furnished when the
original contiact was fii-^t made, and a further statement of
his plan furnished in November, 1844. Thus a second time
was he stopped in his work, his health being seriously
impaired, he was ordered to Europe by his physician.
In Januaiy, 1847. Mr. Stevens applied to Mi. Mason, then
Seetetary, tor an extension ot time m which to complete
the steainei, and satisfactorily accounted tor the causes of
whatevei delay had'been suftcied. Alter more than eigh-
teen mouthy an additional contiact was made, reciting the
foiuier, and extending the time of completion to lour yeats
fiotu the date of the last, iiy these several contracts, the
most minute details of the work-were given, tmd the com-
plete security for the execution of the project, and every
pioper sateguaid, was provided against loss by the United
States.
Hardly a veai, however, was permitted to elapse, when,
in Aeguot, 184'Jj Mr. Secretary Preston refused to make
any further payments to Mr. Stevens on account, and the
work was again stopped. Mr. Stevens was then in Eu-
rope, engaged m obtaining better materials tor some poitions
ot the steamer tiian could be obtained in this country.
Contracts were made bv him in Europe lor Mich materials.
Alter which he immediately ictuined home, and mged the
Secretary to pcimit him to-proceed according to contiact.
Mr. Preston, however, declined taking any other step than
to reier tiie matter to Congresj.
Whatever delay took place in the performance of this
contract, wa- ifidi-penpublo to its iaitblul and successful
execution. The necessity lor tlie-e delays was not, it is
believed, properly appreciated by the Navy Depaitment.
The experiments necessary to test the quality ot ihe ma-
tenalSj and demonstrate the details ot the plan, involved the
consumption ot much time. The experiments necessaiy
to establish and improve the chaiacter of the propeller
which was finally adopted, also requited much lime. Even
from tins delay the Government derived the advantage of
availing Usch of this propeller, m the construction ot the
Princeton, which was thus pioved to be supeuor to any
oilier ti^n in use, or indeed since adopted. Workshops,
together with a steamboat, weie requned to be built lor
tho e experiments. AUo a large dry-dock was constructed,
Willi a steam-engine, punching and dulling machines, tools,
See., and large pumps, which have kept the dock fiee from
watei evei Muce ib completion, at very great expense. One
third ol thediy-doek within which the Government iron
steamer was to have been built, was excavated trom solid
lock. All this consumed and required unremitting personal
exeitiou and supervision, and laige expenditures ot money,
lor which no ieinuiieration has been made. But all delay
was satisfactorily explained before the bevel nl renewals of
the contract, at each period of such renewal.
When the contiactor was first airented, by Mr. Secretary
Bancroft, he was in advance, and liable for materials—
principally lor heavy plates of lioir horn Pennsylvania,
about -^411,0 -0, which was subsequently paid to hnn. lie
is now in advance about $.30,uou, aMo lor heavy plates and
tubes foi the boiler, Ste., tiom England. Yet the Govern-
ment now piopo5e& to sell his property to rennbuise itself
for previous payments on his contiact, for non peiforinance
ot the same, pcilorinance of which has been pievented by
the action of the Government itself.
On the 21st January, 1851, Commodore Skinner ad-
dressed Mr. Stevens, and intouned hnn that the Navy De-
partment, conoidenng the contract void, designed to sell,
shoitly, the mateimU collected by bun for the purpose of
executing it according to Ins several agreements.
To turn up the whole subject, it appears that Congress,
by the act of 14th of April, li>42, directed a Secretary of the
Navy to make a contract with llobeit L. Stevens lor a war-
steamer, and appropuated a specific amount of money
towaids iheeonstiuciion proposed. The contiact wa-  exe-
cuted. Mi Steven*, in good faith, pioceeded to perforin all
Ins obligations. The contract was altervvards made more
specific, its minutest details enumerated, and the time for
ltd completion extended by a succeeding Sucrotarv. The
amplest *eemity foi its laiihlul execution was requued and
given. Officers of the United States were appointed to
siipeiintend the receipt of material's provided, and pay-
ment-* for such materials were made by the Govei nment
ft inn tune to time. A subsequent Secietaiyof the Navy,
without any pieviou* notice to the contractor, suddenly sus- j j
punded the execution of the contract, and refused the pay- 11
nionH Ntipufaied therein to be marie; leaving the contractor j
bound to pav laiire sums tor the inatenals lor winch he had
conhacted in the pro-ecution of Ins woik. Another Sec-
retaiy tenewed the contract, and extended the time loi its jj
execution. The contiactor again vtgotousjy and actively li
applied himself to the execution ot his contiact. While ji
thus iudu-.tiioii*.|> employed, anothei Secietaty again ai- ,!
rested hi< work, and finally suspended all pay meiiH, and 'I
referred the subject to Congress. The pieseut Seeietary \
consnlcia himself bound by the acts ol his piedeces-or, 1;
and treats the contiact as at an end, and Congie^ having h
omitted to act on the subject, has given notice to Mr. Stcv- j i
en^, undei the power to sell, contained in the mortgages j;
executed bv the contractor, that the materials collected by ;J
hnn will fie sold tor the benefit of the Government.
It is, theietore, apparent that, without some legislative
action by Congress, the contractoi, who is willing and de-
snonhof fulfilling his engagements m good faith, entered
into by the /hi pctinn and under the nuthoi ity of Congress,
will, by Executive interposition, be subjected (against
right, a< your committee believe) to very heavy and unjust
l0-5.es, while the Government will lose the advantages to be
derived tiom the genius, skill, and science of one ol the
most accomplished naval aicluteets in the counti\,in the
constiuction < t that vuiv sort of vvar- teamer which the
service requires.
Your committee, therefore, on full consideiation of the
whole subject, recommend the adoption ot the following
jouit resolution:
ilesoived, by tke Senate and House of RejYrcsentatives in
Congress /useinbteif, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and "he n hereby, authonzed and leqtnred to have cory- i
pleted, without any unnecessary delay, the war steamei '
contracted for with Robcit L Stevein, m pursuance of an '
act of Congress passed April 1-4,184v2. ]
Mr. President, I should have felt disposed to '
leave this report, and the unanimous recommend- 1
anon of the Committee on Naval Affairs, without
a word of comment, to the Senate, if I had not !
been asked to make some explanation, and if the
impoitAtiee of the subject of which it treats, at the
present juncture of time, did not seem to require
from me some few remarks. Considering the
relation which the city of iVew York beais to this
Government, and to the whole countiy, the com- "
mittee are of opinion that every reasonable prep-
aration for her defense in time of war, with*a
maritime Power, ought to be adopted.
I will not dilate on the importance, in a military
or naval point of view, of that harbor. Its great
importance must be obvious to all minds, who
have given the subject of 'national defense any con-
sideration. But 1 must say, that while thus im-
portant, it is the most exposed, perhaps, of any
other important city of the first class on the sea-
board. Sir, our defenses require immediate atten-
tion. The si^ns of the times are premonitory of
war and revolution. Almost every arrival from
Europe informs us of warlike preparation by the
great Powers of that continent. Upon the throne
of Fiance—I say throne, for in fact Louis .Napo-
leon is monarch, and supreme arbiter of the des-
tinies of France, as much as Napoleon the Great
was in his zenith—upon the throne of France now
sits a man, whom the necessities of his position
seem to compel to a rivalry of his renowned kins-
man and predecessor. If we examine the history
of Europe, we will find that sraee the time of
Charlemagne, whenever France was under the
control of a bold, restless, ambitious, or unscru-
pulous monarch, she was invariably engaged in
long and bloody wars with her neighbors.
In addition to the national propensity to inter-
fere with the affahs of her neighbors, which mod-
ern history shows is the characteristic of the
French, as we were eloquently told the other day
in the able and instructive speech of the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] they have, as they
believe, wrongs to avenge, and dishonor to wipe
away. France was never more powerful than she
is now. Near thirty years have enabled her to
recruit the wars of the Emperor; and for twenty
years past, she has assiduously exerted all her
resources to regain that military efficiency, which
has always given her a commanding ascendency
in the affairs of the world. She has regained it.
She is at present the cause ofdisquietudeand alarm
to all the contiguous powers* She stands in the
panoply and attitude of defiance; and no one can
say how soon, or where, she will not pour her
mighty armies.
Eut all will agree that no great European war
can take place without endangering our peaceful
relations with one or.other of the belligerents. We
are admonished, therefore, not to neglect those
preparatory defenses which, in war, would be in-
dispensable for the protection of our sea-board.
We had some severe lessons on this subject dur-
ing the late war with Great Britain, and it would,
be the height of fatuity if another war should find
us no better prepared foritthan we now are.
And yet, sir, I am not exaggerating; when I say
that we are nt this present time quite as defense-
less; our cities and harbors are quite as much ex-
posed to hostile inclusions, as they were m 1812.
They have grown, in wealth and population,
quadruple what they were then; but when we con-
sider the increased facilities for attacks which for-
eign naval Powers possess, we shall find that, not-
Withstandingyourforts, yourmost important posts
are as vulnerable now as they were in 1812.
Whilst the engines and implements of war have
been, of late years, vastly augmented for offensive
operations, those for harbordefense have not been
correspondingly increased by us. A hostile squad-
ron is no longer dependent on the fickle winds for
an opportunity to approach your shores, or enter
your harbors. They can hover, at their own cho-
sen distance, on your coast, distracting and alarm-
ing the whole sea-board, and pounce, with celerity
and precision, under cover of night, upon the de-
voted place which they doom to destruction.
Steam-ships of great power.and speed have been
constructed, infinitely more formidable than any-
thing which we had to encounter in 1812. Your
forts have not been increased or strengthened in
proportion to the increase of power with which
other nations have fortified themselves.
There has always been great doubts entertained,
by the most scientific and experienced men, as to
the ability of the best constructed forts to prevent
sailing vessels, with a leading breeze, from passing
them; and there seems to be little or no doubt that
