2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
lawyers in New York, from one who stands
amongst the very foremost at the bar of the city
of New York—a man no more distinguished for
his legal ability than he is for the probity of his
character—I mean (and I am authorized to use
his name) Daniel Lord. He has sent me a tran-
script, which I hold in my hand. I desire gen-
tlemen to look at it. It is the case of Joshua
Crosby vs. Moses H. Gfrinnell & Co., in the dis-
trict court of the city of New York in March last.
The record is a short one; there it is, [holding- it
up.] The decree is for $36. And the costs are
only $340 88! Here, too, is the attorney's billm
this case, covering eight pages of foolscap, em-
bracing-nearly three hundred items of costs, and
amounting to $241 88. Out of the &340 88 taxed
and allowed in this case, the attorney of the suc-
cessful party receives §241 88. This is a case
between private parties of costs taxed under the
fee bill of the State statute of 1848. And this is
the system that gentlemen from New York ask us
to adhere to. Sir, Mr. Lord thinks this is wrong,
and I, with every other member of the Judiciary
Committee, fully concur with him in opinion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire of thegentleman from Pennsylvania whether
the proceeding to which he alludes is a common-
law proceeding, or an admiralty proceeding?
Mr. McLANAHAN. It is a proceeding on
the admiralty side of the court, and there is the
record; any member of this House could copy it
in thirty minutes. The recovery was $36, and
the costs were $340 88!
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to say, as the gen-
tleman has alluded to me, although [ do not reside
in the southern district of New York, that the
amendment which I proposed, and which I should
have been happy to have discussed at greater
length, proposed to leave the costs of suits m ad-
miralty and under maritime jurisdiction, and all
suits where the United States are a party, to the
operation of the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; for it is such suns, and such
only, that the abuses stated by the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania have been felt under the present law.
My amendment pioposes only to exempt from the
operation of the bill before the House all other civil
suits between individual citizens. In such cases
the costs are regulated by the laws of the several
States, according to the practice prevailing in each,
and they should continue to be so regulated.
Mr. McLANAHAN. W"hy, sir, if you ex-
empt the State of New York in any part or parcel,
you destroy the whole influence and operation of
the bill. What is it, sir' It is a measure that
proposes to equalize the costs in the courts of jus-
tice throughout the United States. It is a propo-
sition that would enable the gentleman from Geor-
gia to goto the State of New York to try his cause
there, conscious at the moment when he left home
that the taxation of costs for services rendered in
the Siate of New York would be no more than he
paid m Georgia for the same services in the Federal
courts. That will be the operation of this bill, if
it becomes a law.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to call the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLana-
hanJ to one point. He says this bill establishes
an uniform system throughout the United States.
If he will look at this bill, on page nine, from the
one hundred and eighty-second to the one hun-
dred and ninetieth lines, he will find that the bill
adopts a rule to give to marshals for serving a
writ of possession, partition, execution, or final
process; for seizing or levying on property; ad-
vertising and disposing of the same by sale, set-
off, or otherwise, &c., the same fees and pound-
age as are or shall be allowed for similar services
to the sheriffs of the several States respectively in
which the service may be made. This abandons
the dead-level rule contended for, and in some cases,
as in Maryland, where there are different rules of
compensation to sheriffs in different counties, and
will make it rather inconvenient and somewhat
perplexing.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I can answer that be-
fore the proposition is stated. No man who un-
derstands the judiciarysystem of the United States,
and the principles upon which it proceeds, but
must know that all the executive processes of the
United States courts are executed according to the
laws of the several States in which the process
issues. There can be no other system adopted in
regard to the executory process, and that will be
manifest to my friend from New York, if he gives
the subject the least attention. And this brings
me to answer another objection from the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Seymour.] He says
it is impossible to propose any rational system for
the uniform taxation of costs m the United States
courts, because the process is different in the dif-
ferent courts of the several States.
This bill proposes item fees for every item that
should be taxed for either original or mesne pro-
cess, and it proposes that where records are made,
orders or decrees drawn, or certificates given, a
folio compensation of fifteen cents for every hun-
dred words, and of ten cents for every hundred
words for a copy.
Here, sir, is a uniform system that will work,
that can work, and that must work, if this bill is
adopted, throughout the whole United States—a
system at once just, equal, equitable, and econom-
ical.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. McLANAHAN. lam pressed for want
of time. I will endeavor to answer fairly and in-
genuously all the arguments which I have heard
upon this subject, and do it very briefly.
Well, sir, I pass from the gentleman from New
York, with this single observation, that his State
is the breeding sore of all these evils, and I am
disposed to send the knife into the very bottom of
that sore. Take out the State of New York from
the operation of the bill, and I would prefer the
bill to fall. Let us have a remedy that will be as
universal in its character as the evil, or none at all.
Now, sir, the gentleman from the State of Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] objected, in veiy strong terms,
to some of the provisions of this bill. He objects
to the introduction of a common-law principle into
criminal proceedings, by which there will be a
consolidation of different counts in one indictment
of all crimes of the same grade or class which,
under the direction of the court, may be properly
joined. Why, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Mann] came to our aid on
yesterday, and mentioned a most startling case—
a case that of itself should put to rest forever this
objection. Allow me, sir, to read it:
" Mr. Mann mkI : >Ir. Speaker, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia speaks of #400 or $500, as an enormous charge. In
the course of my piactico within a fewyeais I know u
ca^e win'te three men were indicted fo: the commission of
a single ortensr, and the district attorney who had charge of ;
the case—tliotiL'h all the offerees could have been embraced
in a single indictment, and .should have been so embraced
—made tlnee handled and that} five indictments, and
ohaiged ^'lU tor each, thus making .$3,350 loi what should
have been u single case."
The gentleman seems to be alarmed at the sound
of the word consolidation. The bill proposes to
bring into the same indictment, in different counts,
offenses of a similar grade and character. That
woid consolidation, indicates to him that there is
to be a consolidation of the Federal Government.
The word consolidation has no such terrors for
me. But the gentleman who comes from the dis-
trict where they have robbed the United States
j mail, the western district of Virginia, objects be- j
1 cause only two or three hundred attachments have
j been issued in that court for the non-attending of ,
I witnesses. There were thirteen indictments drawn :
j up in that case, m the western district of Virginia, ■
I against a man who robbed the United States mail,
I when thirteen counts in the same indictment would ;
have covered the whole case, and answered every
purpose. The gentleman objects to it, because,
to his mind, it is subversive of the whole judiciary 1
system, because it brings to light an abuse m the ;
district he has the honor to represent upon this 1
floor, and because, forsooth, it militates against ,
what might be the spirit and meaning of the reso-
lutions of '98.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman permit ■
me to correct a misrepresentation he has made? ;
Mr. McLANAHAN. I yield to the gentleman !
to make the correction. If I have made a misrep- j
resentation, it has been unconsciously. ,
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman says that I '•
oppose this bill because it brings to light an abuse 1
m the western district of Virginia. Such a state- ;
mentis wholly unfounded. I opposed it for no i
such reason. I have said nothing which can war- j
rant such a declaration as that just made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. On the contrary, |
I have uniformly said, that where abuses existed, !
they ought to be corrected. I have insisted that j
this bill would not correct the evil of which he
complains, but in its operation would multiply
evils; that it could not result otherwise than most
mischievously. Sir, I have never been the advo-
cate of abuses in any department of the Govern-
ment, nor will I sit still and hear myself thus mis-
represented.
Mr. McLANAHAN. That is a wild allega-
tion. It is wide of the mark. What does it
mean? He is opposed to a section because other
parts of the bill will work injuriously. He tells us
that he is not opposed to the bill because in this
discussion the abuse of the process of the court in
his own district has been made manifest by the
report of the Judiciary Committee. Well, sir, be
it so. The gentleman does not sanction abuses,
but places his opposition on othei grounds. L am
at a loss to determine what they are.
The gentleman from Virginia knew that all these
very witnesses were brought into court, discharged,
and no fines inflicted, but the Government of the
United States had to pay for their contumacious
conduct. And more than this, sir, not only at-
tachments issued against each of the witnesses in
one case, but attachments issued against each of
the witnesses in every case. How the gentleman
can reconcile such proceedings to his own sense of
propriety, I cannot understand.
Gentlemen talk about a section of this bill con-
solidating such suits, and tell us that it is opposed
to the spirit of the Constitution, and against the
genius of our institutions. Why, sir, the argu-
ment—not to be offensive—is preposterous. The
good sense of this House will at once brush such
flimsy cobwebs away from the subject,and bestow
upon it what it deserves—a practical consideration.
My fiiend from the northern district of New
York, [Mr. Haven,] tells us that this bill will rum
the navigation and commerce upon the lakes. I
have seen letters from the clerk of that district, in
which he states that we cannot get men who will
fill the office of clerk, because the fees are so much
reduced. There is, then, an issue between that
gentleman and his constituent.
Mr. HAVEN. I would inquire whether the
gentleman does not allude to the clerk who taxed
in the case of the Ogoutz?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I cannot tell. I sup-
pose the gentleman [Mr. Seymour] who repre-
sents another district of New York, and who is
opposed to the provisions of this bill, might, with
the same degree of propriety, argue that it would
injure the commerce and navigation of the Hud-
son river, for the improvement of which the gen-
tleman's eloquence obtained an appropriation of
$50,000. No, sir; the bill will do no such thing.
These objections are far-fetched and so futile that
their very statement against this measure should
impart to it additional vigor. The commerce and
navigation of the State of New Yoi k, whether on
the lakes or on the river, cannot fail to ilounsh
whether the bill passes or is defeated. Let the
gentlemen quiet their fears on that score.
It has been objected that this bill takes away
from the judges the power of certifying and allow-
ing bills of costs. It does so in every ease in
which the United States are concerned, but in re-
gard to the taxation of costs between parties, it
leaves their taxation to the court. { had occasion
to observe a few days ago, in opening this discus-
sion, that in cases in which the United States was
a party, the marshal shall, by viilue of one para-
graph m the proposed bill, on the order of the
court, pay the jurors and witnesses such fees as
they may be entitled to by law, to be allowed to
him on his settlement of his accounts at the Treas-
ury. But the certificate of the judge to the accounts
of the marshals, clerks, district attorneys, or com-
missioners, is not necessary when presented at the
Treasury Department. The oath of the party
claiming will be necessary in all cases. This will
relieve the court from an onerous burden, and
save the judges from the disagreeable necessity of
acting as auditors and accounting officers of the
Government. But, sir, I must be frank to say,
if the experience of the past—if all that has been
made public by the reports of the Comptroller—if
all that has been said upon this floor in regard to
the practice in the States of Massachusetts, New
York, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and other States—if the conduct of the
judiciary in all these is not sufficient to warn this
House of the evils of such a system, then let the
judges allow and certify.
