41-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 28,
There are some gentlemen who may attempt to
make themselves masters of the law, and assume
to know everything. A proposition upon the part
of one Government to another, is a mere question
of agreement not to infringe the spirit of the treaty.
The question will come up afterwards, whether
the treaty had been complied with or not in the
payment of the money. If the Mexican Govern-
ment drew a draft upon this Government after the
money was appropriated by law, let me ask, how-
ever ridiculous it may be conceived by some, if it
would be in violation of the treaty for this Gov-
ernment to accept that draft—merely to accede to
the proposition iri the payment of the money?
Does it smack in the slightest degree of violation
of law, of infringement of the treaty? Not at all.
But this arrangement would have saved, I am
authorized to believe, an immense sum to the
Government, had the money been appropriated!
How does the present proposition stand ? Tiiey
come forward and say that they will give us secu-
rity and vouchers to the Government at the proper
time. What are they? They will put in pledge
Government stocks bearing an interest of six per
cent., and propose to pay the Government of the
United States three and a half per cent, for the
money that is to be appropriated fourteen months
in advance. Do not these stocks bear as much
interest by being pledged to the Government as
they did before? And what then is the operation?
We, in eiiect, pay them two and a half per cent,
for this operation. This is the whole of the mat-
ter. It is for the percentage, the shaving that is
to full into the pockets of those concerned, that
they ha\e consented to the whole thinjj.
Mr. MEADE. My colleague [Mr. Bayly]
has in a measure expressed an opinion adverse to
the one I expressed on a former occosion, and in
doing so he took occasion to say that nineteen
twentieths of the lawyers of the country would
be also of an opinion different to it; and I think
it somewhat incumbent upon me to make a short
reply.
Tne CHAIJRMAN. The Chair must here
state, without calling the gentleman to order, that
under the rule five minutes is allowed for the ex-
planation of, and five minutes for opposition to,
the amendment, and not for a general discussion
upon the merits of the original proposition.
Mr. ME ADl£. I am opposing the amendment,
and 1 suppose I will be allowed the same latitude
as has been extended to other gentlemen who have
spoken upon this subject. Now, this was paid
by drafts substantially, although not in a com-
mercial point of view, not technically, to the Bar-
ings &. Druthers, through their agent Forstall.
Drafts were sent here by Forstall to be paid; and
why could not drafts in the same shape be sent
by the Mexican Government, by her agent, to be
puid ? They weio, instead of being commercial
drafts' in the usual form, certificates sent to the
Secret?! ly of State, to the eiiect thai Forstall had
advanced so much money to the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and that that advancement was to be
taken out of the indemnity due her. When we
speak of drafts, we mean cliafis in that form and
substantially to that effect. It was a certificate
upon the part of the Mexican Government, that
Forstall should receive $050,000 of the indemnity
whu h was due to Mexico upon the 30th day of
May, ami that is the form in which the drafts
could have been presented in favor of Mexico or
the a ent of Mexico. We are speaking about the
substance, not the shadow, of things. It is true,
as my colleague says, that a commercial draft,
drawn in the way he supposes, could not be ac-
cepted by the Secretary of State; but any notifi-
cation, like that in favor of Forstall, could have
been given m favor of Marks, or any other agent
of the Mexican Government, and the amount thus
certified to, as having been advanced to the Mexi-
can Government, could be deducted out of the in-
demnity which was due on the 30th of May. If
you go into the details of the whole of that pay-;
ment, you will find that not one cent of the money j
was paid in any other way. In point of fact, the !
whole three millions of dollars thus paid by the
Barings & Brothers to that Government, was
drawn for by them here. I will venture that
without knowing the fact, because it was the
easiest way by which it could be done. The
diaft in favor of Forstall proves not only that the
draft was paid here, but that it was paid months
before the indemnity was due; and so the arrange-
ment could have been made in favor of Mexico.
Why could it not have been made as much in
favor of Mexico as the Barings?
Mr. FREEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
submit any remarks upon this amendment, nor
can he offer any amendment, as there is now an
amendment pending to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved, pro f6rma9 to strike out
the words " Mexican Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
" to be paid in conformity to the request of the
Mexican Government." The gentleman from
Virginia proposes to strike out the words " Mexi-
can Government." It will then read " to be paid
in conformity to the request" 
Mr. BAYLY. If the amendment prevails I
shall then move to fill the blank. Mr. Chairman,
my colleague has certainly not examined this mat-
ter with his usual care. If he had he certainly
would not have misconceived the subject as much
as he does. He asks the question, why we could
not accept drafts of theMexican Government as well
as those of the Barings? The Barings never drew
any drafts in form or substance upon our Govern-
ment. By their contract, on the day of payment,
they were to make the payment in gold and silver
to the Mexican Government, and to take their
receipts for it. I presume they provided them-
selves with the money to make the payment by
drafts drawn in Mexico upon London and New
York. But they drew no drafts upon our Gov-
ernment; and I undertake to say, if my colleague
will think of it for a moment, that he will say that
drafts diawn by Mexico upon this Government
and accepted by our Secretary of State, without
express authority of law for him to do so, would
not be worth the paper they were written upon.
To assume that they would be, is to assume pow-
ers in the officers of this Government independent
of law. It is to assume that they have independ-
ent and distinct powers inherent in them, and not
conferred by law. Now, 1 say that Forstall's
certificate, to which the gentleman refers, was
nothing but a ratification by the Mexican Govern-
ment to our Government that they had hypothe-
cated to the extent of his advances, or in other
words, that they had given him a lien to the ex-
tent of his advances upon this indemnity, to be
satisfied when it should be paid. They could have
given that lien to any other bankers; and the fact
that the Barings were our agents did not give
them any advantage over other bankers, as I have
before explained. But I am done with this sub-
ject. Everybody understands it whoever will un-
derstand it. I shall not say one word more in ref-
erence to it, no matter what turn the debate may
take.
Mr. MEADE. My colleague says he is done
with this subject. 1 am not quite done with
it yet. I will just read to my colleague a few
lines of a letter which was addressed to the Sec-
retary by the Barings:
'• It will Ik; perceived from the (bipffoing, that the con-
tuu-tora made all tlu'ii payments to Mexico out ot their
own funds and wpie aftciivardf reimbursed in the [Tnited
States, at a date avenging the 15th of May, and the last
and larsestpajmcnt by the United States to the contract-
ors of two millions of dollar was not made until the 27th
of .Tunc, noailv one month after they had paid the full in-
stallment to Mexico."
Now here is an admission on the part of the
bankers themselves that we had paid them pre-
vious to the 30th day of May, when this money
became due under the treaty. How ? Everybody
familiar with such transactions knows how.
Those drafts were drawn by the Barings—this
certificate was sent by the Mexican Government
to our Secretary here, notifying' him that For-
stall, for instance, had advanced so much money,
and was entitled to that amount of money out of
the indemnity which was due. Will my colleague
tell me how did these bankers draw out of "the
Treasury previous to the 15th day of May any
portion of this indemnity, if it was not for the
purpose of paying the Mexican indemnity, either
by transferring it there or by drawing drafts upon
it here? This letter is an admission of the fact,
and my colleague cannot get over that admission.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to amend the amend-
ment 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now in order.
There is an amendment to the amendment pending.
The question is upon the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The question was then taken and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to reinsert the words,
if in order, "the Government of Mexico."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment would
not be in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to strike out the
word " request," and insert the words "pursu-
ant to."
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of that amend-
ment, because I think it raises substantially the
issue that has been made in the discussion upon
this subject, and brings up the conflict that has
been waged between the Secretary of State and the
authorities of Mexico. I am in favor of it as a
substantial amendment—an amendment promo-
ting the right and rebuking the wrong. The ques-
tion raised in that amendment is, whether this
Government, in its treatment of a kindred Repub-
lic upon our own continent, shall consult the de-
sires of that Government, or shall sacrifice its
interests to its creditor, and pass that Govern-
ment through the hands of successive monetary
speculators, before the fund, which we honestly
owe her, is honestly paid to he*? A technical ex-
ception has been taken by tile honorable member
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who presided over
the Committee of Ways and Means during the
last Congress. It was a technical exception only.
He has been compelled, in the specious defence he
has made 
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope it will not be taken
out of my time.
Mr. BROOKS. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] is to strike out.
Mypointof order isthis: that his argument should
be confined to the reasons why the words " pur-
suant to the" should be inserted, and confined
strictly to that. If the gentleman will permit me
to say, I have no objection to this debate going on
to ajiy extent, if it will be permitted on both sides
of tl^e House. If we are going to pass the bill,
let us stop the debate.
Mr. CARTTER. My argument was addressed
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
debatable. The question of order, in the opinion
of the Chair, is well taken. Under the rules, after
debate has been terminated, five minutes are allowed
for explanations of amendments, and five minutes to
oppose such amendments as may be offered. The
good sense of the House, or the members, must, to
a very great extent, control them in that matter;
because it will be impossible for the Chair to say
how gentlemen intend to apply their arguments;
and if they violate the rules of order, it will, per-
haps, be impossible for the Chair to enforce them.
It is very clear, that under the rules of the House,
the original proposition, or the merits of the bill,
are not now under consideration.
Mr. CARTTER. Does the Chair apprehend
the force of that amendment, permit me to inquire ?
My amendment is in form " pursuant to the re-
quest of the Mexican Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman, I believe, is to insert the words " pur-
suant to the" before the word "request." It will
then read " to be paid in conformity and pursuant
to the request."
Mr. CARTTER. I move to strike out the word
"conformity."
The CHAIRMAN. That will be a double
amendment. Both cannot be entertained.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to ascertain, if a
verbal amendment is introduced by a member,
and it enters into and forms a part of the sense of
the amendment, whether he is confined to a defi-
nition of the word thus introduced?
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChair stated theamend-
ment asthegentlemanproposedit, and decided that
he could not make another motion to amend when
one was pending. His motion was, to insert a
word ill one part of the amendment, and he can-
not move to strike out a word in another part.
Mr. CARTTER. That is a part of the mo-
tion.
TheCHAIRMAN. TheChair did not hear
the gentleman move to strike out anything.
Mr. CARTTER. If my amendment was mis-
