2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
both courts are in session at the same time, to be paid but
for attendance on one court."
Am^nd the first clause of section three so as to make it
read a  follows:
"Ssc.3. *1nd be it further enacted, That every district
attorney, clerk of a district coutt, clerk of a circuit court,
and marshal of the United States, shall, until otherwise di-
rected by law, upon the first day of January and July m
each yt.ir, commencing with the first day of Jnlv next, or
within thirty davs from and after the days specified, make
to the Secretary of the Interior, m such form as he shall pre-
scriue, a return in writing, embracing ail tlx1 fees and emolu-
ments of their respective office.-*, of every name and char-
acter, distinguishing the fees and emoluments received or
payable under the bankrupt act,from those received or pay-
able foi any other service; and in the ca e of a marshal,
furthei distinguishing tin1 fees and emoluments leceivedor
payable for services by himself personally rendered, from
those received or payable tor services rendered by a deputy;
and also distinguishing tfie fees and emoluments*o received
or payable for services rendered by each deputy, by name,
and the proportion of sueh tees and emoluments winch, by
the tenns of his service, each deputy ih to receive ; and also
embracing nil the necessary office expenses of «uch officer,
together with the voucher.- for the payment of the same for
the halt year ending on the said thvtdav of January or July,
a& the ea-e may be, which letiirn shall be, ui 'til cases, ven-
fied by the oath of the officer making the same. And no
district attorney shall be allowed by the --aid Seciefary of the
Interior 'o retain of the fees and" emolument-; of hi< said
office, lot his own personal compensation, over and above
his necessary office expenses, the ncee^s.uy cler'*: hire in-
cluded, to he audited and allowed by the proper accounting
officer*, of ihe Tiervnuy, a sum exceeding .^6,0)() pei year,
and at and a'ter tint rate foi ^uch nine a-. he siiali hold the
office; and no clerk of a district court, or cleik of a ciicmt
court, s^IiaiJ be allowed by the said Hecirt.ir) to retain of the
fee-> and emoluments of his* said office, or, m ea-e both of the
said clei lcship-5 shall he held by the same pei-am, of the said
offices, for his own per-onal compensation, over and above
the necessary expenses of his office and necessary clerk hue
included, also to he audited and allowed by the propei ac-
counting office of the Treasury, a sum exceeding $3,500
pei year foi anv such di->tuctclerk, or ciiciut clei k. or at and
after that rate for such tunc as he shall hold the otliee; and
no marshal shall be allowed by the said rieeretarv to retain
of the fees and emolument1- of his said office, loi his own
peisonal coinpen>ati(Mi, ovei and above a piopor a'iovvanee
to ins deputies, winch sdull m no ease exceed tlnco fourths
of the fees and emoluments received as payable loi the^er-
\ i-'Cs rendeied hy the deputy to whom the allowance is made,
and may be reduced below that rate by die-aid fieeretaiyot
th"  [ntenoi wlienevei the return shall show that rate ot al-
lowance to be unreasonable, and over anil above the neees-
saty office expense- oi the ^ud mar-hat, the neces-ai v eleik
line included, al-o fo be audited and allowed i>\ the piopei
accounting officers of the Ttea>urv. a sum exceedntg,000
p'H \eai, or at and aftei that rate for such time as he -.hall
hold the otUce ; and eveiy j'tich ollieei siiall, with each such
return made bv hnn, pay into the Ti-ea-uiy of tin- Umted
States, oi deposit to the credit of tile Tiea-uier thereof, ax
h«: may he dueeted by the Secretary of the Tnteiioi. anv stir-
plus tif the feei and onmlumeiih of hi-. office, which his
halt-\eurH tetiun so made a< ,"foresaid shall xliow to ou-t
over and .diove the compensation and allowance- iieieinbe-
fore auihon/.ed to he tctained and paid bv hnn. And m
rvery e i--v where the ii'tuni of anv .-Ueh oflh el .--'i.tll show
that asm,'i'i- m.u c\M, the said Seerofaiy of the hiteiioi
shall eaiise such teniiiwto hecnefullv examined, and the
accounts of disbuistmients m he icuuiarly audited bv the
proper offieeisoi' his department, and an account to f <;
opened with snehoflieei m piops'r books to bo provided for
that pm po-e, and the allowances foi person.d compensation
(or each calend.u x ear -.hall be made tiom the fee-. and emol-
uments of that 5 eat, and not otherwise: .#«*/ provided
/ar^/i«r/J,iiatiioti)nig ni anv existing law of ('onirics?* au-
ihoriKinn the paj mentof a pcrdiem compensation ro a dis
tiiet attorney, el -iko! i ih-tuel coinf, or elork of a ciicuit
court, or marshal, or deputy marshal, for attendance upon
the district or circuit courts dm tug their sittings •-nail be <0
con-trued as to ;iutboii/,<; an}- mi< h pa\ inent to any one of
those officers for attendance upon either of tlio-e courts
while sitting mi {he tmiisaction of hiMne-.« undei the bank-
rupt law merelv, or for ;my poilion of the time tor winch
either of the <.,tid court- m.u be held open or in s- -,-iof) by
the authortj romerred in that hiw ; nnd no sueh chaise, 111
an account of any • itch oiiicer, shall be cei tilled a- pa\ able,
or shall h" .jllnw^d and paid < ut o: the money hei.nnhetore
appronnnted for d->fr.itv ma: the f>\p"iis<>*< 01 the ciiinb of the
Halted -"States. And no per (hem or other allowance shall be
made to anv such officer tor attendance at rule days of the
c rcuit or disincr com?- ; and when the circuit and disir.ct
courts Mt at !h" panic tune, no <11 eater per diem ot other al-
lowance shall be made ro any such officer tlunn for an attend,
auce on one court The two last provisoes of paragraph
lft7 evfth^ < ivil and 'hp! miotic apptopnation bill, approved
May i*. 181"3. winch requires clerk* to ecrnfv accounts, and
confine tin* marshals, clei ks rtnd district attorney of the
northern and southern districts ot New Voik to :im fees ,d-
ioxved bxM'np jstaie l; v to ch iks, attorneys, counsellor.^
and «-heiiffs, for Mimhir serxict's 111 the f^tate courts, are
h-'f* hy icycaled."
1*2 fn the clause relating to coni/m^ioners5 f< < m^err
tfie followiott an additional item, viz :
" For attending to a reference in a htniated matter, in a
civil cnu-e .it Uiw. in 1 <pnty, oi m .ulmiralty, in pursuance
C'f an 01 d  r of court, tnree dt.r.-irs per dax' i%
\dd to the satn? clau-e, as an adihtional paragraph.
tlie ioji <\\ ni_', viz,'
For rvmrn-i anv warrant under the fc>:t"n aitt.de or'J10
rre'iiy  ' t!ie I'm 1^42, between tl:? S;ates
md ihe Uueen or rue Lnited Kmgiiom of Great Dritain
a.nd I re I iii.l, again-** anv person charsren with n.iy 01 the
criui''-- or i rfcjt-a's set foitii in said article, two doUars ; and
the feme -ma for anv warrant issued under the pro-
viuun-. of if.c cu/ivntion lor the surrender of criminals,
between the United ttaue. and the King of the French,
corielnded ai Wr^hlnginn or. fne 0th of November, 1R43;
and for hearing and deciding upon the case of any person 1
charged with any offense or enme, and arrested under the
provisions of said treaty or convention, five dollars per day |
for the time neces*aniy employed." i
14. In the following clause, viz : \
'• No district attoi ney, marshal, or clerk, shall receive any ;
other oi greater compensation for any services rendered by ;
him than'is provided in this act; and all acts and parts of 1
acts, allowing to either of Them any other or greater fees
than is heiein provided, are hereby repealed, and to receive I
any other or greater compensation is hereby declared to be 1
a misdemeanor. But this shall not be construed topiohibit '
the payment of any salary authouzed by statute"— 1
Atter tfie word u cleik" m ert '• or their deputies," and ;
after the word 44 misdemeanor" insert the following, viz : |
"And if any officer hereinbefore mentioned, or his dep- |
uty, shall, by reason or color of his office, willfully and j
corruptly demand and receive any other or greater fees than 1
those allowed m this act, he shall, on conviction thereot in '
any court of the United States, forfeit and pay a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, and be impnsoned not ex- ;
ceeding six months, at the discieuon of the court before j
whom the conviction shall he." |
!.>. i 11 the following clause, viz : !
" No writ shall be necessaiv to bring into court any pns- i
onci 01 person in custody, or for icniandiug him fiom the
court uito custody; hut th" srune shall be done on the paiol (
order of the coutt 01 di-fnct attorney, tor which no fee shall
be charged by the clerk or marshal"— !
rituke out the word u parol."
The SPEAKER. All the amendments of the
committee having been disposed of, the question 1
is upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and read I
a third time.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move to lay the bill upon i
the table, and upon that motion I demand the yeas 1
and nays.
Mr. STANLY. I demand tellers upon the yeas ,
and nays. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jenkins and ;
Fowler were appointed; and the House being ;
divided they reported—ayes 3(i, noes not counted. ■
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The quesaou was then taken on the motion to ;
lie upon the table, and there were—yeas 40, nays
112, its follows; :
YFjAS—Messrs. Abeierombie, Harreie, Howie, Bowne,
Biv< kiniidee. JJii^ys, Hrooks, (jJeor^o IT. Brown, IS. ?\u- ■
imi'ton t'auell, Ouslae, Fowler, Oorman, Hammond, llav
call. Haven, Heb-iul, llorstoid, Howard, I li'mirb Y. How,
Jenkins, Lamhy, heti-her. Martin, iMcCoikie, MeMulhn,
.Miner. Moreheud, Schoonmakcr, bavul i^. yevmour,
Stanly, Beniaimn Stanton, Gichaid II. Stanton. Alexander ,
11. Stephens, 'I'haddeus Stevens, T.ivlor, Walhridye,
Walsh, Watd, VVelcn, Well-, and Addi-on White—40.
MAY S—Messrs!. Aiken, Willis Alien, William Apple ton,
Aveiett, Be,Ue, Bennett, Biln^haus. Bia^a, Bieuton, Albert
(i. Brown, 1'ueli, Bmiows, J'oseph (-'able, Caldwell.Lewis
I). Campbell, 'riiompson Campbell, Canter, Chapman,
Cha-tam, Chuiclnvi II. ("lark, Climjinmi, (,'obh, Coleoelc.
Culloin, Cmtis, John (i. Davis, iJaw-on, Dean. Jiiunniek,
Disney, Dockeiv, Uotv, Edqerton, i);imui](! on, raulkncr,
Ficklin, Floien'ee, ri<>>d, Thomas J. 5>. l-'nlli (J.unbie,
CJaylord, Gentrv, (iiltnore, Coudenow, flail, Dauulrou, 1
Harper, Isnam U. Hams, li.ut. flenn, Ihbhard. Ilillyei,
Iloll.idav, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas M Howe,
fu^eisoll, J lie son. Amliew JoliMsod, Goorge W. Jones, ■
J. (JJanev Jones, (!eor«.rc (J. Kin^, rii'ston Kin^r, Kmt7, :
fjOckhatt, Maee, Mann. Ma^oh, Mcl^inahan, MeNan,
MeCincen, Meade, Million, Molony. Jleniy I). JMoore, !
Mutr.iy, Newton, (.)lds. Outlaw, Andrew I'.irke:, Samuel
W. i'aiker, j'emuman, Perkins, I'helps, Polk, Piiee, Kich-
ardson, Kiddle, Kobbins, Uohie, Savage, Semry, Ori m S.
Seymour, Skehon. Smart, Smith, Pre denek P. Stanton,
Abi'm P Stephens. Stone, St. Mattm, Stiatton, Sweetsci,
Thurston, Vcnahle, Wallaec, Watkins, Wileov, "VYiUlrick,
Wooilwaid, and Yates—1 li.
fa'o the J louse refused to fay the bill upon the
taUe.
Several Mlmders. Let us go through with this
hill.
Mr. HOUSTON". 1 must first ask for action
upon the resolution which was offered on yester-
day, to close the five minutes debate upon the
civ ii and diplomatic bill.
CLOSE OF THE FIVE MINUTES DEBATE.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired. The gentleman front Alabama [Mr. IIous>-
tont] asks tlmt the motion made by h.m on yes-
terday, by unanimous eon-reni he nerprl upon. If
there be no objection the vote will be taken upon
that proposition.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows.
Rc-oh-ed, That the five minute^ iu!p, f>o fas a^ the same
r< ?n?e«! to the bill of UieHon«e Xo 106, he sUspe-uied within
thirty minutes a!>er the f'oiiimufpe of the Wholo on the
state oi the Union shall resume the consideration of naid
udi
Mr. i shah object to that res-
ohrion.
The GPEAXCEU. The objection comes too
late.
?vlr. McMULLIN. I made my objection to the
resolution so soori as I heard it,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will explain for
a single moment. It is not the fault of the Chair
if gentlemen do not hear what is going on. At
least they will agree that they must divide the re-
sponsibility with the Chair. "When the gentleman
fiom Alabama [Mr. Houston] rose yesterday and
demanded action upon the motion which the
House agreed, hy unanimous consent, he should
introduce, the Chair responded by saying if there
was no objection action would be had upon that
proposition, and he paused for a reply. There
being none, the Chair said that there being no ob-
jection the vote will betaken upon the proposition.
The resolution, therefore, is fairly before the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
lay the resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Air. McMULLIN. Then T move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
not laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and thp
main question ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted,and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
CrVtL AND "DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Pnu.ps m the chair,) and resumed the con-
aideiation of House bill No. 196'," making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, 1853,
and for other purposes."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
committee, that, through inadvertence yesterday,
the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] submit-
ted an amendment to an amendment, which was
not exactly in the form in which it could be
properly made to the amendment that was then
pending before the committee. The gentleman
front Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] had submitted the
following amendment, as an additional section:
Be it fnithpr enacted, That all clerks, me^enaers.
watchmen, and laborer, employed at an annual salary, or
in temporary po.-mons m the Executive and le'_n lative De-
partments of the. Government, in uie citv of Washington,
whis«p compensation does not exceed ,^*J,0U0 per annum,
shall, in addition, be allowed the following annual increase
o! compensation, commencing from the fiM day of the lust
fi-eal veav, via : all whor-e annual compensation does not
cxeeed 1,200, twenty per cent., &c.
I have merely read this part of the amendment
to show the application of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.]
The amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] was also amended upon
a motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dew.] Then the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] submitted a motion to strike out all the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry,] which relates to the sala-
ries of clerks exceeding $1,000. The Chair was
of the opinion that £>],0(J0 was speeifled in the
i amendment. Upon that proposition the commit-
tee voted, and the amendment of the gentleman
\ from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was adopted. It is
: impossible, in construing the amendment adopted
, upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to
; leave anythingremaining of the amendment of the
' gentleman from Tennessee. To obviate the diffi-
culty in which the committee seem to be involved,
! the Chair rnieb, that the amendment proposed by
j the gentleman from Ohio, and adopted, was a
I substantial rejection or striking out of the amend-
I ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
I [Mr. Gentry.]
Mr. GENTRY, I acquiesce in that decision of
; the Chair very readily. I understand its effect to
be, to hav.e stricken out all after the enacting clause
! in the section which I offered as an amendment.
It therefore makes a blank. I propose to fill that
blank with a proposition which I have placed in
