1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
the hands of the Clerk. It is a modification of the
original proposition to this extent. It is applica-
ble only to clerks having a salary not exceeding
$1,500 per annum, it excludes all in the original
amendment above that.
Mr. HENN. I would inquire of the Chair if
the striking out of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] carries with
it the rejection of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dean?]
The CHAIRMAN". It carries the whole of it.
Mr. GENTRY. My proposition, as now sub-
mitted, proposes to increase the compensation
of the employees of the Government in this city,
whose present compensation does not exceed
$1,200 a year, 20 per cent., and over £1,200, and
not more than $1,500, 15 per cent. I make this
modification of my original proposition to meet
the views of gentlemen to whom it is more accept-
able in this shape than the original shape. I would
myself prefer it as it was; but this is so reason-
able and so just, that I hope, without further de-
bate, it will be unanimously adopted.
Mr. Gentry's amendment was then read by the
Clerk as follows:
Be it further enacted, That the clerks, messengers, watch-
men, and laborers, employed at an annual salary, or holding
temporary positions in the executive and legislative De-
partment*. in the Government in the city of Washington,
whose compensation does not exceed $l,o '0 per annum,
shall, m addition thereto, be allowed the following animal
increase of compensation, commencing from the fir.-t day
ofthe last fiscal yeai, viz : All whose annual compensation
does not exceed 20 per cent., and ail wiw-e annual
compensation exceeds $1,:200, and does not exceed .^1,500,
an addition of lo per cent , and that the amount of increased
compensation provided for in this section, shall be p.ud
out of any moneys, in the Tieasury not otherwise appiopu-
atcd.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry.
I understand this proposition to allow this increase
from the beginning of the last fiscal year. 1 think
the fiscal year commences the 1st of July. Is it
designed that this shall commence one year ago
last July? T wish to understand that.
Mr. GENTRY. Undoubtedly that is the effect
of the amendment, and that is the intention. It
is to give some relief for the state of things here,
which will not be efficiently reached if you do not
give it this shape.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman will suspend, for the purpose of enabling
the committee to retrace, to some extent, the steps
taken on yesterday. The Chair asks the gentle-
man to withhold his amendment for a moment, to
let the gentleman from New York [Mr. De.yv]
propose the amendment that was adopted yester-
day as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.]
' Mr. McMULLIN. Very well, sir, if I can re-
tain the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. "Was that amendment of the
gentleman from New York cut off by the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
which was to strike out the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Ah*. Gentry?] It did
not propose to touch the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York. I think that has already
been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio was to strike out all except
that which relates to the $1,000 clerks, and the
amendment of the gentleman from New York had
been adopted and incorporated in the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
was therefore stricken out, and the Chair has now
awarded the floor to the gentleman from New
York, for the purpose of endeavoring to obviate
the difficulty.
Mr. DKAN. I now offer the same amendment
that I offered yesterday, and which was adopted
by the committee, but stricken out, I suppose, by
inadvertence, with an addition.
The amendment was read as follows:
Provided, That this section shall not extend to any per-
son receiving a salary for discharging the duties of more
than one office at the «ame time, or to any person who does
not actually dis>chatge the dunes of the office for winch he
receives such salary, or to any person engaged in prosecu-
ting any claim other than his own before any ofthe Depart-
ments or Congre^ ; and tiiat in case any pay or accounting
officer of the Government shall pay such additional per
centage to any such person, it shall he a misdemeanor in
the person knowingly paying or receiving such additional
per centage, rendering each liable to indictment and pun-
ishment by fine or imprisonment.
Mr. DEAN. I offer this amendment; and I
ask, in addition, so to amend the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, after the word
" Washington," ae to limit itto men having fami-
lies for which they have to provide.
Mr. GENTRY. I would suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman, that the best form to give to the
last amendment indicated by him, would be a pro-
viso to this effect:
Provided, That no bachelors shall receive the benefits of
this section. [ Laughter. ]
Mr. DEAN. At the suggestion of some of my
friends here, I will not embarrass this amendment
by this addition, because some of my bachelor
■ friends around me do not like to vote for it. I
;! now ask that a vote may be taken upon this
i' amendment, for 1 do not wish to occupy further
!; the time of the committee.
,j The question being upon Mr. Dean's amend-
j1 mentto the amendment, Mr. Hebard demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Goode-
now, and Johnson of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 62.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. BRENTON. I believe at this stage of the
proceedings that the amendment I offered yester-
day is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. On yesterday, when a
question of order was raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Bukntov] had sent to the Chair
an amendment which he then designed offering,
and it was about being read. The Chairasks the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] to
yield the floor that we may have an opportunity
of placing things in statu, quo in .which they were
! yesterday.
Mr. BRENTON. I propose, sir, to strike out
: from the amendment offered by the gentleman
. from Tennessee, all after the enacting clause, and
! to insert the section which I send to the Clerk's
I desk.
| The Clerk read the amendment as follows:
i And that bom and after the 4th day of Maich, 1853, it
! ^hall be the duty of each the heads ot the Executive JJe-
; pin iinenl* ol the Coveinnient solo ditantje and clarity
■ the eleikships m <-:ud Uepaitments as to make thiee sov-
i eral clas.se-., accoidm# to the natuie ofthe business, in
i which said eleiUsnre employed; and the qualifications re-
! quired for the t-aine.
i The said cletks to serve in their respective cl:i°«cs foi
! the tenn of four year?,, and all vacancies oeenrinifr, by te
{ moval oi olhei wise, m either ofthe higher cla^e^, -ball
1 be filled fiom the class next below it, and no el.'ik «.hall
serve in anyone of the Depai tmeut-. lor a longer period
than twelve years.. Tiie compensation of the lirsioi lowei
elass ot clerks nhull bo,^l,90J per annum; ofthe «ceond
class, ,*1,500 pei annum ; ol the third das.-., $1,800 pt-r an-
num. ' And no removals shall be marie except lor ineoni -
potency, <n cau^e s-liown to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent of the Hinted States And in the selection of said
cleiks, they ir-h.ill, as lar a-piai-tieable, betaken from the
several Slates and Teriuoiies., in propmtion to the number
ot Senators., Rep  esent.mvet-, and Delegates fiom e<ich in
the Thirty third Congress.
Jlndheil further enacted, Th;U from and after the 3d
day of Maich, 1S.">3, all Saws now in toreo, providing for
the compensation of member^ of Conyress, and D"le<rak's
fiom Territories, shall be and the .same are hereby re-
pealed.
Jin I he it farther eaaded, That fiom and after «aid
day, there shall be paid to each Senator. Kepre-entntive,
and Delegate in ('ongj a salarv foi Ins services of *->,000
pei annum, one hall theieof lo be paid upon Ins attendance
at the fn ft -e-sion ot (Jongro-s, begun in any s oar, and the
other half at the end of the mdh1 m^-ioh ; and, in addition,
eacl) Senator, Representative, and Deii-giite s>hall,hn trav-
eling, be paid, at the beginning and end of e.i- h session of
Congress, tvveufy cents "for each mile of distance between
his residence and the Capitol—on a straight line iohea-cei-
tained by tne Secictary of the Tre;wiry : Blocked, ho
cve>, That no pivmentshal be made to any H'-nator foi
attending a called session of the Senate, to act in Execu-
tive ot a time when the llou^e of Representative-,
is not in session.
.find he >£ further evaded, That the Secretary of the
Tiea-uty shall deduct from the compensation to be paid as
aforesa.d. at the end ot the session, ten dollar-; lot each day
the member oi De'e^a'e n-av have been nb-eni ti< in h.s f'Mt
during the sitting of the House of whu a no is a un-mb';!.
unless such absence was oecasmncd by his or
the 'ickness of his wife or eiulu.
Each S"riatoi. Representative, and Delegate «hail Mate
at the end of each session how many davj he hath -o ab-
sented himself, and verify hi" statement or oath, andifanv
Senator, Representative, or Delegate shall refuse to furuijli
such statement, no payment shall then be made to him,
Mr. HALL. I hold in my hand an amend-
ment which I ask the gentleman from Indiana to
accept as a modification of his amendment.
Mr. BRENTON. My time is so short that 1
prefer not to yield.
Mr. HALL. I hope the gentleman will hear
the modification, and accept it.
Mr. BRENTON. J cannot, for I have not
time. The object of the substitute which I pro-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee is designed to secure what every gen-
tleman upon this floor will acknowledge is needed
in connection with the several Departments, and
that is permanency; and the only mode by which
permanency in the business can be secured will
be by a classification of the clerks in the different
Departments. It is designed to accomplish not only
permanency, but to destroy, m addition to that, all
sectionalism in the selection of the clerks who fill
offices in the Depaitments. That much I have
only time to say in reference to the first part of my
amendment. In reference to the sections which
follow, they address themselves to the judgment
of every gentleman upon fhe floor.
The country is satisfied as well as ourselves,
that we are fast approximating to the period when
Congress will be in session from year to year, and
that something must be done in order to curtail
the length of the sessions. The dissatisfaction in
reference to what is called the mileage question,
prevails in every part of the land. As it now
stand**, a charge of forty cents per mile is made,
and it is left to the discretion of the member to fix
the number of miles he shall travel from his home
to the Capitol. The object of the amendment is
to reduce one half the amount of compensation
allowed for mileage, and then to leave it to the
Secretary of the Tieasury to fix the distance in a
direct line from the residence of each member to
the Cnpitol. This will give him ample compen-
sation for the purpose of meeting all his traveling
expenses.
The lastamenment is designed to sccure punc-
tuality upon the part of members. What is the-
faet? Dunng the present session, instead of hav-
ing here two hundred and thirty-one members as
we should have had, the average attendance from
the beginning of the session to the present time has
been about one hundred and sixty-five. The res-
idue have been absent. How often do we find
ourselves without a quorum—not only in the
House, but in committee? If, sir, we have nerve
enough to come up to the work and adopt this
system, we shall not be under the necessity of re-
porting on the Journals from time to time, so
many absentees, either in committee or in the
House. 1 do not design to occupy the attention
of the committee, but merely to bring the matter
before the House as an outline of the principles
that should be established m order to remedy the
evil; for we all acknowledge there is a disease, and
we should go to work atid find out an appropriate
rem cdy.
if I have filled to ascertain the lemedy in the
proposition I have submitted, I shall most cheer-
fully acquiesce and unite with any gentleman in a
proposition calculated to accomplish the same ob-
ject.
Mr. HALL. I now ask the gentleman from
Indiana to accept the following amendment, whi^h
the Clerk will read, as a modification of his own.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That the Administration should ofcourselook
atnoni'those who anpiove u-^ poliey for ag.'i.is to cairy \r
into evocation
Mr. fiRlSNTON. I would accept of that, ha:
; my object is to break down party spirit as much
i as possible.
S Mr. MALL. I only wished to remark thai I
J am verv sorry the centleman from Indiana V-'.ov'u
| thus early in'the action repudiate the great loader
I of the Whig party. The proposition which I
! have sent to the Clerk's table, is m the exact lan-
i guage of General Scott. [Laughter.]
I ' Mr. GENTRY. 1 desire to suggest whether
I that amendment is in order? It proposes a radical
; change m the whole policy of the Government
! with "regard to the payment of its officers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
: amendment to be in order.
| Mr. FOWLER. Before the question is put, I
j wish the amendment may again be read, so that
| we may understand it.
i The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
! by unanimous consent.
| Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
