414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
retary of the Treasury should pay this money.
The Secretary o-f the Treasury, it will be recol-
lected, during the late war with Mexico, evinced,
in the opinion of the Democratic party, a much
stronger partiality for the cause of Mexico than he
entertained for the cause of the United States. But
suppose we should direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to make this payment, what do we do?
What does it amount to ? Why, it is saying that
we have more confidence in Thomas Corwin,than
we have in Daniel Webster. Now, I ask rny
friends upon this floor, if there is one here who is
willing to say, by his vote, that he has greater
confidence in Thomas Corwin, the Secretary of
the Treasury, than he has in Daniel Webster, the
Secretary of State ?
Mr. DISNEY. I have greater confidence in
him.
Mr. JONES. My friend from Ohio says hi
has greater confidence in him. I beg to say 
Mr. CARTTER. I take pleasure in saying
that, as far as I am concerned, I have no confi-
dence in either of them.
Mr. JONES. Wei), I do not intend by my
vote to say that I have greater confidence m the
present Secretary of the Treasury than I have in
the Secretary of State. The Constitution of the
United States provides that the Constitution and
all the laws made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties made under the authority of the United
States, shall be the supreme law of the land. It
says that the President shall be the Executive
omcerof the Government, and that it shall be his
duty to execute the laws. Now, I hold that the
treaty made with Mexico, and ratified by both
Governments, is declared by the Constitution of
the United States to be the supreme law of the
Government, and the President is required to ex-
ecute it. But the President, cannot execute this
provision of that treaty until Congress has placed
at his disposal the amount of money necessary to
enable him to make the payment, and to fulfill the
obligations of the treaty which we have contracted
• and bound ourselves to comply with. Then 1
hold that it is the duty of Congress to appropriate
the money necessary, and leave it to the Presi-
dent of the United States to direct the mode and
manner in which it shall be paid.
I ut suppose we should adopt the amendment
and provide that it shall be paid in the manner
which the Mexican Government desires. Does
any man suppose that the Mexican Government
would take less than the amount which would be
required to pay the installment in Mexico? Does
any man suppose she would accept of less than
one hundred cents upon the dollar if paid in the
city of New York? The gentlemam from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] says she would take four and
a half per cent. less. Mr. Speaker, if there is any
such evidence before this Congress or before the
country, 1 confess that I have not seen it. 1 have
not, perhaps, read this correspondence of the
Mexican Minister, Mr. De la Rosa, with as much
care as some other gentlemen. But in that cor-
respondence, if I have read it aright, Mr. De la
Rosa informs this Government, that the Mexican
Government had received advances m money from
Mr. Forestall. I do not see that he has any au-
thority to ask this Government to pay Mr. For-
stail in America, the money. It appears from this
correspondence that the Mexican Government had
received at one time $400,000, and at another,
§250,000; but that Government is not bound to
reimburse that money. Again, it is said that it
could be paid on better terms through drafts on
Mr. Marks. Now, I want to know, if it appears
anywhere in this correspondence that the Mexi-
can Minister was ever authorized to receive the
money at all, or any part of it? I ask if there is
a lawyer upon this floor—for I do not mMce any
pretensions to one—who will say that a Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary of
Mexico can receive the money due fiom this Gov-
ernment to Mexico > According to my informa-
tion, he cannot. I have seen no authority from
that Government to Mr. De la Rosa to receive
any part of this installment. But suppose our
Government had accepted and paid the diaft of
Mr. Marks: had the Mexican Government ever
engaged to accept those drafts? Not so far as we
are informed. Mr. De la Rosa asks that this Gov-
ernment should accept them, but he did it without
any authority from his Government, so far as I
have seen, to make that request.
Now, sir, it seems to me that in this whole ques-
tion it has not been a fight in regard to the manner
in which this installment shall be paid, because the
Government of the United States has lost anything
which rightfully belonged to it, but because the
Government has not had enough of the Shylock
infused into it in this transaction—because we
have not saved as much or made as much by the
payment of this installment as we might have done.
Now, let us see how these installments have been
paid. The first installment of three millions, paid
m cash, was, I understand,paid through General
Butler, then commanding our forces, or a portion
of them, in Mexico, at the time of the ratification
of this treaty. He paid those three millions of
dollars, and saved upon it, in the way of exchange,
$41,000. The second installment was paid in
1849, under an appropriation made in February of
that year, and approved by Mr. Polk, when he
was President. As I understand that question,
Mr. Walker, the then Secretary of the Treasury,
made a contract foi the payment of the second in-
stallment before the law appropriating the money
was passed. It was paid in Mexico, being the
installment of $3,000,000, and $720,000 the interest
upon the twelve millions unpaid from the ratifica-
tion of the treaty to the time of the first payment,
one year. That amount was paid, saving a pre-
mium of four and a half per cent. The |3,720,000
paid in 1849, under the direction of Mr. Polk's
administration, was paid with ^3,552,600, being a
saving to the Government of $167,400.
The second payment made under the appropri-
ation act of 1849, and approved by Mr. Polk, but
paid under General Taylor's administration,being
$3,540,000, was paid, less a premium of about four
and one third per cent., being $3,386,616 26,
making a saving to the Government, upon that
installment, of $153,383 74.
The third installment of $3,360,000 was paid
with $3,242,400, a saving of about three and a
half per cent, premium, being a saving, in the ag-
gregate, upon the third installment of $117,600.
The present installment of $3,180,000, if it shall
be paid at a premium of three and a half per cent.,
will be paid with $3,068,700—being a saving of
#111,300.
Then we find that the saving is as follows:
Upon the cash payment at the ratification of the
treaty $41,000 00
Upon the first installment  167,400 00
" " second installment  153,383 74
" •• third installment  117,600 00
" " fourth installment  111,300 00
I $590,683 74
| Making an aggregate of not quite $600,000
1 saved, in the way of premium, upon the whole
1 transaction with Mexico; and so much less than
; by the face of the treaty we were required to pay
| her. Now how is this done? If you directed the
: Secretary of the Treasury to pay this money, he
j certainly would not send to Mexico an agent, and
there draw drafts upon this country, in order to
| iaise the amount of money there to pay it, because
he would have no authority to do such a thing.
; Then you use these agents—as this and all other
1 governments have done, and, I presume, will do—
m the performance of this sort of duties. These
! men go to Mexico and draw bills upon this coun-
; try, upon England, upon France, perhaps upon
| Amsterdam,and otherplaces, where the commerce
i of the country may require. They sell those
; drafts there, and when they have accumulated the
' money, they pay it to that Government and take
a receipt therefor, and bring them here and receive
the money fiom this Government.
Now I think the Committee of Ways and
Means, at each time when it reported a bill in con-
nection with that treaty, has discharged strictly
and faithfully its duty to the country. I think that
this bill should be passed as it comes from that
committee, making the appropriation and giving
no direction about it. If any gentleman here will
come and ask for an investigation of this matter,
to know when, where, how and m what manner
there has been coiruption or favoritism, by which
high officers of the Government have nnpropeily
received money, or have improperly put money
into the pockets of their friends, I will go with
them, and give them every facility in my power,
for a strict and scrutinizing investigation into the
whole question, that it may be developed to Con-
gress, and be exposed to the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee^ I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama to withdraw his motion for
a single moment. I wish to offer a single amend-
ment, I intended to have offered in the commit-
tee; and I will move the previous question myself,
if the gentleman desires it. It is as follows.
Provided, The President of the United States shall feel
bound to accept of any proportions for the payment of said
installment, that may be offered by the proper Mexican au-
thorities, if not deemed inconsistent with the interests of
the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I withdraw for one, there
is no telling where we shall stop. I feel it my
duty to move it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I hope the House will
vote down the previous question.
Mr. J. demanded tellers 011 the previous ques-
tion; which were ordered, and Messrs. Houston
i and Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 111; noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second,and
the main question was ordered to be put. The
main question being: Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time ? it was put and carried in
the affirmative.
Mr. DUNHAM moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table; which latter
motion "was agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time, and the
question now being, Shall the bill pass5—
Mr. HOUSTON called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put, which
main question was, Shall the bill pass?
The question was then taken, and under the
operation of the previous question, it was finally
passed.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table, which latter
motiooXvas agreed to.
THE CUBAN PRISONERS.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended , and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My object is to take up the bill for the
relief of the Cuban prisoners.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the House
will go to the regular order of the day.
The SPEAKER. The motion is a privileged
one.
The question was then taken 011 the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and it was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the annual message of the President
! of the United Stales.
j Mr. BAYLY. I move to lay that aside in or-
I der to take up the bill I referred to just now.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to the
| motion of the gentleman, but I want to know
; what is the decision of the Chair upon this ques-
tion. I understand itisregarded as in order for the
chairman, or any other member of the Committee
1 on Printing, to call up the question relating to the
| printing contract with Donelson & Armstrong at
any time. I have no disposition to call it u^p. I
want to know if the Chair holds that to be apriv-
1 ileged question which can be gotten rid of only by
I unanimous consent, or that any member may call
itup>
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
is, the business before the committee should be
taken up regularly in its order, and that a motion
! must be made to dispense with each case as it is
\ called.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied with that
| decision, if it is acquiesced in by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. If it is the unanimous con-
sent of the committee, the regular order of business
' will be dispensed with, and bill 63, " For the
relief of American citizens lately imprisoned and
pardoned by the Q.ueen of Spain," will be taken
, up.
j There was no objection.
1 The Clerk read the bill as follows: >
