185-2.
/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
An act for the relief of American citizens lately imprisoned
and paidoned by the Queen of Spain.
Be it enucled by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stutes of -America in Congress assembled,
I'hat there be, and hereby is, appropriated the stun of 
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, out of any
money in the Trea&ury not otherwise appropriated, for the
reijef of American citizens lately impugned and pardoned
by the dueen of Spam, and who are out ol the hunts of the
United States, the same to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States.
Mr. BAYLY. I made a call upon the Admin-
istration for an estimate of the sum which will be
necessary for the relief of these prisoners. The
estimate sent in is in these words:
Department of Statu, >
Washington, January fc>? 1852. ) h
To the Hon. Thomas H. Bayly, :!
Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Jiff airs:
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your ,
letter of the 6th mutant, requesting, on behalf of the Com-
mxttee on Foreign Affairs, an estimate of the sum which ;
may be ncceasary'to carry into effect the President's rec- ,
ominendation m respect to the member's of the Lopez ex- ,
pedition recently set free m Spam In leply, I have the ]
honor to acquaint you that, according to the best informa-
tion in po>se-3sion of this; Department, the number of those [
persons is fiom one hundred and sixty to one hundred and ;
seventy. Some expenses will probably have been incurred ;
on their account puorto then release, and many of them
will have required necessary clothing. Tlns3 including the
cost of their passage home, may fairly be estimated at thir-
ty-five dollass each. An appropriation of six thousand dol-
lars would, therefore, piobably be buificient foi all these
purposes.
I have the honor to he, sir, veiv respectfully, voui obedi-
ent servant, DANIEL WiSBSTER.
I more, therefore, that the blank in the bill be
filled with "six thousand." If members willlook j
at the bill they will see that it is carefully drawn.
It provides for the appropriation of dollars, I
or so much thereof as may be necessary, out of
the money in the public Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the relief of American citizens
lately imprisoned and pardoned by the Queen of
Spain, and who are out of the limits of the United
States, the same to be expended under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States. I shall
not detain the committee with any remarks in ad-
vocacy of the bill. I think it vindicates itself.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that tlie committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS then obtained the floor, and
said he would avail himself of the opportunity to
speak upon the subject of the foreign relations of
the country, although not perhaps directly affect-
ing the bill before the committee. He delivered a
general speech on the doctrine of national inter-
vention, which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not propose
at this time to debate the subject of interven-
tion. A proper opportunity will occur for that
when we go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the President's message;
after that another opportunity will occur upon a
report which will come from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; but what I propose now to do is,
to ask the committee to rise and stop this debate,
that we may pass this bill appropriating six thou-
sand dollars for the relief of some poor and
deluded citizens of our own country, who have
practically tested the expediency of intervention
in the affairs of a foreign country. [Laughter.]
I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
say to the gentleman from Virginia that I desire
this bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
to enable me to take up a bill to which I wish to
propose an amendment. It is a bill which will not
provoke any discussion, and is very much needed
to be passed now.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from New York
will perceive my object is to stop debate upon this
bill, and to bring the House to action upon it at
once. I cannot consent to have this bill laid aside.
If it is to pass at all it should be passed at once.
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. CARTTER. I have an amendment I wish
to offer. It is this:
Provided, That notinnfrmtliis act shall be construed into
an approbation of am lnteiierence in the domestic almu's ot
Cuba by any of the ctti.icns of the United btates.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a question of order.
It is. this: Pending a motion to rise an amendment
is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I have the floor, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he understood the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] to make the motion that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House. Upon which
understanding the Chair had assigned the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cakttf.r] to make
a motion.
Mr. BAYLY. On the contrary, as soon as he
stated that he desired to make an amendment I
modified my resolution so as to make it a simple
motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Virginia to move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. But when the gentleman from
Ohio gave notice that he had an amendment, I saw
at once 1 could not do that, and 1 modified my
motion so as to make it simply that the committee
rise.
The CHAIRMAN. I understand it, and will
put that question first.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the commit-
tee (Mr. Stephens, of Georgia) reported that
the Committee of the Whole upon the state of the
Union had liad the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 63, being a bill for the relief of American
citizens lately imprisoned and pardoned by the
Glueen of Spain, and had directed him to report
that they had come to no conclusion thereon, and
asked to be allowed to sit again.
Mr. BAYLY. I move the usual resolution to
stop debate upon this bill in five minute;-? after the
committee shall have resumed its consideration.
The question was then put and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it m order to move an
adjournment? Three o'clock has arrived.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I move that this
House do now adjourn.
[Cries of " No !" "No!"] I
Mr. SKELTON called the yeas and nays upon i
adjournment; which were not ordered. j
The question was then taken on the motion to '
adjourn, and it was not agreed to. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suggest to ;
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that
we can in this House discharge the committee
from the further consideration of this bill, and
there is no necessity for the proceeding the gen-
tleman asks for.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Only by unan-
imous consent.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and it was agreed to on a division of
the House—ayes 99, noes not counted. So the
House again resolved itself in Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, m the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill No. 63.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
Provide/I, That nothing in tln« act shall be construed into
an approbation of any interference in the domestic iiff-urs
of Cuba by any of the citizens ot tiie United states.
Mr. CARTTER. I submit that amendmentin
good faith.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a question of order.
My question is, that the amendment is not germane
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, under
the circumstances, that it is germane. Where in-
dividuals convicted, according to the bill, of a vio-
lation of the laws of Cuba, it is certainly germane
to declare that, in the passage of this bill, we
express no approbation of their conduct. The
amendment is m order.
Mr. CARTTER. The appropriation of six
thousand dollars contemplated by this bill, is de-
signed for the purpose of bringing home certain
men who have violated the neutrality laws of this
country and the national sovereignty of a foreign
Power. Our own laws are either at fault, or this
against it. The reason why we vote this amount
j is because it is regarded as a sort of political
i offence, and those who have violated the neutrality
I laws are entitled to considerations that relate to
, political offences alone. 1 consider it important to
' (he integrity of your own laws, important to the
| national integrity of this Government, that while
! we extend this relief from the dictates of human-
i lty, we should throw around these laws a signifi-
i cance which will preserve their force. But a few
] years since and we had this filibusterian expedi-
i tion upon our northern frontier, and citizens of the
i United States were led to the scaffold and into the
| prisons of the provinces of Canada, or were trans-
! ported to Vail Diemen's Land, to drag out their
j imprisonment there. When they were released
I by the clemency of the British Government, you
heard nothing about expending money from the
[.public Treasury to bring them back to the United
i States. They were compelled to drag themselves
! back here with the assistance of benevolent for-
eigners.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN stated the hour fixed by the
House for the termination of debate had arrived.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, I desire 
Mr. BAYLY. I have the right, after the de-
bate has closed—having reported the bill—to be
heard one hour under the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman recognized
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans]—not
knowing what motion he had to submit.
Mr. EVANS. I rise for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is in order under the rales.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hud supposed that the
gentleman was entitled to his hour after all amend-
ments had been considered in tlie Committee of
the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. He is entitled to his hour
after the time fixed for the termination of the de-
bate.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Gentlemen need not
suppose I am going to occupy an hour. I shall
not occupy more than five minutes. I hope the
bill may pass. The gentleman from Ohio .[Mr.
Cartter] seems to tllmk that our making provis-
ion to bring these prisoners home, is an approbation
of their conduct. Now, let me give the gentleman
a simple illustration, which will, 1 am sure, refute
his argument at once. It is the law of Virginia,
and I presume the law of Ohio, that when the
courts send a man to the penitentiary, and incar-
cerate him there until the expiration of his term
1 of punishment, or until he is pardoned, there shall
j be paid to him money sufficient to get him other
' clothes than those worn in the penitentiary, and
to carry linn home. This is the law, I presume,
I in all of the States. It is a matter of sheer hurnan-
! ity, and I take it for granted that it is the same in
j all of the States. After we have punished a man
 after lie lias expiated his offence—is it a crime
! to afford him money to get back home? The sim-
I pie statement is a refutation of the proposition.
I But the gentleman from Ohio says further, that if
■ we have power to appropriate these $(>,000 to
' bring home these Cuban prisoners from Spain,
. we have authority to appropriate money to carry
home the convicts from State penitentiaries that
may be turned out. Now, we would have no
authority undertheConstitution to appropriate this
money were these men in our own territory. It
is because they are in foreign countries, because it
is a matter pertaining to our foreign relations that
v. e have the power to appropriate this money. It
is the distinction that Mr. Madison took. It is
the distinction that Mr. Calhoun took in voting
for the bill for the relief of the sufferers at Ca-
racas.
As to that Caracas affair, I always doubted
the constitutionality of it, because it was for the
i relief of foreigners and not American citizens.
When our citizens are within the limits of any
| of the States, the General Government has noth-
ing to do with them. They are under the juris-
diction of the separate States, and it is for the States
to take care of them; but when they are beyond
the limits of the United States, they are under the
, protection of our Government, ana it is our duty
to take care of them. It is for that reason we
armrooriation ought to be made, uiidei the en- , ... -- - , t; n
cumstances, to promote the efficiency of those | have appropriated annually from the
^ ^ •  mnvift,. i Aftliafi ftT ovum ant to tViio fimp fl SIlTtt Ol mOBC\
laws. If the proposition were to expend money
deliver your penitentiaries, all would vote
11 to
of the Government to this time a sum of money
to relieve disabled and sick seamen in foreign
