416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 28.
countries; but no one will maintain we hare a right
to make ail appropriation to relieve——
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire, in all se-
riousness, if the gentleman puts disabled seamen
as a tender against the neutrality laws of the
United States and against 
Mr. BAYLY. 1 am now speaking of our
power. The gentleman denied our authority to
make the appropriation.
Mr. CAR.ITER. No; I did not. I am will-
ing to vote for your bill, if you will save your
laws.
Mr. BAYLY. If I had understood the gentle-
man" was not denying our authority, I should not
have spoken upon that point. I say that it is
precisely because these people are beyond the
limits of the United States; that they are not under
the protection of any State government—they
are by our Constitution emphatically under the
protection of the National Government. We hav?
the authority to grant them that relief which, were
they in the States, the State governments would
have to extend. - That is the distinction.
Mr. MEADE. I ask my colleague to give me
information upon this point: Are these prisoners
still in Spam, or on their way to the United States,
and at whose expense?
Mr. BAYLY. We have no information upon
that point. They probably are still in Spain.
They are certainly there unless some charitable
ship-master is bringing them here, or unless the
Queen of Spain is sending them home. If the
Queen of Spain was sending them home, it would
be "only decent and proper in us, before we have
that information, to make an appropriation for
their relief. We only appropriate so much as
may be necessary for their relief, and we hold the
President accountable for the manner in which he
expends the money. 1 shall not detain the House
further. I hope the bill may pass.
Mr. POLK submittted the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Nor in any wav inijily a disposition on tile part of this
irousr, to violate tile |iniieij)le unbodied in ttic Farewell
Arldrcsi of Piivulont YVa -.1)iby encouraging tlie opin-
ion that our (rovenunont wili inteifere 111 (he aiiairs of Eu-
ropean powers.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment rejected.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers upon his
amendment; which were ordered, and Messrs.
Mbacham and Caktter. were appointed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the bill, and the tellers reported that there
were—ayes 79, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose to amend;
and have only a word to say, and for the purpose
of getting an opportunity to say it, I move to add
to the hill an appropriation of jj!>00 to the widow
and children of Lieutenant Crittenden, who was
shot down at Havana.
Mr. OUR. I rise to a question of order. The
pioposition of the gentleman from Ohio is not ger-
mane to the lull under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. CAMPBIiLL, of Ohio. I then move to
strike out " $6,000" and insert " #100."
The CHAl UM A 1ST. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order, inasmuch
as kt $6,000" was put in by the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will add "$500, "making
it "$6,500." °
The CI J AIRMAW. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amount cannot be changed. The com-
mittee have filled the blank.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will make this motion:
" that the Secretary of State be authorized to make
the disbursement of the fund."'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
the gentleman had better strike out ""under the
direction of the President of the United States,"
and insert " under an a^ent to be appointed by the ;
President of the United States."
Mr. OAMPrSELL. I have no copy of the bill
before me, but will make a motion thus to amend
it. I desire simply to say that I am opposed to
this bill, and shall so vote when the question is
taken on its passage. I was in favor of the amend-
ment of my colleague excluding the inference that
we indorsed the Cuban enterprise.
I\ne CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the gen-
tleman to order. He must confine his remarks to
the amendment he offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the rules are to be en-
forced more strictly than they ever have been
before, why, of course, 1 will submit. I am a
law-abiding man, and desire to conform to the
rales. I may be permitted to say, that such an
application of the rule has never been made.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on!"]
1 should have been done before this if I had been
allowed to go on.
Mr. OUR. The rule has been enforced with
equal strictness upon other gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman in his re-
marks must confine himself to the amendment he
offered. Such was the decision of the committee
to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. After having this decision
of the Chair, 1 will prove my disposition to obey
the law and shall not insist upon debating the
amendment. Besides, I confess that for the faith-
ful disbursement of the fund if appropriated, I
have as much confidence in the officer (the Presi-
dent) selected already by the bill, as in the Secie-
tary of State. I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
whether it would be in order to move to strike out
all after the enacting clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be, if the gentle-
man offers to insert something.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make the motion, then,
to strike out all alter the enacting clause, and in-
sert an appropriation of $500 to the widow and
children of Lieutenant Crittenden.
Mr, POLK. 1 would ask the gentleman from
Ohio if Lieutenant Crittenden was married?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I don't know whether he
was or not, and 1 don't care much, as my chief
purpose is to raise my voice against this bill in a
live minutes'speech—this being the last chance,
if he was never married there will be no money to
be paid under my amendment, if it prevails. I
will add on that point, that I regard it as a great
loss if a man of such indomitable bravery and
courage as Lieutenant Crittenden, in his dying
hour, showed he possessed, whatever might have
been his follies, was not married. He ought
to have left some children. 1 am opposed to
this bill, because it provides an appropriation
of a large amount of money out of the public
Treasury, to bring back to the United States those
who are admitted by the chairman who reports
the bill, to have been criminals—to bring back
those who are acknowledged to have violated our
laws, and to have put in jeopardy the peace of
friendly nations. 1 am not m favor of making an
application of the funds of the public Treasury to
any such purpose. There are very many excel-
len t citizens of the W est who, in pursuing an honest
business—in carrying on lawful trade—in going
to New Orleans with produce, for instance, have
mot with misfortunes upon our western waters,
resultingfrom thesnags intheMississippi andother
rivers, which the strict constructionists of this
House could not consent to have taken out. They
were left there far away from their homes and
friends, without the means of returning to them.
Mr. BAYLY, of Vnginia. I would ask the
gentleman why Ohio did not provide for them ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Because our people never
ask or expect to he relieved from such inconveni-
ences by their Government. They rely upon
the labor of their hard hands and the impulses of
their bold hearts for relief. These very men who
through misfortune were deprived of the means of
returning to their families, never dreamed of call-
ing on the national Government for help. They
"worked their passages" homeward, as deck
hands and firemen on steamboats; and if we com-
pel honest people, who are loyal citizens, todo this,
I ask, what power have we—what righthave we—
what reason have we, to take the very money
which they have earned in part, and placed in
your Treasury* and over which we are their
chosen guardians, and appropriate it to the benefit
of those who are acknowledged to be criminals
before the whole world5 it seems to me that is
carrying the matter a little too far; and for one,
though 1 may stand solitary and alone, I go
against this whole system, which glorifies and
pays for violations of law, at the expense of indus-
trious, innocent poverty. These men are there—
let them get back upon their own resources. It
was a voluntary act of their own when they went
to Cuba. They went there with a full knowledge
of the dangers to which they subjected themselves
and their country, and in direct violation of the
laws of the land—in the face, too, of the solemn
and friendly warning which the President of the
United States had given them by his proclamation.
And yet, forsooth, wepropose, after they have had
a ride over the salt water, to heroize and lionize
them, to pay their wine bill, &c., and that they
should travel back at the public expense.
Mr. PENN. How does the gentleman propose
to get them back?
Mr, CAMPBELL. I have no particular de-
sire about their coming back until they earn
enough to pay their expenses, and are thoroughly
reformed. Let them work their passage, as hon-
est people do, who are away from home without
money. Let them act as firemen upon your
steamers—let them black the boots of the passen-
gers, if they please, as better men have often done
before.
Mr. PENN. How will you clothe them ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 understand the Q,ueen
of Spain has already clothed them; if not, let
them do it in the same honest way, by the labor
of their hands and sweat of their brows.
Mr. PENN. They have no clothes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They will have to come
naked, then, because we have no power to clothe
the poor and distressed out of the national Trea-
sury 
fH|re the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART. I am greatly surprised at the
position of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell.] I am not less surprised at the course of
his remarks than to learn the source from which
he ever drew his doctrine. Is any such doc-
trine taught upon the face of the earth? I ask
the gentleman, beginning with the time when the
Saviour came to this world, and coming down to
the present time, to tell me, whether he has ever
read of doctrines such as he has uttered here to-
day > I am aware that the Government of the
United States, through its Executive branch,
| went too far—greatly too far—when it proclaimed
in advance that these men were outlaws and
pirates, and thus furnished the Cuban and Span-
ish powers with grounds for treating them as
pirates—to be considered as beyond and outside of
our treaty obligations, and hence not entitled to
the privileges of American citizens.
But, sir, has it come to this, that we rise here in
our places and say, that fellow-citizens who have
been thus unfortunate are to be brought back to
their homes, to their firesides, to their friends, to
their parents, hungry, naked, outside of humanity,
outside of the protection even of God himself! If
that doctrine is to be carried out 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. "Will the gentle-
man allow me a word of explanation?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman must not
understand me as having, as an individual, no
feeling of sympathy with these unfortunate men,
who, having been misguided, may have been
placed in a situation of this character. So far as
1 might aid a fellow man in that situation—in
misery and want—1 would doubtless, as an indi-
vidual, be willing to go just as far as the gentle-
man from Michigan to relieve him by my indi-
vidual means; but when the proposition is, to vote
out of the national Treasury a fund for such a pur-
pose, I say that we have no power to appro-
priate the money of the people to alleviate even
the distresses of those who, m honest and lawful
pursuits, are reduced to nakedness and want,
much less to pay such a reward for a violation of
the established law of the land.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman did not come
to this question of power before. He did not
argue his amendment before the committee upon
the question of power. He never alluded to it,
and 1 only rose—as 1 am averse at all times to
detain the House—to repel such positions as he
assumed in his remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL then withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill by add-
ing thereto the following:
Provided, That the President of the United States «hall
send no ship of war tor the purpose of bunging back these
prisoneis.
Mr. E. said: I take it that if a ship of war was
sent to Spain to bring back these prisoners, it
would be deemed an act of intervention on the
part of this Government. Gentlemen see that I
