1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
in-gentlemen's starting back because the sum of
motley is/large. . :
Tfhen my friend makes another objection: he
was one of those, he said, who, in voting the ap-
propriation, desired to know how much they were
going to vote. No objection can be made to the
action of the committee on that point; the sum is
certainly put down with sufficient clearness of
comprehension.\ It is $33,000per trip for twenty-
six trips per annum. We did- not multiply  -
.Mr. GEYER. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him? «
■ Mr. BADGER. Certainly. '
• Mr. GEYER.: I did not object because I did
notknowthe amount of the proposed appropria-
tion; but I did state that it was because they asked
an increase of compensation on the ground that
the line could not support itself at the present rate
of compensation. 1 ask that, when lam called
on. to vote for an appropriation,- the amount of
which I know, it be ascertained that it is justifiable
by the facts, and that it is reasonable and proper.
'Mr. BADGER. I misunderstood my friend,
and I take it back again. The gentleman wishes
to know'the reasonableness of the appropriation.
Then, asl have said, if he is not satisfied with the
evidence of an average loss of near $17,000—if he
still believes there is no loss on each trip, of course
he will vote no addition. But if he believes that
it is certainly not possible to maintain that an in-
creased allowance of $.13,760 per trip can be too
much, wHen the loss wnich has been incurred here-
tofore has been an average loss- of $17,000 a trip,
amlheftce he should vote for the addition. That
is a statement of the case. However, i do not
purpose to- go into any reinvestigation of it. I only
wanted to show, that, in what had been done by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, we acted, as we
thought, in the best mode to bring this subject
fairly before the Senate. Nothing 1ms been kept
back.
One word, now, as to the subject being brought
before the Committee on Finance. It occuired to
the'Committee on Naval Affairs, that there being
a bill pending for the purpose of supplying de-
ficiencies, if the Senate and House concurred in
raising this compensation, the necessaiy result
would be, thafthere would be a deficiency in this
" half Terr's service; and as this company were
now daily pressed with large calls for money be-
yond. their receipts, and were asking, and earn-
estly entreating that Congress would furnish
them relief speedily, if they intended to furnish it
at all, in order that, if Congress determined that
they would not furnish the relief, they might
throw themselves on our generosity and justice,
to relieve them from the further prosecution of
this ruinous contract, we thought, it was due to
them, due to the justice and magnanimity of the
Government, and due to our own fair and frank
dealing, that this cjuestion should be proposed at
once upon this bill, and that the gentlemen who
are associated in the enteiprise might know the
fate to which they were to come. Therefore, the
gentleman who is a member of both the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs and the Committee on fi-
nance, brought the subject forward in the latter
committee, and they agreed to report the amend-
ment, That is the state of the case.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator from
Florida will withdraw his amendment to the
amendment. The Navy is supported by appro-
priations out of the Treasury directly. This line,
under the contiact, is supported jn the same man-
ner, by appropriations out of the Tieasury dire! t-
ly. By law, the appropriations which we make
for the support of the Post Office Department,
come out. of the revenues of the Department.
Now, does the Senator desire, to throw this con-
tract, which was made, and which is paid out of
the Treasury, just as are the naval appropriations,
and which throws no responsibility whatever upon
the Navy fund, because that comes out of the gen-
eral Treasury, upon the Post Office? I hope lie
does not; and I hope, after some little reflection,
he will withdraw his .amendment. I do not ap-
prove of this law; because I think the Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to maintain the
postal arrangements of the country, and should
make appropriations for that object out of the
Treasury. But it does not do it. The United
States require the Department to support itself.
Well, the Senator's State, and my own, are in the
' same condition; they do not pay in as much reve-
nue as they draw out for mail transportation; and
when we go to the Department and ask an ex-
tension of the accommodation to which we are
entitled, I think, upon every principle of justice
and equity, we are circumscribed by the amount
of revenue. The accommodations m the way of
mail facilities are not equal to what we should have
but 'for the existence of this law, requiring that
the revenues of the Department shall meet all the
appropriations made for it. Does the Senator de-
sire to make the mischief worse for his constitu-
ents? And there is nothing else about it. Is he
willing to separate the Navy from a seeming', and
only a seeming connection with this line, by throw-
ing it upon those who pay postage upon letters
throughout the country ? Why should it be dis-
connected from the Navy ? Is the Navy to stand
aloof, and to be allowed to go just the depth jt
chooses into the Treasury of the United States?
Are these contracts to be thrown upon the letter
postage, and preclude us from keeping it at the
low rate it now is, or even of reducing it, if the
convenience of the country should require a still
further reduction ? 1 hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw his amendment, for, if he does not,
I shall be bound to call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. Air. President, I would
withdraw my amendment with a great deal of
pleasure, if I could hear one single solitary reason
for doing so. If I supposed, for a moment, that I
would advance any great public interest by with-
drawing it, I would do so. If I supposed it would
be in the way of reducing the rates of postage, 1
would withdraw it. But it is upon the presump-
tion that the present plan is productive of great
public mischief, that 1 feel at liberty to insist upon
my amendment. Without desirmgto say a word
in this discussion as to the propriety of granting !
this immense amount to the Collins line of steam-
ers, 1 shall simply testify my feelings on the sub-
ject by a silent vote. Throughout the whole dis-
cussion, the friends of the measure have main-
tained, if 1 understand anjrthmg about it, thi<*
point: that this is a measure which, if it does not
now absolutely yield a revenue to the Post Office
Department, will, in a short time, be self-sustain-
ing to the Department. If I understand anything,
it has been maintained, throughout this discussion,
that the Post Office Department must be credited
with the postages received from the Collins line of
steamers. Not one single word has been said
about their connection with the Navy, except that, j
ultimately, in the event of war, these steamers j
might, perhaps, be of public service. Now, I
should like to know what reason can be assigned
for not transferring the contract where it properly
belongs? It is a mail contract. The moneys ac-
cruing from postages, whether paid directly orin-
directly into the Treasury, or paid into the Post
Office Department, are properly credited to that
Department. And whenever the reports of the
Postmaster Geneii.il are made up, he may very
properly enlighten the country by claiming credit :
for the postages received from the Collins hue of
steamers. But the advocates of the measure un-
derstand it so well that, throughout this entire dis-
cussion, they claim that the Post Office must be
credited with the entire receipts of the Collin? line
of steamers, and some have even gone so far as to
include in the estimate the amount received by the
Cunard line of steamers.
The reason why I desire to have this contract
placed under the charge of the Post Office, instead
of under the Navy Department, is obvious. It is
insisted on this floor, and in the other Hall of
Congress, that the appropriations for the Na^y
are increasing annually; that no benefits commen- >
srnate with this increase r.nse to the country: and
propositions are daily made to cut down our na- i
tional ships, or to withdraw them from foreign >
stations. The country, at this moment, exhibits
a singular spectacle. F>ome of the very finest ships j
of the Navy—some of the most costly ships—some '
of those which would, in the event of hostilities, j
afford thegieatest benefit to the counrry, tire rotting i
for the wa-jt of a few dollars being appropriated ■
for_ their repairs. Nov/, it is*to'calTthings by |
their proper names, that I insist upon my amend- 1
ment. It is, that appropriations may not "be made, i
year after year, and called naval appropriations^ i
from which the Navy does not derived single par- !
ticle of benefit, and, in my opinion, wii? never [
derive any benefit, that 1 insist upon it. Annually I
j there are some ten or fifteen provisions in the na-
val appropriation bill, which would be appropria-
i ted for, if no Navy existed. Investigations into
| scientific subjects, the preparation of the Nautical
, Almanac, the testing of various experiments inre-
| gard to motive power, are all appropriated for un-
1 der the title of44 naval appropriations," and from
j them the Navy proper does not derive one single
| particle of benefit.
j Now, it may possibly touch the amendment of
j the-committee in some other point of view. There
! may be a point of view from which there may be
i taken an .objection to the transfer of the Collins
j line of steamers to the charge of the Post Office
i Department. But I have yet heard no objection
I sufficient to induce me to withdraw the amend-
i ment, and therefore 1 must insist upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Florida will not be adopt-
ed by the Senate. The law requires that all the
' mail facilities which are furnished to the whole
i country shall be limited by the amount of revenue
; which the Post Office Department pays into the
; Treasury of the Government. If, therefore, we
■ place upon that Department any increased'expend-
i lture, there must of necessity be a diminution of
1 that service. -That point was correctly made and
well stated by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. I think the Sen-
, ator fiom Florida has entirely failed to answer it.
Now, if it be placed upon the Navy, and an
additional amount is required for its support, there
are no limitations regulating the expenditures in
: the Navy, which would affect the facilities which
| are furnished to the community in the Post Office
1 arrangements. If there were no other reason
* than that, it would be sufficient to my mind.
! But, in-my judgment, besides that, there is a
, more intimate connection between these vessels
' and the Navy. There are considerations in rela-
| tion to the gieat expenditure involved in their con-
1 struction and sailing which connect them more di-
lectly with the Navy Department, than with the
( Post Office Department. I think this is a consid-
| eration which should impress itself upon the mind
; of every Senator. If we are to add a million of
dollars to the expenditure of the Post Office De-
' partment, under the decreased rates of postage,
: and thereby add an additional embarrassment to
| that service, and to the country, we may fail in
preserving the rates of postage which we now have;
j while, with that increase, which it is believed by
all who have examined the. subject, will necessa-
| rily follow in time from the reduction of the rates
I of postage', the Department will be able to take
■ care of itself. If other subjects are to be added
; to it, even the rates which we now have will fail,
; and we may hope, and hope in vain, for any fur-
f ther reduction. I -hope that the amendment to the
I amendments/ill not be adopted.
| Mr. CASS. I do not think that this amend-
, ment is of any importance in itself, and yet, for
one, I have a wish that it should not be adopted.
It is very evident that it will not make a cent's
difference to the United States; U will not be of
the slightest consequence in any pecuniai v point
of view; for the money has to be puid. What is
the reason given for the amendment? Simply
that heretofore the appropriation for this service
, ha** been made in laws providing for naval oppro-
1 priation, and thaf therefore the public may be de-
| ceived as regards the matter. Now, I do not think
' that is a sufficient reason. I think every man of
| intelligence through the country, looking at the
] expenditures of the Government, and the appro-
priations, will fully understand what belongs to
the Navy proper. I think every man will fully
comprehend it. 1 cannot believe that, in that point
1 ot view, the amendment is of any consequence
whatever. But the feeling which I have against it
is simply this: I do not wish to take the character
of war -vessels from these steamers. If we retain
, tuem, in the event of a war they must be used for
' war purposes. Hence, I would prefer that they
, should remain under the control of the Navy De-
. partment, be under its superintendence, and be
j considered as a branch of that arm of the service
! of the country, to be used whenever the public
! wants require it.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to make a speech on this question. I am
too unwell to do so. But! shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Florida, be-
; cause, in my opinion, it tells the truth; because it
