THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—'TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 14, 1852.
New Series....No. 138.
$1,200, an increase of twenty per cent., and pro-
hibiting the .same persons receiving two salaries.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. SKELTON demanded tellers; which were
also not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
engrossment of the bill. Shall the bill be read a
third time ?
There being no objection, the bill was then
ordered to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. VENABLE. Is the bill engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not engrossed. The
Chair thinks that the objection to the engrossment
of the bill, under our practice, has come too late,
for the reason that the Chair inquired of the House
whether the bill should be read a third time. It
is competent for the House to determine when the
bill shall be read. The Chair at that time heard
no objection whatever.
Mr. VENABLE. I make no objection.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; but they were re-
fused.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. Before the House adjourns, I
desire the Chair to supply the vacancy upon the
select committee in regard to the discovery of
etherization, occasioned by the death of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoul.] I
make the motion that the vacancy be supplied by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it has
been the universal practice for theChairto supply
a vacancy without a morion. The Chair is obliged
to the gentleman from Noi th Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] for calling his attention to the subject, and he
will supply the place to-morrow.
On motion hv Mr. FOWLER, the House then
adjourned tiil to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. V/ALICER presented four petitions of citi-
zens of New York, [••raving that the public, lands
may be granted in limited quantities to actual
settlers not possessed of other land; which were
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, residing in New York, pray-
ing that the " homestead bill" may become a law;
which was ordered to he on the table. j
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present to
the Senate the memorial of the Scandinavian So-
ciety, of the city of NewYork and its vicinity, in
which they state that Mr. Christian Hansen, of
the city of Brooklyn, State of New York, pro-
poses to the United States Government to contract
for carrying the mails between that city and j
Gluckstadt, in Holstein, by the way of Rotter- j
dam, and to have the ocean postage on that line _
reduced to ten cents per single letter. In this :
memorial they set forth the great importance of ,
the establishment of su<h a line and of such a re- j
duction of postage. The subject is, I believe, I
under the consideration of the Committee on the j
Post Office and Post Roads. I move that the j
memorial be referred to that committee. j
It was so referred, i
138
; Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of claim-
1 ants under the convention between the United
States and Brazil of 27th of January, 1849, pray-
ing an appropriation to pay the awards made by
the commissioner appointed for the settlement of
their claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of the
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company, pray-
ing an appropriation by Congress to repair the
Long Bridge across the Potomac river: whidi was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented twenty-one petitions
of merchants, ship-niasters, and others, citizens
of Maine, praying that such beacons, spindles,
and buoys, may be placed on the Muscle Ridges
as will render the navigation safe and easy; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants and meiehants of the city of Boston; a peti-
tion of inhabitants of Swampsoof, in Lynn, Mas-
sachusetts; a petition of inhabitants of Nahant, in
Lynn, Massachusetts; and a petition of the citi-
zens of Lynn, Massachusetts; stating that there
is urgent need of a light-house on the coast of
Lynn, at the outer entrance of Boston Harbor,
for the safety of shipping and the protection of
the lives of niarineis—that many vessels have
been wrecked, and many lives lost near that place
within the few past years, and earnestly praying
that Congress will grant an appropriation for the
purpose of constructing a light-house on Egg
Rock, near Nahant; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred amotion that five thou-
sand additional copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, m relation to the
construction of a canal, and the establishment of
an armory and foundry, at the Falls of the Ohio
river, and the relinquishment of the stock held by
the United States m the Louisville and Portland
canal, be printed for the use of the Senate, re-
ported in favor of printing the same; which was
agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY WATER COMPANY.
Mr. SHIELDS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to incorpo-
rate the Washington City Water Company: which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
GENERAL SCOTT AND GENERAL PIERCE.
Mr. MERIWETHER sabmitted thefolJowing
resolution for consideration:
Rcsohw?, Tii.tt the President of the United St'ites be
leque-ted to inform the Semite what amount of public
money ha-- been paid to General Wmfield Scott and Gen-
eidi Fiankhn Pierce, respectively, from the tunc of their
fif-t entiance into the public service up to tho pio^eut date,
fliNtmjijui^hinji between regular and oxtta compensation;
aNo, lor what said amounts were paid, whether tor pay ;
propei, laiion1-, fma e, hoi^e*., niikM2f, tian-portation,
*.ei \quart'1)*, fuel, medical attendance, or (ommuta-
tion tor any ol the preceding it'jm^ Al-o, that he infonn
tho Senate what amount n; extra compcii'- anon has been
claimed b> cither, the items ol ejuh and every ciic-h chum
when tiis-t pio^ented, arid when and by whom allowed, or
rejected, and the official reason* ipvcu at the nine foi «ueh
allowance 01 rejection, and wlietnei anv item or item-,
claim or claim", once disallowed, were subsequently pie-
sented for payment; and if so, how often, and when, and
if fc-ubsequenth allowed oi paid, by whom and when, and
the ampunts thereof, and the re.wirn for such allowance
and the amounts thereof. And I hat he aho inform ihe .Sen-
ate whether eithei of the above-named generals has re-
ceived trom the public Treasury payor emoluments for dis-
charging the dune- of more than one office ot employment
at the same tune ; and if so, what officer or employment*,
and the amount of >ue!i pay and emoluments, and tiie time
when paid, ami whether atij claim or rku.n^ have been
pre-entod for the discharge of the duties of two or more
offices oi emp!o\ merits at the same time by eithei of them, i
and disallowed, and if so, by whom disallowed, when, and j
foi what reasons then given. And that be also in foi m tne 1
Senate whether either of the above-named generals has
ever, under color of charging for percentage, or for extra
compensation, or for any other reason or reason®, or in any
; manner or form, applied to his own use, or retained in Ins
' hands, any of the public funds, or property, without au-
thority of law, and if so, when, and the amount or value
thereof; and whether the amount thus applied or retained,
or any part tbeieof, has ever been repaid to the United
States, and if so, what amount, and when so repaid; and
win ther any amount of public money, or property, which
has evej come to the handf o« pos.«.esMon of eithei of them,
remains unaccounted for, and if so, in whose hands, and
how much.
MILITARY BALANCES DUE.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Jlfsnlirii. That the Committee on Military Affairs be
lii^ti ueted to inquiie into the expediency of makimr an ap-
pi<>} ! intion tor the payment ol sue]) balance as has been
leported by tho late Secretary of VVai, Mr. Poinpett, lo be
due to "Massachusetts and Maine foi disbiiHemeiiN made
in behalt of tiie United States durum the war of 1812.
EXCHANGE OF LANDS IN MEMPHIS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the
United Slates own some ten or twelve acres of
land in the city of Memphis. The corporation of
that city own some ten or twelve acres, upon
which they have a hospital. Upon the ground
! owned by the United States an arsenal was built.
The citizens of Memphis have petitioned that the
United States should convey them the land which
theGovurnment owns,and upon which thearsenal
was erected. The Committee on Public Lands,
taking that petition into consideration, have di-
rected me to make a report, accompanied by a bill,
which provides that the title of the Government to
its land may be conveyed to the corporate authori-
ties of the city of Memphis, upon condition that
the city of Memphis will convey to the United
States the land, about equal in quantity, that they
own upon which the hospital has been erected.
The object of the committee being to convert the
hospital now belonging to the city of Memphis
into a marine hospital, the property of the United
States. I am directed to report a bill upon that
subject, and f have made this statement at the
request of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] who has a great anxiety that the Senate
should consider the bill now, and pass it if they
approve of it.
The bill, which is entitled "A bill to convey
certain land to the city of Memphis on certain
conditions," was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
may I ask the Senate to consider that bill now?
It is a very simple one. I do not know that the
corporation of Memphis will accept the proposi-
tion, but 1 desire to give them an opportunity of
doing so. The circumstances are these: The
Government of the United Slates own ahout ten
acres of land within the city of Memphis upon
which an arsenal was built many years ago, but
wbnh has long since cfased to be used by the
Government at nil. The houses that were erected
upon it are going into decay and dilapidation, and
the property is certainly worthless to the Govern-
ment for any purpose for which it was originally
constructed.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will suspend
his remarks until the bill is read a second time.
No objection was made, and the bill was read a
second time, and consideied as in Committee of
I he Whole. It proposes to enact that it shall be
Li wfa 1 for the Secretary of the Treasury, in behalf
of the United States, to convey to the corporation
1 of the city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee,
! all the ground, with its appurtenanccs, owned by
■ the United States m the corporate limits of the
said city, upon which heretofore an arsenal has
' been erected', whenever the corporate authorities
of said city shall ponvey to the United States,
with the assent of the Le^islutm e of the State of
Tennessee, a good and valid title to twelve acres
of ground, more or less, upon which the said city
now has an hospital with its appurtenances, sit-
uated adjoining the corporate limits of said city;
, and also that the "rounds and buildings to be thus
: conveyed to the United States shall beheld and
j used for the purposes of a marine hospital, under
I the same rules and regulations as are applicable
| to other marine hospitals on the waters of the
j Mississippi.
