1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. JONES. Then I demand the yeas and
aSr. HART. • Is it in order to move to lay the
" motion to reconsider upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
" Mr. HART. I th.en submit that motion.
- The question was then put on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; arid upon
a division, there were—ayes^60, noes 75.-
M-r. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand tellers.
- Tellers were ordered; and Messrs; Stanton,of
Tennessee, and Cabell, of Florida, were ap-
pointed.
••Mr. McMULLIN. "Will .the Chair please to
state the question ?
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the words
44 from Tuesday, the 1st day of June,.to Friday,
the 4th day, of June,5> were stricken from the ori-
ginal resolution,and the words " from the 13th to
the 17th of May " -inserted, by a vote of the
House. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] then moved to reconsider that vote, and it
is now moved by the gentleman from New York i
[Mr. Hart]" that that motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Thequestion being again put, the tellers report-
. ed that there were, ayes 79.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CABELL. I rise to a question of order.
My point is, that it is not m order to entertain a
demand for the yeas and nays while the House is
dividing:.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. It is well taken, and the tellers will re-
sume their places.
The tellers having resumed their places, report-
ed, noes 66.
Mr. JONES. T demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table,
and it was agreed to—yeas 92, nays 88; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Al-
lison, John Appleton, ttahcock, Thomas If. Hajly, Bcale,
Bibijjhaus, Bra«g, IJieekmridge, Bujrss, Busby, L'ar-
rington Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Olias-
tani, Cleveland, Colcock, Conner, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Disney, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Faulkner, Florence, Fow-
ler, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmoie, Green,
• Grey. Hall, Sampson W. UairiS, Hart, Hascall, Jlibbavd,
Holladay, Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Ttigersoll, Jackson,
John Johnson, Kobert W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Km tz,
Landry, Letcher, Mace, Mason, McOorkle, McDonald,
McLanahan, McMullin,IVfeNair, McQueen, Molony, Hen-
ry D. Moore, John Moore, Mmpby, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Riehmdson, Kiddle, Savage,
- Schermerhom, David L. sSeymom, Sk'dton, Smith, Snow,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stevens, Alexander H, Stephens, Stone, St. Martin,Strat-
ton, Strother, George W. Thompson, Toombs, YVaid,
Addison White, Williams, and Woodward—1)2.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Alien, Averoft, Harrerc, fiart-
lett, Bell, F5iss.cH, Bocoek, Bmvne, Albeit G. IJrown, Geo.
II. Brown, Duel!, Burrow4.*, Joseph Cable, Chandler, Chap
man, Churehwell, Clark, Chn/rman, Cobb, Cottuia.ii, Cul-
lou), George T. Davis John G. Davi^, Ihmmjek, Doekerv,
Duncan, Edmurid^n, J'Jvaris, fitch, Flovd, Thomas J. I).
Fuller, Giddin<>s,Gorman,Giow. n.untlroii. flaiper, Nharn
G. Harris, Haws, Ifebard, Henducks, Henn. HrnNfbrd,Hous-
ton, Jno. VV. Howe, Thos. Y. How, J ve^, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson.George W Jones.George G. Ivimj, Pro-ton Kina,
Lockhart, Mann, Martin, Meaeliam, Miller, Millson, Mi-
ner, IVlorehcad, Newton, Peaslee;- Pennunan, Perkins,
Phelps, Polk, Portei, Powell, llobbhis, Robmson, Ross,
Sackett, Schoolcraft. Seiinv, Ornren S. Seymour, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, fchveetser, Taylor, Thuivton, Towns-
he nd, Tuck, Wallace, Washburn," Wafkins, Welch, Alex-
ander White, Wilcox,and Yates—88.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being, upon a division—ayes 28, noes 127.
Mr. JONES. I call for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
[Cries of 11 It is too late!'* <( It is too late!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, that the gentleman's demand for tel-
lers is made too late. If the Chair sustains my
point of order, I insistthat the rules of the House
be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will perceive
that his demand for tellers comes too late. The
Chair had announced the result of the vote; but
the Chair would be^lad that the gentleman would
be indulged by the House, to allow him to make
his demand. It is important, however, that the
Chair should enforce the rule when required to do
so by gentlemen.
- Mr. HAMILTON. I will state to the Chair
that, previous to his announcement of the result
of the vote that has just been taken, I rose up in
my place and called for tellers upon the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That being so, the Chair will
then entertain the demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Penn and
Chandler were appointed. The tellers, on making
a count, reported—ayes 35; deemed to be a suffi-
cent number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 89, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS— Me^'-s. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Heale, fttbjjih.m*, Bi^ell, j
Breckinridge, Brigss, Bu hv,TC. CairiujftojiCabtjIljTho-np-
son Campbell, Caittei, Caskie, Chastam, CiuircliweM,
Cleveland, Colcock, Con>/ei, Dawson, Dean, Dunmiek,
Di«ney, Doty, I>uikee, Faulkner, Fitch, Florence, Fowler,
1-lemy M. Fuilei, Thomas J. P. Fuller, Gamble. Gayloid.
Giddnigs. Gilinoie,Green, Grey, Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Hait, Hawaii, Holladay, Howard, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, John
John-on, Robeit W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz,
Landry, Letcher, Mace, Mason, McDonald, McLanahan,
McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Moiony, Murphy, Olds,
On, Outlaw, Samuel W Parker, Venn, Polk, Richardson,
Riddle, Savage, Hchermerhorn, David L. Seymoui, Fred-
erick P. s5ianto«,Riehaidfi. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
Alexander II. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stralton,
Strother, Toombs, Townshend, Ward, Add-on White,
WiJhams, and Woothvavd—&).
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Barrere,
Bell, Boroek, Bragg, Albert G. Hrovvn, Gooigc £1. Biown,
BuelJ, Bui rows, J. Cable, Chandler, Chapman, Ciaik,
Clingman, Cobb, Cottman, Culluin, Curti-, J. G. Davis,
Dockery, Duncan, Kdmund*«on, Lvan^, Floyd, Gorman,
Grow, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Haws, Uebard,
Hendricks, Hiiibaid, Horsford, Houston, J. W. Howe, Ives,
Ainhew Johnson, Geoige VV. Jones,GeorgeG. King., Pres-
ton King, XiOckhait, Mann, Martin,Mcachain,Mi)lci, Mill-
soil, Miner, HenrvD.Mooie.John Moore,Morehead, New-
ton, Peas-Ice, Pennunan, Perkins, Porter, Powell,Robbing
Robinson, Ross, S.ickett, Schoolerair, Scuddet, Scurry,
Origen S. Scyinoui, Smith, Stanly, Benianun Stanton,
Svveet&er, Ta\ior, George \Y. 'i'Jiompson, Thurston, Tuck,
Walbrulge, Wallat e, Washburn, \Vatluns, Welchj Alex-
ander White, Wilcox, and Yates—63.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was then taken on the latter mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The question was then put and carried in the
affirmative. Accordingly, the House resolved it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Hibbaiid in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
foie the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, l)eiii£ a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and furothei purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The last section of the
bill is still open to amendment.
The last section of the bill was read, as follows:
a A ml be it fmthfr enacted, That no individual *h<tfl be
peinntted to make more than ouecmiy under the ptovisions
o! this act; and that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is hciebj icquued to piopaie and i^ue such iules
and iemulations, consistent with this a^t, as shall be neees
saiy and pioper to carry iw provisions into effect; and that
the roijisteis and receivers of the several land offices shall
be entitled to receive the >arne compensation for any lands
patented under the provision- of tin? act, that tbev ai e now
entitled to receive when the same quantity of land n en-
teiv'd with mon«y to be pajd by the party to whom the pat-
ent shall be issued: Prot'vlnd, howcrei, That all persons
entering land under the provisions of tin* act, shall, a* near
as may'be practicable, in making such entries, be confined
to each alternate quaitcr section, and t<> land subject t,o pri-
vate entry :  1nd provided fuither, That notlmnjjn this net
shall be so construed as to impair oi niteifeie m any man-
ner whatevei with existing preemption rights.1'
Mr. HENN. I wish to offer the following:
amendment to this section, to come in after the
word " issued, 5,and before the word "provided,"
in the same line, viz:
One fourth to be paid at the time of making application
and filing the affidavit, a? required by the second section of
thi« act, and the remainder at the time of filing the final
pi oof: Prodded, That the whole compensation of said
officers under this and all other acts ot Congress shall not
exceed the sum of $3,000.
On yesterday I offered an amendment, the object
of whieh was to pay the officers who shall have
done the work. That amendment did not exactly
cover the case. I now propose an amendment
which I think coversthe wholecase. By looking
at the second section, it will be seen, that only
persons making an application, have a right to
one hundred and sixty acres, under this law, and
they have to file an affidavit: and an entry has to
be made in the books. Perhaps one quarter of
the work is then done, and thebalance of the work
is done at the time thefinal proof is made. Con-
sequently, it will be fair, and nothing but fair, to
pay to these officers who do the work, at the time
they do it.' The original section'as it now stands,
would not, in my opinion, authorize pay to the
officers who shall have done the woik, but those
who shall deliver the patent, four or five years
after the officers who "did the work shall have
gone out of office. This I think is clearly wrong,
and if it is the intention to pay the officers at all,
it should be to those who do the work. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment 1 have offered, will
be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that thecommittee
rise and report the bill
Mr. BROWN. Before that is done, I desire to
offer a substitute of which J have g-iven notice.
Mr. HENN. I wish to add at the end of the
section the following words, "or other valid
claims." There are individual and State claims
which mi^ht conflict with these claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not possible If there
is a vested right, this bill cannot take it away.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to move to-strike
out the whole section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. EVANS-. Then 1 make that motion; and
I do it, not for the purpose of offering any gen-
eral Yiews with regard to this bill, or for the pur-
pose of making a speech, but for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee, and particu-
larly the honorable gentleman who reported it, to
a simple fact. I have taken up the appropriation
bills reported by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on AVavs and Means 
Mr. SWEETSER. I call the gentleman to or-
der. He is not speaking to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
see whether the gentleman is in order, until he
progresses in his remarks.
Mr. EVANS. The Chair held, on a former
day, upon a motion to strike out, that remarks of
greater latitude might be made. I hope, however,
; that this interruption will not come out of my
l time.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
■ the remarks of the gentleman will be confined to
i advocating the amendment to strike out that sec-
tion.
i Mr. EVANS. The Chair held, on a former
■ occasion, that remarks were in order which gave
1 rise to a greater latitude of debate upon the motion
■ to strike out. I will confine my remarks, how-
ever, to the motion to strike out this section. The
! honorable chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means—I hope the gentleman from Ohio
; [Mr. Sweetser] will allow me to state it 
| Mr. SWEETSER. 1 do not wish to ^e cap-
tious, but I insist upon the rule being enforced,
j The CHAIRMAN, The Chair unable to
' say whether the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
1 Evans] is out of order or not, until he proceeds to
i: debate his amendment. The Chair has not intended
I to rule upon any amendment, that it was in order
! to travel beyond it in debate. The gentleman
must be confined in his remarks to showing that
i it is proper to strike out this section.
I Mr. EVANS. In order to show whether lam
! or am not in order, it is necessary for me to say
; something, but I cannot get the chance. [Laugh-
I ter.] The honorable chairman of the Committee
! on Ways and Means has reported, in the general
i appropriation bill, $971,000 for the purpose of
i continuing the survey of the public lands,
i Mr. SWEETSER. I insist upon my point of
i order. I make the point of order, that the gentle-
' man is speaking to another subject, and has com-
| mitted himself to that policy.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the Chair will not take
i this out of mv time. [Laughter.]
I Mr. SWEETSER. I make the point of order
