418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
Also, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying an appropriation for the erection of har-
bors and breakwaters in the Delaware; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARKE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Rhode Island, against restoring cor-
poral punishment in the Navy, and in favor of
abolishing the spirit ration in that service.
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs and printed.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of journeymen
cigar makers of Ogdensburg, New York, praying
an increase of the duty on imported cigars; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a mail
rout from Boonsville to Fort Smith; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, recommending the payment
of a debt incurred by the City of Sacramento in
providing for the sick, and the burial of deceased
emigrants, who arrived m that city.
Ordered, That it Jie on the table and be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Chicago,
Illinois, asking permission to make an alteration
in the Chicago river, for the improvement of the
harbor at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH submitted an extract of a letter from
an officer of the Army, stationed in New Mexico,
showing the inadequacy of his pay to defray the
expenses of his board; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial of
J. M, Browne, praying that bounty land may be
allowed to the volunteer companies called out for
the protection of the maritime frontier of New
Jersey in the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordered, That tin; memorial of inhabitants of Little E g
Harbor, on the files of ilie Senate, rWatuig to the improve-
ment of that haibor; and the memorial of the townships of
Ocean and .sinewsbury, New Jersey, on the files ot the
Senate, iehitin  to the improvement of the Shrewsbury
river, bo refeired to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial uf the first legnnent of
Louisiana volunteers, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Towa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sally Bass, heir of Charles
Pasteur, decen*ed, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Chums.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims, to
which was referred the petition of Sarah Flinn,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her
relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Oulcrcd, Thatlhe report be printed.
He also, from the some committee, to whom
was referred the petition of David Osburn, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
I-Je also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of C. H. Blood, reported
" that the prayer of the petition ought not to be
granted."
Mi. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a hill making an appiopriation, m
part, for the erection of the light-house on Sand
Key, Florida; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. H. I ask the attention of the Senate for
one moment in relation to this bill. It will be no-
ticed that it makes an appropriation of $5,000 for
the completion of the light-house on Sand Key,
in Florida. It is not a sum sufficient to complete
that light-house; but there is now a cargo of iron
lying in a vessel at that place, and there is no
money under the control of the Department to pay
for freight and charges upon it. The Government
is consequently liable to a certain daily sum as
demurrage; and I hope, therefore, that this bill
may be passed at this time.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a sec-
ond time, considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Jane Irwin, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of George Jennings and others, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of Thomas D.
Jennings.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to which was'referred the peti-
tion of John McReynolds, of Detroit, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. McRAE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill enti-
tled "An act to repeal the proviso in the act of
Congress entitled 4 An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1852, and for other purposes,'approved March 3,
1851, relating to the salaries of the officers of the
Territories of the United States;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRADBUllY, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to alter
and amend the judicial system of the United States;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRADBURY said: As the subject is one
of great interest, I will state some of the most im-
portant provisions of the bill at this time.
It proposes to confer on the several district
courts of the United States the powers and juris-
diction now exercised by the circuit courts in
their respective circuits.
It proposes to create a court of appeals, con-
sisting of the justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States assigned to the circuit where the
court is held, and the judges of the several dis-
trict courts in such circuit.
It proposes to give to these courts of appeal
the jurisdiction of cases brought from the district
courts, in the same maimer they are now brought
therefrom to the Supreme Court.
It proposes to authorize appeals and writs of
error from the decisions of the courts of appeal,
to the Supreme Court, in cases where the matter
in controversy exceeds #5,000, and when is drawn
in question the constitutionality of a law of Con-
gress or of any State. It also makes provision for
California and Oregon.
Mr. FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
William Bedient, late a sergeant in the fourth regi-
ment of artillery; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
CUBAN PRISONERS IN SPAIN.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk:
Mr. Premdent : The House of Repiesentatives have
pa>si:d a bill entitled "An act for the ichef of American
citizens lately imprisoned and pardoned by the Uuoen of
Spain; m which it requests the concurrence of the Senate.
i| MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
| A message was received from the House of
i| Representatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk:
[ Mr. Prfsidbnt: The IJou&e of Representatives have
i priced a lull providing for carrying into execution m fur-
thei part the twelfth aiticle of the treaty with Mexico, con-
11 eluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo; in which it ieque?>ts the con-
[■ currenee of the Senate.
! The bill was read a first and second time by its
!i title, and was referred to the Committee on Fi-
j] nance.
|j PAY OF OFFICERS IN NEW MEXICO,
ji Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution
I! for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to lnquiie into the piopriety of granting increased
compensation to the officers of the army stationed in New
Mexico.
THE EXILED IRISH PATRIOTS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the resolution expres-
sive of the sympathy of Congress for the exiled
Irish patriots, SmithO'Brien,Thomas F.Meagher,
and their associates.
An amendment was offered by Mr. Shields,
■which was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
'•That while we disclaim all intention of interfering in
any way in the internal affairs of the Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, we deem it our duty to express, in a
respectful manner, nur firm conviction that it would be
highly gratifying to the people of the United States, many
ot whom are natives of Ireland, and connected by blood
with the inhabitants of that country, to see Smith O'Brien
and his associates restored to liberty, and permitted, if so
disposed, to emigrate to this country. We would regard
this act of clemency as d new p/oof uf the friendly disposi-
tion ofthe British Government towards our Republic, and
as calculated to strengthen the bonds of affection now hap-
pily existing between the people ot the United States and
ofthe United Kingdom or Great Britain and Ireland."
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the fuither consideration of the resolu-
tion be postponed to, and be the special order of the day
forThursday, the 5th of February next.
REPORTS OF SENATE DEBATES.
The engrossed resolution for settling the ac-
counts for reporting the debates and proceedings of
Congress was read a third time and passed.
SALLY T. FLOYD,
UNDERWOOD. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the question
upon the reconsideration of the bill for the relief
of Mrs. Sally T. Floyd. I would remark to the
Senate, that if the reconsideration takes place now,
the bill can go among the orders of the day, and
come up for consideration to-morrow. My object
is to restore the bill to its place on the Calendar,
so that it can be taken up to-morrow, which is
private bill day.
The PRESIDENT. The motion, which lies
on the table, is to reconsider the vote on the final
passage of the bill. The Senator from Kentucky
moves to take up that motion for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on reconsidering the
vote on the passaage of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think that perhaps the
best plan to adopt would be to let the bill be re-
considered and go upon the Calendar. In this
way we shall defer whatever remarks any Senator
may think proper to make until to-morrow. I
hope that course will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT. That cannot be. If the
motion to reconsider be agreed to, the bill will come
up upon its third reading.
Mr. BADCrER. Let the vote on the passage
of the bill be reconsidered, and then the bill can
be postposed until to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from North Carolina, and hope that
the bill will be reconsidered and then postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not see any good reason
why we should reconsider this bill. It was in-
troduced by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood,] and reported by myself from the
Committee on Pensions. I thought then, and the
Committee on Pensions thought, and the Senate
seemed to think, that it was a meritorious bill.
We carried it through all its stages, it was
passed. But it was arrested by a motion to re-
consider. I suppose that on a motion to recon-
sider, it is in order for me to say a few words as
to the merits of the bill.
The husband of Mrs. Floyd was a gallant and
distinguished officer in the Army; he served his
country long and faithfully. Owing to extraor-
dinary hardships and exposures, during a long
and gallant service, he became diseased. His ser-
vices were highly valued by the Army and by the
War Department. In order to enable him to re-
cover his health, if possible, and yet remain in the
service, he was sent from post to post, as his
medical advisers thought proper, in order to afford
him an opportunity to recover, so that the Army
might not lose the advantage of his services. This
course was tried for a considerable time, until he
found that his health could not be restored so that
he could render efficient service; and although he
could have remained in the Army and continued
to receive his pay, he preferred, on account of his
ill-health, to leave the Army and retire to private
I life. He did so: and, shortly afterwards, he
