1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
died—leaving a poor and helpless family. The
proposition involved in this bill is to treat his
widow as if he had died in the service, and in con-
sequence of diseases acquired while in the per-
formance of his duties. That is its foundation,
and the committee have considered it a meritori-
ous claim. We have passed bills on this ground
several times; and I see no reason why, if the
Senate has already passed bills upon that princi-
ple, we should reconsider this vote and arrest the
progress of the bill, which, if passed now, might
go to the House of Representatives in time to be
passed there at an early day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who made the motion to
reconsider, is not nowin his seat, and that was the
reason which induced me to suggest the postpone-
ment of this motion, and suffer it to lie over till
to-morrow. If the Senate think proper to pursue
that course, I have no objection. But I wish to
make a remark upon this bill, which I will take oc-
casion to make now, and then I shall have washed
my hands of it. I believe that the gentleman who
made the motion to reconsider, although I was not
in the Chamber at the time, seemed to intimate that
this was a strange bill to come from me; for I
asked leave originally at this session to introduce
the bill. The history of the matter is simply this:
My friend from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] told
me that a constituent of mine, (Mrs. Floyd,) had
a bill, granting her a pension, passed at the last
session of Congress, but which failed m the
House of Representatives. He said that, as a
member of the Committee on Pensions, he would
introduce the hill, but as I was the representative
of Kentucky, it might be better for me to introduce
it. Believing that everything was right, and wish-
ing to serve a constituent, I asked leave to intro-
duce this bill, which had passed this body at the
last session of Congress. It was introduced, re-
ferred to the Committee oil Pensions, reported
back, and passed.
My position in regard to all these pension claims
is well known. I endeavored, during the last
Congress, to bring back the action of this and the
other House, as far as I could, to the revolutionary
rule. In a speech which I made then—to empty
benches for aught I know, though I believe some
eight or ten listened to me—I took up the pension
laws, from the foundation of the Government, and
gave a history of them, statute by statute, and
showed the changes which had taken place; and I
endeavored to get the Senate back to the original
rule established by our revolutionary fathers, and
to  et clear of the latitudinous legislation, by which
almost everybody who appeals to our sympathy
is put upon the Treasury for a support. I found it
to be a useless task. I have labored for that object
until I am tired. But I can say, without reference
to this principle, that the case of Mrs. Floyd is
more meritorious, in my estimation, than the cases
of soldiers who die of cholera—a disease which
carries off everybody—when their widows are put
upon the pension rolls.
It may be a technical objection to this bill that
Colonel Floyd did not die in the service. But it
was honorable to him that he resigned when he
was unable to render service; whereas he might
have remained in the service, and secured his pay
till the day of his death, and a pension to his
family, if he had not resigned. I look upon this
claim as a much more meritorious one than many
which we have established by precedent; and,
therefore, while Congress is disposed to act and
legislate upon the latitudinous positions which they
have assumed in reference to pensions, I am for
treating all alike. While you have set such an
example as you did in the case of the children of
a soldier the other day, to whom you granted a
pension; while you had repealed the very law by
which their ancestor would have been entitled to
receive a pension, and when you grant pensions
to widows whose husbands die of cholera, surely
you ought to grant this pension.
Mr. CLARKE. I have no objection to the
passage of this bill. I have never, since I have
had the honor of a seat on this floor, voted against
an act of clemency or charity or mercy. But the
Senate will recollect that some week or ten days
since, there was a case before them which, in my
humble opinion, appealed as strongly as any case,
and as strongly as the case recommended by my
honorable friend from Kentucky. I recollect very
well that he then objected to it, because it involved
a principle which did not come within the pro-
vision of the general law. I wish to say now,
that I have no disposition to return discourtesy. I
hope that this bill will pass. I voted the other day
for the bill, to which the Senator has alluded,
granting a pension to the children of Captain Ca~
pron, and 1 shall be very glad to give this bill my
support. But I hope that, if the bill to which I
have alluded, and m which I feel an interest, should
come before us again on a motion to reconsider,
the Senator from Kentucky will reciprocate my
courtesy, and vote with me in favor of the bill, as
an act of mercy and of justice to those who are de-
prived of the means of subsistence and suppoit in
consequence of the death of those on whom they
depended, m the service of their country.
Mr. BORLAND. I do hope that this bill will
not be reconsidered; and I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that I am glad to hear lam
say he is opposed to latitudinous legislation. I
will go with him most heartily to arrest the prin-
ciple of latitudinous legislation; but I hope he
will not begin his system upon the widow and
orphans of a gallant soldier who lost his life by
reason of his devotion to his country's service.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have already said that
I consider this case as more meritorious than
many others.
Mr. WIIITCOMB. My colleague, [Mr.
Bright,] I believe, made this motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDENT. He did.
Mr. WHITCOMB. He is now absent on
account of indisposition, and I hope the Senate
will suffer this motion to lie over until he appears.
I know7 not what his views are in relation to the
bill, but I ask this as a matter of courtesy and
justice to lum. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. WHITCOMB. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BELL. 1 believe that I introduced ori-
ginally the memorial upon winch tins bill is found-
ed. I have not thought proper to interpose any
remarks of my own in relation to this subject;
but 1 wish to say a word, as I think the Senate is
disposed to lay this motion on the table, to await j
the attendance of the honorable Senator who J
moved the reconsideration on Friday last. I j
moved to take this motion from the table. 1 sug- i
gested that, in my opinion, it came up in proper !
order among the .pnvnte bills. 1 considered that I
it was the very first question on the docket of >
private bills. The President decided otherwise.
1 think, with great respect, that he was in error.
It was a bill winch had passed its third reading,
and was finally passed, and a motion was then
made to reconsider. 1 therefore think it was piop-
erly on the Piivate Calendar.
The PRESIDENT. It was laid on the table.
Mr. BELL. Now that this bill is up for con-
sideration, 1 would suggest that it be placed on
the Calendar for to-morrow, so that it may then
come up in proper order. I propose that it be laid
over until to-morrow, and then I shall'have no |
objection to the motion to reconsider being adopt-
ed, and the bill being considered over again; and
then, if theie isfuither debate, I shall beg leave to
offer a few remarks.
I think that there is a principle involved in this
bill—a principle on which we have acted m many
ways heretofore. I am prepared to go with the
Senate, however, if they shall see fit to curtail the
latitude with which many of these claims have
been allowed. But if the Senate should not so
decide, I shall as strenuously contend that tins is
as meritorious a case as many others they have
passed on full consideration. I trust that the
course which I have suggested will betaken. I
hope the bill will lie over untd to-morrow. As i
understand, it was not strictly m order to move
to take up this motion this morning 
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it was.
Mr. BELL. I beg pardon of the Chair. If it
was in order this morning, then it will be in order
any other morning; and I will move, with the
consent of the Senator from Indiana, tnat the bill
be postponed until to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT. That motion cannot be
received. The Senator from Tennessee does not
seem to understand the position of the bill. It
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and actually passed^ then
a motion was made to reconsider the vote on the
final passage of the bill; and that motion was laid
on the table. It was not on the Calendar, but it
lies on the table; and the motion to take up
the motion to reconsider was made this morning.
That motion must first be made before anything
else will be in order.
Mr. BELL. With great deference to the Chair,
I think that if it is laid on the table, it requires a
; motion to take it up.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it does.
Mr. BELL. I now understand that it has been
taken up, and I therefore move to postpone it till
to-morrow.
ThePRESIDENT. The propermotion would
j be to postpone the further consideration of the
| motion to reconsider till to-morrow,
j Mr. BELL. That is my motion, sir.
; Mr. MANGUM. I hope the motion will not
prevail; and I hope the question will be taken at
once. I trust that the Senate will lefuse to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of this bill. From
the statements that have been made in relation to
it, f am satisfied that it is altogether proper.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
So the bill is passed.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the resolution, submitted by Mr. Foote, of Mis-
sissippi, declaring the compromise measures to be
a definitive settlement of the questions growing
out of the system of American slavery.
JMr. McftAE addressed the Senate at some
length upon this question, and in opposition to the
resolution. Without concluding, he gave way to
a motion that the Senate adjourn,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
! Thursday, January 29, 1852.
j The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
! by the Rev. C. M. Bctler, Chaplain to the Senate.
| The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
; Mr. McLANAIIAN. I have a very important
! bill which I am instructed by the Committee on
; the Judiciary to report to the House. 1 ask the
! unanimous consent of the House to present that
> report now, in order that it may be punted. I will
; state that it is a bill to regulate fees in the circuit
■ and district courts of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
i is the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
' bill for the relief of the Cuban prisoners.
1 Mr. OLDS. I call for the regular order.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask that
! committees may be called for reports.
The SPEAKER. That will be the first business
! in order after the unfinished business of yesterday
j is disposed of.
i Mr. SEYMOUR. I desire to inquire of the
j Chair if there is not a special order for to-day,
j which will preclude the call for reports of com-
; mittees?
j The SPEAKER. There is a special order, but
that is for the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanaitan] will present his re-
1 port ll there is no objection.
I Mr. SEYMOUR. I object.
j Mr. JONRS, of Tennessee. I ask that the
House do now proceed to the consideration of the
. unfinished business of yesterday.
! Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 move that the committees
- be called for reports. The call will occupy but a
short time, and it will much advance the business
' of the House.
| CUBAN PRISONERS.
j The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
S until the unfinished business is disposer! of. The
I unfinished business is the following bill, viz:
| For the relief of American em/.ens lately imprisoned and
! pardoned by the Queen ot Spam.
; Be it cnartcd by the Senate .tnd House of RcjrrcscntatUcs
\ of the L niti'd Sinter of •Aoxtucii in (Joixzycsi uwcwblctlf
That there bo, and hereby i--, npps opruui'd the Mini of 
1 doll.u or M-> much theieof.i-s may be necps-sxiiy, out of any
moiicj in the Tiorwuy not oihp) wisp nnpiopnatrd. tor thp
relict ot American citizens lutHj impiisoneu and pardoned
bv the Queen of sJpam, and w ho are out oi the innit> ot the
United States, the to Ik; expanded under the direction
of the President of the United States.
I The question immediately pending is upon con-
I ourring with the Committee of the Whole on the
