llB2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 11,
therefore the lands must necessarily be thrown
upon the market—the surveys always do and
should largely precede the sales; and a President
of the United. States fails to do his duty who fails
to consult the demand before proclaiming lands
forpublic sale. . ,
The gentleman says he does not intend to press
this amendment, but he thinks-the friends of the
bill ought to offer it. This-ia the last time I in-
tend to occupy the committee on this bill; and I
■wish to say to the friends of the bill that if they
desire to pass it, they should remain in their seats
to-day and press it forward; they should do the
voting, and let those who are opposed to it do the
speaking. It is proper, that we should finish the
bill to-day. Every consideration connected with
the business of the country demands it. Let gen-
tlemen who are opposed to it offer their amend-
ments, but let the friends of the measure stay in
their places and vote them down, and in that way
obtain an early vote upon'the bill. It is no act of
friendship to the bill on the part of any gentleman
to be pressing amendments. The bill may he im-
perfect in some of its details—I have 110 doubt
but it is. All of our legislation is more or less
imperfect. It is not to be expected that we shall
get this or any other bill perfect. We must rely
upon experience to point out its imperfections, and
subsequent legislation to correct them. Some of
the Representatives from the old States have pur-
sued a course which has forced this state of things
upon the country. . The Representatives of the
new States.have not desired this mode of obtain-
ing the public lands; they have not heretofore de-
sired the passing of this bill; they preferred a fair
and proper graduation bill. I yet prefer such a
hill; but you refused us that—you deny us justice.
The lands in the new States should long ago have
been graduated according to their true value. We
sought that, and time after time pressed it upon
your consideration. We regarded it then, and
regard it now, as an act of justice to all parties
concerned. It was justly due to your general
Treasury that it should be done. It was due to
the States within whose limits these refuse lands
are situated, that they should be allowed to go
upon the market for their value, and not withheld
because of the unreasonableness of the price de-
manded for them; and it was equally due to our
people who wanted homes in which to live and
rear and educate their families that this act of jus-
tice should have been done long since. You re-
fused us our reasonable and just demands; you
turned us a deaf ear, and you are responsible for
the error if wrong exists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I now move to
strike out all of the original bill, after the enacting
clause, and to insert the substitute which I will
send to the Chair.
Mr. SEVMOUR, of New York. Is not this a
subject of debate ? j
The CHAIRMAN. It is when the substitute 1
has been reported to the House.
Mr. COBB. I have an amendment which I
desire to propose to that bill at a proper time. I
am not certain whether the proper time to offer it
is now, or after the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Buowxl shall
have been disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. J rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to know if the substitute of
the gentleman from Mississippi has been read?
The CHAIRMAN. It has not.
. V HARRIS. Then I submit that nothing is
M order until that substitute has been read,and is
regularly before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct
unless the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. CobbI
proposes to offer an amendment to the original bill
If so, that will take precedence.
Mr. COBB. I rise for information. I desire
to know whether my amendment is in order now
or whether it is proper that I should wait until the
substitute of the gentleman from Mississippi has
been disposed of? rl
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot tell
whether tne aniendment is in order as an amend-
S offered 0nS"lal bl" ornotuntiltlle amendment
Mr. COBB. I then offer the following amend-
ment to the original bill, which I send to the
Chair, and ask that it may be read.
It was read by. the Clerk, as follows:
At the end of the bill insert the following:
See. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all of the pub-
lic lands, of the" United States which shall have been m
maiket for ten years or upwards, prior to the time of appli-
cation to enter the same under tlie provisions of this act,
and still remaining unsold, shall hp subject to saie, at the
price of one dollar per acre; and ail the lands of the United
States that shall have been in market fbr fifteen years or
upwards, as aforesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall be
subject to sale-at seventy-five cents per acre; andallofthe
lands of the United States that shail have been in market
for twenty year* or upwards, as aforesaid, and still remain-
ing unsold, shall he subject to sale at fifty cents per acre;
and all of the lands of the United States that shail have been
in market for twenty-five years and upwards, as aforesaid,
and stUI remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale at twenty-
five cents per acre; and all lands of the United States that
shad have been in market for thirty yeais or more, shall be
subject to sale at twelve andahalfcents per acre : Provided,
Tins section shall not be so construed a  toexfeml to lands
reset ved to the United States, in acts granting land to States
foi railroader other internal improvements, or to mineral
iands held at $1 25 per acre.
Src. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon every
J reduction m price, under the provisions of this a<n, the oc-
( cupant and settler upon the lands shall have the right of
I pieemption at such graduated puce, upon the same terms,
I conditions, restrictions, and limitations upon which the pub-
j he lands of the United States are now subject to the ri^htof
I preemption, until the next graduation or reduction shail
take place ; and if not so purchased, shall again be subject
to light of preemption for twelve months as before, and so
on from time to time, as reductions take place : Provided.
That nothingm this act shall be so construed as to interfere
with any right winch has or may accrue by virtue of any
act si anting pieemption to actual settlers upon the public
lands.
Src. 10. rfnd be it further enacted, That any person
applying: to enter any of the aforesaid lands under the
provisions of the eighth and ninth sections of this act, shall
he required to make affidavit before the register or receiver
of the proper land office, tli.it he or .she enters the same for
hi? or her own use, and for the purpose of actual settlement
and cultivation, or for the use of an adjoining farm or plant-
ation, owned or occupied by lmn or' herself, and together
with said cutty, he or she lias not acquired from the United
States, under the provisions of this acr, more than three
hundred and twenty acies according to th« established sur-
vey*; and if any peison or persons taking such oath or
affidavit shall swear falsely in the premises, he oi she shall
bo subject to all the pains and penalties of perjury.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that the original bill provides for the donation
of the public lands to actual settlers. The amend-
ment provides for graduating the price of the pub-
he lands, which is not germane to the object of
the original bill, and therefore not in order.
Mr, COBB. I should like to hear the decision
of the Chair upon that. It strikes me as rather
strange that this opposition should come from such
a quarter.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the impression of the
Chair, that this amendment is upon a subject dif-
fering substantially from the original bill, and he
therefore rules it out of order.
Mr. COLB, I will yield to the decision of the
Chair.
A Voice, Take an appeal.
i Mr. COBB. No, I will not takean appeal; but '
I will say that, after the amount of lands given to !
1 t1,ie °f Ohio, I did not expect tins point i
i would be raised upon me by the gentleman from ]
Ohio, [Mr. Olds.] j
[Cries of "Order I" "Order!"] !
Mi. OLDS. When the rales of'the House were
invaded, I deemed it a matter of duty to raise a
point of order.
Mr. COBB. I desire then to state, and I pre-
sume there will be no objection, that I am a friend
of the homestead bill, and ray object in offering
this amendment was not to embarrass it. I shall
vote for the bill.
[Cries of <£ Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is out of order.
Mr. COBB. Well, I can make my speech upon
some oilier occasion.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I now offer my
substitute for the original bill. :
It was read by the Clerk, as follows: j
That the laws now in force, -ranting preemption to actual 1
teueisuii lau public l.inus, sliall continue until otheiwi.se ;
oiilered bv Congress, and that the same be extended to all !
the Territories ,if the United States. j
Sec. -2. Jiiii he it farther enacted. That from and nfter I
the passage of this act, the rights of i/tee/untois shall be :
porpemated ; that is to say, persons acquiring the ri htof
preemption shall retain the same without disturbance and
without payment of any kind to the United State", bm on
these conditions: First The preumptor shall not sell, alien-
ate, or dispose of hi  or her right (or a consideration ; and
an^fh°r ?hev(?1"ntaIr),fV fbfln<tonsone preemption and claims I
anothei, no u^ht shall be acquired by such claim until thp i
claimant shall fl„t have telt.fied, inder oath?b'e™re !he i
register of the land office when the daim is preferred, that
he or che has voiunfanly abandoned ins or her original pre-
emption, and that no consideration, reward, or pawnent of
any kind has been received, oi is expected, directly or indi-
rectly, as an inducement for ^rich abandonment ; and any
person who shall testify falsely m .such case, shall be deeme'i*
SUiity of perjury. Second, Any person claiming and hold-
ing the right ot preemption ro lands under this act. may be
required, by the State within which the «ame lie*, to pay
taxes thereon ; and m case such lands itresold for taxes
the purchaser shall acquire such rights as the preeniptor
had and none other. Third, Absence of the precmptor und
his family, for six consecutive months, shall be deemed are
abandonment, and the land *ha!l, in such case, revert to tbe
United States, and be subject to the same disposition as
other public lands.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That land* preempted
and the improvements theieon, j-hall not he subject to exe-
cution sale, or other sale l'or debt; and all contracts made
in lefercnce thereto, intended in any wise to alienate the
right, or to embarrass oi disturb tlie preemptor jnhis or her
occupancy, shall be absolutely null and void.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the preemptor
may, at any time, at his or her discretion, enter tlie lands
preempted, by paying theretor to the proper officer of the?
United States one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 5.  dnd be it further enacted, That in ea.-e of the
prec-mptor's death, if a married man, his right shall survive
to his widow and infant children, but the rights of the older
children shall cease as they respectively come of age, or
when they reach the age of twenty-one years j in all cases
the right of preemption shall remain ™ the votingest child.
And in case of the death of both fattier and mother, leaving-
an infant child or children, the executor, administrator or
guardian may, upo.i submitting satisfactory pioof of that
fact to the register and receiver of the proper land office-
demand a ceitificate of title to the land =-o preempted for the
j benefit of said mrant child oi children, and mav thereafter
sell said lands, or otherwise dispose of tnero, for the benefit
of the infant child or children aforesaid.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a point of order. I un-
derstand this substitute changes the existing pre-
emption laws, and is not germane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri makes the point of order, that tlie amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Bkown] is not germane to the bill, and therefore
is not in order. The Chair is of the opinion that
the point is well taken, and that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. BROWN. I appeal from that decision. I
suppose I have the right to state the grounds for
my appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman with pleasure, if there be no objection.
Mr. HALL. I object; the appeal is not de-
batable.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the gentleman cannot debate the appeal.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose any gentleman has
the right to state the grounds upon which his ap-
peal is made. The simple privilege of saying " I
appeal from the decision of the Chair,"is no priv-
ilege at all.
flie CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman with pleasure if there beno objection.
Mr. HALL. But I do object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman can-
not proceed.
Mr. BROWN. Does the Chair decide that I
have not the right to state the ground upon which
I appeal from his decision'
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed,
by order of the House, upon this bill. The Chair
understands that that order applies to all debate
upon points of order, and therefore it is not in
order for the gentleman to discuss the appeal.
Mr. HALL. I repeat that I object to anv dis-
cussion upon the question. It is not necessary for
me to repeat -my objection half a dozen times.
Mr' BROWN. I do not wish to debate it.
Tbe CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] proposes to slate any
iact, that may fee in order as an explanation; but
matter m the nature of debate, the Chair supposes
is not in order.
M.r-BROWN. . 1 mean only to state that the
Chair is mistaken in his decision in this, that the
original bill proposes to give the land to the settler,
but the substitute proposes to give him only the
right of occupancy; and the two subjects are pre-
cisely the same, or as near as they can be.
Mr. HALL. I call the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman [Mr. Buowx] partake
of the nature of debate.
Mr. BROWN. I have this to say, that if the
friends of this bill are disposed to choke debate in
this manner, I for one will abandon the bill.
A Voice. So will I.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
