2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
for the purposes of commerce and of intercourse
between the different States of the Union, the
right to navigate the river was no greater than the
to cross the river by bridges. He main-
tained thit the intercourse which was designed to
be established by the Constitution between the
States by land, was as sacr.ed as the intercourse
by water; and he viewed it as a question as to
what sacrifices each should make to the other,
with the view to an adjustment of the case. He
insisted that the ultimate right was in Congress,
under its power to regulate commerce and to pre-
serve the intercourse between the States, to deter-
mine the question involved, as to thepreservation
or destruction of this bridge. [Mr. WVs speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interrupting )
I am sorry to interrupt the gentleman from South
Carolina, but I believe the morning hour has ex-
pired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask, then, that the House
proceed to the consideration of the report from
the Committee on Printing, m relation to the claim
of Thomas Ritchie.
Mr. HOUSTON. When that bill was reported
from the Committee on Printing, it was under-
stood by me, and J think by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Staxtow,] that its consideration
would not be pressed until the appropriation bills
had passed the House; and if T am entitled to the
floor, I would like to move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky having made the report, was recognized by
the Chair, and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to yield me the floor for the pur-
pose of submitting the motion that I have indi-
cated .
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I cannot yield
to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. T make this appeal to the
gentleman, for I do not think that he and I can
disagree about the fact. It was certainly dis-
tinctly understood by me, and I hardly think it
could hove been undei stood otherwise i>y him,
that he would not press this bill until after the ap-
propriation bilk- were parsed. When the hill was
introduced, oojp/'tjnn was made that tins day was
too 'vuly for its consideration, and the gentleman
stated m Iim remarks, that if the appropriation
bills were not passed, hp would postpone the bill
still further. Thai was my understanding about
the matter.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have to say,
in answer to my friend from Alabama, that when
I reported tins bill, t desned that it should be post-
poned until an earlier day, and a larire number of
the friends of the measure insisted upon it that it i
should be postponed to an earlier day. J put it \
off for a full wet-k, for the especial purpose o**ae- i
cnmmndahr.ir th** chairman of the Committee of j
Wayr, ant' Means. ,th the expectation tli.it by ,
that tun? the • «jricin*1 appropriation bill would ,
have been p;> ( hnd no desire or intention to i
postpone it for any other furpose than to enable ;
him to get that bill oiu ot the way. That bill is ;
now out of the way, and if tins measure is now i
taken up und a^ted upon,! brieve tint it cjn be j
disposed of m an hour. i
Mr. HOUSTON. Several of the principal ap- !
proprintion I.'lis are v>-t undisposed of, and are !
now in the ConnnWc-e or the Whole on the state j
of the Union, and i. think that the trentlenian ought
at least to allow ,nr !>"> ireulie Army and Navy bills ,
through before he presses his bill. U does seem
to me that public bills—the appropriation bills—
ought not to be postponed ro the consideration of 1
private claims. We have now very little time left.
There is no hope of getting the gentleman's bill
through m an hour, nor m a day, and m my opin-
ion it will not get through in less than a v?eek, if ;
it gets through at all. i
Mr. S FANTON. This bill was lost at the last <
session for want of time. It passed this House !
by a large majority, went to the Senate, and was j
lost there. R is important that it should be taken ;
up now and considered, and I insist upon n. '
Mr. HOUSTON. Do 1 understand, then, that |
the gentleman declines to yield me the floor' !
The SPEAKER, Redoes !
Mr. McLANAHAN. I appeal to the gentle-.j
man from Kentucky to yield me the door for one o
moment.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, sir. ,j
Mr. McLANAHAN. At the early part of this n
session the subject of the Wheeling Bridge was M
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, fhave ;i
had in my possession a report from the minority |
of that committee for some two months past; but j
it is well known to the House that we have never '<
been called upon for reports. The subject of the ;
Wheeling Bridge being now under consideration, :
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
make a report from the minority of the Judiciary
Committee upon that subject.
Mr. MEADE. I object. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky yield to me for a single word?
Mr. STANTON. I will.
Mr. MEADE. I should have no objection
whatever to the report of the minority of the Ju- i
diciary Committee succeeding the report of the
majority; and { have only to state to the House
that I was requested by the majority of the com- ,
mittee to say to this House, without a formal or ;
written report, that that committee, by a very !
large majority—I believe the gentleman from Penn- J
sylvania was alone in the minority  I
Mr. McLANAHAN. I beg the gentleman's i
pardon. There were two others of the commit- 1
tee with me. :
Mr. MEADE. I was merely about to say that
the majority of the Judiciary Committee, without :
making a formal report, have authorized me to j
state to the House that they adopt the report of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and recommend that the same bill be passed which
is lerommended by that able report. Now, I have ,
no objection to the reception of the report of the ,
minority.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask, then, that the '
minority report be received, and that it be laid
upon the table and printed. ;
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
THOMAS RITCHIE.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The report (
which the Committee on Printing have directed .
! me to make, and which is now the business before
i the House, embodies the report made at the last 1
■ session of Congress by Colonel McWillie, then ■
chairman of the committee. I hope the members of
the House have given it an attentiveperus.il. The
report concludes with a resolution, proposing to
settle the accounts of Mr. Ritchie, for the printing
' ordered by the last Congress, ,it prices fifty per
cent, less than those fixed by the resolution of,
1 3819. I have devoted some attention to the sub-
ject, and arn well satisfied, that if Congress will
pass the resolution 1 have reported, it will notgive i
Mr. Ritchie more than he reasonably deserves to j
, have under all the circumstances. No man can !
1 give attention to this subject, even for a mo-
ment, and fail to be satisfied that Mr. Ritchie, in
[ his efforts faithfully to execute the duties imposed
1 upon him by Congress, has sustained an immense
| Joss—loss which, if not made up to him by
Congress, must reduce him in his oiu age to beg-
1 gary. Colonel McWillie, in whom this House
and all who know Iiim, must have confidence, ard
I who examined the subject with very great care,
■ ascertained by close calculation, that the actual
, loss of Mr. Ritchie, upon work done for the first
se&sion of the last Congress, was $65,436. It is
, fair to presume, that the same rate of loss was
l sustained upon the work executed for the subse-
1 quent session—or in the same proportion. Mr.
McWillie, under instructions from the committee,
reported a resolution, giving Mr. Ritchie the same
prices fixed by the resolution now under consid-
, eration. That resolution passed the House by a
huge vote, and was defeated in the Senate for
want oi time to consider it.
The prices fixed by the resolution are fifty per
cent, below those established by the resolution of
1819. If members of the House will examine the
testimony taken before the committee, of which
, the Hon. Mr. Wentworth was chairman, at the
last session of Congress, they will see that these
1 prices are not considered as extravagant, by
printers of high standing as practical and intelh-
1 gent men in theirprofession.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
announcing the passage by that body of the Indian
appropriation bill; which bill, by unanimous con-
sent, was taken up and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.]
Mr. STANTON continued: Mr*. John C. Rives
was one of the witnesses examined before that
committee. He will be recognized on all hands
as a gentleman of great practical experience, and
as well informed upon the subject upon which he
testified,as any person in the city of Washington.
He says:
" Taking llie amount of work at tins, season as a .tand-
ard, and adopting the style of the work ('one by the punter^
at this session, the public puntci could afford to do the punt-
ins of both Houses, at the pneo of oup third lesv r:mi the
prices fixed by the joint ievolution of IP!9. Ho won!.] !ose
on tlie composition, but would moie than moke it an on Use
prosrf-woik.v
Here Mr. Rives refers to the chaiacter of the
work done and the quantity, and gives <t as his
opinion, that one third less, or thirty-three and a
third per cent, off the prices of 1819, would be a
fair price to pay the public printer. The same
testimony of Mr. Rives discloses the fact that
Congress has never paid its public printers, when
elected by the House, less than twenty per cent,
off the prices of 1^19. Blair & Rives did the print-
ing for the Twenty-fourth Congress at fifteen per
cent, off the prices of 1819. For the Twenty-fifth
Congress, Thomas Al'en received the full prices
of 1839. Blair & Rives rind the printing of the
Twenty-sixth Congress at fifteen per cent, off the
prices of 1819. For the Twenty-seventh Con-
gress, Gales & Seaton took it at twenty per ccm.
off, but the last night of the session, the twenty
per cent, deduction, amounting to $40,000, was
restored to them, in consequence of a belief by
Congress, that they would lose money at the
prices at which they had undertaken to do the
work.
Gales & Seaton offered to do the work for the
last Congiess at twenty per cent, off the prices of
1819, as proved by the Ron. Mr. ITajuli.y, of the
Senate, before the same committee.
Thus it appears, that at no time when the price
of printing was regulated by the standard of 1819,
has Congress paid so low a pWce as that frvd h^-
the resolution now under consideration. All th
testimony before the committee I have before re-
ferred to, goes to prove that the wages of journey-
men are now higher than then, and that -he cost
of composition is greater. Eut these are particu-
lars into which I do nor propose now to inquire.
1 desite, in view of the short time between this and
the day fixed for adjournment, to make my re-
marks as brief as possible.
If I can have the attention of the House. I will
endeavor very briefly to notice some of the causes
which have contributed to produce the losses sus-
tained by Mr. Ritchie in the execution of the pub-
lic printing. It will be seen that they have ariren
mainly from the action of Congress, and not from
; any fault of his own. The manner in which Mr.
j Ritchie became connected with the printing is well
, understood by the House, and it is unnecessary
j for me to refer to it. It will be recollected that, at
the beginning of the last Congress, tins body did
| not organize until eighteen days after the time fixed
, by law. During tins period the public printer was
: compelled to be ready ai all times to commence the
execution of his work. It was necessary, and he
I was prepared with a full complement of handp, at.
1 any moment to execute any work ordered. These
: hands were under pay, and could not be dispensed
j with.
Mr. ORR. How many hands r
| Mr. STANTON. I cannot say what number
1 of hands were then employed in the office, but 1
' suppose a sufficient numbei for a prompt and
; speedy execution of any work ordered by Con-
gress. The gentleman from South Carolina FMr.
OrrJ must be aware, that it v.vs both the interest
i and duty of a business man, having upon his
hands an undertaking of sach magnitude arj the
printing of Congress, to be prepared at t^e first day
of its session with a sufficient force to commence
I the work which may be ordered. The firs' job
i was the President's message and aec<~>mpanyim..:
I documents, constituting a large item of the work.
! Well, sir. half a month exphed before thisorany
1 other document came to the hands of the printer,
i although he was prepared at any moment to com-
! menee the printing. Here, then-was a lows result-
! ingto Mr. Ritchie, not from any fault of his own,
, but from the failure of Congress to organize.
Sir, another source of loss to Mr. Ritchie, and
