420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
state of the Union in the following amendment,
upon which question the yeas and nays have been
ordered, viz;
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed into
nn approbation of any interfeience in the domestic aff'ans
of Cuba by any of the citizens of the United States.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
91, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombte, Cbales Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Bell, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bawne, Briggs,
Brook?, Albeit G. Brawn, George H. Brown, Buell, Bur-
rows, E. Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis I). Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chastam, Church-
well, Cottmari, Daniel, Dimmick, Dockeiy, Duncan, Dm-
kee, Rdgerton, Evans, Ewijig, Fowler, Gentry, Giddwgs,
Goodrich, Giow, Hall, Harper, Hascall, Haven, Ilillyer,
Horsioid, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones,George W. Jones, George G.King, Kulms,
Loekhait, Martin, IVIason, McLanahan, Meacham, Miner,
Molony, Henry D. Mooie, Newton, Oids, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Poiter, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Sciul-
der, David L. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton,, Abraham P. Stevens, Alexander II. Stephens,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston,Townshcnd,Tuok,
Venable, Walbrid^e, Wallace, Watkms, Welch, Alexander
White, Williams. Woodwaid, and Yates—91.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Thomas
II. Baylv, fianlett, Bealc, Brair?, JBrcekcnndac, Brenton,
Caskie, Claik, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Gdnmnd.-on, Faulkner, Fickhn,
Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord,
Grev, Isham G. Hairis, Sampson W. Harris, Hait, Hen-
dnck4. Hemi, Hibbaul, Ilolladay, Houston, Howard, Inger-
poII, Ive^, Jackson, J. (iiancv Jones Letchcr, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, McDonald, MeMulhn, McNair, Mill-
son, Mui ray, Nabers, Orr, Pea-lee, Phelps, Price, itobbins,
Kohuibon, Savage, Scuriy, <ni«eu S. Seymour, Skclton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Uic-hnrd 11. Stanton, Stone, St Mar-
tin, Stiatfon, Stuart, Sweeper, Ceoige W. Thompson,
WaWi, Waid, Wileo\,and Wilduck—71.
So the House concurred in the amendment.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and having been
engrossed it was read a third time; and the ques-
tion now being "Shall the bill pasts?"
Mr. 13AYLY called for the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put.
Mr. ii ALL demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was then taken and there were—
yeas 147, nays 2:2; as follows:
\ !•) VS-A krn, Willi- Allen, John Appleton,
U ifliiiM) Apph-ron. U.il.cnck, Thoma* J{. l?a\ ly, Bmieie,
Bairleu, Bcale, Hell, Bihighain, IJoeock, Bowie, Bowne,
IJierkehluidge, (Jionton, Jtn!r«««, Brooks, Albeit (;.
>y < Hi own, fltiel!, Bin lows, Busby, E. C. Cabell
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, CaiUei, Caskie, Chandler!
( jia<t.iin, Clmiehweil, Clark. Clmgman, Cobb, Coleoek,
C'iuns  Hainrl, Dean, Dimmick, DOckcry, Dunham, Dur-
kee. i'..mtman. lidimimUon. Evans, Faulkner, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Hemy M. Fullw, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
(-enii j, Gnodiuh, Goiman,<;n;y, Harper, Isham G. Ham>,
Samp^m W. [lurii , Ij.ut, Flaws, Hawaii, Haven, Hend-
V/ Ihbbard, Horsford, Houston, Howard,Thomas
Y. How, Hunter, limei«-oll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins. An-
d:ew .((jtm-'on, .fame-, Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, Geor"e \V. Jones J. ClancvJonos,George ( . Kin"
kuhn;. het.-'H i, li<>( Miait, Edward C. Marshall, lluin-
p.nev MuMull. Ma,tin. Ma<ni,. McDonald, McLanahan,
i\ "\r" A31II pi , \l1JImmi, Molony. Hen-
\> i /'w'1 « Mu"n'< M'KiMm, Murphy, Mmta\,
N'ahei >, old-. Outlaw
J'oriej, I'm, ItKhiic, R,
SehooN'v.iit, Senny, I).
mour, HR-hon, Smatl, >
\ndrew Patkei, lVa>J
>! in>, Kobim-un, S.iekeit,
vid L. Se\ mour, ()t igen
:anlv, Predenek P. Si,mtn>> I?., i>.
Polk,
a\ age
Allen, Alison, Averett, Lewis
and \'.u<
NA\ —Me->rs. Chai
I). Ind^crton, l'V^wh'r/G^yloVd.Gukini's;.^
.> ' T. . li'nvoi M^^aeham, .\r< vvton, Otj, Pholn^
Ahr.h-' S,nith- WcnjamiuStanton
Abt.thani J . Steven.-, <md V\ ood\\anl—*22,
So the bill was passed.
Pending the announcemejii of the rote, Mr
IIulladav, who w;is witliout tlie bar when his
name waft called, asked permission to record his
vofe in the negative.
"rawedtl0n WaS lna('e' ancl consent was not
thh-nti!i!'YLK'kf moved ,fl reensider I
thp the hill was passed, and to lay
ue? n «L reconsulf  Pon the table; which !
idttu motion w<is agreed to. '
1 he bPEAKER. Reports are in order from !
the Committee of Elections. i
INTERVENTION. !
ti JI£r ■RR-\GG- 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present certain resolutions of the '
Lcgis.rtture of Alabama upon the subject of inter-
TP'";* °f this Government in the
sffairs of foreign nations.
[Cries of "I.object!" "I object!"]
Mr. BRAGG". I move, then, to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. It is no£ in order to moye a
suspension of the rules for such purpose except on
Mondays.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow," and ordered,
together with the reports thereon, to be printed,
viz:
A bill for the relief of Charles S. Matthews,
Charles "Wood, and James Hall; and
A bill for the relief of the leg'al representatives
of Geneial James C. Watson, late of the State of
Georgia.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise for the purpose of
giving notice that the report made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Dwikt.,] in the
case of the late General Watson, was not an unan-
imous one, and that I intend to present a minority
report.
On motion by Mr. DANIEL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims, to winch was
referred Senate bill No. 4J, tor the relief of Chdileb Mel-
rose, and Senate bill No. 50, for the relief of Sidney 8. Al-
cott, be disehaiged fioin the further considciation of the
same, and that they he refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bdl for the relief of Osborn Cross, of
the United States Army; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and, with the report
accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported the following bills;
which were severally ieud a first and second time
by their titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
j morrow, and, with the reports accompanying, or-
I dered to be printed:
A hill to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire in the city of New York, in
18-15; and
A bill to authorize the issuing of a register to the
bns: America.
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the same committee,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that U do pass, Senate bill No. 67,
entitled " An act for the relief of John A. Mc-
Graw, of New York*," which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
it was
Oidcrcd, That the Committee of Chums be disrbai«-ed
iiom the lutflici coiisidejation of the memonal of sundry
ciii/.ens of i\otth Catohna, piav mg Congress to pn^s an act
to appiopnaio the dividends upon the -tuck of ihe Trn,ted
Mates in the Dismal Swamp Canal to the extension of said
'in'd'c aril. U re!(>ne^ to the Committee on Roads
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
lioin the luither consideiation of the nieinonal ot John II.
1 arker, and othei citizens of PeimsvJvvmia, prayin^ Coa-
to pass a law to prohibit the banishment and deporta-
tion ot emigrants homloteign oomitnosto the United Status,
ami ot all convicH, lulons, and paupers, recognized as bucli
,1 ,c"!umj> a,lcl tllat " be leleneil to the Com-
mittoe on the Judiciary.
Ml'. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, asked that the said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
sundry citizens of Ontario county, New York
piaymgfoi the passaged a law to reimburse them
*oi tiie expenses incurred for individual contribu-
tions to the mdustiial exhibition m London, and
tlmt the same be referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the me-
morial upon the table.
Mr. MOUR. I wish to say but a single
word m reference to that motion. Very many
petitions of tins character are being presented,
and I think they should go to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. SWEETSER called for tellers; which
were ordered.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. X do not think
this question, ia at all understood, and I asic that
this memorial may be read, that we may vote
underetandingrly.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen will come to
order the memorial will be read.
The memorial was then read by its title, ant?
the Clerk was proceeding to tead the body
thereof, when
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: I doubt if
the reading of this memorial can be called for;
for this memorial, under the rules, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce; and that com-
mittee has not acted upon it at all. It is now
virtually presented to us anew, the same as if it
had been presented to the House by an individual.
The committee to which it was originally referred,
think it proper that it should be referred to the
Committee on Manufactures. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] that, as
the memorial has not been acted upon by any
committee, to lay it upon the table would be vir-
tually rejecting it by us, without giving it any
consideration. I hope he will withdraw his
motion, and let the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish further to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio, that a very large number
of these memorials have been presented from all
quarters of the country, and they deserve a respect-
ful consideration from some committee of the
House.
Mr. SWEETSER. I made the motion on the
supposition that the subject had received considera-
tion by the committee. In view of the suggestions
made, I withdraw my motion to lay upon the
table.
The question was then taken upon referring the
memorial to the Committee on Manufactures, and
it was so referred.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Wm. S.
Payne; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. St. MARTIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the lurther consideration of the memorial ot'J Cliiek-
ering, and others, of Massachusetts, and the petition ofM-
A. Boiqras, piaymg for the passage of a law to reimburse
thorn for the expenses incurred in making contributions on
individual account to the industrial exhibition at London,
and that the same be referred to the Committee on Manu-
factutes.
Mr. WALSH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported " A bill for the benefit of the
Carmelite Nunnery of Baltimore;" which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. WALSH. I hope this bill may be now
put upon its passage. It is for the remission of
duties upon goods imported for Church purposes ~
There is a number of precedents in the action of
Congress for this proceeding.
Mr. ORR. I move that it be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. WALSH. Well, if that is the desire of
the House I acquiesce.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Oh no, let us
pass it now.
Mr. W"ALSH. Very well. Let the bill be
read. There has been a dozen acts of Congress
within the last five or six years for remitting duties
upon such goods.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion to commit.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The SPEAKER. When shall it have its third
reading ?
Several Voices. Now.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. WALSH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. WALSH, from the same committee, re-
potted "A bill to authorize the issuing of a
register to the ship Kossuth;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of
the day for to-morrow, and, with the report ac-
companying, ordered to be printed.
