1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
Chair, if the information is in his possession, if
this same amendment, or one of a like character,
was not offered to a bill of a like character, in the
Thirty-first Congress, and it was not then ruled
out of order?
Mr. HALL. I call the gentleman fx-om Vir-
ginia to order.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question for
the Chair to. decide. The question now before the
committee is upon the appeal taken by the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. Do I understand the Chair
to decline to answer?
A Voice: Order! Order! I call the gentleman
to order.
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be in order for
the Chair to debate this question, any more than
for any other member of the committee. That
matter relates to a point of history, which is argu-
mentative, and not a question of order.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask for tellers
upon the appeal.
• Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Brown appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 66.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the
Chair is overruled, and the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brow.v] is
decided to be in order. The question now is upon
that amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I do not intend to detain the
committee even with a five minutes' speech, for I
am as anxious as other gentlemen can be that we
shall dispjose of this question to-day. But I am
anxious, sir, that the American Congress, in dis-
posing of the public lands, shall at least protect
the persons who are the recipients of this bounty
against imposition. It does seem to me, sir, that
if we' give the occupant the right to settle upon the
land, and to remain there so long as he chooses to
remain, we shall have accomplished all for the set-
tler that the most benevolent could desire. You
secure him in the possession of a home—you se-
cure him in a position against his own profligacy,
against his own misfortune, and against all the
■world, including himself. It is his home; from
■which he canno.t be turned out, under the provis-
ions of this substitute. If you give him tne title
to the land, you expose him to be turned out by
misfortune, by waste, by profligacy, and in a
thousand ways; and then the land which you have
given to him is gone, not only from the Govern-
ment, but from the recipient of the bounty.
As I said in a speech I made a few days since,
I do not stand here for the purpose of giving men
lands to pay their debts with, but I stand here to
protect men, as far as I can, against misfortune,
and against their own wasteful profligacy, lam
ready to give them a home upon the public land,
and secure them in the possession of it so long as
th'ey think proper to remain there; and whenever
they think proper to own the soil, in their own
right, I am for taking the money from them, as I
■would from anybody else.
.Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me, I would ask him what, in his opin-
ion, a tract of land of one hundred and sixty acres
is worth, supposing the settler has been on it ten
or fifteen or twenty years ? How much is it
■worth aside from the labor which lie has put upon
it?
Mr. BROWN. That will depend altogether
upon the'quality of the land, and its location. If
it happens to be on a navigable stream it may be
•worth twenty dollars per acre. If it be in the bar-
ren pine lands it will.be worth nothing. If it be
■worth twenty dollars per acre, then the occupant
can hold it at one dollar and a quarter per acre
and pocket the profits, as he ought to do, and as
he ought to be secured the right to do. But if it
bea piece of barren pine land, remote from market,
and of no value, he can remain upon it ten, twenty,
or a hundred years, without buying it at all.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] if it is not the labor which
the settler may have put upon his tract of land,
and the labor which others put upon the land in
the neighborhood, that gives the land its value,
and .not the location ? I ask him to say what are
the public lands in the new country worth where
there are no settlers?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALL. I wish to prevent discusSon upon
this proposition. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move a substitute for the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. A substitute is in the na-
ture of an amendment, and is itself amendable.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I offer as an amendment,
by way of a substitute for the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
what I send to the Speaker's table.
Mr. BROWN. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman proposes to strike out the whole
of the amendment proposed by me. That, I think,
is out of order. He cannot strike out the whole
of it, because it is equivalent to a vote upon the
proposition itself, which is not an amendment to
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion of the gen-
tleman was simply to strike out the whole of the
original amendment the Chair thinks it would not
be in order, but as he proposes to strike out, and
insert a substitute, the Chair thinks it is in order.
The Clerk then read the substitute offered by
Mr. Harris, as follows:
Seu. 1. Jim) belt farther enacted, That all of the lands
of the United States iymg within any State of this Union,
which weie subject to entry on the first day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, and have not since been sold,
shall be subject to entry for actual settlement and cultiva-
tion, for any quantity not exceeding one,hundred and sixty
acres, as follows, viz: all of such lands which, on that day,
had been subject to entr> ten years and not exceeding twenty
years, may be entered, under thi^ act, at the price of one
dollar per acre ; all of such lands which had been subject
to entry twenty years and not exceeding thirty years, may
be entered at the price of seventy- five cents per acre ; all
of cuch lands which had been subject to entry thirty years,
may be entered at the price of fifty cents per acre ; all of
such lands which had been subject to entry less than ten
years on said first day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, which shall not be sold under the existing laws within
ten years thereafter, shall, after that time, be subject to
entry as aforesaid, at the piice of one dollar per acre. And
when any of the aforesaid lands shall have remained ten
years subject to entry, at any of the reduced rates aforesaid,
without being sold, the price thereof for entry under this
act, during the next ten years, shall be reduced twenty-five
cents per acre; and such reduction of twenty-five cents per
acre continue to be made every ten years, until &uch lands
shall be sold, 01 the price thereof be reduced to twenty-five
cents per acre. And on any day appointed as aforesaid for
the reduction of the price of the said public lands, any other
lands of the United States, lying within the said Stales, not
subject to entry on the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-ono, winch shall have been subject to entry ten
years or upwards, ou any such futuie day for reducing
prices as aforesaid, shall be subject to a like reduction of
twenty-five cents per acre, which reduction shall be re-
peated every ten years until the land shall be sold, or the
price reduced to twenty-five cents per acre : Provided, how-
ever That no land thall be considered as entered under
this act, unless the price at which it is entered is less than
one dollar and twentv-five cents per acre: Aad jn-ovided
further, That no alternate sections or mineral lands which
have been or may be reserved by the United States, shall
be entered under this act.
SiiC. 2. Jind beitfurther enacted, That the person making
entry or application for entry under tins act, at a price less
than one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, shall first
make an affidavit before the register or receiver of the land
office where the entry is proposed to be made, that the said
applicant enters- and proposes to enter the same for his own
use and benefit, for settlement and cultivation by and for
himself or heiself, and that the said applicant has made no
entry under the provisions of this act, which, with the addi-
tional entry then proposed to be made, will make the whole
quantity so entered and proposed to be entered exceed one
hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a point of order, which
is, that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
Its object is precisely the same as that proposed
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to
graduate the price of the public lands; which was
ruled out of order. ,
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The object of
the amendment is to change the mode of dispos-
ing of the public lands, which is the object of the
original bill, and is, therefore, certainly m order.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman from Ohio
makes a question of order that the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to
the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is not in order, it being not germane to the
subject of the substitute. . .
Mr. CLARK. I wish to ask the question if it
is not as much in order as that to which it is pro-
posed as an amendment, which was ruled to be in
order by the House, when an appeal was taken
from the decision of the Chair, deciding it to be
out of order ? .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave of
the committee to state that, but for the recent de-
cision of the Chair being overruled, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi was out
of order, it would be the individual opinion of
the Chair that the present amendment is not in
order. The Chair understands the amendment of
the gentleman from Mississippi to provide for a
system of preemption, and that of the gentleman
from Tennessee in effect a system of the gradua-
tion of the price of the public lands to actual set-
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The Chair
misunderstands the amendment of the gentleman
frogi Mississippi.
Mr. OLDS. The motion is to strike out the
amendment which the committee ruled to be in
order, and to insert this of the gentleman from'
Tennessee, which is of the same nature as that
presented by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] and ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair, in accordance with the spirit of the decision
of the committee, which he thinks it is proper
and his duty to respect, that the amendment of
the gentleman is in order, and he so decides.
Mr. OLDS. From that decision I take an ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee ?
The question was then put, and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 66, noes 56.
Mr. MASON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brown and
McDonald were appointed.
The question was again put, and it was decided
in the affirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes
68, noes 55.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I do not know,
sir, with what favor the amendment I have offered
may meet in this committee. It indicates, how-
ever, very clearly, my own views as to the proper
policy of this Government respecting public lands,
and I think it should be adopted.
By adopting the policy of this amendment,
there will be several important objects obtained—
the first of which is to bring within the reach of
every industrious citizen of the United States
a home at a price so low that he may obtain
and make his own, avoiding the doubtful ques-
tion as to the constitutional power to donate the
public lands; and also the question (of equal
doubt, in my mind) as to the policy of giving the
public lands that belong to all the people of the
United States to a portion of the people of the
United States. Each of these questions of doubt
are avoided by the adoption of my amendment.
Theprices of thelandare reduced twenty-five cents
per acre for every ten years they have remained
in the market subject to entry, until they, are re-
duced to twenty-five cents per acre, a rate at
which, I think, all men may obtain a home with-
out much difficulty, in any part of the United
States. The amendment, in another point of
view, is, I think, worthy, of the favorable consid-
eration of the committee. It is certainly very im-
proper that lands of all qualities, varying as they
do in quality and value, should be held at the
same price, and anything that approximates fixing
them at prices in accordance with the actual value
is certainly just and proper. I know that from
the length of time that lands have been held in
the market, subject to private entry, is not an ac-
curate or infallible standard of value, but it ap-
proximates as nearly to it, in my opinion, as any
other policy that is practicable that we can adopt.
Of course, when the lands are thrown into mar-
ket, all subject to entry at the same price, the best
lands are invariably first selected, leaving the
worst lands longest in the market.
Under the provisions of this amendment, it will
be observed that none but the actual settler can
avail himself of the reduced prices or graduated
rates. Before he can make an entry under the
provisions of this bill, he must show that the
entry is being made for the purpose of actual set-
tlement and cultivation, and he is limited in quan-
tity at theserates, to one hundred and sixty acres.
The lands are held subject to entry by persons
other than actual settlers at the minimum of $1 25
an acre, thus securing them at low price to the
actual settler, and at the same time, withholding
them from the control of the speculator.
For these, and other reasons that I cannot give
within the limits of a five minutes' speech, I have
thought proper to offer this amendment, reflecting
