1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the Com-1
mittee on Commerce, reported " A bill to regulate I
and fix the annual salary of the American Consul •
at the city of Amsterdam;" which was read a first i
and second time by its title. i
Mr. S. I move that the bill be referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order i
of the day for to-morrow, and that the bill and
report be printed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. That subject is now ,
before the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ;
I move its reference to that committee. i
Mr. STEPHENS. I will change my motion,
and move that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole upon the state of the Union, and be
printed.
The question was then put upon the latter mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
.Lands, to which was referred the following joint
resolution of the House, viz:
Joint Resolution Mithorizmsi the location of militarv bounty
land warrants on the public lands now subject and here-
after to be subject to entry at private saie under existing
laws.
Resolwd, <Vc., That any land bounty for militarv services
granted by the act of the twenty-eighth day of September,
A. D. 18."iG, entitled An net gtanling bounty land to ecr- >
iam officers and soldiers who have engaged in the military I
service ot the United States,'" (or by virtue of ony other act \
of Congress heretofore passed granting laud bounty for j
military s er vices J may be satisfied out of any public land |
now subject ami hereaftci to become suljeH to entry at pri- 1
vuie sale, at the minimum prieo, under existing laws— I
Reported the same back with an amendment in
the form of a substitute, which was read as fol- !
lows, viz: |
A Billm relation to Military Bounty Land Warrants. j
Be it cnactcd. #c., That land warrants issued under the '
act entitled " An act granting bounty land to certain officers '
and soldiers who have engaged in the miittaiy service of the ■
United States," approved September 28, 1850, may be loca- ■
led on any public land subject to private entry auhe date of i
the proposed location : Pro That when any such war- i
rants shall be located on public lands subject to*private en- i
try at a greater minimum than one dollar and twenty-live j
cents per acre, the locator of said warrant or wai rants shall 1
pay to the United State*, in ea*h, thedifferencebetweenthe ;
value of sasd warrantor warrants, estimated at one dollar i
and twenty-five cents per acre, and the minimum price of j
the tract located on. i
Mr. HALL. I move that the bill and substi- j
fcute therefore be referred to the Committee of the i
Whole on the .state of the Union. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I hopp that the ,
bill may be put upon its passage, i would in- 1
quire of the Chair if it be 111 order at this time to |
offer an amendment to the substitute?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer be ,
voted down it will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to commit, to enable me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the reading of j
the resolution and substitute reported by the Com- j
mittee. ;
The Clerk having read the resolution and sub-1
stitute, j
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to amend the substi- j
tute by inserting after the word "cash," the fol-
lowing words, viz: "Or warrants at $1 25 per 1'
acre, at the option of the locator."
Mr, G. I will simply state my object in offer- r
ing that amendment. I offered the joint resolu- '
tion for which the committee have reported this '
bill as a substitute. The object of the joint reso- ■
lution was, in the first place, to take off the restric-
tion which the act of the last Congress imposed
upon the location of warrants. I am not, how-
ever, satisfied with the other provisions of the bill. >
And as the bill reported by the committee fully
embraces the object intended to be effected by my
joint resolution, so far as releasing the warrants
from the restriction which was imposed upon ;
them by that law is concerned, I feel satisfied :
that the bill should take the place of the resolution, .
of which it is the substitute. !
The committee, in reporting the substitute, pro- '
vided in those cases where the minimum piice of
lands was $2 50 per acie that the locator in lo- ,
catmg the warrant should pay the balance after ,
the $1 25 in cash. My object in offering this ,
amendment is to permit the locator to enter all
that description of lands, the minimum price of;
which is $2 50 per acre, with warrants, it he de-
sires to do so; or if he desires to enter $1 25 with
warrants, he can enter the balance in cash, if it is
convenient for him, or if he desires to make an
entry in that way. I desire now that this bill
should be put upon its passage. I do not see the
necessity of any delay with regard to this ques-
tion. I do not see that it is in any way connect-
ed with the matter which is contained in another
bill already before the House, which is, I believe,
made the order for to-day in Committee of the
Whole. I am opposed to tacking so many meas-
ures together; but as this stands upon its own
merits, and is not connected with any other ques-
tion, and as it is necessary that this restriction
should be taken off the location of warrants, I
hope that the amendment I have offered will meet
with the approbation of the House, and that it
will be adopted. If there are no objections to the
law upon its merits, I trust that it will not meet
with opposition from any quarter.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Suppose,
for instance, that the amount of land he proposes
to enter would not consume the warrant, for in-
stance sixty acres 
Mr. CAMPBELL. My proposition does not
intend that the rule which governs the location of
warrants shall be changed or altered in any way;
it only permits land, the minimum price of winch
is $2 50 per acre, 10 be entered with warrants. For
instance, an eighty acre lot can be entered with a
one hundred and sixty acre warrant. As the biU
now stands, only one half of the tract of land can
beentered with a warrant, the other half must be
paid in cash. The object of my amendment is to
permit the entire tract to be entered with icarrants
or cash, as the locator may prefer. The number
of acres entered must, of course, correspond with
the number of acres contained in the warrants pro-
posed to be located. In grants whirh have been
made to States—the minimum price of public lands,
or of alternate sections, retained by the Govern-
ment out of these grants, has been raised to $2 50
per acre—those lands, for instance, which have been
reserved from public sale, and which are not sus-
ceptible of being entered. "When that limitation
or that reservation is taken from those lands, I
desire that they may be entered with warrants, for
the purpose of enabling the purchaser of those
lands, or the locator of lands, to enter them with
warrants, if they desire to do so. I have offered
this amendment that they may be enabled to enter
an eighty acre lot of land with a one hundred and
sixty acre warrant. That will make the eighty
acre lot worth $2 50 per acre: and if they desire
to enter them with warrants merely covering the
amount of land which they are enabled to enter
under the warrant, they can then pay the balance
in cash, if they wish. I think this amendment
perfectly secures this object. And unless there
are some serious objections to the merits of the
bill—unless there are some serious objections to
relieving the. location of land warrants from the
limitations and restrictions which the law of the
last Congress imposed upon them, I da trust that
it will meet with the approbation of this House to
allow the amendment I have offered, and then to
permit the bill at the present time to pass to its
third reading.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. T move to refer j
the bill and amendments to the Committee of the 1
Whole on the state of the Union. There are two j
propositions before that committee already, upon ;
the same subject, made the special order for to- '
day; and I trust the House will refer this propo-
sition to the same committee, so that they can
have before them all the different propositions that
have been made upon this subject. I trust the
House will act upon it without fuither debate, in
order that we may proceed with the call upon the j
committees for reports. I will not move the pre- j
vious question. I
Mr. FOWLER. I supposed it was under-
stood, that we were to offer reports which should '
not give rise to debate. Perhaps debate is in
order, though 1 doubt it. i
The SPEAKER. The call for reports was
the busines in order during the morning hour.
Mr. FOWLER. Is it in orderto debate a prop-
osition ? |
The SPEAKER. Upon a proposition to refer,
it is.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was upon referring
the propositions to the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union.
The question was then taken, and the proposi-
tions were so referred.
On motion by Mr. HALL, the propositions
were ordered to be printed,
Mr. I1ENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with sundry amendments,
House bill No. 14, for the correction of errors in
the location of military bounty land warrants, and
the entry of lands; which \\ as referred to the Com-
mitiee of the Whole on the state of the Union,and
with the amendments ordeied to be printed.
Mr. HENN also, from th e same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 124, "to revive and
continue in force for a limited time the provisions
of an act relating to suspended entries of public
lands," with sundry amendments thereto; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, reported a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses, " passed March 3, 1851.
Also, a bill from the same committee, to pro-
vide for the security of mail locks, mail keys, and
other property of the Post Olfire Department.
Which bills were severally read a fust and sec-
ond time by their titles, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, imported
a joint resolution for the relief of Eh/.abelh Pruett,
the widow and executrix of Robert Pruett, de-
ceased.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title, and then, after a brief explana-
tion by Mr. Olds, was, by unanimous consent,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and
subsequently being engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
Mi. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the resolution, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill No. 88, for the relic.' of liufus
Dwinel, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; which bill was refened
to a Committee of ^ho Whole House, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. OLDS, it was
Ordered, Thatthe Committee on the Poq Ofiice and Post
Roads ho discharged from the fuither eonfulvinium of the
momoualot John Lowiy and siUy-ei^ht other local votcis of
Caiver and Plymouth, in the State of Vfa^achiHetN, pray-
ing loi an appiopriation lbi the expended ot tian^poitatioa
of {he mails, and that the memonali-ts he allowed to wilh-
diavv the papers from the file.-- ot the flouse.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, reported
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po.st Office and
Povt Jtoad< be authoiized to employ ac-Jeik, at the usual
rate ot compensation.
Mr. O. said: I will say to gentlemen that if they
wish their business with rcgaid to post offices at-
tended to, they must allow us this clerk, for that
business is accumulating so rapidly that it is ab-
solutely necessary we should h ive this assistance.
I believe that it would expedite the business of the
House and be a saving of money to the country
if these important committees weie allowed to em-
ploy clerks. 1 move the previous question on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 appeal to
both the gentlemen to allow me to offer an amend-
ment to that resolution, which f believe would be
in order. The Comnnttes on Naval Affairs have
instructed me to report a similar resolution, and I
should like it to share the same fate as this.
[Ciies of " No, no !"]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Nov/ York. I wish to
say, m behalf of the Committee 011 Commerce,
that they very much need a rdoj k to expedite their
business, and that some time since they instructed
me to iepo)t a resolution similar to this.
Mr. FICKLIN called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, inquired of the
Chair whether the morning hour had expired?
