1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
which is not properly considered by the House,
was the delay in receiving the money due him for
work executed. By the terms of his contract, he
was entitled to pay upon the delivery of his work.
In this particular, Congress has not complied with
its obligation with Mr. Ritchie, and he has been
driven to make sacrifices to procure money to
carry on the public work, when he had a right to
expect it from Congress. Every practical busi-
ness man knows what sacrifices are necessary to
raise money on a sudden emergency, no matter
how solvent the borrower, or how sufficient the
securities. Mr. Ritchie, before the end of the
fiscal year,found thecontingent fund of the House
exhausted, his resource's cut off, and himself
driven into the hands of brokers and others to
procure money, which it was the solemn duty of
Congress to have provided. Nor is this an unu-
sual thing. The present contractor for the public
printing has tins very session of Congress been
subject to the same wroni-?. anu required from the
necessity* of the case to rnuke the same sacrifices,
tie, Uwj has be$>n depnved of his pay for want of
funds, and been compelled to borrow at high rates
of interest, when it was our duly to make provis-
ion so us to secure him against such a loss.
But it is not only in these particulars that Mr.
Ritchiv has suffered at ihe hands of Congress, and
for want of uji'st and liberal spirit upon the port
of this body. Let me direct the attention of the
House for a few moments to its own illiberal ac-
tion in regard to him. in the contract of Mr.
Ritchie there was one provsion exceedingly favor-
able to him, as il allowed him very high prices
for any work which ini<iht 'he oideied under it.
The oilier provisions of the contract were against
him, Sjicau^e the priccs weie exceedingly low,
even b Jow the cost of the work. It was not Mr.
Puchn-'s f'ult ♦hat this favorable clause was in
the contract. His assignee made the bid, and it
was accepted by the officers of Congress. We
cannot now, if we have a single sentiment of
honor in our hearts, repudiate the provisions of
the con> i favorable to him, and hold him to a
rigorous .'ompiiunce with those which are oppres-
sive. i hope there is not j man on this floor who
would uo him so  rieat injustice, ft will be done
unless we reverse the actum of the House, and
adopt the resolution now helV^e us.
Sir, we or der^d, unrng the last Congress, thirty
thousand copies < f the proceedings of Congress
upon the dentil of President Taylor. We forced,
by our action, and against his remonstrances, the
public printer to execute them. This work, un-
der the favorable clause of his contract, which
pays him two dollais per page for such work, for
every hundred copies, amounts to about $60,000.
No lawyer who examines the contract can doubt
this, No business man who gives the subject his
attention can. for a single moment, hesitate as to
fhhs os-nsti uction of ihe instrument. The officers
of the Mouse, who have charge of the subject, as
V* tdi as the high accounting jnd law offireis of the
Government, all concur in th:s opinion. Mr.
Ritchie knew that if he did the work his contract
would entitle him to more pay than the work was
worth, and with the frankness winch belongs to,
and is part of las nature, he came to this House,
apprised it of the fact, and generously offered not
to tc.ke advantage of this feature of his contract if
the House would relieve him of the more oppres-
sive nortions of it. In o moment of madness—at
a period of hicrh prejudice upon the part of Mr.
Ritchie's enemies-—the House was induced to pay
no attention to this magnanimous and liberal offer
upon the pare of Mr. Ritchie, but forced the job
upon him, and compelled him to execute it. I
have here in mv h-u,d the letter of Mr. Ritchie,
addressed to Colonel Mc Willie, vvA by him read
to the House. I wdl read it, that all may see what
^as the proposition of Mr. Ritchie.
W -fcHiN'o-ir r, Tuesday mormnz-
Dear Pzr : My attention has been failed to a resolution
from Use Senate, and reierivd bv tne House of Repiesenta-
lives to the Committee on I'mtins, of winch vou aic-tije
chairnm-). It relates to : pmtirig of thirty thousand
">pie: of't'u in both with otner Ijan-ao
?!(*'!, i M'vjiecrc.l wit'-i jfuneral honors paid to the de-
. IVMtfe'it of the Cnued Stales.
A! Ji'i :t . < . \tr cl-iar torn? that the printing of
I'M- p-tf..-, ! 1:5 withri'lhe contiact for the public punt
. i , w-W ">'"*!.• • ' am eon.i^cted ; and although I am ?utis-
j.,'. 1.. ■ i-1" ..uviee of <-;oari. <"1. that this job would be
a-/..v.- ui-a-n ti:o o'iiv prnfn.iUlo oart of the contract, yet so
great is mv eontidauce in the Justice and magnanimity of
''Oii^re.-^ that they ViU grant a libera1, relief from the other
vervoppresfeive part? of the contract, and *<"> great my desire
, that this pamphlet should be executed in the best style of
1 which the American press is susceptible, that I cheerfully
! yield any interest I may have m its execution.
I We could do the work very handsomely in the Union
I office, hut there are some appliances in the printing art to
he obtained in Philadelphia or other ciues in the North,
| winch would enable their press to execute thewoik in a
■ more elegant style than we could display.
I Thereiore, to rid you of any embarrassment which your
, general printing contract would impose upon you, [ hereby
beg leave to by understood, that all the obligations of the
contract are dispensed with on my part; and I hope that
you will take all the necessary means to have the work
executed 111 the mobt elegant styie winch suits this dignified
occasion.
Very respectfully. THOMAS RITCHIE.
To Colonel SWcWillik,
Chairman of the Ptinling Committee.
1 What more honorable than thisr How could
the venerable Mr. Ritchie in a more effectual
manner have evinced his indisposition to take ad-
vantage of the House than by this prompt and
manly proposition, at a time when the subject of
1 printing this pamphlet was up for consideration ?
Yet it seems the House, laboring under some un-
accountable prejudice against him, did not appre-
ciate his frank and generous conduct, but com-
pelled him to proceed m the execution of the work.
He did so, and the pamphlet was printed in a
style creditable to him and to Congress. He ex-
pended of his own means, in cash, from $8,000 to
$10,000 in procuring* it to be done, and has not to
this day received from Congress one cent of pay
for it' And why' Because, as I said before, in
a moment of madness and injustice to M r. Ritchie,
the House, just before its adjournment at the long
session of the last Congress, passed a resolution
1 directing the Clerk of the House and Secretary of
the Senate to audit and settle all the accounts of
the public printer, except for ihe printing of the
' p'tmph'd containing the proceedings of Congress in '
regard to the death of President Taylor ! That pam-
i phiet yet lemams to be paid for, and m conse- \
. quence of this interposition of the House, not one '
| cent of what is lightly due Mr. Ritchie for this \
[ job has ever been paid to him. I appeal to the i
sense of justice of every honorable membei of this
, House, if this proceeding has not been an a<-t of ;
! gross injustice to the public printer. Under the'
provisions of Mr. RitchieV rnnfmct, 1 have no :
doubt, if lie could obtain 1 t-drcss m a court of jus- !
tice, he would bo awarded for this job not less 1
than f>()0,000. This is not all. A similar job, i
embraced under the same clause of the contract, j
■ was executed by Air. Ritchie under the order of i
the Senate, and the amount he was legally entitled ;
to was ^37,f)00. All but £10,000 of this sum has !
; been withheld from him, and, I think, unjustly j
! and wiongfully withheld from him, while Con- i
| grcss insists upon the enforcement of these pro- j
visi'm^ of the contract which are unfavorable and !
oppressive to the contractor. !
The fads which 1 have thus adveited to are m- !
| disputable. The contract and the Journals of this |
body, prove them conclusively. They show that \
p gieat wrong and injustice has been done Mr. .
Ritchie, not only in the delay in the organization ,
of the House, in the failure tu pay him as the 1
work was delivered, but in the positive prohibi- ;
; tion of the House against his receiving anything ;
for work duo under the only profitable clause of ,
his contract. The terms of that contract are plain, i
, and not to be misunderstood by any one who I
' examines them with a view to arrive at the truth. I
■ There is no pretense that the contract was unfairly
; made, or was not understood. J presume at the i
. time it was not apprehended that any considerable
1 amount of work would be ordered under this
c 1 a u s ?. Who could-foresee the lamentable event
'•which made this work necessary5 Congress,
i! thought proper to order the work, and is bound 1
by the obligations of the contract. How unjust ,
to resist his claim under the only item of his '
1 prices which afford a profit, while all others are j
r enforced with the severest rigor. ■
,: The ^G0,000 to which 1 have shown he is justly :
j- entitled for the Taylor pamphlet, and which has
■ ■ been w thheld from him by the resolution of the ,
'1 House, added to the contract price of the job done i
:! for the Senate under the same clause m the con- ;
t. tract, amounts to J97,500, to winch Mr. Ritchie :
i' has a iust mid legal claim, subject only to a define- i
'! tion of ^10,000 for the amount paid by the Senate, j
!; All this he agrees in his memorial to surrender, if ;
|| you will fix his rate of nay at fifty per cent, off j
!■ the prices of 1819. The effect will be to reduce
|f his compensationundertheprofttable clause of his 1
contract, and increase it under those which are
oppressive and unfavorable.
Some gentlemen manifest great alarm at the
terms of this resolution, and seem to imagine that
its effect will be to give Mr. Ritchie an immense
sum—far beyond what is reasonable and just. I
do not for a moment believe that it will give him
more than sufficient to indemnify him for his
actual losses,aggravated as they were by the illib-
eral action of Congress. I feel satisfied that if
you will carry out the terms of the contract, and
allow Mr. Ritchie what he is legally entitled to
under it for the two jobs to which I have referred,
he will receive but little less than he would obtain
under the resolution. Congress never paid so low
a rate for its printing as fifty per cent, under the
prices of 1819. I believe the lowest rate ever agreed
to be paid was twenty per cent. off. Mr. Rives,
in the testimony to which I have before referred,
fixes thirty-three and one third per cent, off as
reasonable. Mr. Ritchie's prices will be sixteen
and one third per cent, less than what Mr. Rives
under oath thinks right.
No one will contend that Mr. Ritchie did not
faithfully devote himself and all his energies to a
compliance with his undertaking; and it will not
be pretended that the work was not done well and
in proper time. The old gentleman, punctilious
to excess in all that relates to a faithful execution
of his public duties, carried out a ruinously op-
pressive contract, even to the sacrifice of his pri-
vate fortune, accumulated by years of arduous
toil, rather than be reproached for failure. He
wax not only compelled, in consequence of the
want of appropriations, and the withholding from
him by the resolution of the House of the pay
rightfully due for work done, to pay a high rate
of interest for money borrowed to carry on the
printing, but actually sacrificed much of valuable
property to pay for the work. He actually paid
for a large portion of the work, done at other
offices, the full prices* which will be allowed by
the resolution, and upon which he cannot derive a
cent of profit.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether the Committee on
Printing have yet ascertained the amount of Mr.
Ritchie's great sacrifice, so that the bouse may
know anything about it?
Mr. STANTON. I v/iil cheeifully answer the
gentleman, although 1 have before referred to this
part of the subject. Colonel MoWilhe, who was
tornurlv at the head of the Printing Committee,
made as close a calculation as he could under all
the circumstances, and ascertained that the actual
loss of Mr. Ritchie, upon work done at the first
session of the last Congress, was $65,436. He
lost in the same proportion upon work doneat the
subsequent session. Gentlemen must perceive that
it would be impossible, from the nature of circum-
stances, to ascertain with mathematical accuracy,
the exact amount of loss. The printing was done
111 an oiiice from which was issued a political
newspaper, and which was constantly engaged in
the execution of other work than that ordered by
Congress. To some extent these several branches
of the business were blended, the same hands
occasionally working upon each, and paid ior by
the proprietors by the week or day. If the gen-
tleman wishes to arrive at what the work was
really worth to do it, that can easily be ascertained
by taking the rate of prices current with the print-
ers of the citv, and make his own calculation.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to make ao inquiry, for I wish to understand this
case? I understand the gentleman to say, that
the amount Mr. Ritchie claims is lees than what
he would have received, if Congress had complied
with the contract. Am I correct5
Mr. STANTON. Not exactly. I say this.
If the contract were literally carried out—if Mr.
Ritchie were allowed what the contract authorized
him to receive—it would be very little less than
what ne will zet under chic resolution.
M.*. FOWLSR. Then I will make this in-
quiry: If it amounts to the same thing* what lies
in the wav of carrying out that contract:
Mr. STANTON. The action of Congress
which forbids Ins receiving for work already done
the price he is authorized to have by the terms of
his contract. The gentleman heard me refer to
the resolution of the House, passed at the close of
the long session of the last Congress, restraining
the proper officers from auditing and settling Mr-
