2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
Ritchie's account for the pubTication of the Tay-
lor obituaries and proceedings of Congress. That
resolution stands upon your Journals m full farce
and unrepealed.
Mr. FOWLER. I was not aware of that fact.
Mr. STANTON. And J presume there are
many others who oppose the relief to Mr. Ritchie
who are not aware or the facts which make his
claim a just and meritorious demand upo  Con-
gress.
Mr, HEBARD, i wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, for the purpose of getting
information upon this subject, what amount of
compensation Mr. Ritchie will receive by the pas-
sage of this resolution beyond what the law gives
him ?
Mr. STANTON. I believe if the law were
executed, and the contract carried out according
to its legal terms, he would get but veryhttle more
under the resolution than he would under the law.
I have repeatedly said that the law could not be
carried out, as the House had passed a resolution
forbidding its officers to execute it, and requiring
them to withhold from Mr. Ritchie the money he
has earned under the law.
Mr. HEBARD. That is not my question. I
desire to know, as the contract is construed by
the House, how much this resolution will give
him beyond what the House has already agreed
to oive him under the contract?
Mr. STANTON. The sum of money Mr.
Ritchie considers himself entitled to under the
contract, for work done accord ins: to its terms,
and not settled for, is about $97,500, If this res-
olution passes, and the whole work is settled for j
according to its provision, Mr. Ritchie will not :
get much more than this sum in my judgment. j
Mr. HEBARD. That is not the inquiry. I j
do not know that I can make myself understood. ;
Mr. STANTON. I regret that you cannot. I j
repeat again, that I do not believe Mr. Rrtchie j
will £ret by the resolution much more than the 1
$97,500. j
Mr. HEBARD. Do you mean $97,000 beyond i
what he his already received ? !
Mr. STANTON. Beyond what he has actually !
received. j
Mr. JOHNSON. What has he received ? !
Mr. STANTON. One hundred and thirty-live j
thousand dollars in all. i
Mr. HEBARD. I desire to ask if you have :
made any investigation to ascertain what the !
amount of his loss was, and whether what he will i
receive under the provision of this bill will make
up or exceed the loss ? I
Mr. STANTON. I thought I had fold that j
gentleman and this House all I knew upon that j:
subject. I told-them that my predecessor upon •
the Committee on Printing:, Colonel McWdlie, I
had made as accurate a calculation as he knew how !
to make in reference to this long session of Con- 1
gress, and thi>t $65,436 was calculated to be his I
actual loss upon that printing. At the short ses- !
sion, the loss is in the same proportion. Now, if I
the gentleman can tell me what proportion the J
printing of the short session of the last Con cjress i
bears to the printing of the/on? session, I will tell :
him exactly what amount of losses Mr. Ritchie ;
has actually sustained. J
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to ask the additional 1
question: Why it was not just as convenient to re- !
porta specific sum for the purpose of making up ;
the losses, as to report in this indirect way, by 1
which every member of the committee has to go 1
into an investigation of losses for himself, or know !
nothing: about it? 1
Mr. STANTON. If this is an indirect way of '
paying the public printer, this House for the last j
thirty years has been pursuing precisely the same
roundabout and indirect way of compensating that 1
officer. The committee have followed only the :
policy of Congress. The public printers, except '
for a short period, have been paid in no other way j
since 1819, than by the prices then fixed, or with j
a per centage off. ^ I have said Gales & Seaton un- j
dertook the printing of one Congress, at twenty !
per cent, off these prices. It was manifest to Con- ■
gress, even at this high rate, that they lost money j
in the execution of the work. Congress very Jibe- '
rally, and peihaps justly, relieved them, by pay- |
ing the full prices of 1819. The prices Mr. Ritchie I
will receive by this law, if it passes, are only one !
half of what Gales <fc Seaton received, and the sum i
he will receive will be no more difficult to calculate. I
If the full prices were not too much to give Gales
& Seaton, at that period, when journeymen's
wage* were twenty per cent, lower than now,
surely no man should hesitate to give Mr. Ritchie
his moderate demand of one halt of these prices.
The testimony of Mr. Rives, to which 1 have be-
fore alluded, shows that thirty-three as>d a third
per cent, off would not be unreasonable. Mr.
Rives himself, when associated with Mr. Blair, ex-
ecuted the work and received pay at as high a rate
as fifteen per cent, below the prices of 1819.
I appeal to the House not to deny to Mr. Rit-
chie what he has asked for. Jt is not unreasona-
ble or extravagant. He finds himself at the close
of a long,laborious and usefullifc, brought to the
very brink of nun from faithful efforts to execute
a burdensome contract. The sum provided will
save him from hopeless ruin, enable him to pay
the debts created in the public service, ufid rein-
state him m the possession of the property he
must sacrifice unless relieved. Who can have
the heart to turn away this venerable old man,
and deny to him what is so clearly his, by every
consideration of justice and humanity?
But,! have no desire to prolong this debate,
and consume time at this late period of the ses-
sion when so much of the public business is still
pressing upon us, I only intended when I ob-
tained the floor, to make a few remarks byway
of explanation, and then demand the previous
question; but if there ia any gentleman who de-
sires to debate the subject, i will give him what
remains of my time.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to say something upon
*hss subject.
Mr. STANTON. Have you an amendment to
offer?
Mr. STANLY. I have,
Mr. STANTON. I cannot give way for that
purpose.
Mr. STANLY. I want to make some remarks
and offer an amendment likewise.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. When this
bill was reported, J understood the gentleman
[Mr. Stanton] to say that this bill would not
give more than $60,000 to Mr. Ritchie. I under-
stand him now to say that it will give £9.>,000.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina; [Mr. Stanly] at that time, made an as-
sertion to the effect that if this bill was passed, it
would give Mr, Ritchie $$00,000.
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir, and I can demon-
strate it.
Mr. STANTON. I said at the time I did not
believe it. My judgment was that it would be
$60,000 or $80,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman said $60,000.
Mr. STANTON. I said $tiO,O0O or £80,000,
according to my recollection.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not hear the word
eighty.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman did not, it
is not my fault.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman so mod-
ify his amendment as to fix some specific sum, so
that it will not be half a million?
Mr. STANTON. I have not the power to
modify it. I told the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Stanly] I would yield him a part of
my time to make such remarks as he desired,but
if he intends to offer an amendment to the propo-
sition, I cannot consent to it.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to offer an amendment
to limit the amount to $60,000. This is a matter
of importance, and suggestions on this subject
should be heard.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to hear
your explanation.
Mr. STANLY. I am going to demonstrate,
and I can do it so plainly that no man will deny
it, that if this bill is passed it will give Mr. Ritchie
more than $200,000.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon the previous
question.
Mr. ORR. I appeal to the House to vote it
down.
Mr. STANTON. As there seems to bea gen-
eral desire that I should withdiaw the call for the
previous question, I will do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me now to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, or will I have first to move
to postpone this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole, the gentleman having obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will tliis subject come up
in the morning again?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to postpone
this subject to this day two weeks.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For the sake
of a little information, I would inquire if I am to
understand by the motion that it makes this sub-
ject a special order, or does it only postpone it to
a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to postpone-
to a day certain.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood,from theSpeak-
er, that if I moved to go into the Committee of the
Whole, this subject will be the business m order
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move a
postponement, and that is the question before the*
House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked for tellers
upon the motion: which were ordered; and Messrs,
Stephens and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 66.
So the House refused to postpone the subject,
and it goes over until to-morrow,
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the Honse resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STANLY. When this question comes up
again, who has the floor?
The SPEAKER. No one has been recognized*
Mr. STANLY. Can I be recognized upon it
now ? Somebody must have it.
Mr. OKR. I might contest that point with the
gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to the
gentleman taking the floor.
VIRGINIA MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. jMILLSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Some weeks ago, a bill to appropriate land
scrip in final satisfaction of the Virginia military
bounty land warrants, passed the Senate and was
sent to this House. That bill has since been lost
or mislaid, I move that the Clerk be directed to
inform the Senate of the loss of the bill, and request
them to furnish the House with a duplicate or
duly certified copy of it.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agieed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Houston, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL*
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 220, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the present fiscal year.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. In consequence of the very
backward condition of business, and the great
amount of legislation essential to be done, I do not
propose to occupy the time I might otherwise
entitled to upon this bill. I wish the committee,
however, to dispense with the first reading of the
bill, and let it be taken up and read through by
paragraphs, as we did the civil and diplomatic
bill: at which reading it will then beopen to amend-
ment. If any gentlemen propo&e to make politi-
cal speeches upon this bill, or to enter into a gen-
eral debate upon it, I hope the committee will meet
this evening, and take up the reference of the
President's message, where those speeches can be
made without delaying the public business.
Mr. MEADE, f wish, Mr. Chairman, to offer
an amendment to this bill, and when I do offer it,
I desire a few moments to explain it, and therefore
I take this opportunity to read the amendment,
and to address myself to this committee upon the
subject of it.
There was a memorial presented here at the be-
ginning of the session by a few survivors of the
Petersburg volunteers, who served their term of
twelve months on the Canada frontiers in the last
war, and who were in several engagements. They
