424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CABELL, 'of Florida, gave notice of bills to survey
the military reserves at Tampa Bay arid Pilatka, in The State
of Florida, and for the erection of a marine hospital at Apa-
lachicola, in -'aid State.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Virginia, asked, and obtained leave
to withdraw the papers in the ease of William Sparks, now
on .file m the office of the Clerk of this House, and that the
same be refened to the committee on Invalid Persons.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees;
•By Mr THOMPSON, of Virginia: The petition of
Lewis Turner, of the county of Preston, Virginia, praying
for a pension on accouut of permanent injury to his health
in the wai of 1810,
Also, the petition and papers of Margaret Garwood, widow
of Samuel Garwood, praying for a pension on account of
a permanent injury received by her bald husband in the
battle of" Lake Erie, in the flag-ship of Perry, which per-
manently injured hun for life, t>o as to prevent him trom
providing tor his family.
By Mr. DEAN v The petition of citizens ofrhe District
of Columbia for a new and enlarged building for a post
office, in the City of Washington.
By Mr. STRATTON : Tin; petition of RobeitB. Sut-
cliff'e and 58 othois, citizens of New Joisey. praying the
enactment of a law piolnbiting entirely the importation of
intoxicating liquors.
Bv Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania : The petition of the
Society of Friends, of Philadelphia, lor the repe.il of the
fugitive-slave law.
By Mr. CIU/RCIIWBLL The memorial of Robert
James of Tennessee, piaying for the remission ol duties on
machinery impoited by hun as an emigiant, lor his own
use and benefit.
By Mr. SEYMOUR,ofNew Yoik : The petition of Jole,
Coit & Co., to be refunded duties on meichandise damaged
while in transitu from one warehouse to another lor ex-
portation.
By Mr. CABELL, of Floiida: The momoiials of William
II. Andrew!., George S. Jennings, Joseph 1). Moms, Ed-
ward R. Ives, George J. Lehnhami, Hiram T. Mann, and
Joel B. Smith, assistant marshals of' the State of Florida,
for additional compensation tor taking the last census.
By Mr. WALBIMDGE • Tim petition of Witham T.
Lawiencc, ami other citr/.cn« of Tompkm«. and Che-
mung counties, Nmv Yoik, praying lot the establishmentof
a tn-weckly mail loute fioin Ilavurm, in the county of
Chemung, to Ithica, in the county of Tompkins, via Odo^a,
Caj'utavilie, l-hifu'ld, Ceuttc, See.
Bv Mr HAVEN. Tin1 remotwianee of Mmrrulge and
Claik, mid other citizens of Butl'iilo, bcni<r bi cad and ciaekei
bakers ot tlmt place. agiun^t cUendtus oi i< mwing the pat-
ent to William R. Neviu^, ol New Yoik, tor a machine lot
rolling dounh and cutting ciackeisand biscuit, giving the
reasons oi'the iemoii*u;inee at length.
By Mr St M\RTIAT> The memorial of Nathan O. Fol-
ger in relation to Mexican indemnities.
AIm>, the petition ol Nanette Dijean, widow Padion,
pin) nui ioi ichef.
Bv Mi. MeLANAFfAN : The petition ofctti/.ens of Perry
county and Union county, in the State ot Pennsylvania, for
the cMahlWimciit oS u mail route dkom Miller's Town, in
Perry county, to Miftlmhura, in Union county.
By Mr. UFjNTN : The petition ol'T. 11.1'. Duncan and 98
others, asking lor mail routes from Coryrion, Wayne coun-
ty, Iowa, via 0>iand Rivor, to Princeton, Mi^ouii, and from
Corydon to Chariion Point, and foi weekly service thoieon.
IN SENATE.
Fkipay, January 30, 1852.
Player by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
P1UVATE BILL DAY.
On the motion of Mr. iNORRIS,the execution of
the order by winch Friday of each week is devoted
to private claims, was suspended until one o'clock.
"EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Tlie PRESIDENT jjiy) /em., latd before the Senate
aletlcrfrom theTreasurcrofthe United States,com-
niuujcAtinii copies of his accounts of receipts and
disbursements for the service of tlie Post Office
Department for the year ending 30th June, 1851;
which was re.id.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordcicd, That it he on the tabic.
PETITIONS.
Mr. PEAIICE presented the memorial of Au-
gusta Ogden Boyd, praying- the continuance of
her pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr.,DODGE, of Iowa, submitted a document
in support ot the petition of citizens of Kanesville,
Iowa, for a "rant of land for the benfit of that town;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of John
Gray, praying remuneration for a pair of horses
taken by the United States troops during the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Henry
Mank.ii, praying that the Postmaster General may
be authorized to contract with him and his asso-
ciates, merchants residing in Baltimore and Rio
de Janeiro, for the transportation of the mail in
steamers from Baltimore and Norfolk to St.
Thomas and Barbadoes,in the West Indies, Para,
Pernambuco, and Rio de Janeiro, in Brazil, and
Montevideo in Buenos Ayres; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Butler, oil the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That Anna McLean have leave to withdraw
her memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas
Rogers, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Lo Roy, on the files
of the Senate, be refened to tlie Committee on Tensions.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles G. Gunter, on the
files ot the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Paducah, Ken-
tucky, on the files of the Senate, relating to the e*tabhsh-
ment ot apoitof delivery, and impiovmg the harbor at that
place, be lcfcrred to the Committee on Commeice.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the incoiporation of a Mutual Insurance Com-
pany in the city of Washington, be reieired to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
citizens of Appalachicola, praying that Samuel
Bray, keeper of the Dog-lslund light-house, on the
coast of Florida, may receive some remuneration
for the losses sustained by himself and family
during the «ule of the 23d and 24th of August,
3851, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be piiuted.
Mr. S., also, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of Thomas Rhodes, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to y/hich was referred the bill providing
lor carrying into execution, in further part, the
12th article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded
at Guadalupe Hidalgo, reported the same without
amendment.
He said that he should have now asked for
its consideration, but that he understood the
J Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Soule,] who was
i not now- ready to proceed, desired to be heard
! upon the subject. He should, however, ask for its
I consideration at an early day.
j Mr. SOULE intimated that he desired to exam-
| ine some documents relating to the subject-matter
j of this bill, before he proceeded to its discussion.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of the
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
PASSENGERS BY STEAMBOATS TO CALIFOR-
NIA.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have been requested in
behalf of a number of highly-respectable constit-
uents to call the attention of the Senate to abuses
l alleged to exist in the conveyance of passengers
by steamboats from the Atlantic ports to Califor-
nia.
The abuses complained of are :
1. That these boats, in violation of their public
engagements, take ordinarily a much larger num-
ber of passengers than they can properly accom-
modate, or is consistent with health and safety.
2. That the supply of food is often deficient in
quantity, and of the poorest and most unwhole-
some quality.
3. That the treatment of passengers, the sick
even, by officers and crews of the boats, is some-
times cruel in the extreme.
It is represented that from these abuses large
numbers of our fellow-citizens emigrating to Cali-
fornia lose their lives or their health by disease
engendered on board these bote.
The petitioners say they believe that a thorough
investigation bv a committee of Congress, with
power to send for persons and papers, would dis-
close scenes occurring on board some of these
boats that could find a parallel only in the horrors
of the middle passage in the African slave trade.
Not professing to have a personal knowledge
how far these representations are well founded, I
believe the subject is worthy of the most thorough
investigation, and trust it will receive the atten-
tion of the Committee on Commerce. With that
view I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire whether any legislation is necessary to pre-
vent abuses in the conveyance of passengers by steamboats
from the Atlantic ports to those of California.
Mr. GWIN. I have only to say that I thank
the Senator from Maine for bringing this subject
to the attention of the Senate. I have heard great
complaints of these abuses, and I hope the com-
mittee will give to the subject its early attention;
and if there are such abuses that they will recom-
mend to the Senate the passage of a bill imposing
the severest penalties on the owners of the steam-
ships . I have no doubt that many lives have been
lost in consequence of the abuses which exist on
board those steamers.
The resolution was adopted.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. BADGER. I have been directed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer some amend-
ments to the bill heretofore reported from that
committee to enforce discipline and promote good
conduct in the naval service of the United States.
As I desire to have that biil taken up and consid-
ered at some early day, I hope that by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate these amendments
may be laid on the table and printed.
The amendments were received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
CUBAN PRISONERS IN SPAIN.
The bill for the relief of American citizens lately
imprisoned and pardoned by the Gtueen of Spain,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed a joint resolution for the relief of Elizabeth Prewitt,
widow and executrix of Robert C. Prewitt, deceased ; also,
a hill entitled " An act for the benefit of the Carmelite Nun-
nery in Baltimore; in which lesolution and bill they request
the concurrence of the Senate.
They were read a first and second time by their
titles, and referred, the first to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and the latter to
the Committee on Finance.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN DELAWARE.
Mr. BRADBTTRY. I desire to call up the bill
concerning sessions of the courts of the United
States in the district of Delaware. I do this at the
instance of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard.] The bill provides for a change of the
sessions of the United States courts in that dis-
trict, which are to be held very soon. I hope the
Senate will allow the bill to be taken up, so that it
may be passed at this time. I move to postpone
the prior orders, with a view to taking up that
bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that the Courts of the United States
in and for the district of Delaware, shall hereafter
be held at New Castle, in the said district; that
there shall be two regular terms of the circuit
court of the United States in said district, which
shall commence on the third Tuesday of June, and
third Tuesday of October, in each and every year
hereafter; and that there shall be four regular
terms of the district court of the United States for
J the said district, which shall commence on the
, second Tuesday of April, June, September, and
I January. The bill also provides, that the office of
, the clerk of the circuit court for said district, and
: the records of the said court, shall be kept, either
j at Wilmington or New Castle, as may be directed
1 by an order of the judges of said court, made
