1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
either in terra or during vacation, and entered on
the records thereof; and that the office of the clerk
of the said district court, and the records thereof,
shall be kept at either of the said places, as may-
be directed by the judge of the said district court,
by an order made m term or during vacation, and
entered on the records thereof.
It further provides that no process issued or
proceedings begun in either of the said courts shall
be voided by this change of the place and time of
holding the said courts, and that all process, bail
bonds, or recognizances, returnable at the next
term of said courts, shall be returnable and re-
turned at the terms of said courts, respectively,
next occurring after the passage of this act, in the
same manner as if they had been made so return-
able on the face thereof, and shall have full effect
and force, and that all continuances shall be made
to conform to the provisions of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution,
submitted on the 27th instant by Mr. Hale, in
relation to the tenure of appointments in the naval
service; and the resolution was agreed to, as fol-
lows:
Resolved* That the Coiiiuntte^ on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
that appointments m the naval service ofthe United States
shall lifrealter be for a limited time, winch shall be ex-
pie&csedm the commissions.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the adverse
reports on the President's cfesk, which had been
made from committees on memorials referred to
them. The question in each case was on concur-
ring in the report of the committee, and the Sen-
nate decided affirmatively on the following:
The petition of Leonard J. Thomas;
The petition of Charles H. Blood;
The petition of Joseph Hill and Sons;
The petition of Jose Baya;
The petition of Phcebe Grlover;
The petition of John H. Patterson;
The petition of Samuel M. Bootes;
The memorial of Robert Piatt;
The petition of George E. Paine and Polly Teal,
the children of Brinton Paine, deceased;
The petition of Samuel Crapin;
The petition of Hugh W. Dobbin;
The petition of Samuel Prisleau;
The petition of Thomas Flanagan;
The petition of Sarah Bennett; and
The petition of A. J. "Williamson.
The Senate proceeded to consider the adverse
report of the Committee of Claims on the petition
of William A. Duer, administrator of William
Duer, deceased; and,
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
to lie on the table. ^
MARY W. THOMPSON.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the lelief
of Mary W. Thompson; and no amendment being
made, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
DAVID C. CASH AND GILES U. ELLIS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of David C. Cash
and Giles IT. Ellis.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the \
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay to ,
David C. Cash, late lieutenant, and Giles U. 1
. Ellis, late a private in the Seminole war in Florida,
whatever may be due to them on the monthly rolls
for military service in said war. On this bill the ■;
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate re- |
ported adversely. :
Mr. HUNTER called for the reading of the re- ,
port. . ' i
The Secretary read the report of the Committee i ■
on Military Affairs of the House of Representa- 'I
tivex, from which it, appears that David C. Cash !
and Giles U. Ellis served in the war with the (
Seminole Indians, Cash as a lieutenant, and j|
Ellis as a private. They were engaged by Rich- j!
ard R. Crum of the Commissary Department, to
disburse supplies to the troops, and theywell and 1
truly discharged that duty. At the expiration of i
their term of service, they accounted, as in duty
bound, to R. R. Crum, quartermaster, delivering
to him all invoices and goods in their possession.
Although they were employed by Crum as his as-
sistants, the Government has endeavored to hold
them responsible as its agents, because they signed
the vouchers as Assistant Quartermasters; but
there was no contract between them and the Gov-
ernment. They were not commissioned by the
Government m that character, but they acted
under Crum, a regularly-qualified commissioned
officer of the Government. They received a great
deal of property as Crum's agents, and they ac-
counted for it all; but Crum being in default to the
Government, they were held accountable. The
affidavit of Cash and Ellis is sustained by the affi-
davit of Crum, who says that they acted as his
agents, and as such wereauthorized to receivelarge
supplies. He says he held them responsible to
him, and that he demanded and received of them
all their papers, vouchers, invoices, and receipts.
They fully accounted for and properly applied all
the stores received by them. The Government
did not give them their regular pay, but withheld
it from them, and the committee thought that
Crum, the quartermaster, and not Giles and j
Ellis, should be held liable to the Government for !
any deficiencies or arrearages in his department as j
quartermaster or commissary. I
Mr. HUNTER. That seems to be a bill which !
requires the Government to pay agents who weie !
employed by this Mr. Crum. I tlunk this ought j
not to be done. I hope the bill will be passed by :
informally. I
Mr. BADGER. As the chairman of the Com- j
mittee on Military Affairs, who reported this bill,
is not in his place, I move to postpone its further ;
consideration until to-morrow. J
The motion was agreed to. j
JOHN T. SULLIVAN.
The bill for the relief of John T. Sullivan was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that the Postmas-
ter General be authorized and required to pay to
John T. Sullivan $1,670, out of the funds of the
Post Office Department, for folding, cutting, and
quarto binding 17,500 copies of laws and instruc-
tions to postmasteis, under a contract made with
him by the Postmaster General on the 27th of
April, 1839; and also for folding, stitching, and
binding other laws and regulations subsequent to
said contract, and for the storage of said laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
JOSEPH GIDEON.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Gideon was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to settle and adjust the accounts of
Joseph Gideon, as acting purser of the United
States store-ship Fredonia, from December 18,
1847, to May 16, 1848, and from June 8, 1848, to
January 18, 1851, and to pay him the difference
between the compensation of a captain's clerk and
an active parser for that time.
Mr. FELCIi called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. ,
The Secretary read it accordingly. It sets forth
that Joseph Gideon was duly appointed by the
commander of the store-ship Fredonia an acting
purser on board, and that he faithfully executed
the duties of purser in the Gulf of Mexico and on
the Pacific coast, for the period mentioned in the
bill. He also, at the same time, discharged^ the
duties of captain's clerk, for which he received
compensation; but the committee deem him en-
titled to the additional amount now proposed to
be given to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
JOHN 0. MEANS.
The bill for the relief of John 0. Means was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury Department be
authorized to settle and adjust the account of John
0. Means, an acting purser on board the United
States brig Dolphin,under the appointment of the
commander ofthe squadron on the coast of Africa,
and to allow him the pay of a purser while in the
discharge of the duties of that appointment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIiM:.
The bill to confirm the claim of John Ervin to
a certain tract of land in the Bastrop Claim, was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that John Ervin shall be confirmed
in his title to the land on which he resides, in the
State of Louisiana, to the extent of six hundred
and forty acres, to be taken by legal subdivisions
so as to include his improvements; and that a pat-
ent be issued to him for a legal survey of the same,
under the direction of the Surveyor General for
said State; provided that this act shall amount only
to a relinquishment of title on the part of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FELCH asked for the reading of the re-
port.
It was read accordingly. It appears from it that
twenty-three years since Mr. Ervin settled on and
improved a tract of land in the Bastrop Claim, in
the State of Louisiana, on which he has ever since
resided. Previous to his settlement the land had
been sold by the grantee to a Mr. Ballanger, wlio,
after having made some improvements, abandoned
it and left the country, and has not been heard
of since, nor has any agent or heir appeared for
him. In consequence of this, the claimant has not
been enabled, as he intended to do, to purchase the
title of Ballanger to the tract. But he has held
peaceable and uninterrupted possession long enough
to give him, under the laws of Louisiana, a title
by prescription against all claimants except the
United States. An act of Congress was passed
on the 3d of March, 1851, which intended to give
a donation to settlers of twenty years standing and
upwards, it provided that the title of the United
States should be relinquished against such persons.
This claimant would have been entitled to the ben-
efit of this act but for the fact that he did not hold
his lands of the original grantee. This being a
mere technical point, the claimant, of course, is
within the spirit and intention of the act of 3d
March, 1851. Thecomnnttee state, also, that the
claimant is a very old man,and that it would be a
very important thing for hnn, in his old age, to
have his title settled.
Mr. FELCH. The chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Downs,] who reported this bill, is not
in his seat. I would J^ke to know what has been
our legislation on this subject heretofore.
Mr. HALE. This was a subject of considera-
tion in the Committee on Private Land Claims,
and the committee unanimously agreed that this
case required the attention of Congress. It is a
case in which an individual has occupied his land
for more than twenty years; but the land was so
1 situated that, for some reason or other, it was not
open to entry. This individual has occupied the
land for more than twenty years. Nobody has
disturbed him; nobody but the United States can
disturb him. The committee deemed it proper
that the claim of the United States to the land
which he has occupied for more than twenty years
should be relinquished. I hope the bill will pass.
This claimant is a very old man, and this is but a
trilling matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer that the hill should
lie over until the Senator who reported it shall be
in his seat, and we can hear some further expla-
nation of it. I move to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I hope this lull will pass. I arn
sorry there should be any opposition to it. If
there is any opposition, 1 hope it will He on the
table until my colleague, who reported it, shall be
in his place.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senate did not listen
to the reading of the report, if the Senate will
give their attention to its reading, I think there
will be no necessity for a speech; fur the report
states the case very plainly. I ask that the report
be a^aiti read.
The report was affain read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to hear the
act of the 3d of March, 1851, referred to in the
report, read.
Mr. GWTN. I have no doubt as to the justice
of this claim. I hope the Senate will pass it.
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] who
