2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
'you have just heard read, shall be the truth, the whole,
i tturh, and nothing but the truth, so help you God.' Mr.
McGiiiiiis was then lequested to take said oath, which he
declined domjj The committee tnerefore recommend the
adoption of tilts ioiiowing resolution :
" devolved, That John Mediums, in refusing to take the
oath propounded to hmi bv the Select Coniniittee of the
Senate, lAisod on the 6th of August, 1853, has commuted a
contempt aaamst the authority of this body, and that the
Sergeant-at-Arms take into custody, and imprison him in
the jail of tl*e Distnct of Columbia until lie shall consent to
take said oath, or until the further order of the Senate."
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 hope the resolution will
now he considered and adopted. It is not neces-
sary to consume the time of the Senate with re-
marks upon it. The facts are all given in the
report.
Mr. BUTLER. It had better go over until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT. It can be considered at
this time only by unanimous consent.
It accordingly went over.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The PRESIDENT. This is the day upon j
which, if any bill is objected to or leads to debate,
it must go over till next Friday. :
JOHN WHITE'S HEIRS. |
Mr. CHARLTON". I move to suspend the '
order, lo enable me to take up Senate bill for the :
relief of Catharine Proctor Hayden, only child and 1
heir of John White, deceased, late Lieutenant
Colonel m the fourth Georgia battalion of the
revolutionary Army. It will cause no discussion.
I will undertake, in a few minutes, to explain it
satisfactorily to the Senate. It is the case of a
widow lady who has been a Ions; time in need of !
the bounty which is proposed to be given, and it 1
will give rise to extraordinary statements—state-
ments that will be true and extraordinary at the
same time. I am sure it will not take up five :
minutes of the time of the Senate. I move to sus- ^
pend all private bills on the Calendar preceding ,
that, for the purpose of taking it up.
Air. MILLER. I hope we shall go on in order.
I have two or three cases which I think are en- ,
titled to as much sympathy as the one mentioned
by the Senator from Georgia. 1
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to disturb the i
order of the Calendar, but if this privilege is j
granted to my friend from Georgia, I must ask a !
like privilege. I have a case which is far towards
the end of the Calendar, and I am afraid it will I
not be leached to-day; but if the privilege is !
granted to theSenator from Georgia, of course the I
Senate will grant me the same privilege. j
The motion was not agreed to. j
THOMAS H. LEGGETT. !
The PRESIDENT. The first bill upon the '
Private Calendar is that for the relief of Thomas
H. Leg^ett. I
Mr. DODGE, of [owa. I move topostponeits
consideration until Friday next. The Senator
from New Yoik, [Mr. Scward,] who reported it,
is not in his seat.
The motion was agreed to.
MARK BEAN AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill upon the
Calendar is that for the relief of Mark Bean and
Richtud H. Bean, of Atkansas.
Mr. DAVIS. That bill was under discussion
the other day, and perhaps the Senate are ready
to vote upon it,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was one of those who
discussed the matter. 1 have no objection to a
test vote being taken in some way or other with-
out any further discussion; and, for the purpose
of trying the Senate on the subject, I move that
the bill be indefinitely postponed, and upon that
motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. CHASE. I was not present when that
bill was discussed before, and I should like to
hear from the Senator from Arkansas, who re-
ported it, some statement of its object and char-
acter.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 had a conversation with
the Senator from Kentucky this morning, who
presented objections to the bill when it was last
under consideration, and we concluded not to dis-
cuss it any more, thinking that it had been suffi-
ciently discussed already; but if other Senatois
wish to discuss it, it had better be laid over, so
that the vote may not be taken in ignorance of
its merits. I am perfectly willing, so far as I am
Concerned, that the question shall be taken with-
out discussion, believing that I have discussed its
merits sufficiently before, and that the Senator
from Kentucky has said all in opposition to it
which could be well urged.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am perfectly willing
to meet the proposition of the Senator from Ar-
kansas. We have had a very elaborate discussion
on this subject; but if the Senate wish us to go
into it again, in order to understand it, of course
it must be passed over; and when it comes up we
can again briefly state our views.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
HENRY KING.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of the
representative of Henry King. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
legal representative of Henry King, the sum of
$8,140, it being for the service of Henry King in
the third Maryland regiment, and in the Commis-
sary Department, during the revolutionary war.
Mr. BAYARD. Heretofore I moved an amend-
ment to that bill, to which I think its friends will
accede. It is to reduce the sum appropriated. As
the bill stands, it pays principal and interest. I
am not opposed to paying the principal, but I am
opposed to the allowance of interest for a period
of forty years. It is not mentioned in the bill
how much is principal, and how much is interest;
but it is shown by the report.
Mr. FOOT. I will state to the Senator from
Delaware that the principal is $1,817 36.
Mr. BAYARD. The interest allowed is four
times the amount of the principal. I move there-
fore to strike out $8,140, and insert $1,817 36.
Mr. FOOT. I will consent to that rather than
that the bill should be passed over.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
HIRAM MOORE AND JOHN HASCALL.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Hiram Moore
and John Hascall.
It proposes to grant unto Hiram Moore and
John Hascall, citizens of the United States, their
heirs, assigns, and legal representatives, for the
term of fourteen years, from the 27th day of June,
1850, the full and exclusive right and liberty of
making, constructing, using, and vending to others,
to be made or used, the improvements for cutting,
thrashing, and cleaning; gram, which were invented
by said Moore or Hascall, or either of them, and
embraced in the drawing or specification granted
to tlieni the 28th of June, 183C, for the machine
commonly known as il Moore & Hascall's har-
vesting machine," together with the improvements
invented by them, or either of them, in perfecting
said machine, or any part thereof, from the date
of the original patent to the date from which the
same is hereby renewed and extended; and the
Commissioner of Patents is dnected and required
to grant a certificate of such renewal and exten-
sion.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. James] has an amendment to make
to that bill, which will lead to a discussion. If the
Senate will permit me, I will remark that it is a
very important case. The applicants have been
here during the whole session. The bill passed
the House of Representatives in the commence-
ment of the session; and I shall, at some leisure
moment—if 1 can find one, and if I cannot find
one, I will endeavor to make one—try to persuade
the Senate, during some portion of the session, to
take it up and pass it as it came from the House.
It will now have to be passed over, as it will lead
to debate.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
The next bill upon the Calendar was that for
the relief of Frederick Vincent, administrator of
James Le Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze &
Mallet.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to examine the claim of the legal representa-
tive of James Le Caze, surviving partner (now
deceased) of L*5 Caze & Mallet, for the balance
appearing to be due them on the books of the
Treasury Department of the United States; and
that, if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary, that the said balance is yet outstanding
and unpaid, the proper accounting officeis of the
Treasury shall be required to adjust and settle the
same upon the principles and practice which would
have been adoptpd if the parties entitled thereto
j had subscribed the said debt to the loan authorized
j by the act approved March 3, 1797, entitled " An
[ act extending the time for receiving on loan the
j domestic debt of the United States;" and upon
I ascertaining the amount due, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be required to cause the same to
be paid to the legal representative of said James
Le Caze.
Mr. BAYARD. I have looked into that bill
since it was last called up, and ! confess I am not
satisfied with the explanations given me as to the
propriety of passing it at all; and with my pres-
; ent opinions, I should desire to present my objee-
1 tions to it. I may change them;but, however, as
I now advised, I should certainly discuss the bill.
| The PRESIDENT. As the Senator proposes
i to debate the bill, it will go over until next Friday.
I ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD,
j The next bill upon the Calendar was for the re-
j lief of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Com-
. pany, to which an amendment had been proposed
i by Mr. Brodhead.
| Mr. ATCHISON". It is useless to take up that
! bill to-day. The amendment will certainly be
j objected to. Whatever may have been the vote
upon the original bill, the amendment will cer-
tainly be rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think the amendment
is as meritorious as the original bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well.
Mr. MASON. If any objection is made, of
course the bill will have to go over; but I had
supposed that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania would have been
withdrawn. The amendment proposes, among
other things, to appropriate a sum of money to
pay for the use of public buildings in Philadel-
phia while Congress had them; and I understand
that there is evidence that they never did sit in
them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I want to make some in-
quiries on the subject.
Mr, MASON. Does the Senator object to
considering the bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; I have no objec-
tion to considering it.
Mr. BAYARD. If nobody else wishes to dis-
cuss the bill, 1 do. The Committee on Claims
reported againstit, and I cannot see that it is tena-
ble on any grounds.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
CORNELIUS McCAULEY.
The next bill upon the Calendar was that for
the relief of Cornelius McCauley.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Cornelius McCauley, of Phil-
adelphia, the sum of $750 13, m full, for morocco
and other materials furnished by him m 1834 to
the then Secretary of the Senate, for the use of the
Senate Chamber, and for which he has received
no compensation.
Mr. BAYARD. I expressed my determination
when that bill was last up to oppose it. I shall
still oppose it.
It was accordingly passed over.
MARIA TAYLOR.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of
Maria Taylor.
It proposes to confirm the title of Maria Taylor
to two certain tracts of land situated in the parish
of Ascension, State of Louisiana, on the left bank
of the river Mississippi, near the upper limits of
the parish—provided that the act shall only be
considered as a relinquishment to the Government
of all claim to these tracts; and provided also,
(l that it shall not operate against the claim of any
l| other person to them.
Mr. WALKER. That hill was reported by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Dotvvs,] who
is not in his place. I have no desire to discuss it,
still I should like to hear it explained.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The report of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims is not long, andC
ask for its reading.
