1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
allowed the bill to progress until it had-passed to
its engrossment, and hav^ said nothing; upon the
subject. In answer to that, sir, my apology must
be, that it is impossible to attend to everything
in due time. I do my best to keep up with the
business; I pay attention to many things, but I,
' find that a great deal passes here that I am unable
to notice, and that is the reason why 1 have not
called the attention of the Senate to this matter at
an earlier .period.
' I have nothing to do now but to read what I con-
ceive to be a fit remedy for all the evils which! have
mentioned; and if I can so far meet with" the ap-
probation of the Senate as to have the matter re-
ferred back to the committee, and let them have
both the views I have suggested, and the amend-
ment which I propose, I shall be perfectly content
if they return the bill back, and say that what 1
have proposed is not worthy of a moment's con-
sideration.
My substitute provides that it shall not be lawful
for any member of Congiess, or any other person
whatever, to contract for, or to purchase an inter-
est in, any claim against the Government of the
United States, or any Department thereof, before
the same has been settled and allowed by the
'proper authority, except as a security for a bona
Jide debt, or'for money loaned, having no connec-
tion with the prosecution of the claim. Nor shall
it be lawful for any member of Congress, or any
other person whatever, to engage, contract, or
agree, in consideration of an interest in a claim
against the United States, whether such interest
be the entire consideration or only a part, to aid,
assist, or give counsel, in any manner whatever,
in the prosecution of such claim. Nor shall it be
lawful for any member of Congress, or any other
person whatever, in consideration of money or
property thereafter to be paid, conveyed, or de-
livered j upon the condition that the specified claim
against the United States is allowed or paid in
whole or in part, to engage, contract, or agree to
aid, assist, or give counsel in the prosecution of any
sucli claim. Nor shall any member of Congress
receive any gift, present, fee, or reward, other
than his lawful wages, for his vote, or for attend-
ing: to any business pending before Congress, or
before -any board of commissioners, when the
Government of the United States is bound to
pay the award of such board, or for recommend-
ing a person, or using his influence to procure an
appointment or office for any person. Nor shall
any person whatever receive any gift, present,
fee, or reward for his or her influence, to be exer-
cised in any manner whatever, in procuring the
passage of a law, or an appropriation by the Con-
gress of the United States, in favor of any indi-
vidual, company, corporation, or State; or for rec-
ommending a person, or using his or hermfluenee
to procure an appointment or an office for any per-
son. And all such practices, contracts, and agree-
ments are hereby declared to be misdemeanors,
and are prohibited. And any member of Con-
gress, or other person, who shall, in any resnect,
violate either of the provisions aforesaid, shall, on
conviction before any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, be punished by imprisonment not exceeding
six months, in the discretion of the court.
Now, sir, the second section goes on to require
that he shall refund the money received. The
first section, you will perceive, imposes a punish-
ment of six months' imprisonment for violating
the provisions of the act. The second section of
the hill provides for a fine of $1,000, in addition to
imprisonment. My second section goes on to
provide, that any member of Congress, or any
other person, who shall receive any sum of money
or thing of value, under, or m virtue of, any con-
tract, agreement, or engagement, forbidden by the
first section of this act, or who shall accept any
gift, fee, donation, or reward, in violation of the
said section, shall refund or restore the money or
thing received to the person conveying, paying,
ordefiveringthe same; and, if it be not so refunded
or restored within three months after it has been
received, it shall then be lawful for any person to
sue for and recover the same m thevname of the
United States; one half for the use of the person
thus instituting the suit, and the other half for the
use of the Government.
Then comes my third section, which I intend
to meet the last class of evils which I pointed
out. It provides that payments of money made
by any of the Executive "Departments or officers
of the Government, in satisfaction, either m whole
or part, of any claim, shall not be considered final
and conclusive, so as to bar a suit for the recovery
of the money, when it may have been erroneously
paid; and all payments made under the decision of
any of the Executive departments of the Govern-
ment, shall be open to reinvestigation in the courts
of the United States, before whom it shall be the
duty of the proper officer to institute suit for the
recovery of any money paid through error, fraud,
or mistake.
I am told that where a payment is made under
an award of an Executive Department, it is re-
garded as final and conclusive, like the judgment
of a court, so as to bar any suit by way of re-
investigating the matter. The object of this propo-
sition is to prevent a payment made under the
award of an Executive Department from having
this bindingand conclusive effect. 1 do not know
—indeed, 1 am inclined to question the propriety
of that opinion under the law as it now stands—
that any payment made by an Executive Depart-
ment is binding and conclusive, so as to bar a
judicial investigation. But surely, if theie be any
doubt on the subject, it cannot be improper to
remove all doubt by an express provision that
such payment shall not be final and conclusive.
This is a question that I have referred, time and
again, to the Committee on the Judiciary, to in-
quire whether it be necessary to legislate. But
whether it be necessary or not, it can do no harm
to make a provision, saying, that such payments
shall not bar a judicial investigation.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I understand
that my friend from Kentucky desires that this
bill should be recommitted. 1 hope that propo-
sition will not obtain the sanction of the Senate. I
took great pains, when 1 introduced this bill, that
the nature and purport of it should be, without
any loss of time, known to the Senate. The day
that I offered it I asked and obtained an order of
the Senate that it should be immediately printed,
cotemporaneously with its reference to the Com-
mittee on Claims. It was prepared with some
consideration. It was carefully examined by the
legal gentlemen who belong to that committee.
It was reported with certain amendments. These
amendments have been considered and adopted by
the Senate, and the bill has been ordered to a
third reading. Now, I think, as my friend from
Kentucky either would not, or did not, for what-
ever reason, pay attention to this bill during any
of the earlier stages of its discussion, that it is far
better that he should allow it to pass; and if there
are any furtheror other evils that require correction,
let him bring .forward his measure for that pur-
pose, and I assure him, as fai as I am concerned,
to such an extent as they are real evils, and capa-
ble of being relieved, he will receive my hearty
concurrence.
Now, sir, the provisions of this bill are very
simple. The bill was not intended to embrace and
cover, and remove, and provide a remedy against
all the evils which exist in the Government. It
was confined to one or two specific purposes. It
was intended for the benefit of a class of men who
are entitled to the aid and assistance of the Gov-
ernment—for the benefit of the poor and ignorant,
who have claims against the United States, and
who are put under the necessity, as the law now
exists, of submitting to the most grinding oppres-
sion—the most cruel and merciless oppression—
for the purpose of getting their claims brought for-
ward and sanctioned here in Congress, or before
the Executive Departments.
It was intended, in the second place, to protect
the United States, because, as the law stands at
present, the largest inducements are held out to
crafty or dishonestTmen to get up, by whatever
means, maintain, and carry through before the
Departments, or before Congress, claims that are
really unfounded, or claims that are greatly exag-
gerated. The bill, as drawn, sought to accom-
plish that object by a simple, plain, and practical
provision; in the first place, that assignments of
contracts for pay, claims, or portions of claims,
should be made void until the claim should have
been settled,its amount ascertained,and a warrant
drawn for its payment; when the claimant,know-
ing what he was entitled to, and having the legal
means to possess himself of Jt, no longer needed
our assistance or protection, and could make what
disposition he pleased of it. There is no hardship
in that, certainly.
My friend from Kentucky speaks about the as-
signment of property. Why,-sir, a claim against
the Government is not property. According'to
the piinciples of those "Old Fogies'—our old
English ancestors, in the timeof Henry V1U. and
before—no debt was the subject of assignment—■
founded upon the principle,, that if A- owes B
money, B 'cannot make-A debtor to C without'the
consent of A. - Thfe assignability "of ^contracts is -
a matter of positive law, and - they are- assigned,
or they are made unassignable, just in proportion
as public policy and the interests of the country
require. Hence, we here, and in England, have
allowed the ordinary securities of the country to"
be assignable. We have allowed promissory notes
to be assignable, putting them upon the footing'of
those foreign commercial securities known as bills
of exchange. But, to this day, open, unliquidated
contracts are not the subjects of assignment by
law; and such assignments are merely void, except
as courts of equity, for certain purposes, assume
jurisdiction over them, and exercise a large discre-
tion to do justice.
The next object was to protect the Government,
by preventing the Executive officers of the Gov-
ernment from employing themselves, while they
hold office under the Government-.of the United
States, and are.paid by the Government of the
United States, from availing themselves of their
opportunities to hunt up and to prosecute claims
against the Government. It is needless for me to
say to what crying abuses such a privilege has
already led, anu must continue to lead, unless it
is put an end to.
Then, the committee incorporate-another pro-
vision into this bill, for the purpose of prohibiting
the discharge of similar services, for compensa-
tion, by members' of either House of Congress,
That would have been, by me, incorporated into
the original bill, if F had, at the moment; seen the
precise mode which the committee hit upon, of so
passing a law as not to impede members of Con-
gress in the discharge of those quasi duties which
they owe to their constituents, of attending to their
interests.
If there are any further evils to correct, let my
fiiend from Kentucky bring forward his bill to
remedy them. He has undertaken to enumerate
evils. His enumeration, when "we come to exam-
ine it, is entirely imperfect. He talks about'those
cases of 44 champerty,)" and the cases of "mainte-
nance," which he says, according to common ru-
mor affect the proceedings of Congress,-and affect
the proceedings of the Executive Departments. -
Well now, according to common rumor, there is
another class of evils of that kind, to which my
friend has not alluded at all. It is said that some-
times measures are carried here; it, is said that
sometimes measures are carried through the Exec-
utive Departments; it is said that sometimes ap-
pointments are obtained under the" very gentle but
powerful influence -of the other sex. "Under what
head of the "old fogy" titles of theancientdays he
would have included that particular adverse and
rious influence, (if he so considers it,) I do
not exactly know, for he has not said. I know
but one, and that is theold offense of " embracery."
[Laughter.] But, Mr. President, I am sorry to
be led into anything like a jocose remark upon
this subject. This bill is an important one. It is
calculated, as far as it goes, to do good, and, so
far as I can see, to do no harm. I hope the Sen-
ate will not recommit it. It ou^ht not to be de-
layed. Every hour that it remains here until it
becomes a law, is only-extending the period within
which those harpies that play upon the ignorant
and undesigning may secure to themselves, in an-
ticipation of its passage, the assignments which
they will afterwards be able to enforce. I hope
we shall pass the bill. If there are other evils to
be corrected, let my friend bring forward his bill.
This has been carefully considered. It has been
matured by the Committee on Claims. Amend-
ments hive been proposed by that committee.
Those amendments have been sanctioned by the
Senate. It is now ready for its passage. I hope
that we shall not postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill, because it does not reach all im-
aginable or unimaginable evils.
"Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I did
not object to the bill solely upon the ground that
it did not propose a remedy for all imaginable evils.
I objected to the bill because it had positive de-
fects, as well as omissions, in my opinion. One
