428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Virginia
scarcely could have attended to the reading of the
report, or he cannot be in earnest when he ex-
presses any doubt as to the duty of the Govern-
ment to pay-the principal. This contract was
made for the transportation of a daily mail. The
Postmaster General, arbitrarily, without any
authority in the law, and without any authority
in the contract, reduced the service one seventh.
Now he had no right whatever to violate this con-
tract. He made the contract for carrying the
mail daily over the route, and then reduced it one
seventh. And for what? For the purpose of re-
lieving himself and the Department from embar-
rassment. He had no right to make this reduction,
either from the law, or the terms of the contract.
Mr. HUNTER. I know nothing about the
terms of the contract; but I wish to ask whether
there was any provision in the contract that the
Postmaster General might discontinue the whole
service whenever he should choose to do it?
Mr. RUSK. The route and the whole service
might be discontinued, if Congress chose to dis-
continue the route. Or if, in the opinion of the
Postmaster General, the entire route was use-
less, he might discontinue the entire service, but
with a compensation to the contractors which
he understood at the time he entered into the
contract, and that was one month's extra pay.
The Postmaster General could discontinue the
whole service by giving one month's extra pay;
and if he chose to send the mail on another
route, then Congress ^discontinued the route.
But in this instance, the Postmaster General vi-
olates the terms of the contract for the benefit of
the Department. It is not pretended nor stated
anywhere that such is not the fact. It is not
slated that there was any less necessity for carry-
ing a daily mail after the contract was made than
at the time it was made. And it is shown that
there wns constantly a necessity for a daily mail,
by the fact that afterwards a new contract was
made for carrying the mail daily. Testimony
was produced before (he committee, showing that
there was great inconvenience, not only with re-
gard to tin# mail, but with regard to the business
and the travel on that route, in consequence of the
negicct to run the stages on one day in the week.
Not only individuals engaged in business, but
everybody in that vicinity demanded that this man
should go on and comply with his contract. He
did so, and Government has pocketed the benefit
of the services which he rendered in strict com-
pliance with his contract. The simple question is,
has the Postmaster General, when he is authorized
by no law, simply on account of the embarrass-
ment of the Department, a right to violate a con-
tract between him and another party? Even if it
were put upon the ground that the service was
not necessary, the contractor would be entitled to
compensation according to the law.
Now with regard lo the interest. In the case of
Mr. Dwinell, which was discussed the other day,
I believe the Senator from Delawaie put the re-
fusal to pay interest, on the ground that he had
stepped over his rights, and did not, demand them;
ana because I could not answer a question put by
the Senator from Georgia, and show that Mr.
Dwinell htul commenced a prosecution imme-
diately, and had made his demand upon the Gov-
ernment, his interest wns struck out. But the
case is very different with regard to this claim.
This party has made his demand for interest all
the time; he came here as early as 1839 and made
his claim. I do not think, under the circum-
stances, it can be pretended that the Postmaster
General had the slightest right to violate—as he
did violate—this continct. It therefore becomes
a just, and equitable debt against the United
States, beginning m 1837, and here it has been
every session of Congress. Because we have de-
layed the payment of the claim, is it his fault?
Here is a man who performed his contract, the
Government taking the benefit of his services, and
vet he has been constantly asking you to pay, and
has failed to obtain it on account of our delay.
The interest has accrued because you have ne-
glected to do him justice before.
Mr. BADGER. According to the terms of the
contract entered into with the Postmaster General,
it was agreed between the two parties that the con-
tractor should transport a daily mail upon this
route. There was a power reserved to the Post-
master General,and but one power; and that was,
to make the contract cease. And in order to put
an end to the contract, either for the whole dis-
tance, or for any portion of the distance, one of
two things must happen: either that Congress
should discontinue the post route, or that the Post-
master General should himself discontinue it, upon
the ground that it had ceased to be necessary; that
it had become useless. That is the state of the
case. The Postmaster General had a right to
make an end to the contract, but he had no right
to alter the terms of the contract, to continue to
enforce it as to a part, and put it out of force as to
the rest. The honorable Senator from Virginia
says, that if he had a right to put an end to the
contract altogether, he had a right to put an end to
a part. Surely that is very inconclusivereasoning.
Two men may enter into a contract, and there may
be terms used to give liberty to the parties to take
such a position as if the contract had never been
made in a certain event; but surely it would be
very strange to say, that the contract shall be in
force for so much, and not in force for the residue.
I undertake to say there is no foundation for such
a position. The Postmaster General had a. right
to put an end to the contract; but if it was in force
at all, it was in force altogether. When he said,
You shall not carry the mail seven days ina week,
and shall carry it but six days in a week, his decla-
ration was absolutely illegal; it was in violation
of law, and of the contract. The Postmaster Gen-
eral has no more control over such a contract than
one individual has over his own contract with an-
other, except so far as some law gives him control,
or some reservation in the contract has put it in
his power to control it. He says to this man, I
do not put an end to the contract. Not at all.
But I say, you shall carry the mail six days in the
week, and not seven. Now, the Senator from
Virginia says, if the contracter did not like that,
all he had to do was to put an end to the contract,
by refusing to carry the mail at all. I deny that
conclusion. If the order of the Postmaster Gen-
eral was illegal, then the contract stood as if he
had not made the order. The contractor stood
ready to perform the whole service, and he had a
right to do it; and if he had a right to perform the
service, he had a right to the compensation. The
whole question, then, is, whether officers of the
United States have a right to make contracts and
violate them.
With regard to the payment of interest, I agree,
to a considerable extent, with the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida, that Government should set an
example of doing perfect justice, and should apply
the same rules with respect to claims upon the
Government that it is in the habit of enforcing in
order to secure justice to itself. There is no other
rule. Now if this were the case of an individual,
I would be extremely glad to know upon what
principle the interest should be denied on this
chum for a single hour. A certain sum of money
became due to this person for the discharge of his
contract, and the Postmaster General refused to
pay him a portion of it; he withheld and kept it.
It was a sum certain then due. The party to pay
knew what he had to pay, and the party to receive
knew what he had to receive. I undertake to say,
that under such circumstances, there is no court
in the world—or, at least, no court where the
common law prevails, that would fail to award to
the claimant the interest on the debt. It is due on
the principal, which was agreed to be paid at a
certain time. If the amount is absolutely certain,
and if payment is refused, it is clear that in every
such case interest is due. Therefore, in such a
case as this, as it is a plain rule of justice between
individuals, as it is a rule which Government in-
flexibly enforces upon all its debtors, Government
cannot maintain its integrity in its dealings with-
out doing to others what it requires others to do
to it.
I admit that if a person has a claim against the
Government of the United States—a claim, as we
lawyers call it, sounding in damages—if demands
are made and investigation is had to ascertain what
is due, Government stands with regard to that just
as individuals do. If one individual has a demand
against another for damages, uncertain in amount,
the law itself does not give interest upon these
damages. There are cases in which interest may
be given as a matter of discretion, but cannot be
taken as a matter of right. The same rule applies
here. If a man has preferred his claim against
the Government and manifested his right, and
there is proof that Government has not made pro-
vision to pay, either for want of time to pass
upon it in Congress or for any other reason, I say
that in such a case there is a right to the interest
from the time he has verified his claim. With
regard to the right of this particular claimant there
is no manner of doubt. If the Postmaster General
had said, 1 will reduce the service to carrying the
mail twice or three times in a week, the man might
have disposed of his horses, his stages, and his
drivers; but here he was required to discontinue
for one day only, and of course all the expense
for horses, coaches, and drivers, had to be kept
up. He did not save one dollar of expense in con-
sequence of the diminution of the service, but he
was deprived of his compensation. It was unjust
in the extreme, and plainly illegal, and therefore,
as the Senator from Vermont has said, this man
has a clear claim for principal and interest upon
legal grounds, as well as upon principles of equity
and justice, which 1 hope we shall never forget in
this Hall.
Mr. HUNTER. I confess that in relation to
the principal, I find I was mistaken. When I
expressed an opinion a short time ago, 1 had had
no other opportunity to examine the case, except
as I got it from the hasty reading of the bill and
report from the desk of the Secretary. 1 am now
inclined to think, upon further examining it, that
the Postmaster General had not authority to cur-
tail the service as he did. But, sir, in relation to
the interest, it is quite a different matter; and it
seems to me that if we are going to make this a
test question in relation to the subject of interest,
it had better be laid over until we have a fuller
Senate. It is a very important question. I am
far from agreeing that the same rule should gov-
ern us in the payment of interest, which would
govern a private individual. Why, a private in-
dividual may at any time make a tender and pay
his debt; and a private individual in general has
the protection of the statute of limitations. Here
every claim is presented, no matter how old; and
what an inducement, what a temptation, do we
not hold out to persons to keep back their claims,
and not to urge a speedy settlement, if we allow
interest? Even adopting the rule laid down by
the Senator from North Carolina, that interest
must be paid from the time when the demand is
made, how easy would it be for any man to file
his petition and then to say to his friend: You
need not push it at this session, nor the next
session, for I am not ready, for this reason or that.
And after a long lapse of time, when it would be
difficult to sift and examine testimony, then he
may come in and get his claim passed, and get a
large sum for arrearages of interest.
if you allow interest in such a case as this, I
cannot see why it should not be allowed in any
case in which you admit that an individual is en-
titled to money and to relief from this Govern-
ment. And if you do allow interest on such
claims as this, there is no telling where these de-
mands will end. I believe it is the principle of
all Governments to deny interest in cases of this
sort. I believe it is a principle, that the Govern-
ment is presumed to be always ready to pay.
Such certainly is the case with our Government,
as soon as a claim is ascertained to be due. But
how is that to be ascertained ? Why, first, if the
individual has a legal claim, he goes to the proper
accounting officer and it is passed there—at least,
such is the presumption. We have proper ac-
counting officers, and we make laws for their
guidance in the settlement of legal claims. If
an individual has no legal claim, but chooses to
appeal to the equity of the case, he acmes here,
and it is to be presumed that finally it will be
passed, if it is just and equitable. We know,
however, that this is a cumbrous and inefficient
body for the examination of claims; and are we
to make the United States liable for interest in
every case in which this body may fail to act
speedily upon claims after a demand is made, no
matter how old the claim may be ? If we estab-
lish such a principle as this, we shall find that the
public Treasury will soon be involved in embar-
rassments which we little anticipate.
Besides that, if we adopt this principle we shall
be holding out temptations to persons to keep
back their claims until it would be difficult to con-
trovert them, m order that they may obtain inter-
est. I believe that when a man has a claim
which is not founded on law, and which he can-
