2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
ANTHONY W. WHITE.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Anthony W. White, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
ft provides for the payment to the legal repre-
sentatives of Anthony W. White, late a colonel
in the first regiment of Virginia light dragoons of
the Continental line of the revolutionary Army,
$13,051 87; being the interest, at six per cent., of
$3,750, from the 4th of July, 1780, to the 7th of
July, 1838, during which time the-last-named sum jj
had been advanced to and kept by the United jj
States. ij
Mr. BAYARD. That bill involves the naked j!
question of interest on a claim which Congress \\
allowed without interest. J!
Mr. WALKER. That is the fact; and this is II
a bill on which I designed to bring up the question I;
of interest fully before the Senate. This is the !;
case of an advance of money; and when the Sen- '
•ate consider it, I hope they will make it a test !l
question as to the allowance of interest. !l
Mr. BAYARD. The question of interest in- i,
volved in this bill is one which I propo.se to dis- i'
cuss. !i
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over. j]
H. L. KENDRICK. h
The bill for the relief of Brevet Major H. L. j
Rend rick was read a second time, and considered I
as in Committee of the Whole. j1
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi- ji
cers to allow Brevet Major Kendrick, of the sec- p
ond artillery, $1,294 66, in the settlement of his j;
accounts, for sales made by him by order of Gen- |l
oral Worth, of certain ordnance, property belong- i
mg to the "United States, at PuebJa, Mexico, in h
June, 1848, this sum being so much of the pro- !'
ceeds of the .sale as was stolen from him at Jalapa !■
whde transporting the same to Vera Cruz. ;!
The bill was reported to the Senate without ii
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. ■■
JOHN TUCKER. |
The bill for the relief of John Tucker was read ;
n second time, and considered as in Committee of !
the Wlmlc. i
It proposes to direct tiie Secretary of War to I
pay to John Tucker, of Florida, the amount to 1
which he would have been entitled, under the act 1
of March 3d, 1845, providing for the payment of .
certain military services in Florida, if his name .
had appeared upon the roll as a private m Major ,
jsnac Garrison's command. 1
Mr. FELClrJ called for the reading of the re- j
port of the Committee on Claims; and it was ac- .
c.ordingly read.
It appears that John Tucker, in the year 1838,
was mustered into the military service of the Uni-
ted Stales, in Captain Henley's company, Major
(ranicon's battalion of Florida volunteers, and
served in the campaign against the Indians as a
private, and, in addition, performed the duties of '
chaplain, but received jio compensation m either
capacity. When it was ascertained that the com-
pany would be mustered out of service, Mr. '
Tucker was appointed by Major Garrison a chap- .
lain, and, as such, was mustered out of the ser-
vice, and his name taken from the roll ol Captain
Henley's company. Had it not been for this, lie
would have received pay as a private, under the
act of March 3d, 1845; but as he receive'! no pay
in either capacity, and as it is difficult to ascertain
the length of time for which he served as chaplain,
the committee think he ought to be allowed the '
pay of a private for the time he was in the ser-
vice.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third leading.
•JOHN BOVI).
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to tne consideration of the bill for the
reliet of John Boyd, of Louisiana, which proposes
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior fo pay to
said Boyd the sum of ^75, being the amoantdue
him as compensation for extra' expenses while ,
engaged in faking the census in the parish of Iber-
ville, in the State of Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
MARY E. D. BLANEY.
The bill for the relief of Mary E. D. Blaney,
wiciow of the late Major George Blaney, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the proper officer to pay
to her $1,156 68, interest on money belonging to
her, and %vithheld by an erroneous decision of
officers of the Government.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, after the word " pay," the following:
Out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appio-
priated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask for the reading of
the report. j
It was read accordingly, and shows that Major !
Blaney was an officer of the corps of United States
Topographical Engineers, and forseveral years pre-
vious to his death.in 1835, was employed in -super-
intending the erection of the fortifications at Oak
Island and Cape Fear river, in Xortli Carolina, and
was required to act as disbursing officer and as as-
sistant commissary of subsistence at thof-e points, ,
for which he claimed commissions and compensa- !
tion to the amount of $6,401 48, which was disal-
lowed by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
It appears that, at the time of his death, he had
on deposit m the bank at Fayetteviiie, North j
Carolina, to his credit, s*3,l82 55, of which amount j
$2,438 12 was claimed as his private fund, and for \
which he gave a check to the petitioner. On pre- \
sentationof the check, payment was declined until J
the Department had been consulted. The Acting I
Secretary of War directed that the money in the 1
bank, standing to the credit of Major Blaney, 1
should hecanied to the credit of the Treasurer of ;
the United States, which was accordingly done. ;
After the decision of the parallel case of Major i
Delafiekl, in 1^44, where the legality of similar i
charges was brought before the circuit com t for |
the district of New York, and sustained by Judge ;
Betts, (which decision was confirmed by an equal \
division of the Bench of the Supreme Court,) the
charges of Major Blaney were allowed by the no- t
counting officers, so as to leave a balance to his -
credit of $1,606 50, which sum was paid to the 1
petitioner on the 15th March, 1£47. On this sum, !
so withheld for a period of nearly twelve years, 1
interest, amounting to <n1,156 68, is claimed; and ;
the committee recommend its payment. j
The bill was reported to the Smateas amended; i
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was 1
oulered to be engrossed for a third reading. i
MARY' F. B. LEVELY- I
The Senate, as in Committee ol' the Whole, con- |
sidered the bill for the relief Mary F. B. Le\ely. 1
It proposes to authorize theSecietiry of the In-'
tenor to pay to hertheamount which herdeceased
husband, Captain Ilenry Levely, would have re- \
ceived, if his pension had been continued from the i
liiot day of July, 1^37, to the tune when all pen- ,
sions wiii'di were paid from the anotvprietions j
made by Congress, m conscquenc- of the exhaus- '
tion of the privateer pension fund, censed. 1
The bill was reported to >he Senate without
amendment, ond ordered to be engrossed for a ,
third readme".
T. P. McBLAtn.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, con- 1
sidered the bill for the relief of Purser T P. Mc-
Blair, which proposes to authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury in adjusting the accounts
of Purser Thomas P. McBlair, to allow htm the
several sums paid b} him, as purser of rhe Unii^d.
Slates steamer Puneefon, to V/illum Taylor, act-
ing boatswain; to John 11. CV.s/ley, f carpen- .
tor; and to Armstrong Fhoift 'V;-,aciin^; :■ t.hnaker;
who were employed on t'1 i< steamr, by !r*: i-o.-n-
mnndmg office!, which sums were dis.tHowed by
the accon umg officers of the Treasury, for the
reason that tap peisons to whom the payments
.y/ere m-de were not moulded m the nrmber per-
mitted by law, of officers of the giade.% to which
they were respectively np'i'ointcd.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered u> be c )gros,-'ed for a
third readi.ig.
LEONARJj SKINNER.
The Setiace considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, House bill for the reliefof Sergeant Leon-
ard Skinner, which proposes to authorize the ,
Secretary of the Interior to cause to be issued to
Leonard Skinner, late sergeant in Captain New-
ton's company of the United States regiment of
mounted riflemen, a military bounty land warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land; and that
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
required to adjust his accounts and pay the same,
in the same manner as if he had been of age and
regularly discharged.
Mr. SHIELDS. The only question in this
case, is in regard to the person being a minor.
The bill was reported to the Senate, read a third
time, and passed.
SAMUEL PRrOLEAU.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased, ft pro-
poses to authorize the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to the legal ie!>re.-,enuuives
of Simuel Prioleau, late of Charleston, South
Carolina, the sum of $>6,928 60, being m full com-
pensation for property taken from him at Charles-
ton, for the use of the United States, during the
revolutionary war.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I wish to submit an
amendment, to insert after the word cents" the
words, " together with interest thereon from the
28th of January, 1795."
Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to discuss that
amendment if it is proposed. I do not object to
the bill itself.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that if he presses his
amendment the bill will probably have to go over,
and I submit to him whether it will not he better
to allow it to pass as it came from the committee,
rather than to have it postponed 51
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris in
the chair.) Does the Chair understand the Sen-
ator from Delaware to object to the bill?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not object to the bill, but
to the amendment, which allows interest. I must
discuss that question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will surest to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to withdraw his propo-
sition for interest, and let the bill pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I would -suggest, that if the
bill passes in its present shape, it will riot pre-
clude the payment of interest upon a subsequent
application, if the Senate shall determine to allow
interest in any case.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. T withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
PRISCILLA C. SIMQNDS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill for the relief of Priscilla C.
Simonds, which proposes io authorize the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to pay to Pris-
cilla C. Simonds the sum of §418, the value of the
property of the late Captain Moses H. Simonds,
whi"h was taken possession of by authority of
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
C. E. GRENEAUX.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered " the bill for the relief of C. E. Gre-
neaux:" which proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to examine the claim of the United
States against C. E. Greneaux, one of the sure-
ties of Benoist Laurents, late a receiver of public
moneys at the land office at Natchitoches, in Loui-
siana, and the circumstances of Greneaux, and to
settle and discharge the claim upon such terms as
he shall judge most for the interest of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SALLY J. MATHEWS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill for the relief of Sally J. AjV
thews; which proposes to authorise the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be paid to her the ssmu
of $351, ia full compensation for trie services of
her late husband, William P, Mather •, a:- an
extra clerk in th.it Department, between the first
of September, 1849, and the fourteenth day of
May, 1843.
