1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
of the defects which I pointed out was a prohibi-
tion, of the right to transfer, a just claim against
the Government even.to secure-a bonajide debt, or
a sum of money advanced. Now, I know* as
welLas my friertd^from North Carolina, whose
astuteness as a lawyer I have had many occasions
to test and to admire, that, according to the old
' common laWi'choses in action were not assignable.
•But*! know perfectly "well that the policy of this
country in many .States has-modifiea, apd. in very
many'"instancesrif not in every case in all the
States, has repealed this old common-law rule, and
..madfe clioses in action transferable and assignable.
That is,the rule in my .own *3tate. That being the
lajv in my'own-State, I want to secure to the citi-
zens of my State the same privileges in reference
to a claim against the Government of the United
States*that they would have in reference to claims
.amongst each other. • I want them to have a
right t6 use- those claims in the advancement of
thejjx personal interests-, for lawful and legitimate
objects. But at the same time that I" want to se-
cure that, I am for punishing them for making any
improper use of this privilege. I make that dis-
tinction. ' So much for the argument of my friend
on that point.
Now, 1 have to inform him, by way of correc-
tion, as he corrected me the other day in a calcu-
lation—and I take pleasure in paying him back—
that he1 was in error. -I like to discharge all debts.
My ffiend from North Carolina was so anxious
to'.display his wit—as he generally does upon oc-
casions' of this sort—that lie did not attend to the
reading of the provisions of my substitute. I
wish to read a'pordon of it to him again; and he
will find that even "embracerj/," to use his own
term, is provided for. My substitute provides—
"Nor, shall any person tvhatcvei reoeivc any ^i(t, pies-
ent, fee, or reward lor his oi hor influence to he fvi-rcis-cd
in any manner whatever in piocurni^ the pas>a<:e of a law,
ornn appiopiiation by the L'omjres-* of the United State* in
favor of any individual, company, corporation, or State, or
for recommending a peison,or u>ing ius oi hei influence to
procure an appointment, or oHioe for any peison."
So, then, it will be perceived that my friend's
fruitful imagination-in imputing defects to my
proposition, has failed on the present occasion. I
knew his great susceptibility to that kind of in-
fluence, which seems to have entered into his
thoughts. That ethereal sex has as much influ-
ence upon me, 1 hope, as upon him. I wanted to
guard both him and me against it. Therefore I
provided for it in my amendment.
I hope that, ns no great delay can occur from
this matter again going before the Committee on
Claims, who have prepared this bill, and as really
the subject, in my humble judgment, is one that is
of vast importance to this country, and to our own
honor and credit, it may be permitted to take that
course, and let the committee see whether there
are any suggestions in my ptoposition worthy of
consideration. If there he not, then they can re-
port the bill back to-morrow, or the next day, and
I shall be content. I have no pride of opinion in
this matter—none whatever. I have already ac-
counted for the reason why I could not attend
the matter earlier. I do not care about making'
any argument. I do not feel any kind of gratifi-
cation in submitting a speech on (he subject. I
have acted because this matter, while 1 was a
member of the Committee on Claims, was occa- !
sionally talked of in that committee, and because j
one branch of this amendment has been a matter
that I have looked at for years, for it grew out of.
personal and family transactions, and it could not
escape me. Having thought upon it in the man-
ner I have done, I deemed it proper to bring it to
the attention of the Senate. !
One remark more. Wegentlemen here are to
blame, in a great degree, for all this, by not pro- '
viding a board, or court of claims, before which
the claims against the Government could be set-
tled. If we had an efficient court, or board of
claims, which should considcrall claims piesented
against the Government, you would never hear of
those personal imputations which this bill unfor- i
tunately provides for against members of Con- j
gress. These claims would then go through a !
judicial tribunal. That tribunal would settle the I
merits of the claims, and report to us what allow- !
ance ought to be made. If we thought they were ■
improperly settled, we could exercise a sort of re-
vising control over the board. I humbly conceive,
that while we arc upon this subject, members of
Congress cannot do better than to reflect seriously S
upon the propriety of. establishing a board of
claims, before whom these cases should be ad-
judicated, and thus take them away from the action
of members of Congress until they shall have been
adjudicated by such a board.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. president, I do not think
my friend has relieved himself at all from the diffi-
culty which I pointed out to him; for when you
come to consider his proposition, it merely ex-
cludes the influence to which l have alluded when
that influence is given for " fee or reward." Now,
the danger of that influence is the higher when .it
is not mercenary, but is gratuitous, and more com-
pletely takes away from those upon whom it is
brought to bear, the-calm exercise of a judicious
understanding. That is my answer. 1 will' not
go into the question of the propriety of the estab-
lishment of a board of claims, for I do not see
exactly that it has much to do with this question.
Mr. MASON. I think it is perfectly manifest
to the Senate that the unfortunate difference be-
tween the honorable Senators from North Caro-
lina and Kentucky is irreconcilable; arid as the
hour is late, 1 move an adjournment.
The motion was not agieed to.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I cannot vote
for the recommitment of this bill, for the reason
that! think the evils intended to be remedied are,
so far as legislation can prevent them, already
provided for by the bill as reported by the com-
mittee. The main object of the bill is, as I un-
derstand, to reach a class of cases which cannot,
in any other way than that pointed out by this
bill, be reached. It is known that persons having
claims against the Government, who are unin-
formed in relation to their rights, are necessarily
compelled to employ others to prosecute those
claims. As the practice now is, the whole of the
compensation, and the rights of the parties, depend
to a great extent, upon the agents for claims. The
object of this bill is to shift and to change the
character of the lights of the parties, so that the
j claimant himself, or herself, may have it in his or
1 her power to make such compensation as he or
I she may think proper, and not leave it to any
' agent to demand just such compensation as he
may think proper.
According to the decision of Attorney General
Gilpin, at a former day, upon common-law prin-
ciples, the agent or attorney had a lien m the De-
partment upon the recovery, against the Govern-
ment for the amount of the contract, be it one half,
or more or less. The Attorney General, in the
case of an Indian, decided that inasmuch as the
recovery was the result of the labor of the attorney,
he had a hen, upon common-law principles, to the
extentof his contract, upon the recovery, and that
it must be paid to the agent, and to nobody else.
I When Governor Marcy was Secretary of War,
that rule was reversed. But since that time, I un-
■ derstand that the opinion of Attorney General
j Gilpin now prevails m the Departments, and that
, when an individual recovers a claim, a caveatis filed
J at once for ten, twenty, thirty, or even fifty per
i cent., and the claimant is compelled to yield to
j whatever the agent may demand of him, or may
: allege or prove that he has agreed, perhaps with
| an imperfect knowledge of his rights, to pay.
| The object of this bill is, that the claimant shall
i have the liberty of complying with his contract or
; not, as he shall think proper; so that the agent
| must rely exclusively upon the honor of the nidi-
i vidual who employs him. That is the great object
; of the bill. For myself, J think that there is no
; danger of a claimant failing to pay a reasonable
■ compensation, ft is utterly impossible to prevent
■ champerty. All that Congress can do, is to
! throw the parties upon the contract, and if indi-
\ viduals make contracts, let them go to the courts
i of justice to enforce them. Let us not give these
' agents the privilege of filing their caveats m the
' Departments, and prevent honest claimants from
getting their money, after having been delayed
year after year in procuring it.
This is the great object of the bill. There are
other provisions with reference to members of
Congress, and preventing them from prosecuting
claims for a consideration. This is right and
proper. But, as to the amount of penalty to be
annexed, we know that it never will be enforced.
If persons are disposed to avoid it, they will do so.
But, according to the provisions of the bill—and
\ this is one of its main features—they must go into
: the courts of justice, in order to enforce their con-
j tracts. I do not see that the bill could be much
! benefited by a recommitment. The Committee on
Claims have carefully considered the matter, and
I think the bill which they have reported is a very
good one.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have only to say, that I
concur in the views expressed by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, and by the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi. I think this is a
very good bill as it stands. It goes pretty far.
I I do not wish to detain the Senate by any remarks.
I will, therefore, merely say, that I hope the mo-
tion to_ recommit the bill to the Committee on
Claims will not prevail, but that we shall pass it
at once.
The motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. -
Wednesday,*!/ 12, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan. _
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRINTING OP CONGRESS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
make a report from the House members of the
Committee on Printing, and I hope that by unan-
imous consent of the House, the report will be
ordered to be printed, and that its consideration
will be postponed until Tuesday-next, or to any
other day that suits the convenience of the
House.
Mi. HOUSTON. I object to the reception of
the report, if it is to be postponed until any day
that will give it the preference over other busi-
ness.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
istheconsideration of the report from the Commit-
tee on Printing. The gentleman from Kentucky
proposes to make an additional report from the
same committee. There is a rule which gives
that committee power to report at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Print-
ing have a right "to report in connection with the
current printing; but will the Chair decide that
they have a right to report in favor of private
claims that have been referred to them, so as to
give those claims a preference over claims referred
to other committees? I must object to the report,
if it is to take precedence over the regular business.
Mr. OLDS. I make another point of order,
and it is this: that the regular order of business is
the consideration of a report from the Committee
on Printing, which, being a privileged question,
cannot be superseded by another privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Twenty-first joint rule
is as follows:
ft shall bo m order for the. Committee on Printing to
report at any time."
The Chair therefore overrules the point of order
made by the gentleman from Alabama, but sus-
tains the point made by the gentleman from Ohio.
The consideration of a report from that commit-
tee, made in accordance with the rules, must take
precedence of another report from that committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for, and the Chair has stated
it.
Mr. FITCH. I understand, then, that the re-
| port from the Committee on Printing is the reg-
ular order of business, and that it is now under
consideration. I ask that the resolution may be
read.
_ The SPEAKER. The question is on the adop-
tion of the following resolution, reported from the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing, under the
joint resolution of the third of August, 1846,have power
1 to adopt such measures as may be deemed neces?ary to
e remedy any neglect or delay ou the part of the contractor
{to etccutp the work ordered by Congress, and to make a
(pro rata deduction in the compensation allowed, or refuse
' the work altogether, should it he interior to the standaid ;
£ and in all cases may hold the contractor and his securities
'responsible for any increased expendituie consequent
1 upon the non-performance of his contract."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
