1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not get passed at the proper Department by the
accounting officers, when he comes here merely
to appeal to our equity, oftener than otherwise
such claims are passed from a sentiment of be-
nevolence rather than from a sense of justice. I
believe it would be exceedingly dangerous to al-
low interest in such a case. It would be carrying
this principle of equity, this idea of generosity on
which claims are based, quite too far if we were
to do this.
The Senator from Florida says that this ques-
tion is to be tested on .this bill. If it is to be tested
it ought to be tested in a full Senate. I hope'
thei efore, that this bill will be laid over until we
shall have more Senators present, in order that we
may settle the principle on the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUSK. I hope this bill will not be laid
over. The question on the amendment will not
decide the principle as to whether the Government
will pay interest or not in all cases. The honor-
able Senator from Virginia concedes that this is a
just debt, and that it ought to be paid. The facts
of the case establish such a conclusion beyond
a doubt. I hope, then, that no apprehension,
founded on the negligence of Congress in investi-
gating this claim heretofore, will induce the Senate
to postpone until to-morrow that which appeals to
our sense of justice to-day. If we pass this bill
to-day as it is, it does not follow that to-morrow
we shall be compelled to pay interest on every
other claim. Your statute-books are full of such
allowances. It is a question of justice toward a
creditor of the Government, and 'I apprehend that
fifty cases like this might be found where interest
has been allowed. Yet, no principle binding on
Congress, no piecedent is set by them. This is
a solitary case. It stands on its own merits. Here
we have a debt which, it is admitted on all hands,
is due. Why, then, should we oppose the pay-
ment of interest on a debt admitted to be due ? All
admit that this debt was due to the individual in
1836. The facts of the case will not warrant any
other conclusion. There has been no laches on the
part of this individual. There has been no delay
on his part. If the honorable Senator would ex-
amine the papers in the case, he would see that
the individual was anxious to get his money as
early as he could. As soon as it was due, he
asked it from the Department. He then called on
Congress the very year following. The simple
question now is—it being admitted on all hands
that this money is due—whether we will pay in-
terest on it, or whether we will turn him off'with-
out interest? Apprehensions may be entertained
in regard to the managers of claims, and whether
they push them forward or not; but this man is
not responsible for the fault of others. He is not
lesponsible for those who may trump up claims j
against the Government, and seek to get interest.
He is not, and ought not to be, by any logical de-
duction, made to suffer for the carelessness and
delay of Congress in adjusting his claim. Heper-
formed services for the Government in 1837, for
which all admit he should be paid. The Govern-
ment have enjoyed for fifteen years together the
profits of his services. They have all that length
of time kepi this money which is justly due to
him. Now, the simple question is, not an estab-
lishment of a principle which is to bankrupt the
Treasury, but an appeal to the discretion of Sen-
ators, whether or not interest ought not to be al-
lowed in addition to the principal.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not my intention to con-
test the principal which is claimed in this case,
though I by no means can admit even that that
might not be contested successfully. I agree that
on the terms of the contract, as stated by the hon-
orable Senators from North Carolina and Vermont,
there was no power given to the Postmaster Gen-
eral to curtail the contract. Be it so. But we
must know the exact terms of the order he gave.
He had power, under the contract, to discontinue
the service altogether. It is perfectly proved that
he could not, under it, give an order to the party
to perform service only six or five days out of the
service, or on alternate days; but suppose the or-
der is, "I considerthattheinterests oftheGovern-
ment require that the mail should be transported
only oil six days in the week; if you are willing to
modify your contract I will continue it; if you
will not, I will discontinue it altogether." Had
not the Postmaster General power to impose
those terms upon the party? If the party assents
to that—and that I believe was the provision which
429
existed before new provisions were inserted in
m°te moieni contracts—of course he becomes
bound by it. In this particular case, it seems
™at the individual chose to transport the mail on
the additional day on the request of citizens in
the neighborhood. Although thePostmaster Gen-
eral had no power which he could exercise directly
m ordering the curtailing of the contract, yet it
might be exercised under the general power of dis-
continuance by an order for its discontinuance, if
the party did not assent to the curtailment. That
that power has been exercised in cases of a simi-
lar character, I am well satisfied. Whether those
were the terms of the order in this particular case,
I have no knowledge.
I am not disposed, however, to deny the relief
to the petitioner to the extent of the principal
sum claimed.
On the question of interest it is more important,
and I hope the Senate will postpone the further
consideration of the subject, because, to my mind,
it has been placed by the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Badger,] and the Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Mallory,] upon grounds differing from
those upon which I supposed it ought to stand. I
do not feel prepared, at present, to go into the sub-
ject as extensively as I might do in case it was
| postponed. I will state generally, however, that
the view I take in relation to this matter of interest
is this: except where there is an agreement fopay
interest, there is no moral obligation to pay it. All
the rest is conventional. It is not a question of
justice. It is purely a question of conventional
law; and you may authorize that interest shall be
recovered as between individuals in different States,
according to the statutes or enactments. There is
no question of justice about it. It is merely a con-
ventional question and a question of expediency.
Accordingly you will find in some countries, that
interest is allowed at one rate, and in others at a
higher rate, according to the exigencies of the
country in which the law exists. And ynu will
find that ill certain classes of claims, interest is al-
lowed in some States of the Union, and in Great
Britain, but in other countries it is not allowed,
because it is considered contrary to the policy or to
the arbitrary laws of the country. There is no
principle of morals which requires the payment of
interest upon a claim, unless it is founded upon an
express agreement to pay it, or unless the laws of
a particular country demand that it should be so
paid.
Then it is a mere question of statutory enact-
ment. If that be so, it is not a question of justice
as to whether this Government shall allow inter-
est to an individual on a claim after it has acknowl-
edged the claim. It is simply a question of policy
and expediency as regards the action of the Gov-
ernment. The Senator from Florida may produce
fifty cases in which interest has been allowed; but
I apprehend that more than five hundred cases
niay be found in which, although the claims were
just as meritorious as that before you, it has been
denied. In other words, the principle of this Gov-
ernment, as I understand it—no matter how it
arose—and also, I would say to the Senator from
Florida, the settled principle of the British Govern-
ment, as I have understood, is not to allow inter-
est on claims against the Government. There is
no injustice in that, if the law determines that the
Government is not to be responsible for interest.
The reason that is given is, that the Government
is always supposed to be ready to pay. And so
it is. It is ready to pay when it acknowledges the
claim; but its policy is that it shall not be respon
sible for interest. I consider that this is a neces- I
sary policy for all Governments, especially for one j
like our own, when they allow no suit against '
themselves. We require a party to come before
us when he has a claim which is' not recoverable
under your ordinary laws; if it is so recoverable,
he can get it at once. We allow him no means of j
suing the Government, but tell him he must come
before the Congress of the United States; and we |
decide in the particular case whether the claim is I
sustainable against the Government; and I am sorry !
to say that, so far as my observation extends, it :
seems to me that, instead of deciding judicially on !
general principles which ought to govern all classes [
of cases, the rule appears to be the particular par- 1
tiality or particular opinions that may be enter- \
tained of the individual merits of the case, without !
reference to any general principle. For my own j
part, under these circumstances, I should say that j
the Government could never be safe, unless it
adopted the principle of the non-payment of in-
terest on claims where there was no express agree-
ment to pay it. In the case of loans, there is aft
agieement to pay. If in the contract you agree
to pav interest, and do not do it, you commit a
bleach of morals, but in other cases you do not.
Hence it is purely a conventional question. The
reason which is given is, perhaps, though techni-
cal m its character, sound in itself. It is founded
upon this: the distinction between individuals and
Governments. As regards individuals, the debtor
is always bound to seek his creditor, and pay him
wherever he may be whenever the debt is due. In
the case of the Government, the creditor is bound
to come and demand from the Government, and
that places them in an entirely different position,
rhere is no analogy between (he cases. Besides,
even as between individuals, it is not a rule of
morality and justice that requires the payment of
interest. It is a mere positive law of the land i 
which interest is claimed. Go to England, and on
a judgment you cannot recover interest. I believe
in most of the States of the Union, interest is not.
recoverable on a judgment. The rule has been
more extended in this country than in England;
but 
Mr. BADGER. Do I understand the Senator
to say that interest cannot be recovered on a judg-
ment? J
Mr. BAYARD. In England it cannot.
Mr. BADGER. Not in an action for debt?
Mr. BAYARD. It cannot m an action of debt
or on a judgment, and 1 presume the reason of
that is, that the party having the judgment is
bound to execute it at once, and it is his duty to
do it, and if he does not, the law does not allow
him to recover interest upon it. I do not doubt
that I am right m this; but whether 1 tun or not
matters little m this case. My object is to show
that this matter of interest is conventional. In one
State, ynu find interest allowed at the rate of ten
per cent., in another at seven, in another at six,
and in other countries at four or five, as what is
called the legal rate of interest. If an obligation
of justice, independent of a positive law, would
require the payment of interest, it should be the
same in all cases; and here, if this principle of jus-
tice is applicable to the doctrine of interest, 'and
if it is not a matter of policy or expediency, the
result would be, that when a claim arises against
the United States in a State in which the usual
rate of interest was ten per cent., the Government
ought to pay ten per cent., if in a State where the
rate was seven per cent., it ought to pay seven per
cent.; if in a State where it was six per cent., it
ought to pay six per cent. But the truth is, it is
purely conventional. It is the policy of the Gov-
ernment not to admit interest upon claims, when
it has not agreed to do it, with one excepted case,
; and that is this: When a claim under the ordinary-
laws of the Government would be payable out of
your Treasury, and from a failure to appropriate
and to acknowledge the claim, which, at the mo-
i ment the appropriation is made, will be payable,
) then the principle on which the policy stands, that
the Government is always ready to pay an ac-
knowledged claim, is there violated. That is one
case where interest should be allowed. I know
of no other exception in which 1 would be willing
to pay interest. The great objection to this rule
is this: A vast number of claims may be pre-
sented here where there may be a difficulty in
i passing bills, sometimes from the want of a proper
presentation of the claim, sometimes from the want
'■ of proper evidence to support it, and at other times
possibly, though we cannot piesume that, on ac-
, count of the negligence or n fin-performance of duty
I' by the committee to which it was referred, or there
maybe higher public business m the body preeed-
, ingit,. But there are always, independent of proper
claims, a vast number of claims presented to the
Government, many of which are positively bad,
many of which are doubtful in their character. If,
, then, you adopt the principle that you will pay in-
terest upon claims, you must do it in all cases, if
you do it in any. There is nothing which dis-
tinguishes this case, that 1 can see, from any
other case m which we admit the justice of the
claim. If you admit the justice of the claim
you must admit that it was just at the time the
transaction took place. But under the rule we
contend, that if it is right it only exists, as
against the Government, from the time the Gov-
