1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
Mr. BRADBURY. I want this question to be
decided by a full Senate. It can be decided on
Monday morning.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will not
now adjourn, for there is, as I understand, a Sen-
ator present who has not voted.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—ayes
11, noes not counted.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Norris] will now be
cslled. He has not voted, and is now in his seat.
The PRESIDENT, (to the Secretary.) Call
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. NORRIS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the vote has once been declared.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not an-
nounce it as final, but said that there was no quo-
rum voting. The Chair thought that thirty-one
members did not constitute a quorum, and there-
fore said that there was no quorum voting: but if
there are any Senators here who have not voted,
they are bound to vote when called on to do so. |
Mr. NORRIS. I should have voted if I had
been in my seat when called. I do not know what
the question is.
Mr. MORTON. Will it be in order to move a
recalling of the roll?
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. BADGER. I should suppose that any
gentleman would be willing to relieve the Senate
from its present difficulty by voting.
Mr. RUSK. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow. |
Mr. HALE. Can we do that?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. We have ascertained that there
was no quorum present. Can less than a quorum
postpone a subject.
The PRESIDENT. There is a quorum now
present.
Mr. BADGER. In strictness I wish to ask
whether any motion is in order after the com-
mencement of the calling of the roll, except to
complete the taking of the vote? whether we can
go one step until we have ascertained whether we
have or have not a quorum by the polling of Sen-
ators again if necessary? and whether a motion
can be made to adjourn now, pending the taking
of a vote upon this question? I believe a motion
to adjourn is never in order when  
The PRESIDENT. It is always m order.
Mr. BADGER. It is always in order except
when a vote is being taken.
Mr. HALE. I want to state, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, what occurred formerly m a
case somewhat similar to this. I was on a former
occasion leaving the Senate when the Sergeant-at-
Arms called me back to vote. I stated that I did
not know what the question was, and the late
Vice President (Mr Dallas) explained what it
was, and I was compelled to vote.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, and that expla-
nation will now be given if the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Norms] desires it. It is cer-
tainly in strict conformity with the rule, that when
a Senator who is present is called on to vote he j
must record his vote. !
Mr. BADGER. I hope we shall not undertake
any process of compulsion upon any member who j
declines voting.
The PRESIDENT. With regard to the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator, the Chair would
remark, that when the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Norris] came in he constituted a quo-
rum, and therefore the Chair recognized a quorum j
as being present, subject to any other motion; and ;j
the proposition is to postpone the further consider- j
ation of the bill until to-morrow. 1
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Michigan !
[Mr. Cass] has just come in. I hope his name
will be called and that he will vote. 1
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the name of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soulk]
may be called. He did not respond when the roll j
was called. !
The PRESIDENT. The vote of the Senator
is recorded. j
Mr. BADGER. I hope the name of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan will be called. i
Mr. CASS. I hare just come in and do not ;
know what the question is precisely-
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon an j
amendment to strike out that portion of the bill m j
relation to the payment of interest. I
Mr. CASS. I will vote if it is necessary to
make a quorum. I will vote to strike out, in ac-
cordance with my uniform principle, that portion
providing for the payment of interest.
The name of Mr. Cass was then called by the
Secretary, and he voted 44 Aye."
Mr. SOULE. I wish my name called again.
The PRESIDENT, (to the Secretary.) Call
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. Soule was then called by the Secretary,
and voted " Aye."
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire vote?
Mr. NORRIS. I am willing to do so.
The name of Mr. Norris was then called, and
he voted "Aye."
The vote on the amendment then stood as fol-
lows.
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boilaml, Bradbur)r, Brodhead, i
Cass, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Fclch, Hunter, King, Mason, Norris, Soule, Stockton,
Wade, and Wlutcomb—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Badger, Bell, Butler, Fish, Hale, Hous-
ton. Jamee, Mcllae, Mallory, Moiton, Rusk, Smith, Spru-
anee, Underwood, and Upham—1.).
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. NORRIS. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Friday, January 30, 1852. j
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer ,
by the Rev. C. M. Kutlcr. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j
The SPEAKER. The first business in order is j
the unfinished business of yesterday  ,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a j
privileged question. I merely make the motion |
that it may be entered upon the Journal. It is a i.
motion to'reconsider the vote by which bill No. ;
143, to regulate and fix the salary of the American j
Consul at Amsterdam, was referred to the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, i
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered. 1
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business of i
yesterday, which is the consideration of the mo- |
tion made by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Smart,] to lay on the table the adverse report of
the Committee of Claims, on the memorial of the I
heirs of Daniel Landon, asking remuneration for
losses sustained by Indian depredations in the late :
war with Great Britain.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the gentle- 1
man from Maine [Mr. Smart] to withdraw the
motion to lay the report on the table. ;
Mr. SMART. I will withdraw it. !
Mr. DUNHAM. I renew the motion. ;
Mr. STANTON. The report of the committee ;
recommends that the petitioners have leave to i
withdraw the papers. !
Mr. EDGERTON. I can explain this case so j
that the committee will understand it. i
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order during
the pendency of a motion to he on the table.
The question was taken, and the report was laid
on the table.
Mr. DANIEL. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from North Carolina, to let
us have reports called for during the usual hour
, for reports.
Mr. DANIEL. We can proceed to that busi-
ness to-morrow.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
' rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
i itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and take up the special order—the bills
' providing for the assignability of bounty land
warrants.
I thought the special order
Mr. DANIEL.
1 was for yesterday.
; The SPEAKER,
i disposed of.
i- Mr. DANIEL.
I Mr. HEBARD.
It is from day to day until
I hope it will be voted down.
What is the special order?
The SPEAKER. A bill from the Senate and a
joint resolution of the House in relation to the
transfer of bounty land warrants,
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina will withdraw his mo-
tion, I have no objection to withdraw mine, until
the reports of committees are called for during the
morning hour.
Mr. DANIEL. As that seems to be the wish
of gentlemen around me, I will accordingly with-
draw my motion.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILCOX, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the companies of Captains Bush, Price,
and Suarez, for military services in Florida; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow* and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Dr. S. R. Addison, passed assistant sur-
geon in the United States Navy; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and, with the report
accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am instructed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, to offer the
resolution which I send to the desk; and upon it I
wish to make a single remark.
The resolution was then read, as follows: —
Resohcd> That the Committee on Naval Affairs be au- "
thorized to employ a clerk at the twnal compensation.
Mr. S. resumed. I wish to say a single word.
I know that these resolutions have not been re-
ceived with much favor by the House. I will
assure the House that this resolution would not
have been offered, under the circumstances, by the
Naval Committee, if they did not feel it to be ab-
solutely necessary that this favor should be granted
by the House. We haveabout one hundred cases
of private memorials before (he committee, besides
all those important questions which associate them-
selves with the public interests, as connected with
the naval service; and I say it is almost impossi-
ble for the committee to perform their duties prop-
erly without the assistance of a clerk. Some gen-
tlemen suppose—and I have heard the remark
made in private conversation about the House—
that these resolutions were offered for the purpose
of giving favor to individuals, or giving the pay
to some favorite. I assure gentlemen that such is
not the object of this resolution; but it is simply for
the purpose which it purports to carry out—to
enable 
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] that
he append an amendment to his resolution, and
include a clerk for the Post Office Committee. I
opposed the resolution of my colleague, [Mr.
Olds,] yesterday, under a misapprehension of
the necessity for that cleik. Since voting upon
yesterday, 1 have learned that there is an absolute
necessity for a clerk for that committee, and I in-
tend to change my vote in reference to both of
these committees. If the gentleman will accept
my amendment, I will vote for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I presume
1 the gentleman knows that \ cannot accept an
j amendment, as this is a resolution offered under
! instruction, by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
i Mr. SWEETSER. I will move, therefore,
j that a clerk for the Post Office Committee be in-
cluded m that resolution.
Mr. STANTON. If the Speaker considers
; that germane, I have not the slightest objection.
I The SPEAKER. It is a kindred subject.
; Mr. STANTON. There is only one further
1 remark I have to make in regard to this matter,
1 and that is this: If any gentleman in this House
has any doubt about the necessity of this clerk,
I to assist the Naval Committee in performing its
' public duties. 1 have only to say, that I have to
employ other persons to do my own private wri-
ting for me, that I may give my attention to
public business; and I should think, in perforni-
1 ing my duties for the public, ii will be hardly un-
reasonable for me to ask for a clerk for the Naval
Committee, when one is indispensable to the pub-
lic service. 1 will not ask the previous question,
;i after having made these remarks.
