2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13.
Mr. HOUSTON. But that reason is not applied
to support the original amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. But I do apply it, and for this
reason: Everybody knows that the soldier does
not live exclusively upon his rations. He wants
vegetables and very many things which are leally
necessary, and which, as rations, are not supplied
to him. These he has to purchase, and does pur-
chase out of his private means. Now, in New
Mexico, as well as in Oregon and California, for
many obvious reasons, those necessary articles
are two, three, or four hundred percent, higher
than they are here with us. if there is any reason
at all, then, for extending these provisions to the ■
soldiers and officers in California and Oregon, i
there is a stronger, though similar reason, for ex- j
tending it to those in New Mexico. There can be >
no question in relation to it, and I believe there |
will be none with this committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I am not perfectly
well informed upon this subject. I have just re-
ceived communications from the War Depart- 1
ment, which I will have read if it is the pleasure i
of the committee. I have not had time since their >
receipt to read them myself. I wish, however, to ;;
say this: The estimates now incorporated in the j
provision now under consideration, reported from jl
the Committee of Ways and Means, were in ac- !
cordance with the recommendations of the De- . >
partment, $394,116. These may be proper. I do |j
not think, however, they ought to apply to New
Mexico. The Secretary of War's communica-
tion to me says:
u You will peiceive that the estimate is for full pay for
the enlisted men, hut I think a le^ addition to their pay,
(say not to exceed one half,) would suffice. ^
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I would
suggest that the amendment pending should be
verbally amended, in order to accomplish the ob-
ject for which it was designed. It now provides
that "so much of this act," &c. Now, the act
here alluded to does not apply to New Mexico. 1
would suggest, therefore, a verbal amendment to
obviate that difficulty. That is, to add after 1852,
the words, 11 and that the provisions of the last-
mentioned act be, and are hereby extended to New
Mexico, during the current year provided for by
this section."
The question was then taken, and the amend-1
ment to the amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. HOUSTON. I now propose, in pursu-
ance of the recommendation of the Secretary of
War, to offer an amendment. I will read the let- :
ter. Jt is the following: '
W DrPARTMENT, WASHINGTON, JltlQWif fi, 1 8.v}
Sir : In compliance with ymu request f have the honor 1
to transmit you a diaftof an' ameruinH-nl to the hill for the
support of'iho Arm\ ; makins provision for t'xti.i pay to the
officers and enlisted men of On; Army ^ervmij ar distant ,
anil expensive potts.
You will peiceive that the estimate is for Jul' pay for the .
enlisted m<n>, but f think a l(j«^ addition to' thou pay—My !
not exceeding one half—would suffice. '
Very respectfully, yum ohcilwnt seivant,
C. M. CONKAP, Secretin y of TVur.
Hon. James Phikj.ds, Cknirtnitn Committee ov Military '
JI if airs, United States Senate. ' \
The following is the letter upon which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means based the original'
amendment, which I offered this morning, under '
their instructions:
War Hep vrtmrnt, Wvsiiixoton, 1
Sir: Jha\e the honor loiofer \ou to tin1 ii'eoinmeruU-
tion.in im'laannual lrpoit, foi thr* icfiiac!rri"iit 01' so
much of the act oi Qdth Spptrmhn, 1850. r.llou •> a ^mall
additional pay to the officer-, and .-ohlters m California,
which cvpin-d by ir-i own limitation on the l-t ultimo. Tne ;
rieee-^ity for ;i f'vutinumce of thu allowance will hp s.pr'1
trom an cxfiact of a letter from Oonnral Il'tchroek, hereto ■
appended, and f. r which i a-k th«* favoi, h!e con-idernnon ,
of the Committee of W,i)i and Mu.in^.
Very respectfully, yoni obedn'nr -crvant,
C. M. COXKAI), Seey c far if of IVur.
JIon.GsoRCi: S. Houston, Chuinn-'v Committee, of Ji'oys
and Means.
Extract of a letter from General II iti.hcoek, com-
manding Pacific Division, dated Bemcia, Califor-
nia, March 13, 1859:
"From the detachment of* ro^ruft-* \vhi<h ninved here
the 2'th ultimo, I regret to sav thirtv-five have di'M-itwj up
to thi"> date. Tins was to have been fxpocted, and thu
motp ^o si nee the extra pay here tn'bie <iuShoii7,rd bv Cou-
cf'avd the fitst ot thi* nio.uh. Unless pnrhoritv <nr
thi-s allowance be rcenaet'-d, I feat liieieiurn^ will, forborne
nine, e.xlnbit gteat reductions from morth to inonMi, until
the most efficient, if potconseientiou^ men, f-hall havegon-i
to the mine-'' inviting to their Imagination''."
Mr. II, I nov/ move to amend the amendment
so as to provide that they shall be allowed one
half the amount provided under the law of 1850.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 rise to a question of order.
The amendment now proposed to be offered by
the gentleman from Alabama purports to be an
amendment to an amendment already offered by
the gentleman himself. The original amendment
was reported by him from the Committee of Ways
and Means. The question I make is, that the
gentleman having reported the original amendment
cannot amend it himself.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then offered it from the
committee, and now ss an individual.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the ground that any member
of the House is, by the rules, entitled to offer an
amendment. The rules do not discriminate one
member from another. Any other gentleman would
be entitled to offer an amendment. The Chair,
therefore, rules that the gentleman from Alabama
may offer the amendment, and that it is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is any difficulty
about the matter, or if any one objects, I will get
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] to
offer the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the gentleman from Alabama has the right to
offer the amendment, and the amendment was re-
ceived by the Chair. Does the gentleman now
propose to withdraw it?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw it.
Mr. HAVEN. I now send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment intended to effect the object of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The object of the amendment is simply this: The
j law of 1850 provides for giving the officers and
soldiers in California and Oregon double pay.
This amendment proposes to give to the officers
and soldiers in California, Oregon, and New Mex-
ico their regular pay, and one half the regular pay
m addition, making one half the regular pay less
than provided for by the law of 1850.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. 1 wish to say a word
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York. That amendment proposes to
reduce this extra pay to one half the regular pay.
Thatis directly in opposition to theamendmentand
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The original amendment was reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, under in-
structions from the committee, and I understand
the Committee on Military Affairs are also in favor
of it. I nope the original amount reported will be
voted, and that this amendment will not be adopted.
The foimer is the recommendation of thetwo com-
mittees, the latter thu motion of an individual
member of this House.
Mr. BISSELL, I wish to say a single word
more upon this subject. While there are reasons
such as those urged by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for not continuing the
full amount of this increase of payment to the
officers and men in California and Oregon, those
reasons do not exist in New Mexico. The same
necessity does not exist m the Stale of California
and Territory of Oregon, because of the immense
amount of supplies which have been taken in there
in consoqucuce of the great increase of the com-
mercc between the Atlantic and Pacific, and which
has neatly brought the Pacific coast upon some-
th.ng hke an equality with the Atlantic. Dut that
does not apply to New Mexico, where the trans-
portation is carried on now, as heretofore, upon
wheels or upon the hacks of mules. Thereis no par-
ticular increase of transportation, nor is there any
cheapening in the cost of transportation; and the
consequence is, that while the Secretary of War
may very properly say that less compensation
may answer in California and Oregon, the same
reasons do not apply with regard to New Mex-
ico.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 wish to inquire if the
amendment of the gentleman from New York does
not providt for raising the pay of the soldiers in
New Mexico one half?
Mr. HAVEN. It does.
Mr. PRICE. I wish merely to inquire of the
'•hairinan of the Committee of Ways and Means,
if the letter of the Secretary of War which he has
read makes any discrimination between California
and New Mex'co?
Mr. HOUSTON. It says nothing about New
Mexico.
Mr. PRICB. Does he recommend that a re-
duction shall take place in California and Oregon ?
Mr. BISSELL. Does it make a general recom-
mendation? Let the communication be read, 1
suppose it refers to California and Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a general communiea-
ion; and is as follows:
" In compliance with your request, I have the honor to
transmit you a dtaft of an amendment to the bill lor the
support of the Aimv, making provision for extra pay to the
officers and enlisted men of the Army serving at distant and
expensive posts.
" You will perceive that the estimate is fur full pay foi
the enlisted men, but 1 think a less addition to their pay
(say not to exceed one half) would suffice.''
The committee will see that it applies to all, and
theamendment is right. The communication was
dated August 6, 1852.
The original amendment and the amendment to
the amendment were again read.
The question was then taken oil the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Haven, and it
was agreed to.
The question next being on the original amend-
ment as amended, it was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL offered the following amend-
ment:
For the purpose of testing the practicability of employing
camel;- on the plains, as a substitute in part for horses,
*20,000.
Mr. B. said: Mr. Chairman, that amendment
proposes an appropriation of $20,000 for the pur-
pose of enabling the War Department to test the
practicability of introducing camels upon the
western plains as a substitute in part for horses.
The subject of introducing camels upon the west-
ern plains has engrossed the attention of think-
ing men—those connected with the administra-
tion of the Government, as well as others, for
many years, and during the last one or two years
the Department itself had paid especial attention
to if.
The Secretary of War informs me that he has
had as minute and thorough an investigation into
all the prospects and probabilities of the success
of the enterprise as his means enabled him to ob-
tain, and he has arrived at the conclusion that
camels may with very great propriety and great
advantage be introduced into the public service, to
be used upon these extensive plains in the west,
in the place of horses; and he asks that an appro-
priation of $20,000 be made for the purpose of
enab'ing him to make that experiment.
The Military Committee, who have reflected,
much upon the subject, request the introduction
of this amendment, and hope that it may be
adopted.
Mr. EVANS. In addition to what has been said
by the gentleman from Illinois, I would state that
this matter was proposed by the Hon. Jefferson
Davis, a year or two ago. Itisan amendment whi':h
ought to be adopted for this single reason, thatthere
are many broad and plains in western Texas, New
Mexico, and elsewhere, where, for want of water,
it is impossible to pursue the Indians, and they
easily escape. The introduction of camels there,
which, as every one knows, can o-o without water
many days, will afford greater facilities to overtake
and conquer these Indians. They are uniformly
more fleet than horses upon long journeys, and the
Secretary of War, from the investigation which ho
has been able to give to the subject, is satisfy! that
he can introduce and keep camels there, :■ ud can
introduce persons to take care of them. The sum
of money asked for is small, and the enterprise
may be a successful one, and probably v/i'i be.
Gentlemen of the committee will recollect that, in
some parts of Texas, as we observe from reports
of officers who come from that quarter, there has
not been rain for a year. Now, it is indispensably
necessary to have some animal there suited to the
transportation of burdens, and having the proper
rapidity of enabling our troops to overtake these
Indians. You must have some animal that can go
without water for a long time. If any man has
read the account of the exploration of Captain
French in western Texas, he will there have dis-
covered the fact that his company suffered great
torments, and sometimes went seventy miles with-
out water.
Mr. HOUSTON. I confess that I know less
about this amendment and of its merits than any
of the amendments which have yet been offered
to any appropriation bill. I have not examined
into the matter, and I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman-,] who
knows more of the matter than I do.
