1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
th6-BoarS,"ami'estfecially'of tire House portion of
it, Question dial pWrf, and tjimght to-exer-
cise'ik The Hoiise is,.m part^theguardian of the
funds^pf the-institution—responsible for their ex-
penditure, !i«- accordance with the law organizing.
- H; aiidj if it. be'thought those funds are. being
squandered,,by being lavished upon-favorites, or
' in-any pthef improper manfierj-ihe House has an
■ unioabj^d'right-to instruct its por/ian of-the Re^
gents relative £6 the matter; ay, sir, and those
ij-e^ents :'wot}l<i, obey tliose insmictions; and, if
they foufwt other membeis' of the Board, upon
whom the instructions would ni>t be Bindirtg, dis-
■ poSed to pay th'em so little.l'espeet as to refuse'to
, pefmit them to be earned put, that fkcf would be
reported - to the Horfse for further action. The
i*ijo.iis(> portion of the Board.would not set up some
eonstfuetioft of their own of the law, and say to
the House that construction jwas right, and must
be &ceepfed, and the instructions repealed, or they
would be disregarded and ciisobeyed. 1 trust never
tp^Se.foutid'a-party to any such attempt at dicta-
fioni Neither would the House-portion of the Re-
'gWtts say to .the rest-pf ihe Board, " As we cannot
agree \ii this "matter involving the expenditure of
money,,y.ou (the Senate portion) -may take sepa-
rate control of the expenditure of halt; pay it to
whom you please, and on whatsoever terms you
. fSlease, and we will do the same with our half, and
say nothing to the House relative to it, until com-
pelled, and .therr.^nform- thetfi they have no right,
under the law, to-instruct or control us 1" If the
joint committee have .the power to thus bisect
tliemselve^, feotj'give to each half independent ju-
risdiction, they- must possess it by virtue of their
appointment by the two House's,, and not under
the lay of 11346, by which they .profess to begov-
erncd, for no such power is conietred by that law;
therefore, the same power of independent action
must of necessity belong to. the two Houses re-
spectively. If the committee have not the power,
their action in this, likewise, has been illegal, and
presents another argument m favor of superseding
it by action of ou,r own.
The report before us assumes a state of facts
somewhat at variance with those actually found to
exist,; it assumes that the House has instructed
the joint committee, and then denies our right to
do so, Let us.examine ^he feal fftcts in the case.
.The House portion of the committee report a
proposition .to, print a certain number of extra
copies of, a document, (Patent Office Report.)
This report—this proposition, undeniably comes
from the House portion of. the committee—the
joifit committee has nothing to do with it. The
House recommits, with instructions, this report—
' this' proposition—not to the joint committee—a
committee which knew naught of it, and from
-wjiich.it never came—but to the House committee,
the committee which reported it. That committee,
being apparently piedetermmued not to obey the
instructions, justify their refusal to obey by as-
suming the instructions to have been to the joint
committee, and denying our right to instruct that
committee. We have not claimed the right—we
have not attempted to exercise it. Yet the House
committee prepare a report purporting to be from
the joint conhmittee, assuming .that we have in-
structed that committee, and denying our right to
do so, and shield behind that report their refusal
to obey instructions to themselves—the House
committee.
Aside from havingin other respects transcended
their powers, the action of the committee has been
improper, in bestowing such printing as has been,
or may be, neglected or delayed by the contractor
upon the men of their selection at prices higher
than those at which others stood ready to take it,
and give security for its-faithful execution. By
so doing, they would deprive us in part of our
remedy upon the coutractois for the difference be-
tween the contract price, and the price at which
the committee procure the work to be executed.
If the contractor obligated himself to do a partic
ular amount and quality of work at §25,000, and
so neglected or delayed its delivery that the com-
mittee gave it to another party at $50,000, while a
third party stood ready to do it, and so notified the
committee, at §30,000, no man will pretend to say
that the liability of the contractors extends be-
yond §5,000, the difference between his contract
price and the price at which the committee were
notified by another party he was ready to take'it.
'We thus lose $20,000. That $20,000 is given as
a bonus to the favorites of this committee. It is
a loss to us, and again' to them.
faring-the discussion ppon'the-first report', it-
was urged, ajnjng other objections tci the action
of the committee, that siich action would subject
them to the suspicion of having been governed by
improper motives in t.he disposition of the printing-,,
and that, perhaps, charges would grow out of such
suspicion; and further, that if their action was sus-
tained', then the same' suspicions would be enter-
tained, ^nd the same charges arrayed against those
sustaining it. Under such circumstances, it was
clearly .the duty of the committee, not only to the
Housp and 'the country, but to themselves, to
change-or abandon the action which.the; well-un-
derstood wishes of the House had condemned; or
at least, to make a voluntary, full,.and candid re-
port to the.House of.their proceedings, of the par-
ties. to whom they had given the printing, the
prices at which' they hail given'it, and the reasons
for both. Such a report we were induced, many
days since, to expect; but it .never came, and so
far from altering or abandoning their action, they
have but'added -to it. Th.ey have takfen a step in
advance in the same line, and made a plan, suf-
ficiently objectionable- before; still, more so. "So
far from making, voluntarily,.a, fall and candid
report Of their .proceedings, lhey so made none,
except a proposition that we shouj'd-place at their
disposal the printing of some 50,000 extra copies
of a "profitable document; arid even upon that prop-
osition-the chairman.of the committee moved the
previous question, to cut off discussion, by which
alone, experience proves, we can elicit any knowl-
edge of their action. And the repbrt which they
have now given us under peremptory instructions,
is conclusive of but one thing, and that is, their
determinaiio'n to defy the House, and to disobey
its instructions.
If the whispers which the committee admit they
have heard, which indeed are audible throughout
the city, should assume such shape, through the
press or otherwise, as to subject them to censure,
and to grave charges, they will have but to thank
for it their own perverse perseverance in a plan
condemned by the House.
" To willful men,
Tho injuries they themselves procured,
MuM, be their schoolmaster."
As a resume of my views in relation to this mat-
ter, and of the action which the House should
take in the premises, I offer for adoption the fol-
lowing resolutions as a substitute for the resolu-
tions offered by the committee:
Resotrcd, That the joint resolution entitled " Joint res-
ohition directing the maimer ot' proeunng the printing for
the two I-loufCB of Congress," appioved Au^u*t 3d, 1846,
empowen the Committee on Printing to provide only for
the execution of Mich printing a-* has been "ordered by
Congress," andm the exncuuon of which there is "• any
neglect or clelav on the part ot the contractor."
llciolrerfjherefore, That, in making a. contiact or con-
tiact-* with any other parry or parties "for the execution of
future o-oik—wink lioi jet oiduaed—the committee ex-
ceeded tt  poweis', arid such coritiaet or contracts are null
and void.
Resolved, That the action ol the committee wa« im-
pioper in piopoMiijj to procure the execution of such punt-
ing now, 01 heteaff r to be oidered, a> is or may be neg-
lected or delayed, at piices unueces^auly high, inasmuch
as by piocuring it^ execution at such prices, they would
release, m part, the contractor fiom liability "for any
increased expewiitmc consequent upon the non perform-
ance of the contract.5'
Revived, That the committee on the part of the House
having cvcecdcd then powers, and having declined obey--
i tig the instructions of the House, and expressed a disposi-
tion rather than do so to vacate their position on the joint
committee, the lattei of the alternatives they have pre-
sented be accepted, and that they be and hereby are dis-
charged from any further service on -said committee; and
the Speaker be requested to fill the vacancy thu* created
in the Joint Committee on Printing.
The first resolution is merely declaratory of the
powers of the committee under the joint resolu-
: tion of 1846. The second declares that they ex-
ji ceededthose powers in making contracts for future
|! printing; and that those contracts are null and
!' void. The'third declares their action improper
| in having, by giving printing out at unnecessarily-
high prices, taken such action as may release the
contractor from liability for all the'difference be-
tween his contract prices and the prices at which
! the committee propose to give the printing to
j others. The fourth resolution accepts the only one
• of the two alternatives presented by the committee,
of which respect for ourselves, and a regard for
the business of the House and the legislation of
the country, will permit the acceptance.
I have the utmost respect for the members, in-
dividually, of that committee. There are none
here I respect more; but in the position in which
they have placed the.House, and themselves as a
committee, and under all tlie resulting circum-
stances-of delay, embarrassment, and difficulty,
relative to the printing, it is not easy to see what
other, action they can expect from us, or what
other action the considerations I have mentioned
-will permit-the House to adopt.
Mr. POLK. I d.o not see that we will be en-
abled io get through .with this question to-day;
and as we are so near the close of action upon the
homestead bill, ! hope tlTe House will indulge, me
in a motion that the rules besuspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. ,We cannot get through the •
homeste.ad bjll to-day.
Mr. STANLY/ H&s not the printing business
priority over the motion submitted 'by the gentle-
man from Tennessee? . " ' ■
. The SPEAKER. It has not, in the>pinion of
the Chair.-
. Mr. STANTON, of "Kentucky. I woyld re-
quest of the gentleman a withdrawal of his mo-
tion. A few minutes ago I would have consented
to its-adoption by the House, but as I expect to
leave the city to-morrow, and will not be back
again for ten or twelve days, I cannot, consist-
ently with my own views of self-respect, allow
the extraordinary speech of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Fitch] to go unanswered, I hope
the gentleman will withdraw his motion.
[Cries of." Withdraw it!" " Withdraw it!5']
Mr. POLK. T have no objection to withd-raw
my motiqn, provided it is* understood that w:hen
the subject again comes up for consideration that
I shall be entitled to the floor. I would like -very
much to accommodate my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON. I do trust that my friend
from Tennessee, will waive his motion for the
present. - . ^
Mr. POLK. I will withdraw my motion if the
gentleman will renew it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
for the information of the gentleman' from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.,] arid the House generally,
that it is the .right of the Committee on Printing
to report at any time-, but'when the report is made,
and is before the House, it-is Co be disposed of
subject to all the rules which; operate upon reports
fiom other committees.
Mr. POLK. I yield the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] the floorwith the condition
that he will renew tny motion.
Mr. STANTON. I d-o not design, if I can
avoid it, to detain the House very long upon this
subject, having upon a forrper oc-casion spoken in
regard to.it at length; and I would >now abstain
from any remarks if they were not called for by
the very wanton and extraordinary speech of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] the great
object of which seems to have been to pervert facts
and misrepresent the.action of the committee of
which I am a member, with a view of driving me
and my colleagues upon that committee to aban-
don our places. Novv, sir, let me say to the hon-
orable gentleman, that however.much I should be
disposed to gratify the wishes of the House, if it
so desired, and resign my position as a member of
that committee, I shall never do so at his arrogant
dictation, except upon one condition.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will interrupt him for one moment.
He intimates that I have evinced a disposition to
drive, by arrogant dictation, him and his House
colleagues from the committee. I only proposed
to accept one of the alternatives presented to the
Houseby the committee themselves—aye,present-
ed by that gentleman.
During the debate, when the resolution was
presented, the gentleman—himself having pre-
sented the report-^said:
" If required to obey the instructions of the House,
a?awst the Jaw, we cannot do it, and our dunes aie at an
end; and so far as I am individually concerned, I «hall he
compelled to wash my hands of it, and so also will the rest
of the committee."
They place such construction upon the law as
their will, or plans may dictate—a construction dif-
ferent from that of the House, and arrogantly tell
us, unless their construction is adopted, and the
instructions of the House repealed, that they (the
House committee) will disregard and disobey
