THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS §3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 36, 1852.
New Series i. fs)&
Mx\ GORMAN. I am the only one, perhaps,
of the Military Committee but what agrees to this
amendment, as I learn. I did not happen to be
present when it was under consideration formally
before the committee. I have an objection to it
which I think isagood one. Theobjection to the
present mode of transportation is the want of
water. It is universally known, that upon the
plains of Mexico, just such plains as we nave to
cross ill getting to our extreme western borders
and territories, the Government of Mexico adopt-
ed quite a different plan, and which has been found
to be, in several instances, not only the salvation
of their people, but the salvation of their armies,
and but for that, Santa Anna never would have
been able .to return to San Luis Potosi. They
adopted the mode of constructing water tanks,
and lilling them from the large rocky mountains
by spouts, and of having the tanks arranged along
the routes, and keeping them perpetually filled
with water. I have seen them at different times,
and but for them—which is a matter of history—
Santa Anna never would have been able to have
reached the city of Mexico.
Mr. BISSELL. I have seen them, after a hard
day's march, without water. After a hard day's
march of perhaps forty miles, without water, after
arriving at them, we have found them as dry as a
powder flask.
Mr. GORMAN. No doubt some of them are
as dry as a powder flask; and if they tire dry
where is the water to be had ? After all the ex-
periments of engineers, and of that Government,
m that climate where it rains six months and is
dry for six months, that is the only plan ever
successfully carried out, and made available for
the supply of water. To be sure I have seen
them dry. I have also seen them stale and stag-
nant; and 1 have been compelled to drink out of
them, and so has the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell.] And I have been compelled to
make coffee and tea out of the water; and that,
too, after cattle had passed through them. But,
notwithstanding, that was better than none at all.
That is almost the only mode of obtaining water
between Buena Vista and San Luis Potosi, a dis-
tance of some three or four hundred miles. There
is only one stream in that distance that furnishes
any water of consequence; and I have heard
that there are some two Artesian wells. But this
I doubt. There are tanks constructed about every
fifteen miles—large places dug out of the earth,
walled in, and then cemented with a species of
water lime. On the route from San Antonio to
New Mexico you find the same kind of soil; and
on the route to Oregon and California the same
rocky mountains in every direction would furnish
facilities for supplying these tanks. And the only
mode-by which you can obtain water is by this
means in a very dry season. I am by no means
satisfied that the introduction of camels would fa-
cilitate our transportation to these distant Terri-
tories.
Mr. VENABLE. I move to amend by in-
creasing the amount to $22,000.
I have had my attention called to this subject,
chiefly by the researches of my friend, Colonel
Davis, of Mississippi, during the last session of
Congress. I am satisfied that there is no experi-
ments in which the War Department can engage
which is likely to be more valuable, and promises
to save us much money. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] says the Mexicans have substi-
tuted tanks upon their lines of march. But, Sir,
we are informed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell,] that" they have been a failure.
But whether they have been successful, or have j
proved a failure, would be a small circumstance j
in settling this question. j
The history of the world, for thousands of,
years, has proved that the only animal that can j
be safely and profitably employed in crossing
deserts, is the camel. They are the ships of the
desert. The history of the earliest days presents
us with the fact that the camel has been used in
traversing deserts. Whatever improvements have
taken place in the modes of transportation
189
throughout the world, no alteration has been
made for thousands of years in the modes of
transportation and travel over dry and desert
countries. The camel is still the ship of the
desert, and it is an object very well worthy of the
enterprise of the War Department to introduce
into our country that valuable animal, that can
Jive in a cold as well as a warm climate; that
can live readily upon the rich prairie, and more
barren plains of our country; that can live upon
good herbage, and in case of necessity can live
upon the coarsest; that can travel from fifty to
seventy miles a day, with a burden of five hun-
dred pounds upon his back. We will introduce
an animal that will be most important to us here-
after in our military operations, in the transporta-
tion of our troops and munitions of war; and at
the same time that we do this at the expense of
the Government, we will aid all agricultural enter-
prises, and the means of communication between
distant and remote parts of our country—we shall
enable them to attain to that sort of civilization
which can only be maintained by pressing con-
tinual intercommunication.
We have never seen an enterprise presented by
the War Department, or by any other Depart-
ment of this Government, which so much deserves
the respect and confidence of this House. If it
fails, the expense ends. It is a small amount, and
it will lead to the introduction of an animal which
constitutes the wealth of every eastern country,
and that is more valued by the Arab than his own
fine Arabian horse, because when the horse fails,
the camel will endure.
I trust the committee will have no difficulty upon
the subject. It is a moral question connected with
the advance of civilization upon our frontiers. It
will give to those settlements animals which will
bring them the wealth always brought by the
camel, in the countries where there are no other
means of transportation than by that animal. He
can bear fatigue; he can bear coarse food; he can
bear abstinences; and above all, he can bear absti-
nence from water, whilst he can transport water
for those who ride him.
Mr. McCORKLE. This strikes me as a very
novel amendment, not to say ridiculous one.
Travelers to the Pacific coast need not be without
water for a single day upon the best roads. The
time has been when these roads were new and
unexplored, and there may have been cases when
the emigrant was caught in the desert without
water. But upon the northern route to Califor-
nia, through the South Pass, there is no necessity
of ever being without water for a single hour.
Upon the southern route to California, by the
Colorado river, there are two or three sand des-
erts, each of thirty or forty miles in length, to be
crossed, where there is no water; but the emigrant
takes water in his wagon, and gets along without
any difficulty, except the suffering his cattle are
obliged to endure for the want of water. We
have most of us been over the plains in early time to
see what we called " the elephant," but we never
expected to see the camel. [Laughter.] It will
be a new and extraordinary animal in our mena-
gerie.
Mr. VENABLE. Both the cow and horse
were introduced into this country by the Span-
iards. I never apprehended the man would not
be thirsty because the camel drank so much water
—never in the world; but the camel can carry
water upon his back for the purpose of sustaining
the traveler, as is done in the East.
Mr. McCORKLE' I do not know anything
of the natural history of the camel. I yield to the
gentleman all he claims; but I do not wish this
appropriation "to be made here upon the ground
that t&at animal is of any use whatever upon the
plains. If the gentleman wishes simply to intro-
duce the camel into the United States, let him put
his argument upon that ground, and not introduce j
it upon the ground that it is necessary for trav- j
ersing the plains between here and California. I !
do not believe a man who has spent but a year on
the plains or in the mountains, instead of one that
has been living there for twenty years, would have
anything to do with it. He would regard tbeijd
as a nuisance. " . •
Mr. BISSELL. Are, there not sandy deserts
,of thirty or forty miles itj length, to be crossed by
the traveler, where there is no water?
Mr. McCORICLE. There is one called the
Humboldt. i
Mr. BISSELL. I do not place this appropria-
tion upon the ground that there is a want of water,
simply, upon the plains. Admit there is water
every twenty-five miles between this and Califor-
nia, nnd I will still vote for this appropriation, and
then do a very proper thing. Independent of there
not being any water, it is well worthy the experi-
ment to see if that animal is no,Ua useful one upon
the plains, and whether it will not propagate there
as well as elsewhere.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Venable, and it was disagreed tp.
The question recurred upon the .adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Bissell; it was put, and the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I omitted, in preparing the
amendment I submitted a moment ago, the amount
of money which should be appropriated. The
estimates of the Department were for $394,000 for
California and Oregon for full pay. We have
added New Mexico, which will make, I suppose,
$600,000. We then put it upon half pay, which
will be §300,000. I hope the committee will, by
unanimous consent, allow the insertion into that
amendment of $300,000 for that object.
There was no objection, and the proposition
was agreed to.
Mr. WILCOX. I submit the following amend-
ment:
Provided, TItal the proper accounting oflteers of jlie
Treasury lie amhniizrd to adjust nnd pay outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, with' interest
from the 17tl) of October, 1813, the balance due to the Pe-
tersburg, Virginia, volunteeis, who served in Canada during
the wat of 1812 with Great Britain, said balance for pay,
rations, arms, and traveling allowance, having been with-
held from tliem by Taymaster Joseph G. Chalmers, who
became insolvent.
1 am satisfied that any man who heard the state-
ment of thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
on yesterday in regard to that claim, would not
hesitate one moment to vote for this amendment.
It is necessary that I should say something con-
cerning it, being the member of the Committee on
Military Affairs to which the claim was referred.
It was referred upon the petition of two of the pri-
vates of that company and the captain, who say,
upon their several oaths, that this money is due
to theni. I instituted a correspondence with the
proper Department of the Government, and found
that this claim had been sleeping for something
like forty years, and that the Department had
heretofore refused to pay that .amount to these vol-
unteers from the simple fact that no pay rolls had
been returned by the paymaster. But were all
governed by the history of this case, I am satisfied
in my own mind that every gentleman upon this
floor would unhesitatingly vote for it.
This company performed valuable service in the
late war with Groat Britain. They were mustered
out of service in the State of Ohio; and it was un-
derstood at the time of their discharge that the
paymaster would pay what was due them, being
ten months'pay, and transportation and subsist-
ence home to Petersburg. They were mustered
out of service, but waited several days in the
constant expectation of meeting with the pay-
master. He never came.
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit the point that
this amendment is not in order, it being in the
nature of a private claim.
Mr. WILCOX. It is not a private claim. It
is the payment of certain amounts due to a whole
company for public, service.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had intended to make the
point of order which has been raised by the gen-
tleman from Maine when the gentleman had con-
cluded his rematks. The Committee on Military
Affairs decided that it was a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. That statement arrested
the attention of the Chair upon yesterday, and he 
