2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August IS,
took it that it went to produce the impression that
the amendment was not in order. If it is a private
claim the amendment is not in order. The Chair
subsequently considered the subject and deter-
mined to rule the amendment in order, upon the
ground that it is not a private claim, but an ap-
propriation to pay a large number of men for ser-
vices rendered the country according to law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make another point of
order, as the Chair rules it is not a private claim
in the face of the decision of the Military Com-
mittee, which I did not suppose he would. I
make the point that there is no law now author-
izing the appropriation of this money. Under the
81st rule, no appropriation can be made in any
appropriation bill, except in pursuance of law, or
to carry on some object already appropriated for.
The payment of this claim is not authorized by
any law now in existence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Alabama that, at the time
these services were rendered, a law existed, in
pursuance of which they were recognized.
Mr. HOUSTON. That law expired by its
own limitation. There is no law now. I make
the point that there is no law now, and not that
there was no law then, to pay this claim; and is,
therefore, not in order here. If this private claim
be admitted into this appropriation bill, the whole
Private Calendar may be introduced.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is perfectly
in order to move an amendment to sustain any of
the Departments of the Government. There is a
law for the support of the War Department, and
I think it necessary for the support of that Depart-
ment that these soldiers should be paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. A Department of Govern-
ment does not mean that. It means the Depart-
ment here at Washington.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think the Army is one of
the most important Departments of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's construc-
tion would cause to be introduced here the whole
private docket. Every single one grows out of
something done for the Government.
Mr. MEADE. The Third Auditor, in the letter
I read yesterday to the committee, considers there
is authority for him to pay, and he would pay
these claims, but for the decision made by his
predecessors. Surely this cannot be considered a
private claim. It is for the payment of an entire
company, recognized by law as being mustered
into the service of theUnitedStates,and who have
not received their arrearages.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will raise another point.
The last section directs that the money appropri-
ated in this bill shall be applied to the current ser-
vice of the Government, and that no part it of shall
go to pay any old debts.
Mr. GAYLORD. We will strike that out.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The section to which the
gentleman alludes, is asfollows:
Sec. 2. Ami he it further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts authorizing the President of the United Hmte.s, or
the Secretary of the pioper Department, under his direction,
to transfer any portion of the moneys appropriated for a
particular branch of expenditure jii that Depnitment, to be
applied to another hrancii of expenditure in the same De-
partment, he, and arc hereby, so far as relates to the De-
partment of War, repealed; and no portion of the moneys
appropriated by tins net shall be applied to the payment of
any expenses incurred prior to the first day of July, 1852.
The Chair is inclined to the belief that the
amendment would be inconsistent with this pro-
vision of the bill, which has been passed over, and
cannot now be amended. Theotner points raised
by the gentleman, the Chair overrules.
Mr. MEADE. Do I understand the Chair as
deciding the amendment to be out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
to hear any suggestions in relation to the matter.
Upon the points of order previously raised by the
gentleman from Alabama, the Chair decides the
amendment to be in order. The Chair is inclined
to the belief that it would be inconsistent with the
provision of the bill just read, and which has al-
ready been acted upon.
Mr. FOWLER. If it be in order to insert this
amendment to pay that company, would it not be
in order to insert an amendment to pay the claim
of Massachusetts for services in the same war?
That claim is pending before the House. I desire
* to know that fact of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order, upon the last point
raised by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
Mr. MEADE. Has the bill been read through?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been read
through.
Mr. MEADE. Then I move that amendment
in the shape of a proviso, after the last line.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot do it.
Other amendments have been added since. We
have passed one or two sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must rule that
it is not in order.
Mr. POLK. I wish to submit an amend-
ment.
Mr. MEADE. I must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the Chair
decided this amendment to be out of order, upon
the last point raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston?]
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir. It is inconsist-
ent with the part of the bill already acted upon,
and it cannot be amended.
Mr. STEPHENS. I take an appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON- It is too late to take an
appeal.
Mr. POLK. I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. POLK. As the amendment has not been
reported, I have a right to withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will not benefit my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] for we
have passed from this question. It has been de-
cided, and amendments have been received. We
are acting upon other matter, and it is therefore
too late to appeal from the decision which the
Chair made.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish it understood, that I
object to the withdrawal of the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.]
Mr. POLK. The amendment I offered was
not reported by the Clerk, and I have a right to
withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes the
rule is, that after an amendment has been sub-
mitted, read at the Clerk's desk, and reported to
the House, it is too late to withdraw it if any ob-
jection be made; but the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] has
not been reported to the House.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then he cannot withdraw
it, because it is not before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to say
a few, very few words upon the point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any debate upon
the point of order. It is not debatable.
Mr. STEPHENS. Why not?
Mr. HOUSTON. Because debate has been
closed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Houston] can state his point of or-
der. It is not, however, debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated my point of order,
and the Chair sustained the point I made. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] appeals,
but he cannot make any statement about it. No
debate upon it is in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I insist that I have a right
to state the grounds upon which I take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can state his appeal.
Mr. STEPHENS. We have in committee
after debate is stopped, the same limitation to de-
bate an appeal which we have to debate an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. ST£5PHENS. There is no rule of the
House declaring debate on an appeal in committee
out of order; and after debate has been closed in
committee by resolution of the House, we have
the right to debate an appeal the same as the right
to debate an amendment—we have the right for a
five minutes'debate. This is my understanding
of the proper construction of the rules of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The universal practice of
the House is—and my friend from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] will not doubt it—that there is no de-
bate upon appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Debate has been stopped.
The CHA1RMAN. So far aa every other
question is concerned, debate is cut off except in
cases excepted by the rule, and that is to explain
and oppose an amendment. Under a specific rule
debate is now cut off".
Mr. STEPHENS. My object was to show
the Chair, and the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] that the decision was wrong. If I
cannot have an opportunity to make that state-
ment, I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. WILCOX. I submit the following' amend-
ment :
And be it further enacted., That tire proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized to adjust and pay,
with interest from the 17th October, 1813, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the bal-
ance due to the Petersburg, Virginia, volunteers who served
in Canada during the war of 1819 with Great Britain; said
balance for pay, rations, and arms, and traveling allowance
having been withheld from them by Paymaster Joseph G.
Chalmers, who became insolvent; and nothing in anypre-
ceding part of this act shall prevent the payment hereby
provided for said volunteers.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is out of order, according to the
rule adopted in all the appropriation bills. An
amendment precisely of the same character as this,
offered by my colleague, [Mr. Gorman,] to pay
the clerks of the Delaware breakwater for services
rendered in accordance with law, was ruled out in
the civil and diplomatic bill. This is clearly a
private claim.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dunham] has made a point of order, that
this is a private claim, which the Chair has pre-
viously overruled. There are three lines added
to the original amendment, which obviates the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] and which the Chair sus-
tained. This clause made an exception.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule of the commit-
tee, as the Chair understands it, is, that when a
bill is read over by sections, and acted upon, no sec-
tion or paragraph so acted upon can afterwards be
altered by a proposition to amend with anything
inconsistent with it. The last clause of the bill
has been read and passed, and it is a part of the
bill, and the Chair rules that there can be nothing
added to the bill inconsistent with that clause, and
therefore rules the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Wilcox] to be out of or-
der.
Mr. MEADE. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. POLK. I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That the first proviso of the thirteenth section
of the act approved March 3d, 1847, entitled an "An act
making provision for an additional number of general offi-
cers, and for other purposes," be and the same is hereby
repealed, so as to place the officers of the Disbursing De-
partments upon the same footing with respect to rank.
The amendment explains itself. It is merely to
place officers of the Disbursing Department upon
the same footing with those of the (Quartermaster's
Department. It does not increase their pay, but
merely gives the right of position in the Army
which is held by the commissaries and quarter-
masters. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I am sorry that the gentle-
man offered that amendment, because it cannot be
debated in a five minutes speech. I cannot see my-
self, how it is possible that a paymaster does not
occupy equivalent rank with the quartermaster or
commissary. The mere question of rank in a
Paymaster's Department gives no additional pay.
That is true. The question of rank is, as I under-
stand it, the same with the paymaster as it is with
the quartermaster, except upon courts-martial.
Why it is they desire this, unless by some con-
struction given by the War Department it will
give additional pay, I am at loss to know. They
are now upon the same footing, except perhaps
upon courts-martial.
Mr. WE1GIITMAN. I can explain that fact
to the gentleman, if he will allow me.
Mr. GORMAN. They have no lieutenant col-
onels—they have no colonels. If they have 
Mr. POLK. In the organization of that depart-
ment by the act of 1849, they have one paymas-
ter general, with the rank of colonel, and two as-
sistant paymasters, with the rank of lieutenant-
colonel, and twenty-five majors.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to raise a point of order
upon the amendment. This amendment does not
make an appropriation, but it is a change of the law
