1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
mittee of tlie "Whole upon the Private Calendar, it
was put and disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, Tliat the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the. further consideration of the memorial of
A. Saunders, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. GOODENOW, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz:
A hill for the relief of Jacob J. Storer; and
A bill for the relief of James A. Fawns.
Mr. G. also from the same committee, reported
a bill to modify the pay of certain warrant officers
of the Navy; which was read a first and second
time by its title, ami referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be punted.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Monmouth B. Hart, Joel Kelly, and William '
Close, securities of the late Benjamin F. Hart, a
purser in the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Affans be dis-
charged from the fuither consideration of the memorial of
John H. Wesche, of the firm of Wesche &. Co., of Puebla,
Mexico, praying indemnity foi losses s-u&tined by said firm
in consequence of the annulling of a conn act made with the
agent of the United States, for supplying the army with
certain articles; and it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
Samuel Adams, and others, citizens of Castine, in Maine,
praying Congress to take measures to have internaiional
disputes settled by umpirage rather than by any appeal to
Che sword, uiid that nations will war no more; and that the
memorial do ne on the table.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, it was
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further consideiation of the meinoual of
C. W. Jay, and otheis, asking Congress to pas* a law fixing
the residences of foreign ministers of the Despotic Govern-
ments at least one hundred miles fiom the seat of Govern-
ment; and that the memorial do he on the tabic.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foieign Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
citizens*of Pennsylvania, praying that a law may bo passed
to prevent the immigration of foreign convicts, felons, and
paupeis, into the United States; and that said petition be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. SCUDDER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Teintoues be dis-
charged fiom the Anther consideration of tne memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of New Mexico, piaymg for ap-
propriations for the completing of a road from Santa Fe to
Taos, and that il be; leferred to the Committee 011 ltoads
and Canals.
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the third week in April next be set apart
for the consideration of territorial busings, and that during
that week such biiMness >hall take precedence over othei
business, and be regarded as the special order.
Mr. STUART. I was told by the chairman of
the committee, who was expected to make this
report, that such was the arrangement at the last
Congress, that certain days were set apart for that
purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The House never instructed this
committee to take into consideration the time at
which territorial business should be taken up, and
hence they can submit no report upon the subject.
They can report only upon matters committed to
them. It is not competent for a committee to ask
the suspension of the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing a resolution, except on Monday of each
week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a motion to suspend the rules of the House, at
any time, except on Monday of every week. The
Chair overrules the point of order ot the gentleman
from Georgia in this, that he thinks it competent
for the committee to consider and report upon the
time proper to take up territorial business; but the
committee has no more right than an individual
member of the House to submit a resolution to
make a special order, which would, if objected to,
require a suspension of the rules—motions for
which purpose being in order only on Mondays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has not this been the uni-
form practice of the House?
The SPEAKER. It has been customary to set
apart days for the consideration of territorial busi-
ness, but not in the manner proposed.
Mr. HALL. It can be done only by the sus-
pension of the rules, which motion is not in order
to-day.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw the motion,
intending to submit it on Monday, as I do not
wish to consume the time of the House upon
points of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported " A bill authorizing the Govern-
or of the Territory of New Mexico to call an extra
session of the Legislative Assembly of the said
Territory, if the same be deemed necessary and
expedient;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MILLSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from the fuither consideration of the petition
of the heirs of Darnel Starr, asking seven years half pay for
his services as a lieutenant in the Navy; and it wasrefened
to the Committee 011 licvolutionaiy Claims.
On motion by M'r. MILLSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions
be disehaiged from the fnrthei consideration of the petition
of Rachel Moorey, ot Clinton county, New Voik, piaying
foi a pension on account of the seivices of her late husband,
and thaf it do lie on the tabic.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases; which were severally ordered to
lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of James S. Mitchell, praying for
an allowance under the bounty land law of 1850;
and
The petition of the heirs of certain revolution-
ary soldiers residing in Chenango county, New
York, asking for grants of bounty Jand.
Mr. TUCK, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of John Kijig, of New York, praying
arrears of pensions from 1818 to 1^4, at the rate
of $8 per month; which was ordered to He on the
table and be printed.
Mr. TOWNSHEND, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Isaac Cobb; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Wholp, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the accompanying repoit, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. TOWNSHEND, it was
Ordeied, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged fiom the Amber consideiation 01 the pcfiuou
of William K. Blair for additional compensation for services
rendered in the State of Tennessee, from 1836 to 18-17;
which was otdered to he on tiie table.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on* Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of David My-
erly; which was read a first and second time by
its'title, referred to a Committee of the Whole,
made the oider of the day for to-morrow, and, wifli
the report accompanying, ordered to he printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. With the consent of the
House I will make a report from the Committee
of Claims, being absent from the Hall when that
committee was called.
Mr. MARTIN. I object.
Mr. ALBEN, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made an adveise re-
port on the petition of David Berry and others,
and the resolution of the State of Ohio in favor of
a pension for Henry Johnson; which was ordered
to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time bv their titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed, together with
the accompanying reports, viz:^
A bill for the relief of Catharine Clark;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Shade; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Dudley.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, said he had been
instructed by the Committee on Invalid Pensions
to ask that said committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the following petition's,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs*, viz:
. * k.e petition of John Duncan for an invalid pen-
sion in consequence of a disability received in the
naval service of the United States;
_ The petition of Mary Woodward, of Connec-
ticut, the widow of Lieutenant Woodward, who
lost his life in the service of the United States,
asking for a pension; and
I he petition*of Lot Davis for a pension in con-
sideration of a disability incurred in the United
States service in the war with Great Britain.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask respectfully
what is the purport of all these applications fiom
which theNaval Committee asked to bedischarged?
They all ask, I believe, pensions for naval service.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. They are me-
morials for the allowance of pensions for injuries
sustained in the naval service of the country. The
examination I have given the subject lias con-
vinced me, that heretofore that class of cases
has been considered and reported upon by the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The committee of
which I am a member, instructed me to ask that
these cases be referred to that committee.
Mr, CABELL. The Committe&on Naval Af-
fairs have unanimously passed a resolution, that
they will report back cases of this kind to the
House, with a recommendation that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. It
is no argument, as a reason for the reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that the pension
arose from services connected with the Navy—no
more than that pensions growing out of military
operations should bcrefencd to the Committee on
Military Affairs. As a member of the Naval
Committee, I shall object to the reference.
Mr. HARRIS. 3 will state, as a member of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, that these
cases belong to the Naval Committee. The com-
mittee are willing to discharge the duty, but after
an examination of that class of cases, and from the
precedents heretofore established, the committee
think that they appropriately belong to the other
committee. I desire to get the sense of the House
as to which is the appropriate committee for the
consideration of that class of cases.
Mr. CABELL. I will merely state, that the
chief ground upon which the Committee on Naval
Affairs applied for a clerk was, that their time was
very much engaged with private claims. Here is
a committee appointed specially for the considera-
tion of these particular cases, aiid I beg the House
will refer these memorials to the appropriate com-
mittee, and not lefer them to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I concur with
the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Cabell] in re-
gard to the disposition which ought to be made of
these memorials. If I understand them correctly,
they concern pensions, and, therefore, ought to
go to the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions. I stated
this morning, and it's very proper to say it here,
that the Committee 011 Naval Affairs have more of
these cases than it is possible for them to attend
to. So far as I ton individually concerned, T do
not care a farthing whether the House give a
i clerk to that committee or not. I do not ask a
clerk for them, upon mv own account. I believe no
one will charge me with neglect of duty, as head
of that committee, so far as I have capacity to do
it. No one will charge me with want of industry,
at least as much industry as ought to be applied
! to public business under these circumstances, f
i say to the House, that it is impossible for us to do
| the business of that committee, as things now are.
I shall, however, do as much as I can, and'the
balance I shall leav e undone. I think it is wholly
mineeessan' to send this memorial to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, when another committee
can more appropriately dispose of it. I say fur-
ther, that, if it goes there, it cannot probably receive
the attention of the committee.
1 Air. HALL. I move that these memorials be
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
1 siuns.
1 Mr. BOCOCK. The question raised by^ the
I chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
: is, whether these subjects come legitimately before
! the Committee on Invalid Pensions, or the Com-
I mittee on Naval Affairs. 1 believe the practice of
