1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*211
in regard to military rank in the Array, and it is,
therefore, not germane to the bill now before the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It purports to be a pro-
viso, but certainly is not germane to anything in
this bill. The Chair sustains the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Alabama* [Mr.
Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. There is nothing to which
it can be a proviso.
Mr. POLK. Will it be in order to make it an
additional section?
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair will be compelled
to rule the amendment out of order. It is changing
the rank and condition of the Army, and it is not
germane to the sutyect of the bill.
Mr. POLK. Will the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Houston] tell
me where it can be introduced to be in order?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the committee, I will read the section which
my colleague [Mr. Polk] wishes to perfect, to
ehow that 
Mr. BISSELL. If the amendment is ruled out
of order, I object to any farther discussion upon
the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill.
Mr, POLK. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Polk] submitted an amendment,
which has been reported to the House, and which
has been ruled out of order by the Chair. From
that decision the gentleman takes an appeal. The
question now is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. McC( >RKLE. I offerthe followingamend-
inent:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $71,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropri-
ated to pay the soldiers and officers who served in the war
with Mexico as volunteers under Colonel Fremont, for their
services as such, according to the terms on which they en-
tered such service.
Mr. .TONES, I submit that that is another pri-
vate claim, and cannot be offered as an amend-
ment to this bill. I ask the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia if there is any law authorizing the payment
of it ?
Mr. McCORKLE. There was a general law
passed for the payment of claims of this sort.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment stands
pretty much in the same position as the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Wilcox,] and the Chair rules it out of order.
Mr. BISSELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That paymasters' clerks shall be entitled to receive one
ration per day when on duty at their stations, to be com-
muted at the price now authorized when traveling on duty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the ques-
tion of order upon that amendment, that it does
not relate to any part of this bill, arid that there is
no general law authorizing the clerks of paymas-
ters to receive rations.
Mr. HOUSTON. They are not paid in this
bill at all, but in the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. BISSELL. If this bill does not provide
for the payment of military officers and of persons
employed in the military department of the Gov-
ernment, I do not know what it does. This
amendment proposes simply to increase the pay
of one class of the employees in that department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Alabama to say, that the pay
of paymasters and the officers provided for in this
amendment is included in the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and constitutes no part of the
subject-matter of this bill.
Mr. BISSELL. It might be very properly a
part of this bill. I apprehend that a paymaster
is a military offieer.
Mr. HOUSTON. These officers were provided
for in the civil and diplomatic bill, which passed
a few days ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That the President of the United States is herebyauthor-
ized to acccpt the service* of as many companies of mounted
Texa§ rangers as he may deem necessary for the protection
of the frontier: Provided, That the whole force thus raised
and employed in Texas shall not exeped five companies, of
one hundred men to each company. Each of said companies
of rangers shall consist of one captain, one first, one sec-
ond, and one third lieutenant, five sergeants, five corporals,
and one hundred privates, who shall engage to serve twelve
months from the tune they are mustered into service. That
said rangers shall provide their own horses, clothes, and
equipments, with the exception of arms and ammunition,
which shall be supplied by the Government. That the com-
missioned officers shall receive the same pay and emolu-
ments as officers of the same grade in the United States
Army, and shall receive the same forage and rations as
those of the same grade in the Anny of the United States;
and the non-commissioned officers shall receive the same
pay, forage, and rations as were allowed to volunteers
during the late war with Mexico, but shall in no case be
entitled to pay for the loss ot horses or private property.
That when the President shall deem it necessary to employ
any portion of said force, he shall cause the Governor of
Texas to be notified thereof, designating the number of
companies and place of muster, and the ftovernor shall se-
lect said companies, who, when mustered into service, shall
be subject to the rules and articles of war.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
is clearly not in order. It is not germane to the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment proposes to
change the constitution of the forces For the pro-
tection of the frontier. It is also inconsistent with
a provision of the bill which has been already
acted upon and passed over. The gentleman from
Texas will remember that the Chair distinctly
stated, a little while ago, that the practice of the
committee was to read over the bill by sections,
that when a section had b«°en acted upon and
passed over it was no longer liable to amendment,
and that nothing could be adopted afterwards in-
consistent with what had been thus passed over.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what portion
of the bill my amendment is inconsistent with.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a section of the
bill with which the Chairthinks it is inconsistent.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like the Chair to
point out what provision of the bill my amend-
ment is inconsistent with.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Texas, at any rate, makes an ap-
propriation in pursuance of no law now existing.
It proposes to raise a new force.
Mr. HOWARD. My amendmentproposes no
appropriation, and the Chair will recollect that
under a general law, the President 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Texas appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; 1 do not understand
what the decision of the Chair is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. H ENN. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill.
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That hereafter the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to dis-
tribute arms to the several States and Territories, upon the
basis of the number of free white male inhabitants of the
'respective States and Territories, over the age Of eighteen
years and under the age of foity-five years, a«s showu by
the latest census taken by authority of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
is not in order. It is notin pursuance of any law
now existing, and it has no connection with this
bill. The arming of the militia is a separate and
distinct subject from the pay of the regular Army.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the committee do
now vise.
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That the sum of $400 be paid to the adjutant of the sec-
ond regiment of artillery, for the use of the regimental fund,
for instruments belonging to the band of said regiment,
which were lost or destroyed, by casualties, during the bat-
tles of Cerro Gordo and Molino del Itey, the musicians
having been ordered into the ranks.
1 presume that is in order. It is an appropria-
tion of money.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand, from the read-
ing of the amendment, that this is a private claim.
Mr. GORMAN. It is a proposition to pay for
munitions of war, recognized as such by the arti-
cles of war.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order
that this is a private claim. I understand that it
has not been examined by any committee of this
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
regard it as a private claim.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope the Chair will hear a
suggestion in relation to that amendment. I shall
be compelled to appeal from the decision of the
Chair. Here is a claim—for what? For a part
of the munitions of war, just as much as the fife
and drum are. Would it not be in order to make
an appropriation in this bill to purchase drums
and fifes for the Army? I insist that this amend-
ment is as legitimate as anything can be to this bill,
and I can show the Chair, in the last Army appro-
priation bill, items of a similar character, ad infi*
nitum.
Mr. FOWLER. I raise a question of order
upon another consideration, and that is, that the
amendment is inconsistent with a section of the
bill already passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
this to be a proposition to indemnify a particular
individual for losses incurred at Cerro Gordo and
Molino del Rey, that instruments belonging to
the regiment were there lost, that the loss fell upon
a particular individual or individuals, and that
this amendment proposes to indemnify them for
that loss. On that ground, the Chair holds it to be
a private claim, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. GORMAN. From that decision I appeal.
The question was put—"Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"—and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing as an additional section to the bill:
{Sec. —. It shall be the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to cause all the troops now in the public service,
except such as are iiece^saiy for the protection of the fron-
tier from Indian depredations, and to protect the public
property at the forts and arsenals of the United States, to
he disbanded and dischaiged from service during the pres-
ent fiscal year.
Mr. SWEETSER. I would inquire of my
colleague if he wishes to discharge General Scott ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that that amendment is
not m order, because it proposes to abolish the
Army, for which this bill is to make appropria-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairrules theamend-
ment out of order.
Mr. MEADE. I will again offer my amend-
ment, in order to give the Chair an opportunity of
reconsidering the point of order. It seems to me
that, by astrictconstruction of that clause to which
exception is taken on the point of order 
[Shouts of (i Order !" " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to call the attention of
the Chair to the fact 
[Shouts of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. MEADE. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Pfc. 4. And be it farther enactcd, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury he authorized to adjust
and pay, with interest from the 17th October, J813, out of
any money m the Treasury not otbei wise appropriated, the
balance due to the Petersburg Virginia volunteers who
served in Canada during the war of 1812, with Groat
Britain; said balance for pay, rations, aims, and traveling
allowance, having been withheld from them by Paymaster
Joseph G. Chalmers, who became insolvent.
Mr. GOODEI^OW. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that this same amendment has been pro-
posed before, and ruled out of order by the Chair.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the indulgence of the
committee to read the last four lines of the section,
to show that this amendment is in order. I wish
to show that it does not appropriate any money
at all.
Mr. GOODENOW. But my point of order is
based upon different grounds entirely.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to present this point to
the Chair—
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to direct the attention
of the Chair to the last four lines of the bill, and I
ask the indulgence of the committee for that pur-
pose. It provides—
'• That no poi tion of the moneys appropriated by this act
shall be applied to the payment of any expenses incurred
prior to the first day of July, 1852 M
