1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. STANLY. I will spare the Speaker and
the House, and not take an appeal. [A laugh.]
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I appeal from
the decisien.of the Chair, and I do it for the pur-
pose of saying, that when the motion comes up
in'order, to remove these chairs from the area—if
such a motion shall be made—I shall move, as an
amendment, to remove the desks from the Hall,
which cause a portion of themembers to be ban-
ished to a part of the House where they cannot
hear, or participate in the proceedings.
[Cries of "Good! " "Good!"]
Mr. STANTON. That is all I have to say,
and I now withdraw the appeal.
The appeal was withdrawn.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The question now being upon the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, demanded tellers;
which were ordered, and Messrs. Brown, of
Mississippi, and Fowler were appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 79, noes 56.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the-Union, (Mr. Hibbard
in the Chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated as the business be-
fore the committee the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 7, " For the encour-
agement of agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and for other purposes;" and that the pending:
question was on the substitute for the bill offered
by Mr. Brown, of Mississippi—[published in the
proceedings of yesterday, arid to be found in a
subsequent part of this day's proceedings.]
Mr. STANLY. Is that amendment open to
■ amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANLY. Will it be in order after that
amendment is disposed of, to ofl'er an amendment
to the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. STANLY. Then I will wait until that
time.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, called for tellers
on the amendment; -which were ordered, and
Messrs. ArPLETON, of Maine, and Mason- ap-
pointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 67, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to as a substi-
tute for the original bill.
Mr. STANLY. Is the amendment just adopted
a substitute for the whole bill >
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANLY. Will it be in order to amend
the bill as amended J
Mr. HOUSTON. The substitute has been
adopted by the committee, and cannot be amended.
Mr. STANLY. That is the question. I want
to offer an amendment, as an additional section to
the bill as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to strike
out any part of the substitute is not, in order; but
it is the opinion of the Chair that an amendment,
as an additional section, is in order.
Mr. MASON. I understand that no amend-
ment can be offered. I move that the committee
rise and report the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides than an
amendment is m order, as an additional section.
Mr. MASON. I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that as
the substitute has been adopted by the committee,
that no motion to strike out any portion of it
could be entertained, but the Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the committee may add to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the chair decide that
the substitute just adopted by the committee, is
subject to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
no part of it can be stricken out, but that an addi-
tional section may be added.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair will remember
that there is a rule of the House, which governs
the committee, which authorizes the friends of a
bill to perfect a bill, before a motion can be enter-
tained to strike it out. The same rule authorizes
the friends of the substitute proposed to be offered,
to perfect it before the vote can be taken to strike
out and insert. But after that vote has been taken,
the proposition is then beyond the power of the
committee, because the friends both of the original
proposition and that proposed to be substituted,
have had the opportunity to render their respective
propositions perfect before the vote was taken.
Mr. STANLY. The Chair will remember that
before the vote was taken, by which the substitute
was adopted, I proposed to offer an amendment,
but was informed by the Chair, that I could offer
it after the substitute had been disposed of, and on
that account I neglected, at that time, to offer it.
The CHAIRMAN. It was the opinion of the
Chair, and he is still of the same opinion, that the
original bill, if the substitute were voted down,
would be amendable; and that the substitute, if
adopted, would be amendable by addition. He
recollects of no usage in committee upon a similar
question. That is his impression, however; but
he would be happy for an appeal to be taken, in
order to test the sense of the committee upon the
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. For that reason, and not
out of any opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
for I do not know what his amendment is, I take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. If that
decision be adopted, it makes an unending strug-
gle to get through with the business, and the com-
mittee would never come to a conclusion upon the
subject.
Mr, STANLY. Then, as I understand it, the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston-] does j
not object to my amendment as a question of or- ;
der. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to the gentle- j
man's amendment at all, for I do not know what
it is. I only said that, in my opinion, the bill, j
in its present form, was not amendable. :
Mr. STANLY. But the gentleman raises the |
objection, not because it is a violation of the rules |
of the House   '
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly I did object for I
precisely that reason. I
Mr. STANLY I understood the gentleman to !
object because it would be an unending business. !
Now,Mr. Chairman, 1 object to thismodeof chok- i
ing off amendments unfairly. I ask the Chair if i
he does not remember that I put the question to ;
him, before this substitute was adopted, to know ;
if it would be in order to offer an amendment after j
the substitute was adopted, to which he replied in [
the affirmative? I now want to know how many i
decisions shall I have before I have an opportu- \
nity to offer my amendment ? ]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de- j
batable. The Chair, however, has been happy j
to hear suggestions relative to the point of order, i
The gentleman from North Carolina moves to j
amend the amendment by adding a section. To j
this the objection is made that the amendment is
! not in order. The Chair decides that the amend-
j ment is in order. From that decision the gentle-
! man from Alabama appeals, and the question now '
j lw, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
: judgment of (he committee ?"
: Mr. STANLY. 1 hope my amendment will '
be read.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanhas a right
| to have hi* amendment read. j
J The Clerk then read the amendment, as follows: j
Jhvl be it further enacted, That any person who is tile \
head of a humiy, residing in any .State in which thoie is no [
j l.'iml belonging to the United States, who is not worth the j
sum of ,v50U, shall, iron) and after the passage of this act,
be entitled to enter, by his or her agent, free of cost, one
I hundred and sixty acres of land -: Provided, said pel son '
■ siml! make oath of his or her intention to occupy or reside
1 on said land witlnn yeaib from the tnne of entering the ;
same. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to in-
i quire of the Chair if the question has been taken ;
on striking out the entire bill, and inserting in lieu
of it the substitute of the gentleman from Missis- ■
, sippi?
1 The CHAIRMAN. It has.
I Mr. STEPHENS. Then the proposition of
the gentleman from North Carolina is to amend
, what has been inserted.
i The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
| gentleman from North Carolina is not to strike
i' out any portion of the amendment, but to add to :
the substitute.
Mr.STEPHENS. That is clearly out of order. 1
!, Mr. STANLY. If it is in order, I move to \
strike out the whole amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
to strike out anything the committee has inserted.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and the Chair announced the state of the
vote as follows—ayes 64, noes 59.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask for tellers.
Mr. STANLY. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not too late to call for tellers. The Chair had
stated the vote, but had not announced the decision
when tellers were demanded.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks an ap-
peal cannot be taken at this time.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal from that decision.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina is out of order.
Tellers were then ordered on tlie appeal.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to say that 1
was misled by the Chair in offering this amend-
ment? 1 put the question to the Chair, and he
answered very distinctly, that after the vote had
been taken upon the adoption of the substitute of
the gentleman from Mississippi, it would be in
order to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. As far as I am concerned,
if the committee 
Mr. HALL. I call the gentleman from Ala-
bama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only desire to say that I
would be perfectly willing to vote upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, if
the rules did not prohibit him from offering it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it may be offered
by general consent.
[Loud cries of " Object!" " Object!"]
Mr. GORMAN. I understand there is no
quorum present; I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not been shown
that there is no quorum present.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and it was decided m the
negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Messrs. Olds and Hall were appointed tellers;
and the question being again put, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee," it was decided in the negative—ayes
63, noes 64.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
Xvlr. Stanly's amendment was decided to be out
of order.
Mr. MASON. 1 move that the committee rise
and report the.bill.
Mr. STANLY. Does the Chair sustain his
own decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that if his own vote is added, it would not change
the result.
Mr. JONES. If the Chair adds his vote to the
affirmative, it would be a tie—64 to 64, and the
decision would not be overruled.
The CHAIRMAN. The burden of getting a
majority is with the affirmative, in the opinion of
the Chair. The vote is—ayes 63, noes 64, and
the decision of the Chair is overruled.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of orc^r.
A. number of names were included in the count
after the tellers had reported, and so great was the
confusion that there has been no fair count. I ask
for a recount.
Mr. HALL. I will state that after one of the
telleis left, certain votes were given m, I think
there ought, in justice, to be a recount.
Mr. STANLY. If theamendrnent is right the
House can vote for it; if not, they can vote it
down.
Objection was made to a recount.
Mr. STANLY. I object to that. The House
is to say whether there shall be a recount or not.
It is not the right of one member to overrule the
wish of the House in such a matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that after a vote has been taken, and the decision
announced, there cannot be a recount except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope that unanimous
consent will be given for a recount.
Mr. -DAWSON. I object.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a privileged question
