2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
Now, that amendment does not propose to ap-
propriate any portion of the money appropriated
m this section. It directs the money to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. Now, this money is otherwise ap-
propriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now insist upon the mo-
tion of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] that
the committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Th e committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Bocock) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 220,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30th, 1853, and
had instructed him to report the same to the House
with sundry amendments thereto.
Mr. HOUSTON, f now ask the previous
question upon the bill and amendments.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and allow me to offer my
amendment in the proper place, so as to avoid the
question of order. T will renew the call if the
gentleman will extend to me that privilege.
[Cries of "Nop>uNo!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I would very gladly accom-
modate the gentleman, but lam appealed to on all
sides not to withdraw it.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The usual course will now
be pursued. The amendments will be read
over by the Clerk, and such as there is no objec-
tion to will be adopted by a single vote.
The amendments were then reported by the
Clerk.
Mr. WALSH called for a separate vote upon
the fourth amendment, and
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for a separate
vote upon the fifth amendment.
The question was then put, and the other amend-
ments were concurred in by the House.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the fourth amendment, which is as follows:
be it further enacted, That so much of the act
making apptopi tution  lor I lie Aum foi the year ending the
iJOth ol June, ltC>[. appioved *20fh of September, IbVJ, as'
piovidt'* exlia pay to the commissioned otiiceis and en-
listed men of tlie United 8mtes Army in Oregon and Cali-
fornia, be, and the sarins 1a hoioby, continued for one yeai
fiom the Kt day of March, 18o2 ; and that the provisions
of tlie List mentioned not be, and aie hereby, extended to
New Mexico during the anient \ eai piovnlcd lor by this
ii'etjon ; and Ihat $300,000 be, and heiohy is, appiopuafcul
foi that purpose : Provided, Tii.itsaid ofliceis and monshall
receive only one Half of tlie increased amount over the
remilai pay allowed b\ law.'1
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The fifth amendment w;is then reported, as fol-
lows:
" Kor flic puiposo of testing tlie piaehe.tbilify ol employ-
ing camels upon liie plum- ;is a Mib<tilut.'' foi lior«4V,
Mr. KOWLKFL Upon that amendment I de-
mand the yeas and nays, and tellers upon the yeas
and nays;.
Tellers svere ordered; and Messrs. I3ocoeK,and
Stepiievs of Geoi^iu, were appointed.
Mr. SWEETSER, It is very evident that there
is no quorum present. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 68, noes not
counted—and the House adjourned till to-morrow
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PF/rrrroxs.
The following petition^, memorial?-', &.C., were presented
under the rule, and inferred to the appropuate committee-':
By Mr. PA11K1CR, of Pemi^lvania: The petition nf U.
Hale and '20 othew, citizens of Miftiin count}, Penn-
1 vania, pia\ ing Congress to pa^ the bill mttoduced into
the Hou-e of Representatives by the Hon. Edward tftanlv.
entitled "A bill to authorize the Secretary of tlie Treasurj
to depoMt with the .several states the fourth installment of
the depn-iN nt the public money directed to be made with
{.aid State* by the net approved *23d June, 1836.
Hv Mr. BROW N, of Mississippi: The petition of George
Wood and -11 other-?, citizens ol Lauderdale county ;
Also, the petition of Robert Phelps and 17 others, of same
county;
Also, the petition ol T^ham Moody and 60 others, of
Wavne counu :
Also, the petition of Dougald McLaughlin and 35 others,
of same county ;
Al&o,the petition of J. G. Blackwell and 92 others, of
Smith county;
AJso, the petition of A. MeDonoldand 51 others, of New-
ton county;
Also, the petition ofD. It. Tool and 130 other citizcns of
Clarke county, (in all 416,) praying for the removal of the
land office from Augusta, Mississippi, to Paulding, in the
same State.
By Mr. HART: The petition of G. E. Douglass and
others, residing in the city of New York, praying for the
passage of a law for the better protection of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of ves&els propelled by steam.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, .August 14, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating1, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, information in regard to the
controversies between the United States consul at
Acapulco and the Mexican authorities; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the PostmasterGeneral, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
respecting the printing, binding, and advertising
executed for or by order of that Department;
which was read.
A motion by Mr. Hamlin, that the report be
printed, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-.
CONTUMACY OF A "WITNESS.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senate will recollect
that yesterday morning the chairman of the Spe-
cial Committee, raised by the Senate on the 6th
of this month, reported that a witness, summoned
by that committee, had proved contumacious. A
resolution was submitted by the direction of the
committee, to deal with that contumacious individ-
ual. This morning, the witness reappeared be-
fore the committee, and took the oath, and his
examination as a witness was commenced. By the
direction of the committee, I therefore announce
this fact to the Senate, and. desire that the resolu-
tion submitted yesterday may betaken up for the
purpose of being laid on the table.
The resolution was taken up, and the motion to
lay on the table was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after a short time spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of John L.
Sullivan, praying that certain amendments may
be made to the bill for the protection of lives of
passengers on board vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam; which was ordered to be laid on
the table.
Also, a petition of the Humane Society of Mas-
sachusetts, praying the enactment of such addi-
tional laws as will more effectually protect the
lives of passengers on board vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam; which was ordered to
be laid on the table.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of the New
York and Havre Mail Steamship Company, ask-
ing the regular appropriation for the service per-
formed by them unuer their contract with the
Post Office Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of the
heirs of Abraham Hunt, praying some allowance
in consideration of the services of their ancestor
during the war of the Revolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Willamantic, Connecticut, prayingthat the home-
stead bill may become a law; which was ordered
to be laid on the table.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Evariste Blanc, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that the pe-
titioner have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers; which was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time, and passed:
Bill for the relief of Mary F. B. Levely;
Bill for the relief of the petty officers and sea-
men of the United States frigate Missouri;
Bill for the relief of Purser T. P. McBlair;
Bill for the relief of Emelie Hooe;
Bill for the relief of Brevet Major H. L. Ken-
drick;
Bill for the relief of John Tucker;
Bill for the relief of C. E. Greneaux;
Bill to grant a pension to the widow and chil-
dren of John Balster;
Bill for the relief of Sally J. Mathews;
Bill for the relief of John Moore White;
Bill to confer on John W. Gluinney, a member
of'the Stockbridge tribe of Indians, the rights of
citizenship of the United States, and for other
purposes;
Bill for the relief of George Stealey;
Bill for the relief of Elizabeth Armistead;
Bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Davis,
widow of Daniel W. Davis;
Bill for the relief of Priscilla C. Simonds;
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Samuel Prioleau, deceased;
Bill for the relief of Catharine Proctor Hayden,
only heir of John White, late lieutenant colonel
in the fourth Georgia battalion of the revolution-
ary army; and
Bill for the relief of J. Boyd, of Louisiana.
MARY E. D. BLANEY.
The bill for the relief of Mary E. D. Blaney,
widow of the late Major George Blaney, was read
a third time.
Mr. WALKER. That, I believe, is a bill in which
allowance is made for interest. When it was or-
dered to a third reading, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] was unfortunately out of his seat.
1 will now content myself simply with asking the
yeas and nays on its passage, intending myself to
vote in favor of it. There are several cases behind
that, involving the same principle, and I ask for
the yeas and nays, that we may have a precedent
falling within the knowledge of the Senator when
we come to act on subsequent bills. 1 am in favor
of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badgei, Brooke, Charlton, De Saussure,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Foot, Ilamlin. Mallory, Seward,
Soul£, Spruancc, Sumner, Underwood, t'pham, Wade,
and Walker—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Biad-
Imry, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clemens, Dodge oi Iowa, Doug-
lac, Downs, Felch, Fi<h, Ivme:, Meiiwether, and Weller —
17.
So the bill was rejected.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Indiana and Illinois, in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Terre Haute to Spring-
field; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of "Rep-
resentatives,by Mr. Forney, itsClerk, announcing
that it had passed a bill to establish certain post
roads; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The message also contained a request that the
Senate would furnish the House with a certified
copy of the bill of the Senate appropriating land
scrip in full and final satisfaction of Virginia mili-
tary bounty land warrants; the engrossed bill
having been mislaid since it was received from the
Senate.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the message, and in conformity therewith, it was
so ordered.
EMOLUMENTS OF GENERALS SCOTT AND
PIERCE.
Mr. MERIWETHER. I ask the Senate to
take up the resolution which I submitted on Thurs-
day. I apprehend it will take but a few moments
to adopt it.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Piesirlent of the United States he ie-
quesiedto inform the Senate what amount of public money
