1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
Gentlemen rise up here and say they were not
counted 
Mr. MILLER. I hope there will be a recount.
I desire to vote myself. I will state, as my col-
league, [Mr. Hall,] who was one of the tellers,
stated, that some votes were announced after the
tellers had separated, and i asked one of the tellers
myself—the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds]—
to announce my vote m the affirmative. And the
gentleman told me it was too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that a recount was requested by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
The Chair announced that if there" was an unani-
mous consent, there could be a recount. Objec-
tion was made, and the Chair decided that it
required unanimous consent after the vote was
announced. Is there an appeal taken from that
decision ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. Is an appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] appeals.
Mr. RRO WN. I trust, after the representation
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Miller,]
that no one will object to a recount. If there was
8 mistake, there ought to be a recount.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, made some re-
marks, totally inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. STANLY responded in an equally inaud-
ible tone.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. STANLY. Weuill see what the courtesy
of the House will do.
The CHAIRM AN. This is a question of order,
on which an appeal lies from the decision of the
Chair. The decision of the Chair is, that after
the decision has been announced, it requires unani-
mous consent for a recount. The question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Tellers were then demanded and ordered.
Mr. HART. Will the Chair state the question
before the vote is taken?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question. A recount upon the vote just taken was
demanded. The Chair decided that there could
be no recount after the vote was taken and an-
nounced, except by unanimous consent. Prom
that decision an appeal is taken.
Mr. STANLY. I beg pardon, but the Chair
has not stated the whole question. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Miller] stated that he de-
sired to vote, but that his vote was not announced
in the confusion. The Chair will remember the
statement that some votes were handed in after the
telleis were separated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair think-', the ques-
tion before the committee is as he has stated it.
The statement of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina may, at the same time, be correct.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish barely to appeal to
the committee, to allow the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to offer his amendment,
without overruling the decision of the Chair. He
was misled, as he states, and while a majority of
the committee havefelt it their duty to vote as they
have, I hope they will allow the amendment to
come in by unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is now m the
act of dividing1 the committee, and the Chair must
request gentlemen to suspend remarks until the
vote is taken. Upon the appeal tellers have been
ordered.
Messrs. Houston and Olds were appointed
tellers; and the question being taken, the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 63.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANLY. I have another amendment to
offer. I move the same amendment ruled out of
order, inserting in the blank the word " two."
Mr. MASON. I was entitled to the floor, being
first recognized by the Chair, and the gentleman
has no ri^ht to take it from me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor. I
Mr. MASON. I move that the committee rise, :
and report the bill to the House. I decide that it |
is out of order to move now an amendment to the j
bill. I think it is clearly right and proper that the ;
committee should now rise, and the bill be re- j
ported to the House- i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the committee to have decided that it is out of
oider further to amend the bill, unless by unan-
imous consent. Therefore no amendment can be
received.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust that unanimous con-
sent will be granted the gentleman to introduce
his amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume no one will
object to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Alabama, of having a vote upon my colleague's
amendment. It wiH take but a short time to dis-
pose of it. He was misled by a remark of the
Chair, or his amendment would have been pre-
viously presented. No one, I presume, will ob-
ject to its now being introduced, and the vote of
the committee being taken upon it.
[Cries of" I object!" " I object!"]
Mr. CLARK. I desire to offer an amendment,
and ask that it be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. Amendments are not in
order.
Mr. CLARK. After it is reported, I intend
] taking an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
| I do not see how I can take an appeal until it is
j read.
] The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
I that, under the ruling of the committee reversing
j the decision of the Chair, no amendment to the
i bill is now in order.
I Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. The gentleman
i from North Carolina wanted a fair count. He
' can appeal from the decision of the Chair, and
| there will then be had a count that will satisfy the
j committee.
! The CHAIRMAN. There was an appeal,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained by the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. But he has now offered his
amendment in a modified form. I submit that the
gentleman can appeal from the decision of the
Chair upon the amendment he has now offered.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to interpose no diffi-
culty to action upon this bill, but will proceed,
with the courtesy of the committee, to make my
five minutes5 speech. I do not wish to take an ap-
peal , I desire only to make a five minutes' explana-
tion upon the amendment.
sum of $500, shall, from and after the passage of this act,
be entitled to enter, by his or her agent, free of *ost, one
hundred and sixty acre? of land; Provided, said person
shall make oarh ofhJpor her intention to occupy or resl&a
on said land within two years from the time of entering th«
same.
Mr. STANLY. I wish that amendmeut re-
ceived, and to submit a few words on it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the amendment is not in order, and from "that
decision an appeal has been taken by the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. STANLY. What is the Chair's ground
for his decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. That the committee have
virtually decided that amendments are not now in
order.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal virtually .from that
'decision. [Laughter.]
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will, with the
' Chair's permission, ask him a question: Sup-
| pose this substitute, instead of being adopted m
; lieu of the original bill, it had been rejected by
| the committee, would it not then have been com-
I petentfor the committee to have attached addi-
j tional sections by way of amendments to the
; original bill ? Then, if that is so 
I Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is nqt de-
■ batable.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand tellers
; on the appeal.
! Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Thompson,
i of Virginia, and Stephens, of Georgia, were ap-
! pointed.
j Thequestion was then put—"Shall the decision
j of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
! mittee?"—and it was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes81, noesol.
And the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Mason, that the committee rise and report the
bill, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Hibbard) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the TJnion had, according to
order, had under consideration the state of the
The CHAIRMAN. Debate at this stage of the Union generally, and particularly House bill No. 7,
" ' being a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce,
&<!., and had directed him to report the said bill,
with an amendment, to the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have an
amendment which I wish to offer in lieu of the
amendment adopted by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I will send it to
the Clerk's desk to be read, and upon it I ask for
the previous question:
proceedings is out of order. The Chair begs leave
to state that he understood the gentleman to inquire
of the Chair whether, if the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] was not
adopted, his amendment would be in order. The
Chair told him that he thought it would be in or-
der. The gentleman from North Carolina will
further remember, that the ruling of the Chair
was, that his amendment would be in order after
that of thegentlemanfrom Mississippi wasadopted,
j, but the committee overruled the decision of the
: Chair, and virtually ruled that no further amend-
j ment would be in order. The Chair thinks, there-
j fore, he cannot receive any other amendment.
I Mr. STANLY. I beg the Chair's pardon. The
1 House has not decided that no further amendment
is in order, and they have had no such question
before them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not"under-
stand the committee to decide in terms that no fur-
ther amendment was in order; but he understood
the ground upon which the committee decided the
former amendment out of order, to be that the
substitute already adopted was not amendable.
That was, in effect, a decision of the question
upon the amendment now offered, and he deemed
himself bound by the action of the committee so
to rule.
Mr. STANLY. I object to the inference of
the Chair. I present my amendment with "two"
inserted in the blank, and demand a vote of the
committee upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point I made for
the Chair's decision—that no amendment was j
now in order. I
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the j
Chair that the amendment cannot be now received, i
Does the gentleman take an appeal. j
Mr. STANLY. Most decidedly. It is a de- j
cision I never heard of before. \
The Clerk then read Mr. Stanly's amend- j
ment, as follows: j
Jind be it further enacted. That any person who is the :
head of a family, residing m any State in which there is no
That an> person who is the head of a family, and citizen
of the United States, or any person who is the head of a
j family, and had become a citizen prior to the first day of
| January, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, as required by the
i naturalization laws of the United States, shall, from and
! after the passage of this act, be entitled to enter, free of
j cost, one quarter section of vacant and unappropriated pub-
! he lands, or a quantity equal thereto, to be loeated in a body
, in conformity with the legal subdivisions of the public
! land?:, and after the same shall have been surveyed.
' Sec. 2. Jind be it jurther enacted, That the person ap-
, plying for the benefit of this act .shall, upon application to
' the register of the land office in which he or she is about
i to make such entry, make affidavit before the said register,
1 that he or she is the head of a family, and is not the owner
of any estate in land, at the time of such application, and
has not disposed ot any estate m land, to obtain the benefits
of this act; and upon making the affidavit as above re-
quired, and filing the affidavit with the register, he or she
shall thereupon be permitted to enter the quantity of land
already specified: Provided* however, That no certificate
shall be given or patent issued therefor until the expiration
of five \ears from the date of such entry; and if, at the
expiration of such tune, the person making such entry, or
if he be dead, his widow, or m case of her death, his heirs
or devisee, or m case of a widow making such entry, her
heir:- or devisee m case of her death, shall prove by two
ciedible witnesses, that he, she, or the'v have continued to
reside upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon
the same, and have not alienated the same, or any part
thereof, then in such ca«e. he, ^he, or they shall be entitled
to a patent as in other cases provided for by jaw: And
provided jurther, 3n ca<-e of the death of both father and
mother, leaving an infant child or children, under fourteen
years of age. the right and the fee shall inure to the benefit
of said infant child or children, and the executor, adminis-
trator, or guardian, may at any lime within two years after
the death of the surviving parent, sell said land for the ben-
efit of said infants, but for no other purpose, and the pur-
chaser shall acquire the absolute title by the purchase, and
be entitled to a patent from the United States.
Sec. 3. Jind bt it further enacted, That the register of
the land office shall note ill such applications on the tract
    J} o...  ...   books and plats of his office, and keep a register of all such
land belonging to the United States, who is not worth the [\ entries, and make return thereof to the General Land
