1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Office, together with the proof upon which they have been
founded.
Sec. 4. JlnJ he it further enacted, That all land ac-
quired under the provisions of tliife act shall, in no event,
become liable to the satisiaction of any debt or debts con-
tracted prior to the issuing the patent theretor.
Sec. 5. -And be it further enacted, That if, at any time
after filing the affidavit as required m the second section of
this act, and before the expiration of the five years afore-
said, it shaJJ be proven by two or more respectable wit-
nesses upon oatii to the satisfaction of the register of the
land office, that the person having filed such affidavit shall
have actually changed his or her residence, or abandoned
the said entry for more than six mouths at any one unie,
then and in that event the land so entered shall revert back
to the Government, and be disposed of as other pubiic lands
are now by law.
Sec.6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any individual
now a resident of any one of the States oi Territories, and
not a citizen of the United States, but at the time of making
such application for the benefit of this act, shall have filed
a dcclaiation of intention, as requited by the naturalization
laws of the United States, and shall become a citizen oi the
same before the issuance of the patent, as made and pro-
vided for in this act, shall be placed \ipon an equal footing
with-the native-born citizens of the United States.
Sec. 7. JlnA be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry under the
provisions of this act; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is hereby required topiepareandissue
such rules and regulations consistent with this act, as shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into effect;
and that the registers and receivers of the several land
offices fchall be entitled to receive the same compensation
for any lands patented under the provisions of this act, that
they are now entitled to receive when the same quantity of
land is entered with money, to be paid by the party to
■whom the patent shall be issued: Provided, however, That
all persons entering land under the provisions of this act,
shall, as near as may be practicable, in making such en-
tries, be confined to each alternate quarter section, and to
land subject to private entry: Jlnd provided further. That
nothmg in this act shall be so construed as to impair or in-
terfere in any manner whatever with existing preemption
rights.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I wish to ascer-
tain in what way the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] offers his amendment. Is it in
lieu of the entire amendmentadopied by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer it in heu of the entire
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Johnson,] proposes to strike out all
of the amendment adopted by the committee from
the word " that" in the first line, and insert what
has been read.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish, for my
own information, and probably that of some others,
to inquire of my colleague [Mr. Johnson] if his
bill, if amended, which heproposes in iieu of that
adopted by the Committee of the Whole, is sub-
stantially what the original bill would be with the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole
before it was stricken out?
Mr. JOHNSON. Substantially the same, but |
decidedly improved. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to pro-
pound an interrogatory to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] in relation to the
amendment.
[Cries of 141 object!" "I object!" from several
members.]
Mr. EVANS. The courtesy was extended to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
to extend the courtesy to others, but it was ob-
jected to upon the right of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
(Cries of" No I" "No!"" No!" from all parts
of the Hall.]
Mr. CLtNQMAN demanded tellers; which
■were ordered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Cling- i
man, and Jones of Tennessee, acting as tellers,) j
and there were—ayes 52, noes 81. i
So the House refused to adjourn. I
The question was then put on the amendment:
to the amendment, and it was decided in the af- j
firmative—yeas 97, nays 77; as follows; i
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Chaileb Allen, Willis Al- 1
Ien, Babcock, Barliett, Briggs, Crook*, Buell, Rusby, E. .
Harrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, '
Cartier, Chandler, Clmrchwell. Cleveland, Cobb, Cotl-
man, Cuilom, Curtis, George T. Davis, John G. Davit,
Dawson, Dean, Disney, Doty, Dnrkee, Eastman, Ewing,
Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Gilmoie, Goirnan, Gieen, Giev, Grow, Hail,
Uham G. Harris, Hait, Hendricks, Ilenn, IToi^ton, Thos
M. Howe, Ingersoll, Jenkins, Andiew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Lockhart, Mace, Edwaid C. Marshall, McNair,
Miller, Molony, Henry 1). Moore, John Moore, Newton,
Olds, Samuel VV. Parker, Penn, Polk, Porter, Richardson,
Riddle, Robbing Robinson, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft,
Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton,
George Vv. Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend,
Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Addison White, Alexander White,
Williams, and Yates—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, *\llison, John Appleton, Av-
erett, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bocock, Bragg,
Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, Bur-
rows, Caskie, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Olingman, Col-
cock, Conger, Dockery, DuiTcan,* Edmundson, Evans,
Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodrich, Hamilton, Har-
per, Sampson W. Harris, Hdscall, Hebard, Hjbbaid, Hol-
laday, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Jack-
son, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry,
Letcher, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Maiun, Mason, Mc-
Corkle, McLanahan, McMullin, McQueen, Millson, Mi-
ner, Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Penniman,
Perkins, Phelps, Ross, Scuiry, David L. Seymour, Origen
S. Seymour, Snow, Abraham P. Stevens, Alexander H.
Stephens, Strother, Taylor, Tuck, Wallace, Washburn,
Welch, Wildnck, and Woodward—77.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. Howard stated
that he had paired off upon this bill with Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to re-
consider the vote just taken, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me to say a word upon the
question of reconsideration.
[Cries of " No !" " No!"]
The SPEAKER. It would require the unan-
imous consent of the House.
[Loud cries of 44 Object!"]
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in tiie affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
. Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays
on that motion; but they were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers; and they
were not ordered.
The question was then put, and on a division
there were—ayes 8G, noes 86; the Speaker voted
in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JENKINS moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and on that motion he asked the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. St. MARTIN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. POLK demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
Mr. St. MARTIN withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. ORR renewed it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary.]
The question was then put on Mr. Orr's mo-
tion to adjourn, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 74, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, John Appleton, Avcrctt, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bocock,
Bra™, Breckmiidge, George II. Brown, Buell, Burrows,
Chapman, Cha* tnin} Clark, Olingman. Colcock, Conirer,
Geoijje T. Davi^, Dockery, Duncan, Edmundson, Evans,
Faulkner, Floyd, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
Gamble, Gentiy, Gihnorc,Goodrich, Gray, Hamilton, Har-
per, Jsltam G. Harris, Sampson W. Hairi?.. Hebaid, Holla-
day, Horsford, Jackson, Jenkins, Preston'King, Landiy,
Letcher, Mann, Martin, McQueen, Miller, Milton, Miner,
Moiehcad, Murphy, Orr, Outlaw, Ito^, DavidL Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Stanlv, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Abr'm
P. Steven*, St. Maitm, Strother, Tayloi, Tuck, Wallace,
WaMi, Wa&libum, Welch, Wildnck, Williams, and Wood-
ward—74
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis
Allen, Allison, Babcock,Bartlett, Bissell,Brigg.s, AlbertG,
Brown, Bu^by, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Gait-
ter, Caskie, Chandler, Churchwell, Cleveland, Cobb, Cott-
Ha^call, Ilendncks, Herin, Hibbard, Houston, John W^
Howe, Thomas Y. How, fngersoll,.Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Lockhart, Mace, Edward C.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McCorkle,McMul-
lin, McNair, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, New-
ton, Olds, Samuel W. Parker, Pea^lee, Penn, Penniman,
Peikins, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Richardson, Robbuts, Robin-
son, Savage, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Skelton, Smith," Snow,
Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Gcotgc W. Thompson,Thurs-
ton, Townshend, Walbridge, Ward, Watkins, Addison
White, Alexander White, and Yates—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then put on Mr. Jenkins's
motion, and it was decided m the negative—yeas
57/nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, John Appleton, Averett, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H, Bayly, Beale, Bell,Bocock, Bragg,
Breckinridge, George H. Brown, Burrows, Caskie, Chas-
tam, Clark, Chngman, Colcock, Conger,Dockery, Duncan,
Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Ham-
ilton, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Hebard, Hibbard, Holiaday,
Horstord, Thos. Y. How, Jackson, Jenkins, Ptepton King,
Landry, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, McQueen,
Millson, Morehead, Orr, Outlaw, Peahloe, Boss, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Onsen S. Seymour, Snow, Strother,
Wallace, Washburn, Welch, Wildnck, and Woodwaid—-
57.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, Allison, Rabcock, Bartlett, Bissell, Biiggs, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell, Cleve-
land, Cobb, Oottman, Cuilom, Curtis, Geo T. Davi^, John
G. Davi«, Dawson, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Ewing,
Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowlei, Gamble, Gajlord,
Gentry, Giddings, Goodnch, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow,
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Hascall, Henn, Houston, John
W. Howe, Ingersoll, Jve>>, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jone^, Kuifz, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Rdward C.
Marshall, Ma<on, McCoikle, McMulhn, McNair, Miller,
Miner, Molony, Heniy D.Moore, John Mooie, Newton,
Oldb, Sarn'i W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps,
Polk, Poiter. Richardson, Riddle, Robbing Robinson,
Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Taylor, Geo. W. Thompson,
Thmston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward,
Watkins, Addison White, Alexander While,Williams, and
Yates—112.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that the House ad-
journ, and on that motion he asked for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Barrere, Beale,
Bell, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Brooks, George H.
Brown, Buell, Burrows, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Col-
cock, Conger, Geoige T. Davis, Dockery, Duncan, Ed-
mundson. Evans, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gentry, Goodrich, Grey, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G. Har-
ris, Samps >n W. Hams, Hebard, Holiaday, Thomas Y.
How, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Preston Kiitfs, Landry,
Letcher, Mann, Mason, Mc&ueen, Meaeham, Miller, Mill-
son, Miner, Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Outlaw, Riddle, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Abr'm P. Stevens, Taylor, Tuck, Wal-
lace, Walsh, Washburn, Welch, Alexander White, Wil-
dnck, Williams, and Woodward—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Wilhs
Allen, John Appleton, Babcock,ThomasH. Bayly, Bartlett,
Resell, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Church-
well, Cleveland, Cobi), Cottman, Cuilom, Curtis, John G.
Davi«, Dawson, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Ewing,
Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Gaylord, Giddmgs, Gor-
man, Green, Grow, Hall, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hous-
ton, John W. Howe, Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kurtz,
Lockhart, Mace, Edward C. Marshall, McCorkle, McMul-
lin, McNair, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Newton, Olds,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Phelps,
Polk, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Sackett, Savage,
Schoolcraft, Skelton, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Stone,
St. Martin, Stratton, George W. Thompson, Thurston,
Townshend, Walbridge, Ward, Watkins, Addison White,
and Yates—86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question now bein^ upon the adoption of
the amendment as amended—-
Mr. MOREHAED called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order forme to ask to
be excused from voting and to assign my rea-
sons ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, under an
express rule of the House. It used to be in order,
but it is not now.
Mr. STANLY. What is the rule?
The SPEAKER. The rule was repealed or
changed. But even were that not the case, the
Chair thinks it would scarcely be in order now,
the previous question being in operation.
Mr. STANLY. I merely want to assign my
reasons, that my constituents may know them.
The SPEAKER, If the gentleman desires it,
the Chair will turn to the rule.
Mr, STANLY. Oh, no; I do not doubt that it
is so.
