2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
san, if I had any feelings of that sort, I would
vote for giving it; because when you show the
greater amount of money which General Scott has
received over General Pierce for his services, you
will show at the same time the magnitude of those
services for which the money has been paid, and
you will lead the people to inquire, from which
no evil can result. And if any money has been
paid improperly, there wiil be another deduction
which the people wiil make from the inquiry.
They will ask which political party in this coun-
try paid the money; who was in authority when
the money was improperly paid, if any has been
so paid; and my word for it, it will fall upon the
skirts of the party to which the gentleman belongs
who introduced the resolution. If there be any
fault—which I do not charge—it will show that
the party which does such things is not fit to be
intrusted with power,
Mr. WELLER. Then let us all go for the res-
olution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have said that I in-
tend to go for it, because it came from the oppo-
site party, while I regret that we should make our
contest at the polls now turn upon the question,
which of the candidates has received most money
from the Treasury of the United States.
Sir, there is some tendency in the public mind,
and I regret it very much, to speak of distin-
guished gentlemen who have been long in the
public service, as (i old fogies," and to say to
them, " you have had money enough, and it is
time for you to give way, and let younger men
come in and participate in the spoils." In this
way, our contests are to be determined by the
amount of money received, as though intelligence
and capacity to serve the country was of less con-
sequence. Sir, I repudiate everything of that
sort. I regret it deeply that the resolution has
been offered, but since it comes from the quarter
from which it does .come, I am willing to gratify
my friends upon the other side.
Mr. ADAMS. As I shall vote differently from
any of my political friends, I wish to state the
reasons for my vote. I condemned in 1848 the
course pursued by the opposite party in relation to
a similar resolution. If I was right in condem-
ning it then, I will not turn round and commit the
same wrong now. If it was wrong in that party,
as I then believed and still believe, to place a politi-
cal election on a purely personal feeling, I do not
intend to take a contrary course of action now.
Again, I do not think that the Democratic cause
requires any extraneous influence of this kind,
apart from the intrinsic purity and value of its
principles; therefore, relying on the intelligence of
the people to carry out those principles, which I
believe to be best adapted to the interests of the
country, I will not be concerned in the introduc-
tion of any mere personal feeling into the contest.
I never did, and I trust I never shall do anything
of the kind. When the party selects an organ, it
is immaterial to me whether that organ is worthy
or unworthy. It is not by any question of that
kind that I am guided. I look solely to the prin-
ciples of the party with which I act, and if I
ceased to have confidence in the principles of the
Democracy, I should cease to act with them. For
these reasons, I feel constrained to vote against the
resolution.
Mr. WELLER. It is somewhat surprising
that the argument used by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] relative to the resolution
of 1848, did not suggest itself to his mind then.
I should like to know if that Senator was here in
1848, and if he voted for the resolution calling for
information as to the amount of public money re-
ceived bythevSenatorfrom Michigan, [Mr.Cass?]
Mr. PEARCE. With thp permission of the
Senator from California, [Mr. Weller,] I will
state that the resolution which constitutes the
precedent that Senators now propose to follow,
was not passed by the Senate. It emanated from
the House of Representatives. I hope we will
not set the example of offering such a resolution
in this body now.
Mr. WELLER. I believe that a resolution of
this character was passed in 1832, and I am sure
that such a resolution was passed in 1828, calling
for the amount of money received by J. Q,. Adams,
who was then the candidate for the presidential
clmir.
Now, this information may be useful to the
people. Both these gentlemen are candidates for
the highest office within their gift. The people
are called on to decide the contest between them,
and it may be of some importance for them to
know the amount of public money which they
received during a long series of years. The peo-
ple are entitled to the information. Itcan produce
no harm. We are not responsible for the use
made of it. If it is used for the purpose of ascer-
taining the character of the respective candidates,
you and I are not responsible. It is a sort of in-
formation which the people are entitled to if they
desire it. It is their money which has Been ex-
pended,and they have a right to know the amount
that has been paid. I shall therefore vote for the
resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to say that I had
no recollection of the resolution of 1848; and as the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] says the
resolution was passed in the House of Represent-
atives, of course I had nothing to do with it.
Mr. BRADBURY. The amendment, as it will
be seen, is not only unnecessary, but its adoption
may render an answer to the resolution impossi-
ble during the present session. It requires that
the President shall state the exact date of the en-
trance of the two distinguished individuals re-
ferred to, into the public service. That request is
unnecessary because the information is already in
the possession of everyone. Again,itasksforin-
formation whether they entered the public service
as graduates of the Military Academy at West
Point, and the cost of a course of instruction in
that institution. Now, I understand that neither
of these distinguished individuals graduated there;
certainly General Pierce did not.
Mr. CASS. Neither did General Scott do so.
Mr. BRADBURY. Neither did General Scott,
as the distinguished Senator from Michigan re-
marks.
But this clause of the amendment asks not mere-
ly whether they graduated at WestPoint, but also
what is the cost of a course of instruction there,
not as applicable to them, but generally.
As neither ever entered or graduated there, the
query is not only not pertinent, but would render
much delay necessary in an attempt to obtain this
general informatian.
The amendment also calls upon the President to
inform theSenate for what diseases medical attend-
ance may have been required, and how often. It
is perfectly obvious that the only effect—I will not
say purpose—of this portion of the amendment
could be to embarrass and delay an answer to the
resolution.
The President is alsocalled upon to state wheth-
er General Scott or General Pierce has rendered
any service to the country in any other than a
military capacity. I would like to know how the
President can be in possession of any information
on that subject which may not be equally in the
possession of every member of the Senate and the
public generally? It is obvious that the effect of
the amendment would not be that which was sup-
posed by theSenatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
when he made the remark which fell from him,
and I think that its adoption would possibly pre-
vent a seasonable answer to the resolution. If the
Senator from Tennessee desires to have a resolu-
tion adopted of the character which he proposes,
by the amendment, let him presentit by itself, and
I will not vote against it. If he wants the inqui-
ries made which he proposes, let him take the re-
sponsibility of proposing it, and not attempt to
fix the responsibility upon another quarter, by
making an amendment to the resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. President, we have not only a precedent for
this resolution, but there was something in the re-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. U>r-
derwood] which makes it imperiously necessary
that it should be adopted. The honorable Sena-
tor would seem to be possessed of some inform-
ation which warranted him in predicting that " if
any money had been improperly received," the
responsibility would fall upon a Democratic Ad-
ministration. I do not know what information
that distinguished Senator has, upon which he
bases the prediction, that if money has been im-
properly received, the responsibility of passing it
| must fall upon a Democratic Administration. I
! venture to say that the people of this country pos-
; sess too much candorand fairness to condemn any
! one for the receipt of money in a proper manner.
I If money has been received for long and distin-
guished services, it will be no matter of reproach
against any individual to have so received it. If,
however, there has been a looseness in regard to
its receipt, if there has been any conduct which
goes to show that money has been, in the language
of the Senator from Kentucky, " improperly re-
ceivedthere might be some degree of responsi-
bility attached to it. I think, that after the re-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky, it becomes
important that the truth of history should be vin-
dicated, and that if any money has been improp-
erly received, the responsibility should be fastened
where it belongs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not admit that I
had any knowledge of an improper payment.
Far from it. I made no assumption that I had
any. such knowledge. I did not intend to com-
municate any such idea. I said conditionally, if
such a thing existed, then, from the length of time
the Senator's party has been in power, the prob-
ability is that it would fall on his side of the Ad-
ministration, to show the payment. That is what
I said; not assuming that any such thing existed.
1 hope no such thing does exist; and if, as I hope
and trust, it does not, then it will follow, as I said,
that all the money which has been paid to Gen-
eral Scott has been properly paid, and it will only
show the magnitude and importance of his ser-
vices, and make the contrast the wider.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I used the
same language which was employed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood. 1 He
ventured to predict that " if any money had been
improperly paid," the responsibility would fall
upon a particular Administration. Now, all we
desire is to let the facts come out precisely as
they are; for we know that, at the present time,
w-3 need at the head of affairs a man who will
stand firm, and repress the tendency to extrava-
gance and profligacy which is now found to exist.
If, then, there is no objection to the resolution,
and all desire to have the facts come out, I trust
the honorable Senator who has offered the amend-
ment will withdraw it, and allow us to pass the
resolution at once. He can then offer his amend-
ment as an independent resolution—as he may
without notice; for, I venture to say, no one will
object to it as such—and himself take the respon-
sibility of his own call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should certainly
be very much inclined to conform to the wishes
of the Senator from Maine, if I could see any pro-
priety in doing so.
Now, one word of reply to my honorable friend
from Illinois. If he meant, by any insinuation,
that I was opposed to the introduction of this res-
olution, or that I am disposed to evade it, he mis-
apprehends rne. I shall vote for it, if it is amended
as I propose; and I shall not evade any investiga-
tion. I had no part or lot, however, m the reso-
lution to which he referred as having been passed
in 1848; fori was not here. If I had been here
it is probable I should have voted for it, as I shall
vote for this. I do not think I shall ever hesitate
to vote for any investigation that may be desired
in regard to any public servant in this Govern-
ment, I do not care who he is, whether Whig or
Democrat. If any man desires to investigate the
character and conduct of any public servant, I
shall vote for it at all times. I shall vote for this
resolution, if it is put in a fair form.
But the Senator from Maine says he cannot see
why I should present this as an amendment to the
original resolution; but, that if I will offer it as a
separate proposition, he will vote for it. He says
there is nothing in the first inquiry, about the ed-
ucation at West Point. Well, if there is nothing
in it, it can be very readily answered. If there is
nothing in it, it will take no time to answer it, and
will not delay the answer to the resolution itself.
And when he comes to the second proposition,he
says that will simply delay the answer. Now, Mr.
President, I presume that our friends on the other
side of this Chamber mean to act fairly about this
matter. I have never made a presidential speech
here, and hope I never shall. I have not a word
to say about these things here. Here is a propo-
sition by which the Senators on the other side pro-
pose to inquire into the amount of public money
paid to General Scott and General Pierce. That
is fair and legitimate; and is it not equally fair and
legitimate, and does not common justice demand
that the services for which that money was paid
should go to the country with it? Who knows,
