1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
The question was now put, and the result was
'—yeas 108, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS — Mc*«?ra. Abercrombie, Charles Alien, Willis Al-
len, Allison, Babcock, David J. Bailev, Bartlott, Bissell,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busbv, Joseph
Cable, Thomp-on Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman,
Ohurehvveii, Cleveland, Cobb. Cottman, Curtis, G^-oiae T.
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Doty, Durkee,
Eastman, Ewmg, Fiekhn, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler,
Gamble, Gaylord, Gentiy, Giddings; Goodrich, Goiman,
Greeri, Oiey, Grow, {fall, Sampson W. Harris, Haseall,
Hendricks, Herm, Ilorsiord, Houston, Ingersoll, Ives, An-
drew Johnson, John Johnson, Jtobert W. Johnson, Darnel
T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones, Kuitz, Lockart, Mace, Mann,
Edwaid C Marshall, McMullm, McNau, Meacham. Mil-
ler, Molony, Elemy D. Moore, John Moore, Newton,'Olds,
Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Pennunun, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
Richardson, Riddle, Robbms, Robinson, Sackett, Savage,
Schoolciaft. Skeiton, Smitn,Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton,
Geoige W. Thompson, Thiuslon, To\vnshend,Tuck. Wal-
bridge, Walsh, Ward, Watkins. Addison White, Alexander
White, Williams, and Yates—108.
NAYS—Messrs. William Aiken, John Appleton, Aver-
ett,Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bocock,'Bragg,
Breckinridge, Georjre II. Brown, Burrows, Ca^kie, Chas-
tam, Clark, Colcock, Conger, Dockery, Duncan, Edmund-
son, Evans, Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hamilton,
Harpet, rsliam G Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, John W.
Howe, Thomas Y. Plow, Jackson, Jenkins, Preston King,
Landry, Lctcher, Martin, Mason. McQueen, MilHou,
Morehead, Oir, Outlaw, Peaslee, Perkins., Powell, Ross,
Scurry, David L. Seymour, Onsen S. Seymour, Strother,
Taylor, Wallace, Washburn, Welch, Wildrick,and Wood-
ward—57.
So the amendment as amended was adopted.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the vote just
taken, by which the amendment as amended was
adopted, be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
The question was taken,and the House refused 1
to adjourn—ayes 71, noes 90. !
Mr. EVANS. I call for the yeas and nays !
upon the motion to adjourn. i
[Cries of " Too late!"] i
Mr. EVANS. Very well, then; I will call for
the yeas and nays on the final passage of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it
was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, be reconsidered; and
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask that the
bill may be read through.
The bill was then read through.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. EVANS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to call the attention of.
the Chair to the forty-second rule. I apologize i
to the House for troubling it again, after what
occurred in the committee. However, 1 do not ;
desire to go into that matter. I call the attention !
of the House to the forty-second rule, and submit i
if I have not a right to assign a special reason for !
asking to be excused from voting? ;
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from ^
North Carolina be good enough to read the rule? !
Mr. STANLY. Certainly, I will. Itisasfol-j
lows: " |
" Cverv member who shall be in the House when the .
question put, «hall give his vote, unless the Ffou^e, for '
special reasons, shall excuse him. All motions to excuse |
members from voting, shall be made before the House dt- 1
vid's«, or befoie the call of the yea1-* and nays is commenced; |
the question shall then be taken without further debate." ■
The SPEAKER. But the question is with re- J
gard to special reasons. I
Mr. STANLY. The note which is appended .
to the forty-second rule says: :
"That part of rule forty-second which allowed a brief ver- ;
bal statement of reasons to be given by any member for re-
qef-ting to be excu-ed from voting, rescinded January 2d, !
1845."—Jowinal House oj Reps., page 115.
There is some error here, for there is no such
thing upon that Journal, nor at that date. Now
I want to know, with all due respect to the Chair,
how it is that a member shall be excused from
voting for a special reason without having an op-
portunity to give that reason ?
The SPEAKER.. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman may state—but it must be a
mere statement—his special reason for wishing to
be excused from voting. Whatever may have
been the action of tins body in repealing the ori-
ginal rule upon the subject, the lule, taken as it
now stands, in the judgment of the Chair, gives
the gentleman from North Carolina a right to
state his special reason, but not to debate the sub-
ject at ail.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee- That note is cer-
tainly wrong. There was a provision in that rule
which authorized a member, when he asked to be
excused, briefly to state his reasons. That was
repealed by the House, but not in 1845. If I
mistake not it was during the Thirtieth Congress.
1 know that part was stricken out, and after that
a member could only ask to be excused, without
assigning any reason.
Mr. STANLY. That is no doubt true.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that under
the existing rule the gentleman from North Caro-
lina has the right to stare a special reason, or
special reasons, for asking the House to excuse
him. That is the construction given by the Chair
to the rule. The Chair does not remember what
the practice of the last Congress was, but he is
inclined to think the facts are as the gentleman
from Tennessee has stated them.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to give a special rea-
son for asking to be excused from voting. 1 will
merely say, in order that it may be understood by
my constituents, that I offered an amendment this
morning to this bill, as I thought m order, in com-
mittee, and it was ruled to be in order by thegen-
tleman who occupied the chair at that time. I
consulted him previously, and he decided it to be
in order. I was led into error by that decision—
no doubt unintentionally on the part of the Chair
—and was precluded from offering my amend-
ment. My purpose was to show my constituents
why it was the bill .was in such a form that I
could not vote for it. I desire further to say, that
it may go upon the Journal, that I shall vote
against the bill under the instructions of my own
constituents, and of the Whig State convention
which recently met in North Carolina, I could not
get an opportunity of saying this in committee,
or I should not have troubled the House now. I
would, if I had had a chance, have said a word to
compliment my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] but the committee refused me.
The SPEAKER. At the second session of the
Twenty-ninth Congress the amendment referred
to was made to the forty-second rule. It is, "that
' so much of the phraseology of the forty-second
i rule as permits any member requesting to be ex-
pensed from voting to make a brief verbal state-
{ ment of his reasons for making such request be,
' and the same is hereby, rescinded."
Mr. STANLY. I withdraw my request.
Mr. CLARK. Will it be in order for me to
give a reason for the vote I am about to give r
The SPEAKER. Not except by unanimous
qm n t
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. CLARK. Then I shall be compelled to
vote " aye." [Laughter.]
The question was then put, " Shalt the bill
pass?" and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
107, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aherciombie, Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, Allison, Babcock, Baitlett, Bissell, Briggs, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Bueli, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler. Chapman, Churciivveli, Clark,
Cleveland, Cobb. Cottman, Cullom. Cuius, George T. Da-
vis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dii>ney, Doty, Durkee, East-
man, Ewmg, Fiekhn, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Gam-
ble, Gaylord, Gentrv, Giddings, Goodrich, Gorman, Green,
Grey,Grow, Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Haseall, Hendricks,
Henn, Houston, lugerholl, Ives, Andiew Johnson, lohn
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kurtz,
Lockhart, Mace, Edward C. Marshall, McMullm, McNair,
Meacham, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Newton, Olds, Samuel W. Paikcr, Penn, Penniman, Per-
kins, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Richaidson, Riddle, Robbing
Robinson, Sackett. Savage, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour,
Skeiton, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Snatton,
George W. Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Wal-
bndge, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Addison White, Alexander
White, Williams, and Yales—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, John Appleton, Averett, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bocock, ;
Bragg, Breckiniidge, George H. Brown, Buirows, Caskic,
Chastain, Chngman, Colcock, Conger, Dockery, Duncan,
Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Ilam-
I ilton, Haiper, fsham G Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Hors-
! ford, John W. I-lowe, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Jenkins,
{ George G. King, Preston King, Letcher, Martin, Mason,
! McQueen, Miilson, Morehead, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Pow-
| ell, Ross, Scurry, Oriaen- S. Seymour, Stanly, Strother,
; Taylor, Wallace, Washburn, Welch, and Woodward—56.
i So the bill passed, (as published above,) being
I the amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, in
j lieu of the substitute of Mr. Brown, of Missis-
j sippi, adopted in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HAMILTON said: I am requested by my
i colleague [Mr. Hammond] to state that he is ab-
i sent from the House on account of sickness, other-
j wise he should have voted against the bill.
I Mr. DEAN, when his name was called, said:
! I ask to have it entered on the Journal, that I
have paired off with my colleague, [Mr. Suther-
land,] or I should have voted "aye."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
it a matter of record on the Journal.
Mr, DEAN. Then I will not vote.
Mr. McMULLTN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the title, which is as follows:
" A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
i United States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty acrcs
; of land out of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
j pancy and cultivation of the same, for the period herein
I specified"—
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move the
I previous question.
! The previous question received a'second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to offer an amendment
to the title.
The SPEAKER, No amendment is in order,
the main question having been ordered to be put.
The question was then put, and the title was
adopted.
Mr. McMULLTN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the title was agreed to, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow
morning at eight o'clock.
PETITIONS, See,
The following petitions, memorials, See., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of J. A. Potter and
369 others, citizens of the town of Derby, in the State of
Connecticut, praying for the enactment of a law granting
lands to actual settlers.
By Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee: The memorial of the
Mayor and Aldeimen of Memphis, praying the sui render of
the Arsenal property in Memphis, for the purpose of sus-
taininsan hospital.
By Mr. KURTZ: The petition of 176 citizens ofchecoun-
ty of York, State of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
grant 160 insteid of 40 acres of land to the soldiers who
served in the war of 1812, the Indian wars, and the other
wars of the Republic.
By Mr. St. MARTIN : The memorial of the clerks in the
New Orleans custom-house, praying for relief.
By Mr. JONES, of New York: The petition of Anna
McLean, of Niagara county, Ne.w York, for compensation
for money advanced by hei late husband, Lieutenant Charles
McLean, of the United States Army, in the recruiting ser-
vice.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: The memorial of
citizens of Troy, New York, praying for a modification of
the bounty land law, so that all persons, including seamen
and marine55, who served lor any period in the war of 3812,
may be allowed to receive one hundred and sixty acres of
land.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of Arigehque King,
sole surviving child of Pierre Lavasseur, (called Chamber-
lin,) claiming certain lots of land m Peoria, Illinois.
ByMr. HENN : The petition of Robert W. Steele,askmg
additional compensation as assistant marshal in taking the
Seventh Census in Jefferson county, Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 13, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. "WADE. I have in my hands, and desire
to present, the petition of Lockwood& Smith, who
represent themselves as owners of steamboats on
Lake Erie; and they set forth, among other things,
that the bill now pending- before this body to reg-
ulate steamboats, in order to provide for the better
