1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
valuable of what man lias ever achieved in quali-
fying; himself for self-government.
The Mosaic Republic—Rome and her Em-
pire—the transitory Commonweals of Italy and
Germany, which heralded the revival of learning—
all stand as beacon-lights to warn and instruct us.
All that is of value m the institutions of the Great
Alfred.or modern Britain is ours—improved, per-
fected, and divested of every element which can
interfere with, or enfeeble the sovereignty of the
people. We are, in truth, the residuary legatees
of all that the blood and treasure of mankind ex-
pended for four thousand years have accomplished
1*1 the cause of human freedom. In our hands
alone is the precious deposit. Before God and the
world, we are responsible for this legacy, Not for
our own benefit only, but for the benefit and hap-
piness of the whole family of man. "What course,
then, shall this Government take to perpetuate our
liberties and to diffuse our free institutions over
the world?
1st. We must guard our constitutional grant of
delegated power from infraction. We must abide
within the limits prescribed by the States to the
General Government. We must discreetly exer-
cise the powers actually granted, and abstain
from the exercise of all powers not granted.
2d. We must so direct the foreign affairs of this
Government, that the progress of liberty shall be
promoted and not retarded. This progress may
not be promoted by war except under peculiar
circumstances. Peace, as I said upon a former
occasion, is the tiue policy of this Republic,
<f Peace is the animating genius of our institu-
tions;" and, indeed, ought to be of those of all
nations.
But the whole world, wherever you look, with
the exception of a portion of this continent, being
under monarchial governments, 1 desire to know
how the oppressed and fettered nations of the
earth are to break their chains, and maintain
themselves against the armies of despotism, if the
law of nations reads that there shall be no inter-
vention in their behalf?
I cannot give my consent to any proclamation
of principles, which may be construed to abridge
the right and sacred duty which belongs to this
Government, to do whatever it may choose to do
in aid of any people who are striving to throw off
the yoke of despotism.
But, Mr. President, there are, in my judgment,
two extremes^ which should be avoided in the con-
duct of our foreign relations. 1st. We should
not recklessly interfere with the affairs of foreign
nations. We should count the cost, weigh well
the duty and necessity, and be sure that our ob-
jects are practicable and attainable, consistent with
the principles of our Government and promotive
of human liberty and happiness. Washington,
and the master spirits of that age of great men,
knew well, that in the infancy of this Government,
we were not able to cope with the European bel-
ligerents who had given us such just cause of
offence. But he foresaw the period when this Re-
public would be able, not only to protect itself, but
to stand forth as one of the greatest Powers of the
earth. He foresaw, likewise, that our mission
was not compatible with any entangling alliances
with other nations. He therefore admonished
us to avoid all such connection. Notwithstand-
ing, sir, the able and ingenious manner in which
the invitation has been given, that we should en-
tangle ourselves in a coalition with Great Britain
to dictate this new law of non-intervention to all
nations, I am, so far as it respects this overture,
for abiding by the advice of Washington—I want
no entangling alliances.
2d, The other extreme which we should avoid,
and into which so many are desious that we should
rush headlong, without a glance to the future, is,
that forgetting all our obligations and duties to the
cause of humanity, and to the principles of uni-
versal freedom, we should, from unworthy feara
or false conservatism, hastily decide that we have
no concern in the condition of the world beyond
our own boundaries ; and precipitately resolve,
that in no event and under no circumstances shall
we interfere in behalf of oppressed nations.
I cannot consent to yield and abandon this natu-
ral right, which all nations from time immemorial
have exercised. Sir, I say that intervention, not
for the purpose of helping an odious tyrant to put
down liberty—because that is against the laws of
God and man—but in behalf of " an oppressed
people who implore assistance," is not only in
conformity with the universal practice of nations,
but it is sustained and inculcated by the best
authorities on public taw.
Vattel says:
" But if the prince attacking the fundamental laws, gives
his subjects a legal right to resist him—if tyranny becoming
insupportable, oblige:- the nation to rise in their defence,
every foreign powet has a right to succor an oppressed peo-
ple who implore their assistance.
Again, the same author says;
" For when a people from good reasons take up arms
against an oppressor, justice and generosity require that
brave men should be assisted in defence of their liberties.
Whenever, therefore, a civil war is kindled in a Stale, for-
eign powers may assist that party which appears to them to
have justice on its side. He who assists an odious tyrant—
he who declares for an unjust and rebellious people, offends
against his duty."
So much for the law; now as to the practice.
Mr. Wheaton says, in his history of the "Mod-
ern Law of Nations:"
"The first war of the French Revolution originated in
the application, by the allied Powers, of the principle of
armed mteivenuon to the internal affairs of France, lor the
purpose of checking the progress of her revolutionary prin-
ciples and the extension of her military power. That this
was. the avowed motive of the Powers allied in the Conti-
nental war of 1792 will be apparent from the examination
ol historical documents."
He says again: *
"That the measures adopted by Austria, Russia, and
Prussia, at tiie Congress of Troppau and of La) bach, in
respect to the Neapolitan levolution of 1820, were founded
on principles adapted to give the great Powers of the Euro-
pean continent a perpetual pretext loi interfering in the
internal concerns of it** dilieientfSutes."
Mr. Wheaton, speaking of that period of time
between the peace of Westphalia (1648) and that
of Utrecht, of 1713, says:
" Whatever disputes might arise as to its [intervention]
application, the principle itself was acknowledged on all
hands."
Sir, I well know that the opponents of interven-
tion are in the habit of relying on isolated pas-
sages from writers on the law of nations in sup-
port of this doctrine. But it will be found, on a
thorough examination of those writers, that all
they mean to say is, that no nation lias a right
to interfere with the domestic concerns or the mu-
nicipal institutions of foreign countries, or to stir
up to rebellion their citizens or subjects. But they
all agree to the right to intervene when a people
have actually risen and are striving to throw off
intolerable oppression.
It is my deliberate opinion, sir, that we not only
have the right, but that it would be our duty, un-
der some circumstances, in our own good time,
wh^nAhe occasion is roper, and it may be prac-
tical^, to assist any people who rise to achieve
their liberties and to establish a republican govern-
ment. Sir, it has been practiced by all nations I
from time immemorial; and all the paper promul- '
gations which will ever be made will never stop
this practice among nations. The only way in
which it can be arrested, is by appealing to their
interest and safety—by boldly declaring that we
will interfere whenever it suits us. Sir, what law
will they or do they consult except the law of
their own will? You cannot chain up the great
Powers of the earth by paper declarations of the
law of nations. The law of nations in modem
times, as well as of old, is the law of the strongest.
This we experienced to our loss and sorrow for
many years, during which our commerce was |
plundered by Great Britain and Fiance, and for '
which redress has been vainly sought up to this :
time by our suffering fellow-citizens. |
It is true, indeed, that nations have generally :
exercised this right for the purposes of oppression ;
and injustice, and in hostility to the rights of man- <
kind. But a better time is coming, the time when !
the United States may interpose against the op-j
pressor and in favor of the oppressed. (
Therefore, I am unwilling, after tyranny has so i
long had sway, and lorded it over the destinies of'
mankind, now to avow a principle which leaves to ,
its tender mercies the happiness of the whole hu-'
man race.
Sir, an avowal by us of the principle of non-
intervention would raise a wall up, around this
Republic, as high as heaven, and would shut in
the hghtof liberty from surroundingnations. The
avowal of such a principle at this time would be
received with one universal shout of joy by all
the potentates of Europe, and with one universal
wail of lamentation and woe by all true lovers of
freedom on earth. I am unwilling to gratify the
s of the world by any such proclamation,
j What hope would remain to the oppressed after
'] such ct declaration? The radiant light which, ema-
nating from this Republic, has so long cheered
and animated their hearts would shine no longer
—all would look black and cheerless, andlRspair
would settle darkly on their prospects.
Besides, would not the establishment of the
principle of non-interventionas the law of nations,
be in direct opposition to the principles declared
by Mr. Monroe in relation to this continent ?
Does any one doubt, that if this country felt itself
bound, under no circumstances and at no time, to
interfere with the affairs of Europe* that before
many years monarchical governments would bfe
established in the whole Southern portion of this
( continent? Does any one doubt that, before many
years, the Island of Cuba would be a dependency
| of Great Britain ? It does, then, seem to me pal-
pable that while peace is the policy of this coun-
try, and while we should always bear in mind
the admonition of Washington against entangling
alliances, that it would be suicidal to the honor, to
the interests and prospective power of this Go-
vernment, if the United States should incur* any
obligation by which they would forever be forbid-
den from interfering in the affairs of other nations
whenever circumstances in any case might render
it necessary, just, and expedient. Therefore it
seems to me that this principle of non-intervention
would be in direct violation of all the rights and
duties of a free and independent republic
Now, sir, in the practical application of these
principles to the important topic of the day, I will
take hold of that idea which others seem to have
handled with such significant delicacy. I am not
afraid to express my opinions on this subject, or,
indeed, on any other, although the press (which,
God knows, is brave enough) seems to shrink from
touching it; and I say, for one, that I am not pre-
pared to go to war with Russia on account of
Hungary, partly because Russia is our old, and
true, and faithful friend, and partly because Hun-
garian liberty, through the instrumentality of the
United States, is at present an idea Utopean and
impracticable. This proposition is selt-evidentj
and requires no demonstration; it is an impossible
thing, and what is impossible can't happen,
never come to pass. But, Mr. President, though
I am not prepared, nor willing to go to war with
Russia, or to disturb the present state of things in
Hungary, about which we have so little satisfac-
tory information, I will once more repeat, and de-
clare it in the face of the world, as my opinion,
that this Government has an indisputable and per-
fect right to interfere whenever, by such interfer-
ence, she can promote her own interests and
advance the cause of liberty—whenever, by such
interference, she may successfully rescue from the
grasp of tyranny an oppressed nation, whom she
may see fit to assist and to place among the inde-
pendent nations of the world. This is a principle
which we cannot, we dare not, we never will re-
linquish. Itis an inherent principle of nationality,
under no pretence whatever to be surrendered.
Sir, if tyrants have used it heretofore to en-
thrall mankind, this growing Republic will some
of these days use it for their freedom. In peace
let it be maintained with unfaltering tenacity; in
war let it be asserted by all the power of arms;
and when the great contest begins, as before 1900
it must, between free principles and the right of
self government and despotic power, then let it be
inscribed upon all our banners—everywhere—
; wherever they float, on every sea, and land, and
i ocean and continent, where the warfare rages,
j let it herald the advent of freedom and national in-
; dependence, and the discomfiture of tyranny and
oppression.
I move that the resolution be laid upon the table
and printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. I have also received a copy of
the resolutions just presented by my colleague; but
as the subject-matter to which they relate is now
hefore the Senate, in the resolutions presented by
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Clarke,] I
will not, at this time, during the morning hour tres-
pass upon the Senate with any remarks of mine,
but will at an early day take occasion to' respond
to these resolutions, and express my views fully
upon the important matter there embraced.
And although I do not acknowledge the doc-
trine of instruction in any pf its forms, yet the ex-
pressed opinion of the Legislature of New Jersey
