1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
do you, sir, with all your public services here,
what orders were issued to General Scott or to
Genera! Pierce, and what particular services were
required at their hands? And when we find an
amount of money paid to General Scott, is it not
fair and honest tliat we should know for what pur-
pose it was paid? Tt is astonishing that my friend
from Maine can hesitate for a single moment. If
he desires a full investigation of all the facts, which
I presume he does, and which 1 presume all do,
there is nothing incompatible in my amendment
with the original proposition. It simply requires
the President, while furnishing this account cur-
rent of money received by Winfield Scott, to fur-
nish, at the same time, the services and the objects
for which the money was appropriated. That is
all; and if the amendment is adopted, I shall vote
for the resolution cheerfully, whether it has a pre-
cedent or not.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the honorable Senator
will limit his amendment to the terms employed in
his closing remarks, I will not object to it. He
says the only object of the amendment is to call for
the services that have been rendered, and the ob-
jects for which the money has been paid. If he
so modifies the amendment, I shall not object to it.
Mr. JONES. I intend to be as accommodating
to my Democratic friends as I can. I will there-
fore strike out the first proposition in the amend-
ment. I think it is pertinent, and I should like to
have the information; but in order that there may
be no caviling, I will strike that out with the per-
mission of the Senate, and then let the vote be
taken on the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose the Senator from
Tennessee meant to strike out all of the first prop-
osition in his amendment, leaving only the addi-
tional resolution. Iwould be willing to go for that.
Mr. JONES. I simply mean to strike out that
portion of the amendment which relates to West
Point.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I shall vote against the
amendment, the first and every part of it. I shall
vote against it, particularly the medical clause, be-
cause it will be absolutely impossible to ascertain
the information for which it calls. A surgeon of
the United States Army is not paid for particular
cases. He receives his pajr like an officer of the
Army. His compensation is absolute, and it does
not depend at all on the amount of service ren-
dered. There is no means of ascertaining what
is the value of the medical service rendered to a
general officer or to a private. It is absolutely
impossible. Theamendment amounts to nothing.
It is immaterial. I shall vote against the whole
of it. I think the matter very unimportant any
way. I do not care one straw what amount of
money General Scott may have received from the
General Government. I am very sure he has
never received anything but what he was entitled
to, and I believe that he has never received half as
much as he deserved.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For the benefit of
my friend from Alabama, I will tell him why I
put the clause in relation to medical service in the
amendment. It is in the original resolution in
part. Medical attendance is specified. They
propose to investigate that. The mover of the
resolution inserted it himself; and it being so, it is
fair and legitimate to know for what particular
medical service the payment was made. I have
no disguise in this matter. I mean, if General
Scott is to be arraigned—I do not know that that
is the purpose—but if he is to be arraigned for
having money expended for him in the medical
department of the Army, I want to know what it
was expended for—I want it known that he had
been wounded, and had suffered a long time, and
that that medical bill was for that particular ser-
vice. That is what I mean, frankly and honestly,
for I have no concealment about the matter.
Mr. MERIWETHER. I will strike out the
portion of the original resolution relating to medi-
cal attendance, to meet the wishes of the Sen-
ator.
Mr. JONES. I would rather have it in.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the Senator from Kentucky can mod-
ify his resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
The PRESIDENT. Then it cannot be modi-
fied. The only way to reach it will be by moving
to amend the resolution, by striking out that por-
tion of it, after the amendment which is now pend-
ing has been voted upon.
Mr. SOULE. I regret, Mr. President, what
has taken place here this morning, though I hope
it may teach a lesson, not only to this high and
august body, but to the country at large. We
have before us an instance of the danger of es-
tablishing precedents on light and transitory con-
siderations. In the ardor and excitement which
a feverish canvass is but too apt to produce, we
suffer ourselves, at times, to be carried away by
that frenzy of party spirit which so little behooves
serious, deliberative bodies, as should be the two
branches of the National Legislature. We look
solely to the immediate advantages which we ex-
pect to derive from those measures which we
advocate and press, on the spur of such ardor and
excitement, unmindful of those contingencies of
the future, which, soon or late, force us to rue the
hour when they entered our minds, and prompted
to action our wills.
At a period not far remote from us—at least not
far enough remote to be forgotten—a most distin-
guished colleague of ours, high then, as he is
now, and will ever be, in the estimation of this
body, and high in the respect, confidence, and
affections of the people who know him through
that long race of service which he has so glo-
riously run, was made the subject of a searching
inquiry, elicited by a resolution passed in the
other House. I am yet to learn that the great
Whig party, with the high-souled men that then
belonged to it, and who are still now its main
champions, ever entered a protest against this
tardily-discovered abuse of the legislative fran-
chise. No, sir; that party, and the men of that
party, suffered the search to take its course, and
to bring forth its results; and comments most un-
generous and unjust were made upon those results,
and spread like wild-fire throughout the whole
country, without a hand being then extended by
those who seem most opposed to the movement
made this day in the Senate, to stop its progress ]
and mitigate the poison which it was instilling
into the public breast.
Who, amongst the promoters of that measure,
then suspected that it might ever breed the conse-
quences which it now bears? There it stands,
however, a dismal precedent recoiling upon its
progenitors ! And it is in the power of no one to
blot it out, either from our memories or from that
inexorable recipient of past events, history. There
it is, sticking to the recollections of the whole na-
tion, and prompting everywhere a wish that it may
be visited back upon those with whom it ori-
ginated. And, sir, we could hardly now refuse
our sanction to its being reproduced, without
seeming to be recreant to what we owe to the peo-
ple. I am not of those who would willingly bow
before their whims and caprices; and had the reso-
lution, before us, been introduced with the name
of the highly distinguished individual who now
heads the Whig ticket alone, I should unhesi-
tatingly have voted against it. Coming as it
does, coupling that name with the name of that
other distinguished individual who heads the Dem-
ocratic ticket, I might still hesitate and doubt
as to the course it suits me to pursue. But
from the moment that it is being provided with
the escort of the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, all scruples
desert me, and I no longer hesitate to give my
vote in favor both of the resolution and the amend-
ment. From the turn which the presidential can-
vass seems inclined to take, a negative vote would
infallibly be construed as implying an apprehen-
sion which I am far, very far,indeed, from enter-
taining. For if I know anything of the human
heart, and of the motives and influences that
prompt it to action; if 1 can read out a man's mind
and character from the manifestations through
which he communes with the outer world; if there
is any virtue in the warrants of past life, any truth
in the unguarded outpourings of the soul, that man
of ours, whose name adorns our banner, can bear
the most rigid scrutiny, and bear it well too.
Mr. STOCKTON. This is not the first occa-
sion, Mr. President, that 1 have had the misfor-
tune to differ from views expressed by my political
friends. It has always been a source of some
regret to do so—it is especially grievous to me to-
day. I find myself compelled to dissent from the
course which my distinguished friend from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Sotjle] has indicated, that his duty
constrains him to take. I have some relief, how-
ever, from this embarrassment, in the pursuasion
that his own sentiments of personal honor and
patriotism, as far as they are connected with this
subject, do not differ materially from mine. If
they did, I should certainly distrust my own in-
stincts and judgment—so far at least as to remain
silent. But supposing that my honorable friend
in following the example of others, has mistaken
his true position, and placed the defense of his
vote on political and party grounds alone—and
believing likewise that others of my honorable
friends here have taken the same erroneous view
of this subject, and have looked upon it only in
one aspect—I shall venture, even though I have
alieady heard from them a general expression of
opinion in favor of the resolution, to make an ap-
peal to both sides of this Chamber, to uphold the
dignity of the Senate, and to lay both the resolu-
tion and the amendment upon the table.
Sir, gentlemen have discoursed upon this subject
as if they had no other obligations in the world
except those which are due as party men to Gen-
eral Scott and Mr. Pierce, or to their respective
political parties.
Now, sir, permit me to say, that I stand here
this morning as a Senator of the United States, and
not merely as a politician, and that while I bear in
remembrance the long line of grave, dignified, and
distinguished men and patriots, who have served
their country in this Senate before me, I cannot
consent to act or vote upon any measure arising in
this body solely on party grounds, or upon any
such principles as those assumed by some of my
distinguished friends upon this occasion. I have,
as a Senator, nothing to do with the party interests
or affinities of General Scott or General Pierce in
the discussion of this question. I care but little
about either one or the other in comparison with
my duty to the Senate and the country. In this
matter I care nothing about party politics. Mr.
President, upon another occasion, and in another
place, I said that my party robes hung loosely
upon my shoulders whenever the honor, the in-
terest, and the welfareof inycountry were at stake;
and now, sir, here before this Senate and before
the people, I say that my party robes will hang
loosely upon my shoulders whenever the honor,
the dignity, and the usefulness of this august body,
in my judgment, may depend upon any vote of
mine.
Sir, is this the arena to discourse on the subject
of party politics, or to indulge in personal commen-
dation, or vindictive aspersion ? I say no. Party
politics is a business that our constituents never ex-
pected or desired us to waste their time upon here.
It is a small business which the Democratic party
do not expect or wish us to meddle with; and if I
have not wrongly estimated their virtue and wis-
dom and patriotism, they would prefer that we
should lay the resolution and the amendment upon
the table rather than that we should do anything
to impair public confidence in the exalted reputa-
tion and dignity of this body. But it is said that
there is a Whig precedent for this resolution.
Then let us put the brand of Democratic disap-
probation upon it. I move that the whole subject
be laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to say a word ? It will be very
short, and I will renew the motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; I cannot withdraw
the motion.
Mr. BRADBURY and Mr. MERIWETHER
asked for the yeas and nays on the motion; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 23; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Brooke, Butler,
Chase, Davis, De Saussure, Foot, Geyer, Hunter, James,
Matlory, Pearce, Smith, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood,
Upfoam, ami Wade—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Charlton. Clemens, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fetch, Tfamlm, Jones of Tennes-
see, Meriwether, Norns, Sebastian, Seward, Sonte, Spru-
ance, Touecy, Walker, and Wetter—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to say, that the
vote which I gave in favor of laying the resolution
upon the table was to meet what I consider a
noble avowal on the other side of the Chamber. I
stated in the outset that I deprecated this course
very much; but the Senators on the opposite side
who favor this proposition leave me no alterna-
