2-216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August
14,
tive. If I vote against it, it is as much as to say ;
I am afraid something would be disclosed against,
that candidate for the Presidency whom I intend '
to sustain, which would be degrading and dis- '
graceful to him. I believe nothing of the sort can i
be disclosed; and therefore when you put the j
question on adopting the resolution, I am com-i
pelled to vote in the affirmative. :
I rise to make these remarks to show the con- [
sistency, as I think, of the attitude which I occupy !
in having voted to lay the resolution on the table, ;
while I shall now vote for the resolution itself; !
and if the Senator from New Jersey had given me j
the floor when I requested it, it would have been j
for the purpose of complimenting him for the noble |
sentiments which he avowed, and in endeavoring !
by that mode to get clear of a subject, the intro- j
duction of which into the Senate of the United '
States I deprecate. But it being here, and coming ;
from political adversaries, I feel bound to open
every channel of investigation to them which they i
may think proper to demand. !
Mr. BORLAND. I would have no objection
to the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee, 1
if it were introduced as a separate proposition. 1 1
believe, however, that if it he attached to the ori- ;
ginal revolution, the delay in answering it will be j
so great, that the information desired will nor be
obtained in time. I shall, therefore, vote against
it as an amendment; but, if the Senator will bring j
it forward as a separate proposition, I will most ,
cheerfully vote for it. |
The question being taken by yeas and navs on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as
follows: j
YICAS - Adam?. I cll, Brooke, Cutler, Cha-lton, j
Davis, Do Sau«sure. Douglas Foot, Goycr, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Reward, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Underwood, Up-
man,and Wade—lb. |
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Dsadimtv, ;
Bnght, Ca>s, Clemen-, Dodge of iVi-con^ui, Dodye ol'l
Iowa, Down*, Felch, Hamlin, Menwethcr, Noru\, Sebas-
tian, Stockton, Toucoy, Walker, and Wellet — L'J.
So the amendment, was rejected, and the ques- ,
tion recurred on the resolution.
Mr. STOCKTON asked for the yeas and nays; !
and they were oidered; and, being taken, resulted j
—yeas 26, nays 11; as follows:
YKAS—Mi-sms, Atchison, Bud^ei, Borland, Biadbury, 1
Blight, Cast, Chailton, Clemen*., Dodge of Wwoii- '
sin, Dodge of Iowa. Douglas, Downs, Veleb, flamlui,
Jones of Tennessee, Meriwether, Norris, Sebastian, Sew-
nid, Soiilo, Spmanee, Toueey, Underwood, Wndo, Walk- 1
cr, and Weliei—12(3. j
NAYS—Mes-rs. Adam-, Bayaid, Biookc, Davjs, De
Sau^iire, Foot, Geyer, £nuth, Stockton, Sumner, and 1
Hpham— Jl. 1
So the resolution was adopted. :
THE FISHERIES QUESTION.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the President's messaso, con-
cerning the North American fisheries, the pending
question being on the motion to refer it to the ■
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD rose and addressed the Senate
at great length. [For speech see Appendix.]
Mr. SOIJL15 lose to reply, hut pvive way 10
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will moveth.it the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CASS. 1 trust not. 1 hope we shall finish
this question to-day. It will interfere very innrh
with the business of the Senate if we take up the
subject anain on Monday morning. 1 hope we
shall get through wilh it to-day.
Mr. SMITH. We have only about fourteen
or fifteen days to finish all the business of the ses-
sion, and I think we ou ht to dispose of this sub-
ject now.
Mr. OA.SS. The mere question of reference
has been pending for two weeks.
Mr. WELLER. That, is true, but (he Sen ltor
himself has spoken on it.
Mr. CASS. I know I have spoken, end I
would not take the l ight to sneak from any sui'de
man who wished to exercise it, but the whole!
question will come up again on the report of the
committee.
Mr. I.RADBURA . It' [ was sure we <
ijet through with the preliminary quc:;tiun to
and that we should hove a report from the
mittee in two or three day*?, 1 would wiflidru
motion fo adjourn; but my fear is th; f we
get no repor'
Mr. CASS. The honorable Chaiiman.
anxious to make a report; I believe he said so the
other day.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. SOULE. If the wish of the Senate he to
take a vote immediately on the question of refer-
ence, I cannot be willing to detain them at this late
hour of the day; because, if I should go into the
merits of the question, it would take me at least an
hour. It is impossible that I should run over the
argument which has been presented by the honor-
able Senator from New-York in less than that
time. Therefore, if the wish and sense of the
Senate be, that we should at once pass upon the
motion to refer, I will consider it my duty, in
courtesy to the Senate, and out of a proper regard
for myself, not to insist upon addressing the Sen-
ate now; but I leave it entirely to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to
refer the message to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that question until Tuesday
next.
The question being taken, it was found that there
were 10 in the affirmative and 10 in the negative;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 suggested the day before yes-
terday, when this subject was up, that I should be
very glad to have an opportunity to address the
Senate. If I have that indulgence, my remarks
will be brief. I am not quite willing thatthis sub-
ject should be commuted without taking notice of
some observations which have been made in the
course of this discussion. This is not, by any
means, a Massachusetts interest; but, at the same
time, my State has a large interest in it. The
country has an interest in it. And, although I
have on one or two occasions made very brief ob-
servations to the Senate on this subject, still I
purposely forbore to touch upon the points which
have been drawn up by the communication of
these papers from the President. I wish a little
more time to look into them, if I can, in order to
show the posture of this question, and the precise
position in which it is now placed, to enable the
Senate to understand it, so that we may know
how to deal with it. I want an opportunity to do
thai, either to-day or at some other time, just as
the pleasure of the Senate may be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was taken a moment ago on the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject until
Tuesday, and on the vote on that question no quo-
rum was found to be present.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. WELLER Certainly.
Mr. CASS. I wish to give notice to the Senate
that 1 shall on Monday ask it to take up the bill
for the construction of a canal around the Falls of
the river St. Mary. I pledged myself some time
ago to the Senator fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
that if I could not put that measure on the ground
of defense, and show that it was not connected with
a general system of internal improvements, I
would not ask the Senate to pass the bill. But the
subject lias been pending for three or four weeks,
and my colleague and myself have allowed it to go
over, day after day, not wishing to interfere with
the other business of the Senate. We ask, as a
favor, that we shall be allowed totakeup the ques-
tion on Monday and have it disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. I would say to the honorable
! Senator, that I propose on Monday to take up the
river and harbor bill.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
■<;uld
■ My,
'' Mil -
v the
h r« 11
the
Committee on Foreign Relations is exceedingly
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Saturday, .ttugust 14, 1852. [
! The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer .
1 by the Rev. C. M. Buti.kr. J
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. >
The SPEAKER. The business first in order |
i.-. the motion to uauiuit to the Committee of the j
Whole House lull No. 297, declaring the Wheel-
ing Bridge a lawful structure and post road, and '
for other purposes. |
Mr. SMART, by unanimous consent, from the 1
Committee on Military Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the bill of the House (No. 105) for the set-
tlement and payment of the claims of the State of
New Hampshire for the services of her militia,
and for disbursements for military purposes during
the last war with Great Britain, reported the same
without amendment.
Ordered, That the said bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state ot' the Union, and printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Before proceed-
ing to the execution of the business of the morn-
ing hour 1 desire the unanimous consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. FICKL1N. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will permit me to report a bill to pre-
vent the circulation of small notes in the District
of Columbia, merely for the purpose of having it
printed.
Mr. PENN. I object.
Mr. FICKLJN. 1appeal to the gentleman from
Louisiana to withdraw Ins objection.
Mr. PENN. 1 cannot, i have bills in my
desk which I have been anxious to introduce for
months.
Mr. FICIvLIN. Then I give notice that 1 shall
move to suspend the rules on Monday for that
purpose.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to ask theunanimous
consent of the House to take up from the Speak-
er'stableSenatebillNo. 421,giving toa poor fellow
the sum of $3 50 per month. I will state to the
House that it is a case of great necessity. I hope
the House will consent to take up the bill and
pass it.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE then resumed ami
concluded his speech in opposition to the lull de-
claring the Wheeling Biidge a lawful structure.
[For spcech see Appendix.]
Mr. MILLSON next obtained the floor, and
addressed the House until the expiration of the
morning hour in reply to Mr. Woodward, on the
abstract rights of navigation as applied to the
Ohio river. He was interrupted by
Mr. HOUSTON, who inquired if the morning
hour had expired.
The SPEAKER. It has. Does the gentleman
from Virginia yield the floor to the gentleman
from Alabama r
Mr. MILLSON. I do, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 then call for action upon
the bill reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union yesterday.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. That bill is the first busi-
ness in order under the operation of the previous
question. It is House Bill No. 220, "making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th June, 3853," and the ques-
tion is upon agreeing to the fifth amendment.
The Clerk reported the amendment, which is as
follows:
For the piuposc of testing the practicability of employ-
ins camels oil the plains a-? a substitute, m pair, toi boise<,
$•20,000."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask- for
the yeas and nays upon that camel question.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been already ordered.
The question wjs then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 38, nays 106 ; as follows :
YEAS—]VTe«-rs William Appleton, I>iv?eli, i-ownc,
Oluiiiman. Concei, Dotv, Faulknei, Florence, Henry >1.
Fullci, Gentry, Oilmoio, Good enow. Hinpci Huv^ Haven,
Holladay, Tlorsloid, llovvaid, Thomas Y. How, Hiller,
Henry D. Moore, John Mooio, Outlaw, Samuel W. Pai kei,
Port< r, Sackctt, Selioonmukei, Skcimn, Fiede.uk P.
Stanton, 1'icbard H. Stanton, Ab'vai.dcr H. Stephens,
Strother, Sutherland. Tavlor, Henja-nm Thompson. Via-
ble, Walsh, and Well-—
IV \YS—Mi'svi'- A!!i-on. U.MCft, Thomu- tl K.t\h,
IJeale, Hennctt, Hocock, i>taa<r. Biemon, no??-., ll'beii
G. Brown, I'm 1!. Him-ow-", J>n-by, Joseph (.'able, Cald-
well, Lovyj-s 1). Ciitiipbell, C,i>kio, < 'handle-, f.'lmwnuui,
Chat-tain, Clatk, Cohh, Coieot'k, Cum--. Joh'i G ijavH,
Daw-on, Dean, bntmuck, 1): ncv. Docket v, Du iliain,
Hd'jeJlon, ttdnnmd-on,, Fiojd. FnvUer, 'Hiom.i-' D.
Fullet, Kavloid, (-.'ootbieh. (Jormiii. llali, Haind'oe, {lain
inoud, Minm G. Ham.-', Sampson \V. Hams Hait, It'dund,
HemuHibbard, Hiilyet, Houston. foiinU . Ihnve/i'lioin.it-
M. Howe, Incei^oM, !ve->. Ja< k-un, Jenkins., Audu \\
