ltd
THE ^ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
,always receive frotn iwe the most profound
consideration and the highest respect.
The motion was then agreed to.
mEERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED*
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That tiro raemoual of the assistant marshals for
ttf&ingtheconsusin Piscataquis county. Maine, oil the files
of .tlie Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on tho-fite^ of The Senate
relating to the claim of the State.of Alabama for interest
oi? deferred payments on the five per cent, tund, under fhe
compact tor her admission into tlie Union, be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
,0a motion by Mr., ATCHISON, it was
- Ordered, That Iho memorial of Use heirs of Ilascal Detcb-
Jftehdy, on the ftlos of the Seiwte, l>e referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Qp motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Qrdeted, That tlie petition of J. Epes Cowan, on the files
of the Senate j be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chailes H. Bnxcnstcm, on
thefilcsof the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pension?.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, Tbnt the heirs of David NoMe have leave to : j
withdraw their petition and papers. jl
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. !!
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on i!
Pensions, to which mis referred the petition of it
Adam Hays, submitted an adverse report; which jj
was ordered to be printed. :i
.He also, from the same committee, to which |i
was referred tlie bill for the relief of Philip Miller, j
reported it without amendment. i
■.Mr, SHIELDS, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the
bill to nmend an act entitled " An act to incor-
porate the Washington Gas Light Company,"
approved July 8, 1818, reported it without amend-
mul' „i., f ■ ■' am' " 's important that the officers of the Navv
He also, from the same committee, to which should hare some system to enforce discipline. I
Ector of oL 1 should ask the Senate to take up the bill to w!:' '
i have referred this morning, but for the fear t
If .'~K < ,~..C ...! , 1. „ 1. _ 1 " *
time when I may be enabled to return, I feel it to
be my duty to ask to be relieved from serving on
the select committee raised on the- memorial of
honorable D. L. Yulee, and that some other Sen-
ator may be appointed in my place.
The honorable Senator was excused from far-
ther service on the committee.
The PRESIDENT. It will be necessary for
the Senate to select a member of the select com-
mittee, in the place of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, who lias been excused.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope that by unanimous
consent the Chair will be allowed to appoint.
The PRESIDENT. The committee was se-
lected in the first place bytheSeirate. The Chair,
therefore, prefers that theSenate itself shall fill the
vacancy. It is an important committee, raised to
determine the rights of persons claiming seats in
the Senate. The Chair does not, therefore, wish
to take the responsibility of filling the vacancy.
He trusts, then, if such is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, that Senatois will now prepare their ballots
for another member of thecommittee. Or the bal-
loting can be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
.Tlie PRESIDENT. It will lie over until to-
morrow, and the Chair will then request Senators
to prepare their ballots for a member of the select
committee.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. BADGER. The Senate will recollect that
I reported some time ago, from the Naval Com-
mittee, a bill to enforce discipline and promote
good conduct in the naval service, by which it was
acts. It proposes no approval, on the part of this
body, of the provisions contained in any one of
those.acts. It declares Retiring respecting them,
except as a wdtole. It declares nothing respecting-
them, except that those act  do, as a whole, in
their mutual connection and dependence uponcacta
other, constitute an adjustment—constitute a set-
tlement—and constituting a settlement, that they
ought not to be touched by the legislation of Con-
gress until experience shall demonstrate that fur-
ther legislation is necessary. That is what the
resolution declares, and that is all that the resolu-
tion declares. As it ia very brief, allow me to read
it to the Senate:
Be it resolved, That thesciics of measures embraced in
the acts entitled " An act pioposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of her northern and western boundaries,
the relinquishment, by the taid State, of all territory claimed
by her cxterun t<> said boundaries,'and of all her claims
upon the United States, and lo establUh a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico," approved September 9? 1850 -t" An
act lor the admission of the State of California into the
Union," approved September 9.1850; " An aet to establish
a territorial government for Utah," approved Septem!>er 97
1830 f s: An act to amend and supplementary to an act en-
titled <An act inspecting fc itives from jarstree, rend persons
escaping from the service of their masters,' appioved Feb-
ruary J9,1793."approvedSeptember 18,1850;and " An acfc
to >upptess the slave tiade hi the District of Cofumbia,'7
approved September 20, 1850. commonly known a« the
" Compioimse Act<." are, in the judgment of this body, a
settlement in pnncipFe and substance—a final settlement of
the dangerous and exciting subjects which they embiace,
and ought to be adhered to by Congiess unlil time and ex-
penence shall demonstrate the necessity oi farther legislat-
ion to guard against evasion or abuse.
Now, I appeal to every gentleman who is a
member of tins body, if anything can be clearer
than that the resolution affirms nothing but this:
passed    ;
with great unanimity, at the last session of Con-
■ gress. It is very desirable that that bill should be
| acted on speedily. We have squatlronsnovi-about
going to sQa, in distant ports of the United States
was referred the memorial of the Rector of St.
John's Church, Washington, reported a bill for the
plief of St. John's Church, in the city of Wash-
ington; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr, DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to provide
for the removal of obstructions in the river Savan-
nah, in the State of Georgia, and for the improve-
ment of the same, reporte'd it without amendment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Joseph II. D. Bowmnr, reported a bill for his ,
relief; which was read and passed to the second I
reading.
CUBAN PRISONERS IN SPAIN.
_ Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on For- :
eign Relations, to which was referred the hill for
the relief of American citizens lately imprisoned :
and pardoned by the Gtueen of Spain, reported it !
without amendment. He also asked the unan- !
imous consent of tlie Senate to have the bill taken ■
up and disposed of, as it was ol urgent necessity.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the bill as in Committee of the Whole; and no I
amendment being made, it was reported to the 1
Senate, was ordered to a third reading, and was :
read a third time and passed. j
NOTICES OF BILLS. |
Mr. MA.LLORY gave notice of his intention to '
ask leave to introduce a bill to be entitled "A bill <
relating to the sale of public lands in certain cases."
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
heirs and representatives of Captain . j
MEXICAN INDEMNITY. !
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate '
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the .
V,,!t i top^^efor carrying into ex ecu-
it might interfere with the honorable Senatorfrom j
Mississippi, [Mr. McRae,] who is entitled to the I
floor on another subject. 1 wish merely to say at
this time, that I believe the bill will not occupy
much time. It is a case of emergency that/it
should be passed at once, and I give notice thjft I
will ask the Senate to-morrow morning to tak
the bill and dispose of it. '
Whole
. • _   1~v^. ! y liji' 11)1
°!i' I"/Urtller Part, the twelfth article of thetreatv
wtth Mexico concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo-
and no amendment being made, it was reported
to the Senate, was ordered to a third reading, and
was read a third time and passed.
FLORIDA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. BERRIEN. Being compelled to leave the
city to-morrow, and being uncertain as to the
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution declaring the compromise measures a
definite settlement of all questions growing out of
the institution of slavery. , ° I
Mr. McRAE resumed and finished the speech i
which he commenced on Thursday last against
the resolution. At.his request its publication is 1
deferred. It will be published in the Appendix, i
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I think the !
honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Mc- I
Rab,] who has delivered a speech, which -will [
certainly not soon be forgotten in this body, as
well for its substance as for his admirable manner, I
n lias, nevertheless, fallen into an error as to the
'I character and purpose of the resolution now under
the consideration of the Senate, submitted by his
j! late colleague in this body; and I wish, for a few
l| moments, to call the attention of the Senate to
I. what is the true character of that resolution.
>| The honorable Senator set out with thedeclara-
lion, that it involved the merits of the several acts
j of Congress referred to in it, and which form the
\l adjustment or con-promise which was adopted at
j I the first session of the last Congress; that thisres-
jj olution requires in every one who votes in its fa-
ll vor, an approval of each and every one of those
1 measures; and, therefore, cannot properly receive
the support of any member of this body who
denies or doubts the propriety of any one of those
measures.
Now this to me is totally and absolutely a mis-
apprehension of what the resolution contains.
The resolution, if I am able to understand the
meaning of the plain English words in which it is
drawn up, says nothing about the merits of any
one of the particular acts referred to. It affirms
nothing as to the excellence or propriety of the
particular provisions contained in any one of those
(alcalde language. There is not one word, letter,
or syllable in the resolution that says any one of
those measures was in in itself the wisest or the
best; or that it was even wise or good, considered
by itself. The affirmation is,that these measures
constitute a settlement; and from that is deduced a
which i' furtl,er assertion, that, constituting-a settlement,
that I' tiley ou?llt 10 be tried, they ought to be allowed
to rest,they should not be interfered with until by
time and experience the necessity of ehange shall
be demonstrated. Is not that clear? Why, in
the very ordinary transactions of fife, if half a
dozen individuals who had been engaged in a part-
nership transaction, or any other mutual business,
come to a settlement of pending difficulties between
them, and that settlement should be made by mu-
tual grants and releases among them, might it not
I>e—would it not be affirmed, that those mutual
acts of grant and release constituted a settlement,
and ought to be adhered to? But surely it never
would be, it never could be understood, that each
and every one of the parties entering into this mu-
tual arrangement with regard to their difficulties,
approved of each and everything that was done in
the whole series of measures that constituted the
adjustment. Certainly not. Therefore, as far as
I am able to understand the meaning of the lan-
guage in which this resolution is couched, there is
not in it a single word, letter, or syllable which af-
funis anything about any one of these measures, or
does anything but declare that, together, they con-
stituteasettlement. Asettlementhow? In principle
and substance. It does not declare that the princi-
ples of each and every separate measure were rijjht
principles; but^ that the whole together consti-
tuted, in principle and substance, a settlement.
Why in principle and substance? Because these
measures were separate and distinct acts of legis-
lation, and do not, in form, appear to be a set-
tlement. Each one, on its face, stands as an
independent exercise of the legislative power.
Tnerefore, they do not constitute, in form, a set-
tlement. But the language of the resolution is,
that they constitute a settlement in principle and
substance. This means, that although they were
all separately passed, they were all d esigned—thev
were all understood—they were all voted upon bV
those who passed them, with the understanding
that there was a mutual connection and depend-
ence between them; and that after they were al!
passed, they were, and were entitled to be, con-
sidered a settlement of the questions embraced in
them. I shall vote very cheerfully for this reso-
lution; but 1 shall not consider myself, in so voting
as expressing, in the remotest degree, the opinion
that I approve of all, or any one of these separate
