1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
measures by itself considered. It is true I do ap-
prove of most of these measures. I approved of
them at* the time. But in voting for this resolu-
tion I shall express no such sentiment; I shall
merely express this: that these measures consti-
tuted a settlement; and that, irrespective of my
opinion with regard to the merits of the particu-
lar measure which entered into and formed that
settlement, the settlement ought to be adhered to;
it ought to be tried until it shall be ascertained by
experience, that it is necessary that Congress
should enter into further acts of legislation upon
the subject. That is what I understand by it.
A word now in regard to the form which the
resolution has assumed in consequence of the \
amendment which 1 had the honor to submit to j
the Senate." If I understood the honorable Sena-1
tor from Mississippi, he said he considered the j
resolution better in its original shape—liable to less ;
objection—one for which he could vote—while he !
would not feel himself at liberty to vote for the
resolution in its present form. Let us see what
the original resolution in this respect declares; and
how it stands m its amended form; and Jet us see if
there is anything in it, in its present form, that can
be considered objectionable, which did not exist in a
higher degree in the form in which it was originally
proposed. The original resolution says that these
measures 44 are, in the judgment of this body, en-
* titled to be recognized as a definitive adjustment
'and settlement of the distracting questions grow- j
* ing out of the system of domestic slavery—and j
4 as such said measures should be acquiesced in j
* and faithfully observed by all good citizens.
In what sense is an approval of the particular |
measures leferred to—of the merits of the several j
acts of Congress composing that series of meas- j
vu*es—how is an opinion expressed upon the merits !
of these particular measures, more in the amended !
form than in the original form of the resolution? !
The original form declares that they are entitled I
to be recognized as a definitive adjustment and
settlement of the distracting questions growing
out ofthe system of domestic slavery; while the
amended resolution declares that they are a settle-
ment in principle and substance—a final settle-
ment of the dangerous and*exciting subjects which |
they embrace. If approval is implied in the one i|
case, I pray you to tell me if the ingenuity of man jj
can show that the same approval is not implied in i'
the other? It cannot be shown. _ Gentlemen may
assume that it is so: gentlemen, if they take that
view of it, will, of course, act upon the supposi-
tion that it is so. But I maintain, that upon a just
exposition of this language, the idea of approval
ofthe particular measures constituting the adjust-
ment, is no more expressed in the one case than in
the other. It was not, therefore, on that ground,
that I submitted the amendment which the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] who
offered the resolution, felt willing to accept, and i
which he, not having control of the resolution, in |
the judgment of the Chair, was, on a division, j
adopted by the Senate: but it was for another pur- j,
pose. The resolution as originally framed, dc- ,|
clared these measuies were to be acquiesced in in- m
definitely, under all circumstances, without any ij
limitation, i suggested then, in substance-—I do j
not remember the particular phraseology which I (,
use(l—that there was at least a plausible objec. j;
tion to the resolution in undertaking to give an un- | j
alterable character to these measures. I did not m
esteem that objection as just; still it was enter- ;!
tamed: and I wished to remove from the resolu- jj
tion every objection, not only real but plausible; :|
and therefore suggested the amendment by which ij
it is declared with regard to these measures that ||
they ought to be maintained untouched, until wc
see'what will be the result upon them of time and !
experience. • ■
Then, in the second place, I thought that the
original form of the resolution was subject to a
real objection, which was, that the Senate, instead
of declaring what ought to be the action of this ,
body, would declare by it what should be the duty
of the citizens of the country. It seems to me ;
unnecessary to declare that the citizens of the i
country ought to obey the laws of the country; |
and at the same time I thought the resolution in- ;
sufficient, because it ought to declare our own j
views and our own purpose wkji regard to the
maintenance of those laws—the^egislative power
over that subject being in this body and in the
other House. It was upon that ground that this
amendment was offered by me, and it was adopted
by the Senate. And I must say, that if there is
anything in the original resolution which has
merits which commend it to the favor of the Sen-
ate, no part of those ftierits have been removed by
the amendment which I had the honor to submit.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As the usual hour for
adjournment has arrived, if the honorable Senator
will give way I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BADGER assented.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 2, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday last wasread.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that he discovered that
the Journal of Friday last states that he had re-
ported, without amendment, from the Committee
on Territories the bill authorizing the Governor
of the Territory of New Mexicy to call an extra
session of the Legislative Assembly of said Ter-
litory. He reported the bill with an amendment,
and desired the Journal to be so corrected.
It was ordered, and the Journal was then ap-
proved.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to allow him to introduce a resolution.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business of Friday last, which is
the consideration of bill No. 193, for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John llascall, upon which the
previous question was ordered to be put; which
main question is upon the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole, and the yeas and
nays were ordeied.
Mr. CARTTER called for the order of busi-
ness.
Mr. SIBLEY again naked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That tlic Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of devo'tinjr the pio-
etieds of the Fort duelling nnJitmy reserve, when sold, to
the.' benefit of the University of Minnesota, m lieu of a like
mimbri of acres of land already granted by Congiessfor
that puipose, and that the said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
There being no objection, the resolution was in-
troduced.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. MOLONY. I have a favor to ask of the
House—one wlneh I rarely ask, but always vote
to grant. It is simply the introduction of a bill,
of wnich previous notice has been given, which I
desire may be referred to a committee.
It was then read for information, as follows:
A bill granting to the State of Illinois and Indi-
ana the right of way for, and a portion ofthe pub-
lic lands to aid in, the construction of a railroad
from Lafayette, Indiana, across the Gi and Prairie,
via Middicpot t, to La Salle county, Illinois.
Mr. SKEETON objected.
Mr. FOWLER aslced the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. SKELTON called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the unfinished business of the House
is the consideration of bill No. 193, being a bill
for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall.
A motion was made to commit the said bill to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day, and printed, upon which the previous
question was moved and seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put; and upon this question
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARTTER. I submit whether the pre-
vious ouestion was not called upon the motion to
pass it?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect if the
House vote down the proposition to refer. If the
House refuse to refer the bill, it will, under the
operation of the previous question, be brought to
a vote upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask Jf the House refuse to
refer the bill, whether it will be then open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not—the previous
questiop having been ordered.
Mr. SACKETT. I only wish to say to the
House, that the bill grants a patent fbr fourteen
years 
Mr. CARTTER. I object to any remarks.
The SPEAKER. AH discussion is out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair. If the House refuse to refer this bill,
will not the question then come up upon its en-
grossment?
The SPEAKER. It will, under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask that the bill be read.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. Do we understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,'] the chairman
of the committee, as objecting to the bill being
read ?
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman undersjands
that the bill has been already read by sections.
Mr. SACKETT. Last week; and I ask that
it be read again.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill; and there were—yeas 39, nays 137,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, Avereft. Bragg, Caskie,
Ohurehvvell, CJingman, Curtis, Daniel, Dawson, Dunham,
Evans, Faulkner, Fiekhn, Floyd, Gamble, I^ham G. Har-
ris, Haven, IJoIJaday, tngersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz,
Letcher, Ma?on, Millson, Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W4KPar-
ker, PbeJpv, Powell, Sackett, Smith, Alexander H. Ste-
phens. Toombs, Wallace, and Wilcox—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken. Chailes Allen, IVillia Allen, Alli-
son, Andrew?, William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Barrere,
Bell, Bibighaus, Kisseli, Bocock, Bronton, Briggs, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Knell, Burrows, Busby, E. Car-
nngton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chastain, Clark, Cobb, Col-
oock, Conger, John G. Davis, Dimmiek, Disney, Doekery,
Pot\, Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, EdtnuntUon, Ewmg,
Fitch, Fowler, llcnry M. Fullei, Thomas J. T). Fuller,
Gavlotd, Giddimr-, Goodonow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green,
Giey, Giow, Hall, Hammond, Ilaiper, Hart, Hascall, Heb-
aid, Hendrickc. Henn, IJibbard, Ilor^ford, llou;-ton, How-
aril, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How>
Jenkins-, Janice Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George (J. King, fCuhns, Loekhart,
Mace, Manu, Edward C. Marshall, Martin, McCorklc,
McLanahan, McMullin, McNau, Meacham, Meade, Miner,
Molonv, Henry D. Mooie, John Moore, Morehead, Mur-
phy, Muriav, Nabers, Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Pea«--
lec, IVnnunan, Perkins, Poiter, Price, Kiddle, Robbins,
Robinson, Russell, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Oilmen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Stanly, Benja-
min Stanton, Abr'm P. Sloven*?, Stone, St. Martin, "Strat -
ton, brother. Stuart, Sweetser. Taylor, George W. Thoift-
hon, Thurston, Townvhend, Tuck, Venable, Walbrtdge,
Wal-h, Ward, Walking, Welch, Wells, Addison White,
Wiklnck, Williams, and Woodward—137.
So the bill was not committed.
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Speaker, is the previous
question exhausted?
The SPEAKER. It is not exhausted.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to move a re-
consideration of the last vote, and to lay that mo-
tion upon the table?
— It is.
I make that motion to re-
The SPEAKER.
Mr. CARTTER.
consider.
Mr. SACKETT.
The SPEAKER,
proposition.
Mr. SACKETT.
I believe I have the floor.
The gentleman made no
I inquired if the previous
question was exhausted, with the intention of
moving1 a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. It is not a debatable propo-
sition at all events.
Mr. SACKETT. I wished to make a state-
ment in regard to this bill. I desire to move a re-
consideration.
The SPEAKER.. For what purpose does the
gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Sackett] claim
the floor?
Mr. SACKETT. For the purpose of moving
a reconsideration.
Mr. CARTTER. I had anticipated that motion
already, for the benefit of the gentleman, under the
recognition of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] claimed, and was upon the
floor, and the Chair thinks he was entitled to it.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to make an ex-
planation to the House, of the object of my motion ?
Mr. CARTTER. I will inquire, if the gentle-
man having voted against the proposition, can now
moke a motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
such a'motion.
Mr. ROBBINS moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; which motion was agreed
to.
1 The question then being, Shall the biL be en-
