1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
a tacit or implied pledge to do this thing. Well,
sir, it does seem to me that Congress can never
speak about any matter but that there is fastened
upon it a pledge to expend an illimitable amount
of money, whatever may be deemed necessary
for the completion of the work. We ran see
plainly to what this is to lead. If Congress goes
on and takes the step of surveying and estimating
for this work, why, of course, the next thing will
be that we appropriate money to construct the
basin. That, as a matter of course, will follow
upon the same reason; for if the reasoning of the
Senator from Maryland is good for the purpose
now under consideration, it will certainly be good
to fasten upon the Government the expense of the
construction of this work. I should like-to know
if the bare survey and estimates of this basin is
to cost $1,200, what, in the name of common sense,
is its construction to cost?
Mr. SHIELDS. As chairman of the com-
mittee that reported this bill, I would state to the
Senator from Wisconsin, and to the Senate, the
necessity for it. After making the most ample
inquiries, we found that there was some receptacle
necessary at Georgetown in order to prevent the
boats from passing down to Alexandria. Tt was
necessary for the benefit of Washington and for
the benefit of this District. It was necessary in
order to give the people here an opportunity of j
getting coal, and other articles of consumption, i
more directly. We cannot tell the nature of that !
receptacle—whether it is to be a basin, orwhether j
it is to be large or small. We want to ascertain >
the facts in regard to it. If it shall turn out to be |
a matter of expense, we shall have it in our power :
to refuse to construct the work; or we may make !
terms with the authorities of Georgetown. The !
object of this bill is to ascertain the nature and ,
character of the construction required. I
I will state, that the Bureau, with which we con- j
ferred on this subject, gave us, in reply, this m- j
formation: That to make such an examination as j
was wanted, they must proceed to bore the j
ground; they must employ laborers; they must !
go to some expense. They could not make an j
estimate satisfactory to us, on which we could
act, without some little additional expense, and i
they name $1,200 as the expense required. It i
may not cost over ^200. It may not so beyond .
$300 or $400. We cannot tell exactly what :
amount will be required; but we thought it best ;
to appropriate the sum asked for. Some expense
will be necessary to get this information, and
then, when it is obtained, all that the honorable
Senatorfrom Wisconsin now says may be in very
good time. But at present we have not inform-
ation enough. What we want to get at is a
knowledge of the necessity fur this work, and the
nature of the work required. That we can get, I
believe, for a few hundred dollars. T do not think
it is necessary to waste the time of the Senate on
this subject.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, that we have
not the information seems evident. That we are
under no obligation to procure it is whit I am
asserting. There are some cities in this world—
some in the United States—that hove some little
ambition to do something for themselves. Here
are two cities, in a little fiat-iron piece of ground,
every citizen, every business man in them, being
interested, if possible, more than the residue of
the country put together, in the promotion <>f
commerce here. But we find, that, when at a
former period these cities made some subs^rintion
towards this work, Congress assumed it; and
now, when the last thing is wanted, when inform-
ation is called for in regard to the construction
of a basin, they will not even condescend to do
that for themselves. I do not believe that there
is any obligation on Congress to take this step.
But when we shall have had the information, as I
before remarked, it is perfectly evident, from the
arguments here, that we shall have to take a
further step, and incur the expense of construct-
ing this work. The Senator from Illinois says
this survey and estimate may not cost more than
$200.
Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot tell exactly what it
will cost.
Mr. WALKER. If this survey and estimate
will only cost $200, why is there an Appropriation
in the bill of $1,200? f doubt very much whether
there can be found an instance in an enterprise of
this sort, where an appropriation has ever gone
beyond the amount which it was deemed neees-
sary to expend. If we appropriate this amount,
it wiil be pretty sure to be expended.
I believe that the way to keep down Washing
ton city; the way to keep down Georgetown, m
a commercial point of view, is for Congress to be
continually making these appropriations, and leav-
ing these cities nothing to do for themselves. Why,
when we make appropriations, it is very rarely
that they are expended for the purposes for which
we make them. The people here really seem to
think that if they expend the money we appropri-
ate, for the purposes tor which it was designed,
this city might be finished, and hence there would
be no more expenditure. Why, look at Indiana
avenue. We made an appropriation of $13,000
for grading and opening it. A responsible citizen
of Maryland, and one who could give responsible
security, came forward and proposed to take the
work for the amount appropriated; but the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, (not the present
one,) answered him, that he could do it for less
than the appropriation; that he would let the work
out by the day. Well, he went on; and we have
made appropriation after appropriation, for that
object, from that day to this, until, at last, we
have appropriated $23,500 for Indiana avenue, and
it is not yet half done.
I have felt that, when an occasion offered itself,
I would make some remarks in regard totheman-
' ner m which money is expended in this District.
| This is, to be sure, a small question upon which to
! make these remarks, but they are none the less
| applicable; for the truth is as I have stated.
I Money is not expended here for the purposes for
! which it is appropriated. Take the case of this
! canal for another instance. An offer was made to
' do the work lequired on that, for the sum first ap-
| propriated; but we have gone on until it has cost
j three times the amount of the first appropriation.
: It se^ma to be the design that Congress shall con-
| tinually appropriate money in this District, and
; yet never accomplish the object in view, that is,
I finishing this city. For one, I hope that Congress
| will at last begin to close the door of the Treasury
i against this thing, until the citizens—the responsi-
ble people—of the District of Columbia will see
their true interests, and come forward as though
i they were somewhat interested in having money
j properly expended here. But it is not done. I
j assert what I can prove in regard to Indiana ave-
nue and the canal. The men who proposed to
undertake the work con come forward and testify
1 as to the truth of what I have said.
| To whom are these §1,200 to go' To pay the
' Topographical Engineers for this survey ?
Mr. PRATT. Some of it will be necessary to
• ■ pa v laborers.
Mr. WALKER. Will §1,200 be necessary to
ji pay laborers for boring the ground?
i Mr. SHIELDS. As the honorable Senator
\ seems to be a little ignorant of the nature of the
j case which he has attempted to talk about, I will
say to him that there is a report here which may
j: explain the necessity of this appropriation; and he
i; will certainly see, when he hears that report read,
;1 that in the opinion of the head of the Topograph-
leal Bureau, there must be something expended
'' for this purpose.
Mr. WALKER. I think I have read that re-
port. I was surprised at it when it came in.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the honorable Senator
' never hend tins report read.
Mr. WALKER. It came in some time since.
\\ Mr. SHIELDS. It lias never been read yet in
'S this Chamber, and I ask now for its reading.
i[ TheSecre'ary accordingly read a letter from Col-
li onel J. J. Abert, of the Topographical Engineers,
ji dated March 30, 1852, addressed to the Hon. Mr.
!i Shields, Chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
'! trict of Columbia. It states that the object of the
|| proposed appropriation of §1,200 is to enable the
'i TopographiCcd Bureau to make the surveys and
examinations upon which an estimate could be
; founded for the construction of such a basin as
might be necessary at the terminus of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal. He states thatan estimate
■ ■ of the cost of the construction of such a basin
ii cannot now be made, because the items of an es-
,i timate, however rough, must have some reference
lj to the plan, and the plan cannot be estimated with-
ji out a survey and examination. He further states
j, that the plan will probably involve extensive
• ; dredging, protecting walls, a dam, a short canal,
condemnation of occupied ground, and its value;
md that these items cannot be ascertained with-
>ut a survey and an examination; and if an esti-
mate were made, only such an amount would be
-sked for as could be judiciously expended during
the present fiscal year. He therefore submits an
estimate of $30,000 as the probable amount re-
quired for such a work, during the fiscal year.
As to the necessity and want of such a basin,
he says, that it is a means of connecting the tide-
water of the Potomac with the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal at Georgetown. In the plan of the
canal, there are three terminating points, or points
of connection with tide-water—one at Alexandria,
by means of the aqueduct at Georgetown, and the
short canal between the aqueduct and Alexandria;
one at the basin at Georgetown, referred to,
which, from its condition, being now of no uae,
is a theoretical and not a practical connection; and
one at James's Creek, adjacent to the Arsenal,but
which is not yet completed. The trade to th« last
point has to pass through the Georgetown basin
and the Washington city canal; therefore, without
the Georgetown basin, the James's Creek basin is
useless. There is also a direct communication
with the Navy-yard, by a branch of the city
canal; but the canal connection with this branch
also passes through the Georgetown basin. There
is therefore at present but one practical connection
between the canal and tide-water—namely, the
Alexandria connection. The United States Ar-
senal and the Navy-yard at Washington both de-
pend upon the Georgetown basin for water for canal
connexion with the armory at Harper's F^Vry,
and the coal and the iron region of theAlleghanies.
Hence, it is supposed that the reduced price on
the coal consumed at these two points, resulting
from the use of the canal, would in a short time
equal the probable cost of repairing and improv-
ing the Georgetown basin. Mr. Abert sums up
the advantages to the United States from the im-
provemeotandpreservation of the basin at George^
town, as follows: First, the general inland trade
of the country, which this canal is well adapted
to develop and promote. Secondly, the extensive
interests of the United States, as a stockholder in
the canal. Thirdly, the extensive interests of the
United States as a lot-holder in the city of Wash-
ington. Fourthly, the important national consid-
erations involved in a canal connection between
the Arsenal at Washington city and the Armory
at Harper's Ferry, and the coal and iron region
of the AUcghanies; and fifthly, the important na-
tional considerations similarly involved in refer-
ence to the Navy-yard at Washington.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand that the Senator from Wisconsin pre-
sents any constitutional objection to the appropria-
tion for the purpose of making this survey. This
District has no power of legislation, save in this
body—the Congress of the United States. This
is said to be a very important improvement. There
are no public lands within this District that can
be appropriated to make this basin.
Mr. WALKER. There are plenty of them.
Mr. DAWSON. Besides, I would suggest to
the Senator from Wisconsin, that the principle
which he so much admires, and has so often sus-
tained here, is, that anything which would im-
prove the value of the public property should be
made the foundation Tor an appropriation—such as
the granting of alternate sections of land. Now,
look at the various advantageous influences which
this basin or this canal has upon the public prop-
erty. Your engineer suggests, in the communica-
tion which has been read, that the large number
of lots held by theGovernmentin the city of Wash-
ington, will be vastly enhanced in value by this
improvement.
Air. WALKER. Those lots are public land.
Mr. PRATT, (to Mr. Dawson.) He admi+s
your argument.
Mr. DAWSON. Does he acknowledge that
the Govet nment of the United States should carry
out the principle in this bill ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; I believe so.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well, then, I will let
him alone.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
question was stated, Shall it be engrossedand read
a third time'
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am entirely opposed te
this bill, and upon the question of its engrossment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
