442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
grossed and read a third time ? it was taken and
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will receive its third_reading now.
Mr. EVANS. I ask if the bill is actually en-
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill has not been engrossed.
Mr. EVANS, i then object to its third reading
now.
The SPEAKER,. The bill takes its place on
the Calendar.
Mr. THURSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was' ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and to lay that motion upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was ordered
that the papers of Boyce Purcell be withdrawn
from the files of the House and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
ALLOWANCE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. FOWLER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to this House a statement exhibiting
the amount of claims, if any, including principal and in-
terest, and designating: oach sepai ately, which have been
allowed and paid by the several Departments, or any of
tbe^fruieatw thereof, fiom the 4th day of March, 1845, un-
til the 4th day of March, 1849, which had been previously
presented and suspended, or disallowed in whole or in part,
and specifying the character of such claims, and also the
name of each person who at any time acted as agent or so-
licitor for such claims ; together with the names of the per-
sons to whom the same or any part thereof was paid, spe-
cifying, if practicable, the several amounts paid to such
agents or solicitors as fees for their services in prosecuting
said claims.
Mr. GA.YLORD objected.
Mr. FOWLER moved to suspend the rules,
ana on that motion asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ASHE. I call for the reading of the reso-
lution, We have not been able to hear a word
of it in this part of the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
read once, but it will be read again unless objected
to.
Mr. ANDREWS objected.
Mr. ASHE. Then I must ask to be excused
from voting, for I do not know what the resolu-
tion is.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Asije from
voting.
Mr. FITCH. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his objection. Wehavenone
of us lieard the resolution m this part of the Hall,
and cannot vote in the dark.
Mr. ANDREWS withdrew his objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to that
resolution. I voted against a similar one last
Monday and shall vote against all of them.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to read
the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. Oh, I have no objection to
its being read.
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition.
The Clerk then read the resolution.
Mr. FfCKLIN. Is the resolution amendable
at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolution is
not now before the House. The question is on
euspendingthe rules to enable the gentleman from
1 Massachusetts to offer the resolution.
The question was then put, and there were yeas
164, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Chas. Allen, Wxlhs Allen,
Allison. Andrews, John Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Rabeock,
Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Boeock, Bownc, Bragg, Brecken-
rtdge, Brenton, Biiggs, Biuoks, Albert G. Brown, George
H. Brown, Buell, Burrows, K. Cairington Cabell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Canter, Caskie, Chandler,
Cha&tain, Churchweil, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Conger,
Curtis, Darnel, George T. Davis, John G. Davi>, Dawson,
Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Dotv, Duncan, Eastman, Ed-
gerton, Edmundson, Evans, Ewing, Faulkner, Fickhn,
Fitch, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. J). Fuller,
Gamble, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Goodrich. Gorman*
Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Harper, Ilart, Hascall, Haven
Hebard, Hendricks, Hibbard. Holladay, Ilorsford, Houston
Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas y!
How, Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
eon, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. George G. Kmg,
Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mann, Martin
Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, McLanahao, MeNair, Mea-
charo, Meade, Millson, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, New ton, Olds
Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel W, Parker, Peaslee Penni'
man, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Price, Riddle, Robinson, Rus-
sell, Sackett, Seherinerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoomnaker,
Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skekon,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P Stanton,
. Abraham P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Strother, Stuart,
i Sweetscr, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Geo. VV. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Tuck, Venarile, Wal-
brtdge, Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells,
Addison White, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Yates—-164.
NAYS—Messrs. Busby, Caldwell, Floyd, Gaylord, Hcnn,
Outlaw, Robbins, Alexander H. Stephens, and Wil-
liams—9.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. FOWLER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained. There is a very essential
amendment that ought to be made to that resolu-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I think not. The resolution
is precisely the same as that passed last week,
except that it is addressed to the President instead
of the Secretaries.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution ought to be
amended so as to show the additional proof pre-
sented before the Departments to justify the allow-
ance of the claims.
The House then divided on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and
The SPEAKER announced that there were
ayes 84, noes 80.
Mr, CARTTER demanded tellers.
Mr. CABELL. I object to tellers. The call
was made too late. The Chair had announced
the result of the division.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ob-
jection. Tellers were demanded whilst the Chair
was in the act of announcing the result.
Mr. CABELL. I raised the objection, in or-
der that we may have some principle decided. I
| called for tellers the other day and the Chair de-
cided that I was too late, although I addressed the
Chair before the result of the division was an-
nounced.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. CABELL. No. I am indifferent about
the matter. I merely want to have the question
settled.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fuller of
Maine and Chandler appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—ayes 84, noes 85.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LOCKHART. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I not still retain the
| floor ? I have not yielded it yet.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman effected his
] object by calling the previous question,
i Mr. FOWLER. The question is whether I
; do not still hold the floor for further remarks?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was not un-
: derstood as claiming the floor until another gen-
, tleman had been recognized by the Chair.
Mr. FOWLER. I claimed the floor as soon
as the result was announced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
| gentleman did not claim the floor in time.
Mr. LOCKHART moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding thereto the following:
And the additional evidence, if any, upon which such
claims were allowed.
Mr. LOCKHART then demanded the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
| gentleman from Indiana to modify his amendment
, so as to call for information in relation to the ad-
^ ditional testimony that was furnished upon claims
I since 1849. My purpose is, that all the facts in
; relation to the allowances ofclaims may be brought
! out, and that the country may understand whether
' this or that party is to blame.
! The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
[ Indiana agree to the suggestion made by the gen-
| tleman from Ohio ?
1 Mr. LOCKHART. I do not.
! _ Mr. CAMP BELL. Ah! Then only one side
is wanted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce the
rule. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. CARTTER. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
to allow me to offer this additional amendment,
that any of the officers incumbent during the period
embraced in the resolution shall have the privilege
of going into the offices and vindicating their ac-
tion during the investigation.
Mr. LOCKRART. I cannot withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. FOWLER, t desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart.]
If the gentleman will so alter his amendment as to
extend it down to the present time, I will accept
it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the resolution
which was adopted on Monday last now stands,
the Department can report the new proof upon
which the claims were allowed. There is nothing
in the resolution which precludes it; and they will,
no doubt, take this resolution as a precedent to
govern their action under the former resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. This discussion is entirely
out of order.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not propose to discuss
the matter; but I desire to say again to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart,] that I will
accept his amendment if he will extend it down
to the present time.
Mr. LOCKHART. I am satisfied with it as it
now stands.
The question now being upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, upon a division
there were—ayes 99.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fuller of Maine and
Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 50.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
which was first on agreeing to Mr. Lockhart's
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and being taken, it was
carried in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANLY mpved that the vote just taken,
by which the resolution was adopted, be recon-
sidered,and to lay that motion on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
INSTRUCTIONS IN RELATION TO CUBA.
Mr. FAULKNER, by unanimous consent of
the House, introduced the following" resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest, all instructions from the Depart-
ment of State to the diplomatic agents of the United States
abroad, and all dispatches from them not heretofore com-
municated to Congress, declaratory of, or relating to the
policy of the Government of the United States in relation
to the Island of Cuba.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
RENTS PAID FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS*
Mr. DANIEL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be in-
structed to ascertain and report to this House what build-
ings, or parts of buildings, in the District of Columbia, other
than those belonging to the United States, have been used
by the Government between the first day of January, 1840,
and the first day of February, 185Q, and the amount paid for
rent, or contracted to be paid, in every instance, and their
security and fitness as depositories of the public records.
And that said committee inquire into the expediency of
1 purchasing or erecting such additional building- as may be
deemed necessary. And that they have leave to report by
bill or otherwise.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
OCEAN STEAMERS—MAIL CARRIERS.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire
into the expediency of providing by law that every steamer
suitable to war purposes regularly running from any port in
the United States to any foieign portshall be a mail'carrier,
under proper conditions, and entitled to receive, as com-
pensation for such services, the postage arising from letters
or other matter transported by such steamer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. MEADE. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me torattroduce the resolution.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
