1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not object to the ap-
propriation in this bill, provided it shall not be
taken as a pledge that this Government will go on
and construct the basin contemplated. The (gov-
ernment has already expended a large amount on
this canal. I do not deem it of sufficient import-
ance, whether the basin of this canal shall be at
Alexandria or at Georgetown, for the Government
to be involved in the. expense of constructing it.
But^this appropriation is for a small amount, and
I would not object to it, provided there should be
no implied pledge that-the Government is to pros-
ecute it. .
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill merely proposes a
survey and an estimate. We wish to get inform-'
ation in regard to the subject.
The question being taken upon the engrossment
of thef bill, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 30,
nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Brooke, Brad-
bury, Cass, Clarke, Cleinens, Dawson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of iowa, Feicli, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Jones
of Tennessee, King, Mallory, Manguin, Mason, Pratt, Rusk,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Sumner, Underwood, Upham,
Wade, and YVeller—30.
' NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Blight, Brodhead, Douglas,
Jones of Iowa, Sebastian, and Walker—7.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third-readings
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
Hjuse of Representatives, entitled " An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852," the question pending being upon the amend-
■ ment of the Committee on Finance, as it had been
amended, to insert the following:
. For additional compensation for increasing the transport-
ation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times as shall ho directed by the
Postmaster Geneial,and in conformity to Ini last annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the l'Uh of November
last lo the Secretary ofthe Navy, commencing said increased
service on the first of January, 1852, at the rate of $33,000
per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum of
*236,500: Provided., That it slmll be in the power of Con-
gress, at anytime after the first day of January, 1854. to
terminate the arrangement for any additional allowance
herein provided for.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say to the Senate,
and to the chairman of the Finance Committee in
particular, that the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] who made a part of his speech yester-
day, is this morning sick abed, and requested me
to ask that the deficiency bill might not be taken
up, or, if taken up, that it might be postponed
until to-morrow, or else taken up and acted upon
in its other provisions, leaving this question unde-
cided.
The PRESIDENT. All the amendments have
been disposed of except the one pending in regard
to the Collins line of steamers. ;
Mr. HUNTER. There are other amendments
to be offered, some from the Committee on Finance,
and some from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Two or three additional estimates have come in .
since the bill was reported. We can go on with I
the other amendments, and lay the one in regard ]
to the Collins line aside.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. The Senator from :
Arkansas can finish his speech on this subject1
when we get the bill into the Senate. I hope that j
we shall act now on the pending amendment. :
After the bill shall be reported to the Senate the
Senator from Arkansas can speak on the question. |
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think it would be more
courteous to allow the pending amendment to lie
over, so that we can offer other amendments.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose we should get through
the other amendments to-day, are we then to post-
pone the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. When we shall get through
with the other amendments it will be time enough
to raise that question.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment reported
by the committee is under consideration. It can
only be laid aside by unanimous consent. If there
is no objection it will be laid aside, and other
amendments will be received.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing to take up
other amendments now, and when we get through
with them let us go on with the one in regard to
the Collins line.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall insist upon going on
with that amendment now. 1 have been waiting
for several days to get a vote on the question.
The PRESIDENT. Then the amendment is
under consideration, and the Chair has no alter-
native but to put the question.
Mr. CASS. It seems to be a matter of comity
due to a member of the body, who has commenced
a speech', to give him an opportunity to finish it.
As there is other business connected with this bill
we can go on with that, and finish it so that there
will be no time lost. It seems to me that it would
be better to go on with other amendments to the
bill to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no power
over the subject. The amendment cannot be
passed over except by unanimous consent, and no
other amendments can be offered until tins is dis-
posed of. By unanimous consent, the Chair
stated that it might be passed over, but that was
objected to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to observe to the
Senate, and especially to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
who is ill, was making his speech yesterday in
opposition to the pending amendment. It seems
to me, therefore, to be rather discourteous to take
a vote on the amendment, and then ask htm to
finish lus speech upon it after it has been passed
upon by the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose the Senator from Arkan-
sas should be sick for six weeks; are we to post-
pone action for that length of time? If there could
be any surety that the hbnorable Senator would
be here in reasonable time to make his speech, I
should not object at all. Nor do I object now. I
am perfectly willing to take up other amendments,
and I withdraw all objection, provided that, when
we get through with them, if we shall get through
before the end of the day, the amendment now
pending shall come up.
Mr. BERRIEN. Is there any question before
the Senate'
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment reported by the committee as amend-
ed. There was a proposition made that, by unan-
imous consent, that amendment should be passed
over with the view of offering other amendments,
but it was objected to.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 should myself have no hesi-
tation in acquiescing in that course if the decision
on this question would be a decision by the Sen-
ate. But the bill is now m Committee of the
Whole, and the question must again be presented
when the bill shall be reported to the Senate. Then
the argument of the honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas can be heard. It is unnecessary, I prer
sume, to make any other remark, as there is an
objection to passing over the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
when the bill is reported to the Senate, the ques-
tion will come up on the amendments agreed to in
Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator from New
York still objects, I hope that the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to appeal to him in behalf of
my colleague. 1 think I can make an appeal
with great confidence to that Senator, inasmuch
as the Senate has granted him, with others, the
indulgence of offering extended remarks upon this
question. Surely it would not be considered very
unusual to accord to my colleague a courtesy
which it has been usual to extend to other Sen-
ators. I hope, therefore, that the Senator from
New York will withdraw his objection, and allow
the discussion to take that form which has been
suggested by the friends of the bill. Let us pass
over informally the amendment now the subject
of discussion, and proceed to the consideration of
other amendments. It will be time enough for
the Senator from New York to object when we
shall have got through the other amendments. If,
then, the illness of my colleague shall still prevent
him from speaking on the amendment, it will be
time enough to make the objection. I hope,
therefore, that the Senator from New York will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I appeal to
the honorable Senator from New York to with-
draw his objection for another reason. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas, while delivering his speech
yesterday, was unwell, and from a feeling of
illness, was unable to continue his remarks.
When he gave way he had not arrived at the spe-
cific objections which he entertained against the
amendment under consideration. He wasforced
by illness to give way, and vve have not heard from
the Senator from Arkansas one single word as to
his specific objections against this amendment.
Therefore, I hope we shall give him an opportu-
nity of continuing his remarks to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. In order to make it a test
matter, whether this courtesy is to be shown to
the Senator from Arkansas, who has been taken
sick, l move to postpone the further consideration
ofthe bill until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. I think that is certainly unjust,
for to-morrow is Friday, and private bill day.
Private bills have been postponed for the last three
weeks, for the purpose of passing this bill, under
the view, I am sure, sincerely entertained by the
chairman of the committee who reported it, that
it would pass, if private bills were only postponed.
The motion now is to postpone the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let us postpone it until Mon-
day at one o'clock.
Mr. PRATT. 1 have no objection to that. But
it is manifestly unjust that the claims of private
individuals against the Government, should be
postponed from week to week for the purpose of
taking up this bill. This bill atlastisonly to pay
the debts of the Government. The private claim-
ants are the creditors of the Government. They
only differ from those who will be paid under the
deficiency bill, in the fact that they have been
creditors for a long period of time, whereas the
others are only creditors of the last year. If, then,
there should be a precedence, on principle, given to
one over the other, the private claimants who have
just claims against the Government of the United
States, which have been lying over for years and
years, have certainly a stronger claim than those
in favor of whom appropriations are to be made
in this bill. I shall therefore certainly object to
appropriating to-morrow for the consideration of
the deficiency bill. If Senators should desire to
postpone it until Monday, I shall have no objec-
tion; but I certainly must object to its being post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I may be allowed to
say a word in reply to the suggestions that have
been made to me by respected Senators on the op-
posite side of the Chamber. If this was to be a
final question, I would not insist upon taking the
vote now; but it concludes nothing. The question
will be before the Senate to-morrow just as it is
to-day. Nothing can change that. 1 think that
it is due to the proper conduct of public business
here that we should get on with this bill as far and
as fast as we can. After we shall have gone
through the amendments in committee, rather than
that the question should be taken by surprise, if
the honorable Senator from Arkansas should be
absent, I should myself object to taking any final
question, or disposing of the matter finally, until
he should be here; but I see no reason why we
should not proceed with the bill to-day, as far as
we can, inasmuch as the very same question will
come up again to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER, I simply wish to remark to
the Senator from Maryland, that the effect of this
vote will not be to postpone the private business,
but will leave it to us to-morrow to say whether
or not we will dispense with the order of private
business.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a word upon the
subject of postponement, and I desire mainly to
direct it to the Senator from New York. Hesees
that courtesy towards the Senator from Arkansas
would require the postponement of the bill until
Monday. I think it would be better to lay aside
the present pending amendment, and disposeofthe
various other amendments which are to be offered.
The Senator's objection is the only thing in the
way of taking up the other amendments. I think
that by laying aside the pendingamendments, and
going on with the others, in the absence of the
Senator from Arkansas, we may considerably
facilitate the final passage of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I intended to act in accord-
ance with the friends of the pending amendment,
and certainly with the honorable Senator from
Texas; but after the remark he has made I shall
withdraw my objection.
Mr. WALKER. Then I withdraw my prop-
osition to postpone.
Mr. PRATT. I would suggest to Senators
