444,
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-L08E.
Feb. %
Mr. RIDDLE. I will answer the gentleman's
inquiry as far as I am able. In contracting for
lithographing, we are compelled to give the con-
tractor the copper plates made atgreat expense by
the Coast Survey office. The lithographer trans-
fers to ston the impressions from the copper plates
ill the cheapest possible manner. It is not for us
to say hijpv he shall do it, but only to contract for
its being done well and cheaply. A mistake was
made by the gentleman from Kentucky 
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Does not this reso-
lution, giving rise to debate, lie over?
Mr. RIDDLE. The Chairhas already decided
that question. This is a privileged committee,
and can make its report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. RIDDLE. A contract has been entered
into by the Senate with agentleman in New York,
the lithographing to be executed by him under the
■supervision of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey. The Committee on Engraving thought
it proper that a like agreement should be made for
the lithographing of the maps for the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What dispo-
sition is to be made of these lithographs ?
Mr. RIDDLE. They are to accompany the
report, and the report would be useless without
them.
Mr. STEPHENS. What has become of the
engravings which accompany the survey—done
by the electrotyping process?
Mr. RIDDLE. They have merely struck off
a few copies.
Mr. HAMMOND. I will say to the gentleman
from Georgia, that these maps are engraved upon
copper at the office of the Coast Survey. Now,
it is proposed thatthereshallbeanumberof copies
of these maps printed, but it, is not proposed that
they shall be printed from copper-plates, because
it is impossible that within a reasonable time, and
at a reasonable expense, the work can be done in
this manner. The copper-plates are sent oil' to
New York, or some other city, where there is a
lithographing establishment, and impressions from
the copper are to be transferred upon stone.
M r. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is that by order
of the Coast Survey?
Mr. HAMMOND. It is by their order, and
they are executing the work in that way. The
Senate copy is now executed in that way. The
copper plates are in New York, and impressions
from them are transferred to stone, because it is
done a great deal cheaper and more rapidly. As
to the eiectrotypingto which the gentleman refers, ,
if he knows anything about its operations, he !
knows that it is a very expensive operatioitvugd
requires much time.
Mr. STEPHENS. The other day, when a
proposition was made by theCommittee on Print-
ing to print this extra number of the report of the
('oast Survey, the chairman of thecommidee stated !
to the House, that the Coast Survey office could
print these maps at one dollar a set, by the electro-
typing process, and I believe at ninety-two cents.
The gentleman now says that the electrotyping is
very expensive. I beiieve the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey represents it as very cheap. I
have seen them electrotype, and I think it is about
one fifth cheaper than engraving. Why, then,
should we get these coast-survey maps engraved ?
I am not certain that it is not cheaper than the
price I mentioned, but the House has ordered this
large number of extra copies, upon the ground
that we could get them at ninety-three cents a
set. " | ■
Mr. RIDDLE. You may get them much less
by lithographing, rts low as seventy-five cents. |l
Mr. STEPHEN'S. Then I wish to inquire of
the chairman of thecommittee, whether it is their ;
intention to take this map-making out of the Const j
Survey ? ,
Mr. RIDDLE. It has always been taken from
their hands; but they have superintended the ex-
ecution of the work.
Mr. EVANS. I merely wish to say that elec-
trotyping is not engraving or printing. It is a
process of making a copy of the copper-plate It
is not the process for printing at all. It is the
preparation of an engraved plate from another en-
graved plate by the galvanic process.
Mr. STEPHENS. The electrotyping is sim-
ply a reproduction of an engraved plate so as to
prevent the retouch of the plate by the artist.
1 his has been done by a discovery made in the
Coast Survey office. The original copper-plate
first made by the artist is reproduced by a chemi-
cal process. That is electrotyping. Now what I
mean by electrotyping is making prints from the
electrotype of the plate thus produced. What I
wish to know of the Committee on Engraving is,
whether it is the object to have these impressions
made upon a principle different from that the Coast
Survey has now established ?
Mr. HAMMOND. The officers of the Coast
Survey desire this course should be taken. They
desire that these plates shall be lithographed, and
that they shall not be printed from the original
copper-plates, or copper-plates produced by the
process to which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] has alluded. Tney desire this, be-
cause it is a cheaper mode of publishing than
from the copper-plates, or by the process to which
the gentleman has referred. It is a cheaper pro-
cess, because the impression is transferred upon
stone rapidly, whereas it requires a number of
days under the other mode, and a new copper-
plate. 1 do not know that I understand exactly
the point to which the gentleman from Georgia
refers, but if he supposes that it is the object of
the committee to interfere with the duties of the
officers of the Coast Survey, he is mistaken.
Under the rules of the House, the Committee on
Engraving are bound to - report to the House,
whenever maps of any kind are to be published,
whether they be engraved or not. Now I do not
propose to take any course which will not be ad-
visable, and which the officers of the Coast Sur-
vey have not pointed out themselves. Their plates
have actually gone on to New York for the use of
tiie Senate, and they are now transferring from
copper-plates to stone the impressions from which
the maps aie to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to make another
inquiry of the gentleman. Can he infoi m the
House what will be the cost of one of these im-
pressions?
Mr. HAMMOND. A friend near me says it
will not cost exceeding seventy-five cents. I knew
nothing of this resolution until my friend [Mr.
Riddle] showed it to me. The cost is less than
was expected in the debate the other day.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then there is another
question I wish to ask the gentleman. Is it the
object of the Committee on Engraving that some
of these copies of the Coast Survey shall be en-
graved upon steel and others lithographed?
Mr. HAMMOND. It is intended that all shall
be lithographed.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the committee inform
me what the Coast Survey are making so many
of these electrotypes now for?
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not, know that they
are.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 have seen them making
a number of them.
JV1 r. VANS. 1 will answer the gentleman.
The engraved plates of the Coast Survey office
are for the large charts—some of them as large
as a blanket. You do not propose to put these
into a small document. The copper-plate print-
ing requires to be done under a roller, and the
most rapid copper-plate printer can produce only
a very few impressions in a day. The litho-
graphs, however, can be produced in great num-
bers in a day, like the ordinary mode of printing,
and at a much cheaper rate than by the use of
copper-plates. The large electrotypes prepared
in the Coast Survey office are for the great charts.
They take these charts and reduce the size, so
you can get them into a small document.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand from the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] then, that
these lithographs are for one class?
Mr. EVANS. What I meant was this: The
plates prepared for the use of navigators are large
plates printed from copper, and those which are
to be prepared for the document we print fordistri-
bution are outline sketches showing the general
progress of the Coast Survey. They do not show
the _minutiae, and are not intended as a guide to
navigators, but show the great progress of the
survey for the consideration of the House. The
large plates, as the gentleman from Georgia has
seen, enter into the most minute particulars, and
are intended for the practical use of navigators.
Mr. RIDDLE. I will state, for the information
of the gentleman, it is the desire of the Coast
Survey, and the interest of the Government, to
retain or preserve the copper-plates prepared at the
Coast Survey office. If all the impressions are
made from copper-plates, they will be worthless
at the last, whereas in future they may be re-
quired.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have but a word to say
further, and then I will take my seat. It was my
understanding the other day, when the Committee
on Public Printing made their report, that the
Coast Survey intended to make all these maps and
charts by this new process of electrotyping. I
barely wish to know, whether it is their intention
to keep up that process still at an expense to the
Government of 93 cents per copy, and also a con-
tract for lithographing the same? I ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] who seems
to be acquainted with this subject, whether that is
the object?
Mr. SACKETT. I understand that the large
I charts or maps are made for the practical benefit
j of navigators. Now, what is the object and pur-
I pose of these outline maps ? If they do not an-
j swer that purpose, why do we make them ?
| Mr. EVANS. I shall take about ten minutes,
| perhaps not more than five, in answering the in-
! quiries of gentlemen, and in making the proper
I explanation. The maps printed*by the Coast Sur-
! vey are prepared by what is called the electro-
, type process.. And if there is any gentleman here
I who does not understand it, I would advise him
I to go over to the office and look at it, for it is one
| of the most beautiful chemical operations, worthy
j the attention of any intelligent gentleman. These
maps are sold in bookstores from ten cents to forty
cents each. The English Government in the
same way print the Nautical Almanac, which costs
there say two dollars a copy, but which you canpur-
I chase in this country for one dollar. The English
print, moreover, large numbers of charts which are
j sold I believe much beneath cost. These charts', as
j I observed before, are minute to the utmost degree,
j They contain every important position, the loca-
tion of shoals, and directions for entering har-
bors, and all the leading lines, and bearings from
point to point, so that when any navigator arrives
upon the coast, he can make out his position with-
out difficulty.
These charts never have been printed for the
use of Congress, and never ought to be. It would
be an enormous job. They are printed and sold
to navigators by the Government of the United
States. But the report of the Coast Survey con-
tains what we cannot get out of the charts. It
contains a large number of astronomical and geo-
graphical positions; it gives the latitude and longi-
tude of important points; it describes the progress
of the Coast Survey; it tells how the parties have
been engaged; how the work has advanced since
last year; how they have expended the money
; voted to them; and everything which is usually
contained in a report, so as to enable the members
of the House of Representatives to vote intelligi-
! bly on the propositions submitted to them. How-
ever, ill order to illustrate any report which con-
cerns mathematical and geographical positions it
i is of course necessary to accompany the report
1 with maps. Everybody knows that. It is ne-
cessary that the child at school should be taught
I geography by maps. These coast survey reports
[ are a sort of treatises on geography, and they
. therefore require slight sketch maps, which are
j admirable, as far as they extend, but which do
: not extend to the minutis required in the laree
j charts.
j Mr. SA.CKETT. I desire to know if the gen-
j tleman is advocating the doctrine, that under the
; power which we have to furnish such conveni-
ences as the commerce of the country may re-
quire, we can furnish charts and maps to schools
and colleges ?
Mr. EVANS. _ I am doing no such thing; and
if I had been doing it, I might be doing worse
than desiring to bring information home to every
child in the land. 1 venture to say, that the gen-
tleman's own constituents might profit by it, if we
only sent them the New Testament. [A laugh.]
But I was not talking about any such thing. I
was answering the inquiry of the gentleman, who
desired to know why these small charts were fur-
nished. Now, if we were to use the electrotype
plates of the Coast Survey office, and if the maps
were to be prepared from those plates, and bound
up with the report, the expense would be incal-
culable.
