'2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
this House two or three days, and how much
more of the time of the last Congress it is impossi-
ble for me to say, but enough, sir, for the facts in-
volved in it to have become historical. Believing,
as I do, that the committee is as well prepared to
act upon this case at the present time as they
would be at any future period, I move that the
committee rise, m order to offer the usual resolu-
tion to close debate upon this bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will ask my friend
[Mr. Harris] to withdraw that motion, and I will
renew it in fifteen minutes. I ask it for this reason:
The question is upon the amendment which I
offered, and I have had no opportunity to make an
explanation of it.
Mr. HARRIS. I will give the gentleman fif-
teen minutes in the resolution I propose to offer,
if the committee shall rise.
The question was taken on the motion to rise,
and it was agreed to; there being, upon a division,
ayes 50, noes 27.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Hib-
bard) reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had, according to order, the Private
Calendar under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 168, to indemnify David Myerle
for expenses and sacrifice incurred in testing the
practicability of procuring water-rotted hemp for
the use of the Navy.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move the usual
resolution to terminate debate in Committee of the
Whole on House bill No. 168, in fifteen minutes
after its consideration shall be again resumed.
The question was put upon the adoption of the
resolution, and, upon a division, there were—ayes
74, noes 18; no quorum.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn*, there being, upon a division—ayes
26, noes 61.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that there be a call of
the House, and upon that motion demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Moi.ony were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion that
there be a call of the House was disagreed to—the
tellers having reported—ayes 18, noes 101.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to strike
out fifteen minutes, and in its stead to insert one
hour.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was d sagieed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
The call for the "previous question was sus-
tained, and the main question was ordered to be
put.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was adopted.
The House again resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole
Mr. I>RKC,/C 1NR1DGE. Mr. Chairman, the
bill before the committee proposes to pay David
Myerle >30,000 to indemnify him for the expense
and sacrifice incurred in testing the practicability
of procuring American water-rotted hemp for the
use of the Navy. The amendment which I pro-
pose requires the sum to be retained by the Secre-
uiy of the Treasury until it shall be decided be-
fine a couit of justice whether Montmullen &
Cornwall have a hen on the whole or any portion
of this sum; providing at the same time, for the
benefit of Myerle, that the suit shall be commenced
within ninety days after the passage of this bill.
That is the present posture of the question before
the committee. 1 shall content myself, sir, with a
summary statement, leaving to the gentleman who
reported the hill the general argument in favor of
the claim of Myerle. My object is to show that
my amendment ought to be adopted. I shall con-
fine my<elf to that, without arguing the <:eneral
ment>" of the bill. Now, sir, it may be !• jhl, and
said truly, that in ordinary contracts between the
Government and fin individual, the Go*, - rnment
will not allow a third [tarty to come in nod inter-
fere, but will f^eMle Us own contract with tiie indi-
vidual, and leave the third party to his ordinary
remedies after th^ money is paid over. That is
generally true, but the present case is an exception
to that general principle. This was not an ordi- |
nary contract between Myerle and the Govern- !
ment, as I shall proceed to show by the report of ^
the committee itself. It is stated m that report— ;
i( That the great and leading national object was, by the
patronage ot the Government, and ttie success of the ex- ,
peiimcnt to be made by the nicmoriah&t undei that pation- j
age, to establish tiie practicability and safety of the water- j
rotting process in our own country, and tlius provide for the :
supply of our own Navy and merchant shipping with an !
Ameucan article equal to the foreign."
They go on to say that— I
((This extension of the contract by Mr. Paulding, before '
any part of the two hundred tons had bepn delivered, \
(though the period of the delivery of the whole had passed,) j
shows, as the committee believe, that the contiaet entered '
into with the memorialist was not considered by the tfee- j
rotary as an oidiuary one, nor the relations existing be- j
tween the memorialist and the Government tho e existing '
between it and ordinary conuactoi.^." |
Again: i
« fn conclusion, the committee believe, theiefore, that
whatever doubts may be entertained a«. to the sanet legal
light of the memoiia'hstto the relief which he pia>s,fouuded
upon the breach of'ln* contract by the rejection of his hemp, 1
in violation of tiie piomises and inducement held out to him j
by the riecretaiy oi tiie Navy, he has a welHounded claim,
both in justice and equity, lor his looses and saeruices m 1
behalt oi the Government and country; and that, uidepend- ,
I ent of this, he ha* Mrong elaim-s upon that country a^ a j
public benefactor, winch ought not to be disregarded, and j
which entitle him to lehet out oi the common Ticasany ot
the nation, whose commerce, agncultuie, and manuiae- |
tares have heeu equally benefited by his eveitions and .
individual sacrifices—sacrmce* which ought to Le home by
all those benefited thereby, lather than by the individual
who made and has been mined by mom. The commit- ^
tee, therefore, believe that this is a ca<e in which a full •
and even libeial measure of relief is required, both by public !
justice and sound public policy. They therefore report a !
bill," :
That puts it upon the true ground. They con-
sider there is an equity on the part of Myerle for ;
compensation for his losses incurred m experi- '
menting with reference to the practicability of I
getting American water-rotted hemp. It is a case .
in equity to be administered by this House or by ;
I some authority to which it shall delegate it. Now, 1
| sir, if the United States want to pay for any ;
j money expended and any saciifices in experiment- ;
j mg upon the practicability of obtaining water- ,
: rotted hemp, those who really incurred the loss
i and really paid the money in equity, are entitled
to be reimbursed by the Government. That is the 1
question. In other words, the basis upon which ,
this report is founded is, that Mr. Myerle has not '
I only given his personal attention, but has expend-
) ed his funds in making an experiment to the ad-
: vantage of the Government; and that upon prin- 1
ciples~of general justice and equity he ought to be
reimbursed his losses. That being the basis of ■
the report, I «ay that the money having been ex-
pended, and the losses incurred m the main by the
gentlemen who are provided for by my amend-
ment, the equity which Mr. Myerle claims against ;
the Government is their equity, and the extent of ^
their losses, and ought to be provided for by this
committee, and by this House. Otherwise, they
get nothing at any time under any circumstances,
because it is admitted that now Mr. Myerle is in- '
i solvent, whatever may have been Jus condition !
I heretofore, lie Jiimself, after first admitting his
! obligations to Montmulien & Cornwall, I regret to ,
' say, in his recent publication addressed to mem-
bers of the House, repudiates altogether his pe- '
' cuniary obligations to them. My fuend from
' Virginia, expressed his surprise, some tune ago, :
, when this matter was up, when I told him Myerle
i had given Montmullen & Cornwall a lien upon
1 this hemp; but by a publication of Mr. Myerb,
1 which came into my hands lately, f discover the
contract, which, i presume, is set foith correctly, 1
. in which a hen is given to them upon the hemp.
Mr. Myeile, when he made the anangement with
the Government, went out t-> the Commonwealth
of Kentucky and came into my district, the
largest hemp-growing district m the United States,
.mi made on arrangement with Monrmullen &
Cornwall, who advanced lum money for the pur-
i chase of hemp with winch these experiments were
to be made; the hemp,asso-m a*? ivadyand broken
out, was to be shipped and held by them in their
rrmie* until then-claim^ or liaailitie^ foi indorse-
ment should be satisfied. e., tS.c. They accord-
ingly furnished the money. The hemp was rotted,
broken oi-t, T-id nreonrH i*>r i'"*- n *s. of rheGnv-
h*
d \r
ciViYipnt, the f-vpendiMr?
gentleman named m t'-nii amendment.
I ho\enof. time—I am so limits—to say any-
thing about, the chaiacter of the contiaet alluded
to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Florence.] He says that they charged Mr. My-
erle usurious interest, and that the profits which
they were to make out of the arrangement would
have been great if the hemp had been accepted. I
know nothing about that—I care nothing about
that. That was the arrangement between the par-
ties, and as it was but an experiment, I presume
that both parties expected, if successful, to make
laige profits. The hemp was taken to Boston and
rejected—some thirty or forty tons of it, I believe—
the exact amount I do notknow. The hemp being
rejected, and Myerle being insolvent, Montmullen
& Cornwall took the hemp to New Orleans, (but
not in violation of the'r contract with Myerle,)
converted it into bale ropes, and I have been in-
formed that the color of the hemp being different
from the dew-rotted hemp, and new to the mer-
chants, they took alarm, and it could not be sold
for its true value—though the color was a proof of
its excellence. The result was, that a heavy loss
was sustained all around. Mr. Myerle determined
to apply to Congress for relief; and it is said that
his agent called upon Montmullen & Cornwall for
a statement of their loss, but they refused to fur-
nish it to him unless they could get an equal set-
tlement. Every business man knows that they
should not have furnished Mr. Myerle with their
statement to enable lum to take it as the basis of
action, and then make out his own account against
them. They declined to do it. Now, it may be
said, if Mr. Myerle obtains this money, that he
will settle upon equitable terms with these gentle-
men. I regret to say that there is no hope of it,
because, though Mr. Myerle admits that they fur-
nished the money to buy the hemp, he asserts, in
a recent publication which he has laid upon the
tables of members, that he is under no pecuniary
obligation to them whatever, although by his own
admission, in another part of the same paper, he
offered them terms of compromise. Then, m the
same paper, towards the conclusion, he declares
that he does not owe them a dollar, because they
had charged him a large exchange and usurious
interest. But whatever they may have charged,
they got neither principal, interest, nor exchange
from him, and the small sum realized for the hemp
did not pay a tithe of the losses. In a more recent
publication laid upon the tables of members, he
says:
If in truth any loss was sustained by them, it was but
the lesult of their own wrongful act, and therefore I should
not be held responsible for it."
He has thus given distinct notice that he does
not intend to pay them a cent, and you will there-
fore appropriate, if you pass the bill without my
amendment, §30,000 for the purpose of paying-
losses which were incurred by them, which will
go into the pockct of Mr. Myerle. The facts and
details cannot be tried by this House, and the
committee will see in a moment the propriety, if
there be any color of equity in the amendment I
have offered, of allowing a court to adjudicate
between these men and Mr. Myerle, and settle
the case upon the principles of law and equity.
If they have a lien upon equitable principles under
their contract, let them have it. If not, they will
have to go out of the court. As my time has so
nearly expired I will not elaborate the argument.
I believe I have stated the substance of the claim.
As to the claim of Mr. Myerle for compensation
at ali, or of anybody for compensation, I will say
this: I have looked into the papers, and I believe
that Mr. Myerle was induced by the Secretary of
the Navy to undertake experiments for the benefit
of the Government, in which great losses have
been suffered. 1 have no doubt that those experi-
ments conduced, in a great degree, to give an im-
pulse to the preparation of water-rotted American
hemp, and now, in point of fact, the American
Navy is supplied for the most part at home in-
stead of from abroad. I consider that the experi-
ments imde tinder Mr. ?v3yerle5s direction have
given an impulse to the preparation of that kind
of hemp which Iris provided our Navy with all
that it requires at home, instead of 2oing abroad
n r it. 1 will yield the floor upon this statement,
with the expression of the hope that whatever the
committee may do with tin* original bill they will
.•f least adopt n;y amendment.
Mr. -T ANTON, i,f Ohio, f wiwli to n?k the
gentlern.ui from Kentucky a question. Wline i:;
the necessity for the amendment you propose ; [
do not understand why the agent of those who
