1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
445
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I will remind him, and
particularly the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] of a fact. It was stated intnedebate
on a former day that the maps for each one of
these copies would cost ninety-two cents, and it
now appears that they will cost only seventy-five
cents. The House, in adopting the former reso-
lution, virtually adopted this one, although they
believed the work would cost more.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Did not similar
maps accompany the report of the last year?
Mr. EVANS. Certainly; and for every former
year. It is not a new proposition. Ever since
Mr. Hassler took charge of the Coast Survey,
and during the whole time it has been under the
charge of Mr. Bache, maps have always accom-
panied the report, and they are indispensably ne-
cessary to elucidate it. We have been in the
. habit for many years past of printing the journals
of officers who have traversed the western coun-
try—California ana New Mexico, and of accom-
panying them not only with maps and charts, but
with yiews and likenesses of Indians, got up at
an enormous expense, and not at all necessary to
the elucidation of the works. I am confident that
if gentlemen will look into the matter, they will
find that these maps are indispensably necessary.
They are not put in for show, for they are not
showy maps at all. Nor are they put in to show
how deeply scientific they are; that is done in the
large maps; they arc merely for the elucidation of
the report.
Now, I wish to say a word to the House in re-
gard to the way in which these surveys are made.
I see a gentleman before me who knows per-
fectly well how things are done, and who will cor-
rect me if lam in error. I mean the gentleman
from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle,] whom I have
known for a long time, and who is well acquainted
with the process. In making marine surveys, the
earth is regarded as a flat surface—a plane, but
everybody knows that it is not so; and therefore,
in making geodetical surveys it is necessary to
take the rotundity of the earth into account. In
carrying on the coast survey of the United States,
in the first place, the whole country is divided
into certain triangles. A great deal of care is re-
quiredHo present those triangles properly. No
single angle of a triangle must be too obtuse, none
too acute. They should be as nearly as possible
equilateral. These triangles are then plotted down
on one of these charts, and as every angular point
of eveiy triangle is an absolute, correctly ascertain-
ed position in the country, if any gentleman has
one in his district,he has an absolute position ascer-
tained there with reference to every other part of
the earth's surface. These charts will be highly
useful to persons preparing maps of counties, as
they show what their geographical position is with
regard to other places. r!These small maps, which
can be lithographed at very slight expense, contain
a great deaf of very valuable geographical inform-
ation necessary to the elucidation of the report
and to enable Congress to understand it.
There is this difficulty about electrotyping, that I
the printing from copper plates requires to be done
by a peculiar press with rollers. Each plate re- j
quires to be carefully arranged. It requires skill i
in the operator, and only a few copies can be i
struck off in the course of a day. But where you I
use lithographic plates, you can use an ordinaly
press. It is the same difference as that between
copper-plates and wood-cuts. The wood-cuts are
easily done, because they are inserted amongst
the types; but if you have copper-plates, it must
all be done by rollers, and therefore, if the Coast
Survey office undertake to use copper-plates in-
stead of lithography, it will subject the House to
very great expense.
These plates are necessary for the elucidation
of the report. They ought not to be copper plates
on the large scale, because they would be too mi-
nute for that purpose, and would cost too much;
they ought not to be copper-plates on the small
scale, because of the difficulty of printing; but
they ought to be lithographed, because that can
be done with the usual press-work, and is, at any
rate, much cheaper.
In conclusion, let me say that, as was suggested
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. puller,]
this is 110 new thing introduced to inveigle Con-
gress, but an old-established thing; and further,
as was stated by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] the maps in each copy of the
report will cost "only seventy-five cents, instead of
ninety-two cents, as was supposed wlien the sub-
ject was last before the House.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to ask my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] one question in relation to
this engraving. I find,on examination, that there
is a large number of maps in the document room
connected with the Coast Survey. 1 wish to know
whether they are the same with those which it is
proposed to engrave ? I will send some specimens
to the gentleman from Maryland, so that he may
be able to answer my interrogatory.
Mr. EVANS. They are not. The maps to
which the gentleman has called my attention
were not prepared bv the Coast Survey office at
all.
Mr. FICKLIN. Who were they prepared by,
then}
Mr. EVANS. I think they were prepared
under the direction of the Navy Department.
When these come to be compared with those
which we now propose to publish, I think there
will be found some difference. I am a judge of
maps.
Mr. FICKLIN. In looking over the document
room I found some two-horse wagon loads of
maps there of this species.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the gentleman will let
me keep the maps he has sent to me. I hope he
intended to send them to me as a present.
Mr. VKNABLE. The charts which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] has presented
here, are nautical charts, and are very unsatisfac-
tory. Those which we propose to publish are
geodetic charts, which, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] has informed us, make
allowance for-the shape of the earth, which is
spheroidical. Nautical charts were prepared by
order of the Government as far back as 1S05, but
they are delusive. They are not accurate, because,
not being constructed upon the actual spheroidical
shape of the earth, each detached map may be
accurate, but when placed by others do not fit—
one overlaps the other, and the channels are not
therefore correctly marked with reference to one
another. These maps are made with reference
to the triangulation of which my friend from Ma-
ryland speaks. The larger and smaller triangula-
tion piesent to you the precise shape of our coast
over the whole extent where the surveys have
been completed. Now, it does seem extraordi-
nary that any difficulty should be raised upon
i this subject. Look at the whole of our Pacific,
I as well as our Atlantic coast! These charts are
i prepared by a corps of the most accomplished
! scholars, comprising practical engineers—gentle-
men educated ill the Navy—gentlemen skilled in
the science of hydrography—gentlemen educated
at West Point—gentlemen skilled in the science
of topography—all of them men of the highest
a'tainments, who have been employed for a long
time on our coast, and are in every respect quali-
fied for the execution of a work demanding the
highest scientific attainments. And the charts
which they have constructed from their own obser-
' vations are complete and accurate. The nautical
charts which have been heretofore constructed are
very inaccurate upon the most important p.oints,
while in a geodetic chart showing the ti'iangula-
tion, the hydrography, and the topography of the
coast gives it absolute certainty, as to the locality
of the channel in every point, and every citcumn
I stance connected with it; and as the gentleman
| from Maryland has remarked, with the aid of-
j those charts any navigator can enter any one of
I our ports with safety, without any other aid.
i Mr. FICKLIN. In reply to the request of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] that I would
present to him the maps which I sent him a mo-
ment ago, 1 beg leave to say, thatl will give them
to him with all my heart; and if he wants more,
he can have two horse wagon loads by going up
to the document room.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman what right he has to give them away ?
Mr. FICKLIN. Why, by going up there,
and selecting them, and having them brought down
here.
Mr. EVANS. That is no right at all.
Mr. FICKLIN. I hold them by possession;
and, as a gentleman near me suggests, by the
right of discovery too. [A laugh.]
While up, I wish to say to my friend from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venaele,] who, I am glad
to see, is engaged in this subject, that a few days
ago, when this subject was under discussion, he
was eloquent and ardent in showing the necessity
of these maps and charts. I did not then have
the opportunity of showing him that in the docu-
ment room a great number of these maps may be
found 111 relation to Ins own State; that there is a
sufficient number in regard to Cape Fear to have
supplied his constituents with all the information
they require, if they are correct, so that no navi-
gator need have any fear in entering Cape Fear.
[A laugh.]
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman allow
me to say, that if he will look at these charts—for
I have looked at them not casually, but 1 have
examined them closely—he will find that the pres-
ent observations were made by the Coast Survey,
and the present charts supply all that is wanting ;
while lie will find that the mere nautical ones,
being based upon the supposition that the earth is
flat, are of very little use, because inaccurate in
this : suppose a nautical chart of Norfolk harbor
be made, and the one of some harbor on the coast
of North Carolina at eighty or a hundred miles,
distant, he must perceive that no reference being
had to the spheroidic shape'of the earth, they must
be inaccurate in relation to each other. They
were nautical surveys and entiiely distinct from
the system of observations token by the Coast
Survey. And that survey which he has given me,
as far as the coast of North Carolina was con-
cerned, was far from being a complete one. They
surve yed Cape Fear, but they did not survejr the
whole coast. It is the misfortune of North Caro-
lina that her coast is one of the most dangerous
in the United States, and much more so formerly
than now, because of the want of such observa-
tions as are now in progress. But little has been
expended on that coast, whilst the bounties of the
Treasury have been poured out with a liberal hand
011 the Northern Atlantic and Lake coasts of the
tfhited States, with channels ascertained and
SX !' shoals"niarked'by hghts which shine like stars on
flat the dark waters, yes, sir,
coast has been neglected, and the penis of navi
gation greatly increased. The progress of the
coast survey olt North Carolina, conducted by
' the distinguished Superintendent and his accom-
i plished assistants, have m a great measure re-
' moved the difficulty, and pointed out the channels
1 which render navigation practicable and safe.
and inac,,urate. Now, every gentl
knows that the effect of mistaking a few feet one
side or the other of a channel may be the loss of
the vessel and all it contains. But these charts
give every point with such accuracy that there can
be no mistake, and in the absence even of a pilot
may give the means of a safe approach to a har-
bor.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Since Congress
The engineers employed in the Coast Survey at
Mr. FULLiEXi, ot Maine, oiiice ^on?re« ' feted the whole const from
have ordered six thousand copies of those charts to , P> e^nt hav P ,lle work is in prog-
be printed I have received two letters from gentle
men of arreat experience, saying that the use of n
those charts would enable them to enter any port |
covered by them, without the aid of a pilot, they o
were so accurate. ;
Mr. VENABLE. There is no question about ,
it, as I have before remarked; it is reduced to a j.
demonstrative certainty. It is a mathematical as- '
certainment of the locality of a channel, and the
charts being constructed with reference to the shape ,
of the earth, there can be no mistake as to then-
accuracy. If you will consult a mannei any :
! mau skillful in the business of sea-faring life, he
will tell you that mere nautical charts are often |
Cape Fear to Charleston, and the work is m prog-
ress, and along the coast of Georgia. They have
published a portion of these charts. But I will
say to my friend,in older that he may have some
idea of the value of this work, that the knowledge
heretofore possessed of this coast was so imper-
feet and so unsatisfactory, that it was impossible to
get a vessel insured at any reasonable rate which
Was bound for this coast; but since the work has
been completed under theSupenntendent of the
Coast Survey, these difficulties have been re-
moved in a great measure, and insurance can
easily be effected. The difficulties upon the shore
of North Carolina have been so fer reroo
