1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. BELL- I have the matter in my own rec-
ollection, and I think the public documents will be
found to contain it.
Mr. CASS. At that time I had a considerable
shar6 in the responsibility of this measure; and I
venture to say, from my recollection of the mat-
ter though my attention has not been recently
called to it—that the Senator will find himself mis-
taken. I venture to say that the treaty will show
express provisions to the contrary.
Mr. BELL. What I stated was in accordance
with what the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clem-
ens] had stated in his argument. It was because
they permitted these large reservations to be taken,
and yet permitted them to be sold, and purchasers
to go and occupy them before the Indians had been
removed. That was the cause of the difficulties
between the Indians and the white settlers, in the
first place. And the Government was warned be-
forehand in regard to the results of that course.
I did not remember that the honorable Senator
from Michigan was at the head of the "War De-
partment at that period, and I will do him the jus-
tice to say that I cannot charge that policy upon
him. I will-not undertake to state that that hon-
orable gentleman advocated that policy in the
Cabinet of which he was a member. I only say
it was the policy of the Government at that pe-
riod, and that policy was to starve the Indians
into an emigration.
Mr. CASS, Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him? I wish to state that this is a trans-
action which occurred many years ago, and of
course I have an indistinct recollection in regard
to it. This T recollect, that I made the treaty, in
which I was aided by one of the purest men in the
country, the predecessor of the Senator from Ten-
nessee in this House, Judge White, of Tennessee,
who from the beginning to the end acted upon it.
The Government was disposed to extinguish the
Indian title in those States, and they wished the
Indians to go; and every man who knows what
was the condition of the Indians then, knows that
they must have gone. The Indians were unwill-
ing to go. The pressure upon the General Gov-
ernment, however, was immense to have the coun-
try opened to the white settlers. We could not
sweep them all off at once, we could only remove
a portion of them at a time, as we had done in
other cases.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to state, as the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has said it was
the policy of the Government to starve out the In-
dians, and as I had said the same thing, what was
my authority for saying so.
4<Mr. Balch, a Government commissioner, appointed by
the President to investigate the causesthatled to the Indian
hostilities in 1836, reported that, m the latter part of the
year 183-1, tho Cre«k« smfTerod for the want of food; that
in 183.5 thev were reduced to a state little short of starva-
tion ; but. he said,1 it \va* contrary to the policy of the Gov-
ernment to supply thorn with food, as tlu" aot of benevo-
lence would have retarded emigration.'—He. Doc.,
sess. Qith Cans;.} No. 154, p. 157.
Mr. CASS. May I inquire when that docu-
ment was dated ?
Mr. CLEMENS. It is a document of the sec-
ond session of the Twenty-fourth Congress.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say a single word.
Mr. BELL, Does the Senator wish me to yield
the floor?
Mr. CASS. Only for a few moments. I wish
to say that Mr. Balch, as a commissioner, says
what he had no right to say. It was after my
time; but I know that, at no time, had he any au-
thority to say, in giving a reason for these diffi-
culties, that any Government that ever had the
authority in the United States, desired to starve
th^Indians, with a view to compel them to remove.
Mr. BELL. Not to starve them absolutely, but
not to give them supplies.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say that, as I have
long lived among the Indians, and have known their
habits, there is no portion of this country in which
there are Indians where there is not great suffering
among them; and, in the northern part of the
country, there is no winter passes in which a con-
siderable number of them do not die from starva-
tion. It will never do to think of supplying their
wants, by any appropriations we can make. It
would actually seem that they do not know or care '
for what to-morrow may bring forth; and it is no
imputation upon the humanity of any Government,
that they did not establish depots throughout the 1
country, with a view to ask our starving Indians !
to come to them to be fed. There is not a gentle-
man on this floor who does not know that. It is
deeply to be regretted; but the question is, what
is the remedy to be applied? Not that remedy,
most assuredly. That will do no good, either to
them or to us.
But with respect to Mr. Balch, allow me to say
that he never had the slightest authority to make
such an annunciation as to the.action of any Amer-
ican Government. But 1 repeat that it was after
my time, and I am not responsible for it; yet, un-
der whatever Administration this occurred, I dis-
avow the sentiment.
Mr. BELL. I think the Senator is trying to
escape from the point which is urged with reference
to the validity of this claim.
Mr. CASS. 1 did not say a word on that sub-
ject.
Mr. BELL. Well, sir, whatever may have
been the policy of the General Government, ^and I
am willing to admit that it has often been humane
and liberal,) it cannot be denied that the Govern-
ment was warned, that unless these Indians were
supplied with provisions, or an adequate r^ilitary
force was stationed in that section ot the country,
these evils would result. Now, the honorable
Senator from Michigan may draw what conclu-
sion he pleases; but one great point on which we
rely, is, that the Government was forewarned. I do
not know on what authority Commissioner Balch
made this statement, but that was the report, and
it was not disavowed by the Government at the
time. There may be better authority than that of
Mr. Balch. I believe there is, and that it will be
found in the document referred to. The Govern-
ment certainly refused either to supply the means
of subsistence to these Indians, or to furnish a
competent force to suppress these outrages. And
what escape is thefe from ifc* The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan says, that such a treaty was
made, and that they had not reserved the power
to coerce the Indians, after they had made their
reservations. The policy of the Government was
to get the Indians out of the country. They made
a treaty—the best one perhaps which they could
make, under the circumstances; and one of the pro-
visions of that treaty allowed the Indians to make
reservations which were to be sold under regula-
tions to be prescribed by the General Government,
and they retained no power to coerce their removal
under the conditions of the sale of these reserva-
tions.
From the year 1830 to the year 1834—the time
when these settlements were taking place, and
while these reservations were being made—the set-
tlers perceived what would be the consequences
unless the Indians were removed; and when they
found that the condition of the Indians was such
as to threaten these depredations, they warned
the Government, in such a manner as should
have received attention, that, unless the Indians
were furnished with provisions, their destitute
condition would impel them to commit these dep-
redations, or that, if they did not supply them
with the means of subsistence, they ought to sta-
tion a suitable military force in that section to re-
pel the depredations to which they were exposed.
The Government then sanctioned the principle of
coercing their removal, not by starving them actu-
ally to death, but by causing them to feel that their
true resources,and theirvery subsistence depended
upon their removal to the west of the Mississippi.
Things continued in that condition from 1834 to
3836, when the depredations commenced; and, as
the honorable Senator from Alabama has stated,
not one fifth of the Creek Indians were engaged
in it. It was a matter to be inquired into by the
commissioners appointed by the Executive Gov-
ernment, what proportion of these tribes took part
in these depredations upon the property of these
petitioners. That was one of the purposes for
which the commission was instituted, and one on
which they reported.
I Gay, then, Mr. President, that it was not only
no public war, in the sense in which that term is
used in regard to the laws of nations and the trea-
tises which treat of the laws of war or the laws of
nations, with respect to foreign wars in regard to
depredations by a foreign enemy upon the prop-
erty of citizens—not only is it no such war, but
I hold that these depredations were provoked by
what was the unfortunate policy of the Govern-
ment in regard to the Creek Indians who held res-
ervations and who refused to remove. They
held starvation over them as a rod to compel them
to emigrate beyond the Mississippi.
I think that if the General Government had
provoked a general war, they would have owed
an indemnity to citizens who suffered by it, affd
that they should pay for these depredations. In-
dividuals were encouraged, and recommended to-
go in and settle among these Indians, by the Gov-
ernment itself; and what we propose now is, only
to pay one fourth part of the entire amount of
damages which they claimed, and which they
seem to have proved before the commissioners—I
mean the consequential damages from being co-
erced from their farms, and being compelled to
fly for their lives, leaving not only their farms,
but their cattle and household goods.
I commenced stating some reasons to the Sen-
ator from Virginia why this is a proper occasion
to act upon this appropriation. If we leave it till
the general appropriation bill comes up, it will
from necessity be passed over to the next Con-
gress. We know from long experience that the
general appropriation bills are the last that are
taken up. You may remember that at the last
session of Congress it was at the last hour at'
which Congress, under the Constitution, could sit,
that those bills were brought here, and some ques-
tion was likely to arise whether the acts passed
at that time were passed constitutionally. I be-
lieve they did not pass until the morning of the
fourth, instead of the third of March. So it will
be again, and so I think it is destined to be so long
as this Government stands.
There must be some intermediate period when
Congress has more leisure and more disposition
and opportunity to examine claims of this kind,
if they are to be settled with due deliberation.
This deficiency bill offers the most suitable occa-
sion that can arise foe that purpose. I consider
that this is fully verified from past experience.
The only discussion we are likely to have, is upon
this deficiency bill, for if it is put over to the close
of the session, it will be all we can do to pass the
ordinary appropriations for the maintenance of
the General Government. It is for that reason,
that unless those who are interested in the propo-
sition, request me to withdraw it, I must continue
to press it.
Mr. RUSK. I regard these claims—although
part of the facts have escaped me, having investi-
gated it some years ago—as being as just as any
that could come before Congress. The intercourse
laws of the United States did not extend to the
States of Georgia and Alabama; if they had, these
claims would have been paid long since. A bill
was passed by the Senate, after a full investiga-
tion of all the facts, so as to extend the full au-
thority of the intercourse laws of the United States
to the time when the depredations were committed
by these Indians. It was passed by the Senate,
but was lost in the House of Representatives. It
was passed by the Senate, after a full investiga-
tion of all the facts connected with the case.
The depredations were committed by the In-
dians, not during a state of war, but in a mere
outbreak of a portion of the tribe, and were com-
mitted on the citizens of Georgia and Alabama.
Most of these people were very poor, and they
suffered the loss of their cattle and corn by the
spoliations of the Indians, whilst some of their
property was taken from them by the troops who
were sent out to suppress the disturbances. I do
not think any argument can be based on the
causes which led to these depredations, in oppo-
sition to the claims of these people for remunera-
tion from the Treasury of the United States. It
is said that the policy of the Administration may
have led the Indians to make these depredations,
if so, it makes the claim stronger. But whatever
that policy might be, if the intercourse law which
was applied everywhere else had applied to the
States of Georgia and Alabama, these would
have been just claims, and would have been
settled by that law. They have, besides, been
thoroughly investigated, and estimates have been
reported by the Commissioners appointed by
the Government. The most of them, I believe,
have been made by people in indigent circum-
stances, who lost their property years ago, with-
out any fault on their part, and claim indemnity
on a principle applied to every other State where
you have Indians. Under these circumstances, it
seems to me a just claim; and, so far from reject-
ing it from this deficiency bill, so far from there
