1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2223
you how he did it. He came up into my district in
the year 1842, and represented that he was a Navy
agent, and was authorized by the Government
to purchase hemp to supply the Navy. I believe,
however, that he denies that he came there him-
self, but that somebody else came there in his
name, and told the people in certain publications
that he was a Navy agent, and that if they would
water-rot their hemp, he would give them seven
or eight dollars per hundred. Upon that induce-
ment and encouragement—for let it be remem-
bered that they had never before adopted that
mode of rotting hemp in Missouri, nor had Mr.
Myerle ever had a hemp-rotting establishment in
that State, if my information is correct—upon that
sort of inducement, my constituents went into the
business of water-rotting hemp; not because David
Myerle had commenced it, but because he told
them they would get eight dollars a hundred for
that article. They prepared it for Myerle, and
lo and behold ! there was no David Myerle to
come there for it and to pay for it. It turned out
a misrepresentation. It turned out that my con-
stituents were induced to spend their money upon
a false representation, and they were obliged to
throw their hemp into market at three or four
dollars a hundred. That is the way heintroduced
water-rotted hemp into my country, and if the
committee think that that sort of process is entitled
to a remuneration of thirty or forty thousand
dollars, in God's name pass the bill.
But it appears to me, that if the introduction of
water-rotted hemp into the United States is to be
remunerated, the proper people to remunerate are
the farmers of Upper Missouri who, upon the mis-
representation of Myerle, went into it, believing
they could get eight dollars a hundred for their
hemp.
Now, in regard to the other point—that this
hemp was improperly rejected by the commis-
sioners of Boston. What evidence have you of
that fact? You have Myerle's statement; you
have the opinion of my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock;] you have the opinion of my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.] You have the opin-
ion of those three gentlemen that the commis-
sioners of Boston were dishonest, and this, too,
without a particle of evidence, so far as I can see.
And upon that supposition of theirs, induced by
friendship for Myerle, you are asked to appropri-
ate $40,000.
Mr. BOCOCK. I know nothing of Mr. My-
erle.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman says he knows
nothing of Mr. Myerle; but he seems to think
Myerle is an injured man.
Mr. BOCOCK. Did I ever say anything about
Mr. Myerle personally?
Mr. HALL. Well, sir, I haveonly this to say,
that all the facts of this case taken together, ap-
pear to me to show, that this hemp was not good
water-rotted hemp. Now, what does the value of
hemp depend upon ? Not merely upon strength.
Gentlemen whoknow anything about hemp, know
that hemp not rotted at all, is stronger than rotted
hemp; but it will not sell for anything in the mar-
ket, because it is in such a condition that it will
not last, when exposed to weather. It is not the
strength of hemp alone that makes hemp good. It
depends upon the color; it depends upon the clean-
liness; upon the amount of tow in it; and upon its
strength; upon the character of the staple, and
many other things. All these taken together make
good hemp.
Now, sir, this hemp of Myerle's was presented
to these commissioners, who so far as I can as-
certain were honest and capable and faithful men.
It was presented to them, and they rejected it.
And what was done with it? Water-rotted hemp
■was selling at that time for $200 a ton or more in
the market, and the contract with Myerle was
for $300 per ton. Did the persons who had
charge of Myerle's hemp after its rejection, sell
this hemp for water-rotted hemp? Did they throw
it into the market at high figures ? No, sir, they
treated it as dew-rotted hemp, and tried to sell it
at the price that such hemp was bringing. Do
you suppose that Montmullen & Cornwall, (for
they had charge of the hemp,) admitted to be busi-
ness men, if this hemp had been valuable, and
water-rotted hemp, would have sold it for $80 or
§90 a ton, when they could have got $240 in the
market? Does not the fact that they treated it as
dew-rotted hemp after its rejection, prove that it
was not of the quality to sell for water-rotted
hemp ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish
to call the attention of the committee to the
arguments made against this claim. What has
this gentleman said in answer to my remarks ? • I
will first revert to the last position he has taken
here, and it is that the only proof we adduced that
this hemp was improperly rejected by the com-
missioners, was the testimony of Myerle himself,
the opinion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] and my own opinion, and he intimated
that such opinion sprung from some personal
friendship for Myerle. I distinctly stated that
Mr. Paulding, the then Secretary of the Navy,
said that it was improperly rejected; I distinctly
stated that one of the commissioners believed, as
is proved here, that it was improperly rejected,
and I distinctly stated that the men who used it
came forward and testified that it was as good
hemp as was ever used in the service. And, sir,
he meets such testimony as that, by saying that
my opinion springs from personal friendship for
David Myerle.
And what testimony does he bring forward
when he comes to tell us about Myerle's opera-
tions in Missouri ? Is there anything in these pa-
pers to sustain the facts which he brings forward ?
Not one single letter of testimony. It is all the
declarations of the Hon. Mr. Hall, of Missouri.
Sir, here is the testimony in the case, upon
which I ask the committee to rely. I do not ask
them to rely upon my declaration, and above all,
I do not ask the committee to rely upon his dec-
laration. Somehow there has been a prejudice
against this man Myerle, from the State of Mis-
souri, but confined, I believe, to the great ex-Sen-
ator [Mr. Benton] lately elected to this House
from the city of St. Louis, and the gentleman
himself, [Mr. Hall.] I should like to know
when Mr. Myerle went there as the gentleman
says, by some agent, to deceive his constituents,
whether he was one of the deceived? Did he lose
a little from his pocket? Do all his tears flow
from thence?
Here is the testimony in the case, and among
the letters we find one from Hon. James H. Relfe
and John Jameson, of Missouri, both recently
Representatives upon this floor from the State of
Missouri. I will read them.
Honorables James H. Relfe and John Jameson,
of Missouri, says:
" It is an important matter to the Missouri farmers, arid
would become one of the staple articles of the State ; but
that until Mr. Myerle came among them they had done but
little in its cultivation, and it was owing to Ins exertions that
the farmers were turning their attention to it; that through
him many who had never thought of cultivating and pre-
paring hemp for market, had been induced to do it."
Another letter from William C. Anderson, of
St. Louis, Missouri, to the Hon. James Farran,
M. C., Cincinnati, Ohio, says:
" Mr. Myeile has been largely concerned, at the instiga-
tion of the Government,in the cultivation of hemp in the
West, in which ho has expended a large amount of money,
time, and labor, and for which he lias received no remu-
neration. He is a highly honorable gentleman, and a warm
friend and patriot."
There are many other letters of a similar char-
acter going to show, as the whole history of the
case snows, that David Myerle was the man who
first proved to the farmers of the country that
water-rotting hemp was practicable, and could be
profitably engaged in.
But the gentleman very'ingeniously distorts our
position in a manner somewhat calculated to im-
pose upon those who have not attended very par-
ticularly. He represents us as saying, that be-
cause David Myerle broke, therefore others were in-
duced to engage in the same business. Why, sir,
a friend here suggests that Robert Fulton himself,
the man who discovered the applicability of steam
to locomotion upon water—a man, too, to whose
heirs this Government, in a spirit of gratitude
and magnanimity, paid, after his death, ^>76,000,
as a token of their appreciation of him as a public
benefactor, and upon no contract whatever—Rob-
ert Fulton himself actually died insolvent, and
was not completely successful in his world-re-
nowned and world-gladdening enterprise; but he
developed the idea, he gave the glorious design
into the hands of others, and, profiting by his
thought and his labor, we see with what brilliant
success they have accomplished it. But, sir, how
was Mr. Myerle unsuccessful ? He showed that
hemp could be water-rotted; and he went about
and engaged men to enter upon the business.
They, at least, induced thereto by him, pursued it
successfully. He delivered two hundred tons,
and could have delivered five hundred. It was
rejected; and the proof is, by those who used it,,
that it was good hemp. It was not because he
failed in it that they engaged in it, but it was be-
cause the experiments he tried upon it were, to an
extent successful, and showed the practicability
of the enterprise.
Mr. Chairman, I want to say a few words m
relation to the history of this case. This case has
been before Congress on some one or two other
occasions. It has always received favorable re-
ports at the hands of committees to which it has
been referred, and it has never been rejected by
the House, I believe. I have heard that it has
never been. Once when it had passed this House
and went to the Senate it was attacked, I think,
by Colonel Benton alone, who, by some means or
other, delayed it until the session of Congress
expired, and it did not pass.
Now, 1 wish to say a word or two in relation to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breckinridge.] The gentleman does not
ask that the House shall decide between the claims
of this man Myerle and his constituents, Mont-
mullen & Cornwall. The gentleman is too good
a lawyer to ask this House to erect itself into a
court of justice, to determine between the rights of
David Myerle and his constituents. He contends
that David Myerle is indebted to his constituents,
and Myerle contends that he is not.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I contend in sub-
stance that the Government is indebted to my
constituents, if at all; and if this $30,000 is in-
tended to supply pecuniary losses in making; these
experiments, the losses ought to go where the
losses fall. At all events we ought to be allowed
to try the question.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the Government is indebted
to his constituents, why did not his constituents
come here and prosecute their claims against the
Government? Why did his constituents wait,
doing nothing and saying nothing', and put upon
Myerle the expense and the trouble of prosecuting
their claim ? He ought to contend that this money
should be paid directly to his constituents, if it be
theirs. But the gentleman hardly contends for
that. He admits by his amendment that a court
ofjustice is the proper tribunal to decide between
his constituents and David Myerle. David My-
erle may owe these gentlemen. He may also owe
other gentlemen on the same account. These
gentlemen may have a mortgage; others may have
previous mortgages. If this debt be due there
may be others of equal dignity. But Myerle says
that this debt is not due.
It would be entirely improper for this Congress
in this state of things, with an affirmation upon
one side and a denial upon the other, to undertake
to settle the affairs of David Myerle, or the gen-
tleman's constituents. Therefore, it is simply an
appeal to this committee, to allow his constituents
an opportunity to assert their rights in a court of
justice. Have they not had that opportunity ? If
this matter had come up suddenly, Mr. Chairman,
and the money was to be delivered over to David
Myerle without thegentleman's constituents know-
ing anything about it, he might come with more
show of reason and plausibility to ask us to allow
time for Kis constituents to litigate their claim.
But, sir, this thing has been pending before the
House for long years past, and they have been
lying idle. They have left Mr. Myerle, by his
own exertions, and his own untiring energy, to
prosecute this claim. When it is up, and likely
to be ac^ed on, they come and ask us to hold My-
erle off a little longer than we have, in order to
give them days, and weeks, and years to do what
they ought to have done long ago. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] suggests to me, very
properly, to inquire while this matter is suspended,
what contest do we have between these parties
before the court? David Myerle, a poor, broken
down pauper, David Myerle, who has spent all
his strength and health in this cause for the service
of the country, David Myerle, this feeble man,
pecuniarily and physically, against his wealthy,
and powerful, and influential constituents! They
can come into court with able lawyers and strong
purses, and either conquer him at once by these
advantages, or fatigue him at length into submis-
