1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
construction of a railroad from Burlington, on the Missis-
sippi, to the Missouri.
By Mr. DAVIS, ot' Massachusetts : The petitions of G.
S. Mangum and others, of Springfield, Massachusetts; Peter
Locby aad others, of Wcstfieid, Massachusetts ; William
Chce'uy and otheis, of Salem, Massachusetts ; Moses E.
Green and others, ot Burlington, Vermont; Benjamin Van
Horn and others, of West Springfield, Massachusetts; John
H. McComb and others, of Watertown, New York; John
R. Whipple and others, of New Ipswich, New Hatnsphirc 5
James V. Stetson and others, of Worcester, Massachusetts;
severally praying for a modification in the duties on cigars.
Also, the petition of J. C. Clark & Co. and others, of
Boston, Massachusetts, for an appropriation for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the falls of the Ste. Marie
river.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 3,1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
in compliance with an act more effectually to pro-
vide for the national defence, by establishing a
uniform militia throughout the United States, ac-
companied by a report of the Adjutant General
with an " Abstract of the Returns of the Militia of
all the States and Territories, with their arms, ac-
coutrements and ammunition," taken from the
latest returns received by that Department; which
was read and referred to the Committee on the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, in compliance with the resolution of the
Senate of-the 26th January, transmitting a copy
of the instructions given by that Department to
the Commissioners appointed, pursuant to the act
of Congress approved March 3, 1851, entitled
14 An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California," and also a copy
of the instructions which have been transmitted to
the Surveyor General of California in connection
with the subject; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Territory of
Oregon, transmitting a copy of the Journals of the
proceedings of the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Legislative Assembly of thatTer-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial of the as-
sistant marshals of Hamilton, Jefferson, and Co-
lumbia counties, Florida, for taking the Seventh
Census, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of Wil-
liam D. Graves, assistant marshaffor taking the
Seventh Census in Caswell county, North Caro-
lina, praying additional compensation; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorials of
Dickson Mallard, of Duplin county; A. Carmi-
chae),of Wilkes county; Thomas P. Baxter, of
Currituck county; Shepherd K. Nash, of Orange
county; Robert Abernathy, of Gaston county; and
J. H. Mitchell, of Camden county, assistant mar-
shals for taking the Seventh Census in North Car-
olina, praying additional compensation; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Pat-
rick Donohue and others, of the city of New York,
praying the interference of the United States in
favor of the oppressed of other nations; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. .
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the proceed-
ings of a meeting of citizens of West Point, Iowa,
inflation to the donation of land asked for the
benefit of the Dubuque and Keokuck railroad;
which were laid upon the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
certain citizens, merchants and others, of the city
of Philadelphia, praymg the construction of an
additional canal around the Falls ot the Ohio; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of the ad-
ministrator of Oran Sherwood, praying the ap-
pointment of a tribunal to review the decisions of
the late Board of Commissioners for the settle-
ment of claims of American citizens against Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of E. C. Roberts, and 205 other
citizens of Ontonagon county, Michigan, praying
the construction of piers and harbora at the mouth
of the Ontonagon river, Lake Superior; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two petitions of the citizens of Houghton
county and Ontonagon county, Michigan, pray-
ing the construction of a ship canal around the
Falls of the St. Mary's river; which were laid upon
the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of J. A.
Seawell, a passed midshipman in the Navy, pray-
ing the allowance of additional pay under a clause
in the Naval appropriation hill of 184b; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of William Speiden, a purser
in the Navy, praying to be allowed a commission
on the military contributions received by him
while acting purser to the United States frigate
Congress, on the Pacific coast, during the late war
with Mexico; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of insurers,
ship-owners, merchants, and others, of New York,
praying that the salary of the United States dis-
trict judge at Key West, Florida, may be in-
creased; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial of merchants and others, of
.New York, praying that the act of March 3,
1847, for reducing the costs ahd expenses of pro-
ceedings in admiralty against ships and vessels
may nut be repealed; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petitioiivof Robert T. Norris, a pilot,
praying to be allowed a pension in consideration
of injuries received while mooring the light-ship
off Sandy Hook, in 1839; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying that the
bill to provide for the establishment of a braneh
Mint at New York may not become a law; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, three petitions of merchants and others,
citizens of Philadelphia, praying the enlargement
of the Louisville and Jortland Canal; which were
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, a petition of i|gpibitants of Mercer coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, praying that the transportation
of the mails on Sunday may be prohibited by
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of the St. Mary's river; which
was laid upon the table.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of cigars at
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praymg an increase of
the duty"on imported cigars; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FELCH presented the proceedings of citi-
zens of Detroit, Michigan, in favor of the con-
struction of a slup canal around the Falls of the
St. Mary's river; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. CHASE presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that the transportation of
the mails on Sunday may be prohibited bylaw;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Alleghany |
county, Pennsylvania, praying the construction 1
of a ship canal around the Falls ot the St. Mary's
river; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. CASS presented three petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the construction of a
ship canal around the Fails of the St. Mary's
river; which were laid upon the table.
Also, the petition of Fiances Elliot, praying
remuneration for expenses incurred by her late
husband, Commodore Elliot, for entertaining high
official personages while commanding the United
States squadron in the Mediterranean; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of seven-
teen insurance companies in Boston, praying that
a light-ship, with a fog-bell on board, may be
moored in the slue between the shoals off Cape
Roman, on the coast of South Carolina; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of seventeen insurance com-
panies in Boston, praying that the salary of the
United States district judge at Key West, Flori-
da, may be increased; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judicary.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Kennedy & Darling, praying for payment of their
Indian store and goods destroyed by the Seminole
Indians, in Florida; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SPRUANCE presented the memorial of
John D. Bird and others, holders of claims upon
the late Republic of Texas, provided for by the
act of September 9, 1850, praying that they may
be paid upon their compliance with the require-
ments prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, praying an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the entrance of the harbor of that city;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial of
Harriet De la Palm Baker, only daughter of Fred-
erick H. Weissenfels, an officer in the Army of
the Revolution, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
C. Alexander, praying to be allowed to execute
the printing and binding of the returns of the
Seventh Census; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a document
in favor of the construction of a line of railroads
from Lafayette, through Peoria and Burlington,
to the Missouri river: which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of C. E. Greneaux, on the flies
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
On motion by Mr. HALE,it was
Ordered, That the petition of Oliver Folsora, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the executor of Carter
Page, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims,
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofH. N. Bennison, on the files
of the Senate, be reterred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eliza Evans, on the files of
the Senate, be relerred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Lewis Morris, submitted an adverse report;
which was read.
Pie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of William C. Easton,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bill to author-
ize the payment of invalid pensions in certain cases,
reported the same with an amendment. _
| He also submitted a report on the subject, which
| was ordered to be printed.
\ INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCY IN CALIFORNIA.
I Mr. ATCHISON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was re-
ferred the bill to provide for the appointment of a
Superintendent of Indian affairs m California, to
report a substitute, by way of amendment, for the
whole bill, and to request the Senate to act upon
it immediately. I therefore ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that no Senator will ob-
ject to the consideration of the bill at this time.
'California is the only portion of the territory of
; the United States without a Superintendent of In-
dian affairs. This bill is to provide for the ap-
'.| pointment of such an officer.
;! There being no objection, the Senate proceeaeif
il to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
II The substitute of the Committee on Ifldian At-
