1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
being any reason why it should not be paid, it
seems to me eminently worthy of favorable con-
sideration. It lias been postponed, and postponed,
for fourteen years. It has been investigated by a
commission appointed by the Government. It
has been several tunes investigated by the Indian
Bureau, and also by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and found to be correct. Under these
circumstances, I think, it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment promptly to pay the debt.
Mr. DAWSON, i desire to say a few words
for the purpose of presenting the facts as they
really exist.
In 1826 and in 1834 treaties were made by the
General Government with the Creek Indians, re-
siding within the limits of Alabama. By the terms
of those treaties, all the lands of the tribe, save
those which they reserved as head-rights, belonged
to the Government of the United States. The
Government, immediately after the confirmation
of the treaties, took possession of the whole of the
lands save the reservations. In 1834—and I would
be glad if Senators would remark the date—the
Government of the United States exposed at pub-
lic sale, all the lands thus obtained from the Creek
Indians within the limits of Alabama; thereby in-
viting the citizens of the United States, rich and
poor, to purchase and settle these lands in the
midst of the Indians who occupied the reservations.
That was the first attempt on the part of the Gov-
ernment to establish the policy uf settling the
white man in the neighborhood of the red man.
Immediately after this occurred, in accordance
with the terms of the same treaty, the Govern-
ment of the United States authorized the Indians,
not the Indians of the nation in their national char-
acter, but the Indians who had become head-right
reservees, to dispose of their reservations; and
appointed an agent, under the treaty, to see that
these reservations were sold to the white man, and
that no fraud was practiced on the Indians. Timt
was the relation occupied by the Government with
respect to these parties at that time.
The Indians accordingly sold the lands under
the superintendence of an agent appointed by the
Government, and they were left landless. Their
plantations being gone, and the game being driven
out of the country, in what condition were the
Indians left? Without soil to cultivate, or money
to purchase the necessaries of life. There they
were. And whose policy kept them there? That
of the Government of the United States. What,
then, was tfee duty of the Government of the
United States? It was to encourage emigration,
according to the stipulations ofthe treaty. Lands
were provided for the Indians west of the Mis-
sissippi river, and the Government was bound
to pay for their transportation, and to appoint
agents to consummate that transportation. Gov-
ernment failed to do that, and the Lower Creeks
were left in Alabama in a state of almost starv-
ation, and they commenced their depredations
for the purpose of sustaining life. Upon whom
did they commit their depredations? Upon the
white emigrants; tFie poor men who had first
settled there; that class of persons who always
settle all new countries. These poor people
found themselves with their families—not with
their negro plantations but—surrounded with In-
dians; and day after day necessity drove these
Lower Creeks to take their stock of every descrip-
tion, and to go into their corn-fields, and destroy
their crops; and finally, in 1835, these very In-
dians attacked the line of stages running from the
State of Georgia to Montgomery, and killed the
driver and some of the passengers, and took pos-
session of everything they found. Why was
this done? Merely to get the means of subsist-
ence. Whose fault kept them there, and ren-
dered this deprivation inevitable on their part?
That of the Government of the United States.
WelL sir, did the ■ Government of the United
States at that day recognize the consequences in
which they had thus involved themselves ? Have
gentlemen looked back to see whether they are
about to do justice by voting against this claim
or not?
In the year 1836, President Jackson, in his an-
nual message, recommended to the Congress ofthe
United States the ascertainment of those losses and
to make an appropriation for the payment of these
claims. Congress, in accordance with this request,
passed a bill authorizing the Government of the
United States to appoint three commissioners to
ascertain the extent and character of those losses. '
Who appointed those commissioners? General j
Jackson appointed them; and they were men of
high character. They visited that country. And >
let me say here, that Georgia has very little inter- j
est in these claims, although many citizens of j
Georgia went to Alabama, and settled there. These !
claims were investigated, and the losses ascertained. |
And, to what did they amount? Why, sir, losses I
to the amount of upwards of §1,000,000 were '
proved. But the commissioners decided, that un- 1
der the act of 1816, and under the principles which i
should control the action of Congress in relation !
to spoliations of this kind, only three hundred [
and odd thousand dollars should be paid. I
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator !
from Georgia allow me to ask him whether, in
this stage of the argument, he can give an account
of the principle of the law of 1816'? I want to
know what that principle is.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot, at this moment,
state it precisely; but I will send for the law, and
the honorable Senator can see what it is.
These commissioners made their report, and on
the next meeting of Congress, the President laid
the whole matter before them, through the report of
Mr. Joel R. Poinsett, the then Secretary of War,
and asked for an appropriation to pay these ij
claims. That appropriation was made by the 'i
Senate of the United States, and the bill making l!
it went to the House of Representatives, and there ■
failed. j
Now, I ask, in all justice and humanity to these j
people who first settled the State of Alabama, on j
what principle you will deny them compensation? }
Is there a State in this Union that has been in- I
jured in this way that has not had an appropria- j
tion granted ? Why, sir, this has sometimes been |
done by the State Legislatures. The State of
Georgia paid to her citizens $100,000 for losses
sustained by spoliations of this kind. And yet,
sir, you deny to the people of Alabama, and to a
small remnant of people once belonging to the
State of Georgia, but now located in Alabama and
Florida, any remuneration whatever. Shall we
deny them compensation according to the princi-
ples you have invariably established, and that, too,
when the justice and equity of the claim is so
strong that the only resort taken, the only objec-
tion made is, that it is improper to attach it to this
deficiency bill ? Sir, you have an application here
to pay a large increase of compensation to the
Collins line of steamers—an application to increase
compensation to those who do not need it; while
you would deny it to those who were the first set-
tlers of the State of Alabama. When this appli-
cation is made, we are restless and uneasy, and
not willing to listen to the claims of honest and
suffering citizens. In the language of Senators
who have spoken on this floor, it is too true that we
are ready to vote large amounts for anything of a
distinguished character, which will command the
attention of the Senate; but when a multitude of
small men come and ask you to give them what is
justly theirs, you pass them by, and leave them to
their poverty and wretchedness. !
Mr. President, I have looked into this matte) j
with a great deal of care and attention. I was con- \
nected with all these transactions. Talk of its be- ,
ingawar! It did result in a war. A thousand !
fellow-citizens were there engaged, and many of i
them lost their lives in consequence of the conduct j
of this Government. This I saw with my own >
eyes. I saw crowds of poor families who had to |
fly to Georgia, leaving all their property m the j
hands and at the mercy of these Indians, glad j
enough to escape with their lives; and yet the '
claims of these people are to be disregarded, when
by your own acts you induced them to go and ;
settle in the State of Alabama, Sir, I hope that, j
before a body like this, with a full feeling to do j
justice, it is needless to argue if the facts are only i
known. _ !
In 1838, the State of Alabama, being perhaps a j
little more involved m internal improvements than !
the State of Georgia, could not step forward to ,
relieve her distressed citizens; and she made a me- '
morial to Congress, praying Congress to take into I
consideration the condition of those poor people, ]
who had been brought to that condition, not by j
any act of the government of Alabama, but in con- ;
sequence of the inducements held out by the Gen- 1
eral Government to these people, to £o and settle
in the midst of the Indians there. Yet it is sug-
gested that this claim is not founded in justice and
equity. If it be not, I know of none ihat is; and
it does seem to me, that no Senator who will take
time to examine these facts, will deny to these
people the sum of a little more than $300,000, when
those very distinguished men, the commissioneis,
stated that they had actually lost more than a mil-
lion of dollars; but that according to the principle
established by the Government, only something
over §300,000 could be paid.
But I beg the honorable Senator from Michigan
to understand that no imputation should be cast
upon the Administration then. They were acting"
for the good of the countay; but the Indians were
too ignorant to understand their object and wishes.
What more? When a war broke out, General
Jackson, for the purpose of inquiring into these
things, through the then Secretary of War, to
whom the South owes a great deal for his liber-
ality and kindness towards the Indians,appointed
one of the cleverest men in this country, Mr.
Balch, to go to that country and inquire into the
causes that led to this very war. And what did
he report? I beg the honorable Senator from
Michigan to understand that it was not intended to
cast the slightest imputation on that Administra-
tion, either upon those who have gone from us,
or those who remain. He says the causes were
these. He says he has investigated the causes
•which led to these hostilities; and he says:
" In 1835 they were l educed to a state little short of starv-
ation, but he said it was contrary to the policy ot the Gov-
ernment to supply them with food, as this act of benevo-
lence would have retarded emigration."
They would not afford to the Indians themeans
of subsistence, because that would induce them to
remain on the soil after the disposition of their
own reservations, and make the Government sup-
ply them. They adopted the policy, to keep from
them the materials necessary to life, in order that
they might induce them to emigrate.
Mr. BADGER. To starve them out.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not use such language.
Mr. BELL. I do. It is only a commentary
on my words.
Mr. DAWSON. That was the otyect; and
allow me to state to the Senate, that as soon as
these facts were discovered, the Administration es-
tablished emigration offices there, to induce the
Indians to come in, and to feed them, and to pre-
pare their minds for emigration. That was all
that they could do, and hence, I say, no imputa-
tion can be cast on that Administration. But I
wish to waive everything of that nature connected
with any member of that Administration; and to
bring the justice of this case before the Senate for
its action.
What is the result of these proceedings? An
appropriation of a little more thans $300,000, to be
distributed amongst three or four'hundred heads
of families. Look at the number of applicants on
the list, for amounts averaging from $50 to $500—
there are few for $1,000. That will show the
character of the population, and the necessity
thrown on these people, a necessity which was
more oppressive than that thrown on the Indians
of that day. Why, sir, if this body could have
seen those who live on the banks of the Chatta-
hoochee, it would see that it was impossible for
those of us who volunteered our services to pro-
tect the lives of the women and children from sav-
age fury; to depict the poverty and wretchedness
of the people of Georgia, South Carolina, Ala-
bama, and Tennessee, who had settled there, and
who looked imploringly to their kindred on the
other bank for protection. Is there nothing due
to them in consideration of such sufferings? Are
we to restrain all our sensibilities when a poor ap-
propriation of $300,000 is asked for? and shall
we seek to get around it, because it is not legiti-
mately appropriated in a deficiency bill? Sir, I
will say no more.
Mr. HALE. I have a difficulty in my mind,
which I hope some of the friends of the amend-
ment may be able to remove. I notice that the
honorable Senator from Texas, who advocated
the amendment, said that if the laws in regard to
Indian intercourse had been extended to the States
of Georgia and Alabama, there would have been
no difficulty; and the honorable Senator from
; Georgia, who has just taken his seat, says that
; the commissioners who were appointed to investi-
gate the matter, reported that damages were actu-
ally sustained to the amount of over $1,000*000;
