448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GM>$$
Feb. 3.
J
fairs provides that the 6th section of the act of
May 6cb, 1822, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to regulate trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on
the Indian frontier,'approved 30th,March, 1802;
also, the 5th section of an act approved April
25th, 1824, entitled "An act to enable the Presi-
dent to hold treaties with certain Indian tribes,"
be revived and extended to the State of California,
for the purpose of establishing a Superintendency
of Indian affairs for that State; and that the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, be authorized to appoint a Superintendent
of Indian affairs to reside in said State, who shall
possess the same powers and be subject to the
same duties as the Superintendent of Indian affairs
at St. Loliis, Missouri,
It further provides that the said Superintendent
of Indian affairs shall have an annual salary not
exceeding % That he shall be allowed a
clerk, whose compensation shall not exceed 
per annum.
JMr. ATCHISON. The Senate will perceive
that the bill proposes to create the office of Super-
intendent of Indian affairs for the State^ of_ Cali-
fornia. I presume there will be no objection to
that: The only question is as to the amount of
compensation. I move to iill the first blank with
$5,000," and the second blank with " $2,500;"
so that the salary of the Superintendent shall not
exceed §5,000, nor that of the clerk $2,500.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in,and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
TENURE OF ARMY APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committer on Military Affairs bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
tliat all commission!! in the Army of the United States licre-
al'tei yhalt be for a limited time, which shall he expressed m
the commissions.
CHARGE D'AFFAIRES TO SWITZERLAND.
Mr. BRODHEA.D submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Afihirf be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of making1 provision
by law, for tlie usual outfitand salary of a Charge d'Affaires
to Switzerland. j
FLORIDA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for a member of
the Committee on the Florida Senatorial Election
Case, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the with-
drawal of Mr. Berrien. Thirty-nine votes were
given, of which
Mr. Badger received ... .1G
Mr. Souit".    9
Mr. Dawson 5
Mr. Underwood 4
Mr. Butler 2
Mr. Sumner.  2
Mr. Davis, (already on the committee).... 1
39
Mr. Badger having received the largest number
of votes was declared duly elected, and the com-
mittee now consists of Messrs. Badger, Bright,
Davis, Masom, and Peaiice.
The bill .was reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs with amendments.
The first amendment proposed to strike out £he
following, which immediately succeeds the enact-
ing clause:
" That summary courts-martial may be ordered upon
petty officers, and persons of inferior ratings, by the com-
mnander of any vessel in the Navy, for the uial of offences
which he may deem deserving of greater punishment than
the commander of a vessel is, by the act approved twenty-
third April, eighteen hundred, now authorized to inflict of
his own authority, but not sufficient to requiie trial by gen-
eral court-martial.
u Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That summary
courts-martial shall consist of three commissioned officers
and of some person competent to act as recorder: Provided,
That m cases wheie commissioned officers cannot be de-
tailed for such service, said court may be composed of any
officers of or above the rank ot passed midshipman . Be-
foie proceeding to trial, the members shall take the follow-
ing oath or animation, which the recorder is hereby author-
ized to administer:
" 61, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will well
and truly tiy, without piejudice or partiality, the case now
pending, according to the evidence which shall be adduced,
the laws for the government of the Navy, and my own con-
science. '
" After which the reeoider of the court shall take the
following oatii or affirmation, which the senior member of
the court shall administer: A B, do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that 1 will keopatiue record of the evidence
which may be given before this court, and of the proceed-
ings thereof.'
!r>ec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the commander
of a ship shall have authouty to order any officer under his
command to acl as the recorder of a summary court-mar-
tial.
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all testimony
given belore such comi shall be given orallv, on oath or
affirmation, which the senior member of the court shall ad-
minister.
4< Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enrutcd, Thatsummary courts-
martial may sentence petty officers, and persons ol inferior
ratings, to the loliowing punishments.
And insert the following: •
"That the commander of any vessel in the.Navy, or of
any shore station, shall have authuiity to puiu.sh offences
committed by petty otiiceis and persons of tulenor ratings,
by any one or motv.oi the following punishments, to wit:
<> 1. By diminishing theirranons; by relucting then diet
to bread and water; by imposing extra police and other
duties ; and in cases of thett, m addition to any of thefoie-
gomg punishments, by making good Irom the wages ol the
ortender to the owner the value of the article or articles
stolen, and obliging the offender to weai,forany time not
exceeding ten day*, a badge with the word '■thief thereon."
The residue of the fifth section remained unal-
tered, as follows:
a 1st. Discharge liom the serfllfeQ, with bad conduct dis-
chaige.
" ^d. Solitary confinementJ®*irons, single or double, on
bread and water: Provided, No such confinement shall ex-
ceed thiity days.
" 3d. Solitary confinement in irons, single or double, not
exceeding thiity days.
u 4th. Solitary confinement not exceeding thirty days.
" 5th. Confinement not exceeding two months.
<£ 6th. Reduction to next inferior rating.
" 7Ji. Ball and chain, but not to be worn at sea.
,{ 8th. Deprivation ot liberty on shore.
" And lo*.!. ol pay, not to o\cecd three months, may be
added to any of the above-mentioned punishments."
The next amendment proposed to strike out
from the sixth section these words:
"That no such sentence shall be carried into execution
without the anpioval of the oflicer ordering the couit, who
shall have power to jomit ui pait or altogether, but not to
commute any such sentences."
It also proposed to amend the residue of the
section, which is m these words, by striking out
the words " by a summary court-martial:"
11 And fiovided, That no sentence to solitary confinement
shall be directed to be earned into execution until the sut-
geon or senior medical officer on hoard, at the time, has ex-
amined the piHoner and certified that it can be done with-
out serious litjuiy to his health ; and it shall be the duty of
the commander to remit the whole or any part of any sen-
tence a summary court-martial.'] the execution of
which would, in the opinion of said surgeon or senior med-
ical ofhcei, produce such injuiy."
Sections seven, eight, and nine, remain unal-
tered, thus:
" Sfc. 7. Andhe it further enacted, That the command-
er ot eveiy ship or vessel m the Navy shall causc a con-
duct book to be kept, enibiacing every petty oflicer and
person of inferior rating under his command, in which
shall be noted eveiy instance ol meiitotious or bad conduct
of each man ; and whenever a man is dischaiged, either at
or belore the expiration of Ins term of service, he >hall take
caie that Ins general character be noted on his discharge
DISCIPLINE IN THE WAVY.
Mr. BADGER. I gave notice yesterday that
I should ask the Senate to take up the bill, re-
ported by me from I lie Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to enforce discipline and promote good con-
duct in the naval service of the United States, and
dispose of it this morning. I rise for the purpose
of submitting that motion now. I would say to ;
the Senate, that the bill as reported is precisely j
the same as the one which passed the Senate with ;
great unanimity at the last session. It is highly
important that it should be acted on immediately, !
as squadrons are now preparing to go to sea; and '
it is highly important that the officers should carry j
with them some lawful authority to enforce dis- j! giving to those who merit them, Good Conduct Discharges;
cipline. 1 nope, then, that there will be no objec- 'j *"<1 to those who derive them. Had Conduct Discharges;
tion to taking up and disposing of the bill this '! and to those whoce conduct shall meat no particular note.
morning. I move to postpone the prior orders,
and take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Tne bill was read the second time; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider it as in Committee of
the Whole.
dischatgesin the usual form: Provided, Tijat the charac-
tei to be given on a dischaige shall be ascertained and es-
tablished undci such luies as shall be piesciibed by the
Navy Department.
<1Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That anypettv officer,
or person of interior lating, who shall be discharged with a
good conduct discharge, after a service of not less than two
years, shall have a preference on reentering the service,
and in advance to higher ratings over persons of similar
qualifications, bat who have not so served; and whenever
a petty officer, or person of inferior rating, shall be trans-
feired from one ship or station to another, his character
shali he noted on the transfer roll.
" Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every petty of-
ficer, or person of inferior ratmg, who shall receive a good
conduct discharge, after a continuous Pervice of not less
than two years, shali, if he reenters within three months
alter his discharge, be entitled to a credit on the books of
the ship to which he may be first ordeted, of three mouths'
wages, at his former rating; and after twenty years' ser-
vice in the Navy, with good conduct discharges at the ter-
mination of each enlistment, every such petty Officer or per-
son of inferior rating shall be entitled to admission to and
provision in the naval asylum for life, with half the month-
ly wages of Ins last enlistment."
The amendments proposed to strike out the
tenth and eleventh sections, which are in these
words:
"Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That commanding
officers may, of their own authority, punish offences com-
mitted bv petty officers, and others of inferior latmgs, under
then command, by solijaiy or other confinement; by di-
minishing their rations; by restricting their diet to bread
and water; by imposing extra police and other duties; by
withholding pei mission to leave the ship on liberty, when
such indulgence is granted tootheis of the ship's company;
and in case of theft not exceeding the value of five dollars,
by making good from the wages oi the offender to the owner,
the value of the article or articles proved to have been
stolen, and obliging the offendei to wear, for any time not
exceeding ten days, a badge with the word "Thief;" and
such commanding officer inav combine any two of these
punishments at his discretion. But solitary confinement
thus directed shall not exceed fifteen days, nor other close
confinement twenty da\s; nor shall any of the other pun-
ishments hereby authorized be continued for a Jongei time
than tlurtvdays, nor so long, asm the opinion of the surgeon,
or senior'medical officer present, its continuance would se-
riously affect the health of the offender. If the offences
shall be deemed to require severer punishment, the offender
may be coufincd, until he can be brought to trial before a
couit, either general or summary, or his release is ordered
by proper authority.
"Src. 11- Jlnd be it further enacted* That the pioceed-
iii"s ot sunnnaiy courts-martial shall be conducted with as
much conciseness and precision as may be consistent with
the ends ofju=tice, and under such forms and rules as may
be pie-cubed by the Secretaiy of the Navy, with the ap-
proval of the President of Jhe United States; and all such
proceedings shali be transmitted, in the usual mode, to the
Navy Department."
The next amendment proposed to strike out
from the twelfth section the words, " to be in-
flicted by a summary court-martial." The section
is as follows:
"Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That any punish-
ments authorized by ihis act [to be inflicted by a summary
court-martial,} may likewise be inflicted by any general
court-martial."
Mr. BADGER. I will explain to the Senate
the purpose of the amendments which have been
reported. The bill, as leported from the commit-
tee, and as it passed the Senate at the last session,
contemplates the*establishment of summary courts-
martial for the purpose of trying-petty officers and
persons of inferior ratings on board ships, and
giving to those courts the power to inflict the pun-
ishments which are mentioned in the bill. The
committee directed me—withoutadissentmgvoice,
all the members of the committee being present—
to report the amendments which have just been
read. The effect of them is simply to strike out
from the bill the provision for summary courts-
martial and to leave to the commanding officer to
inflict the punishments which, in the bill, are pre-
scribed as a substitute for the corporal punish-
ment which was abolished by a proviso to the
naval appropriation bill at the session before last.
I The committee were clearly of opinion, that what-
ever punishments the bill proposes as a substitute
for corporal punishment,should be placed in the
hands of the commanding officer of a vessel as in-
dispensable to his authority and influence and
control over the crew; that whatever means of dis-
cipline Congress thought proper to provide, should
be put into his hands without the intermediate ma-
chinery of summary courts-martial. That is the
effect of the amendments.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. 1 offer the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further cnacted, That all commissions in the
Navy of the United Sutes hereafter shall be for the term of
ten years, which shall be expressed in said commission.
I do not want to discuss it. I simply ask to
have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as follows: "
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin. Dod e
of Iowa, Hale, Jones of Iowa, Sumner, and Walker—7.°
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Boiland, BrodJiead,
