'2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14.
fiion. It is to be in chancery, too ! How long
would this case be hung up in chancery > Some
of his remote descendants might prove that these
men had no claim upon Myerle, and perhaps get
something from the hands of the Government for
the services of their ancestor. But Myerle himself
would be long dead and at rest.
My colleague [Mr. Millson] suggests that if the
Government recognizes its obligation to Myerle
for $30,000) would it not have to pay interest for
the time the case was held in court? When the
Government passes a lav/ acknowledging its obli-
gation to Myerle for §30,000, what right has it,
without paying interest, to hold that money back?
Now, sir, with these views I submit it to the can-
dor and justice of the committee, whether this
amount ought not to be paid to him ? I do not
wish it to be thought by any that I have been
rashly drawn into the advocacy of any claim here
that stands upon a loose and tumbling basis, and
is sustained by insufficient proof. I have some
pride of consistency in a course of rigid economy.
That is the only feeling I have about ic, except
that justice shall be done. Mr. Paulding well
calls the attention of the country to the liberality
of Congress towards railroad companies, one of
which, in the State of Missouri, represented in
part by that honorable and efficient member, [Mr.
Hall,] has obtained this session 3,000,000 acres
of the public land as a gratuity. Fattened and
bloated with that enormous bait, he comes now
in pride of power to browbeat and duve away
old David Myerle, as he stands at the door of jus-
tice and asks for the little pittance to which his
services and losses entitle him.
Mr. HALL. I move to strike out all after the
enacting clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that before that motion can be made the ques-
tion must be taken upon the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. HALL. I then move to insert into the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breckinridge,] after the word "Cornwall"
the words "and citizens of Missouri." I must
confess my great astonishment that the gentleman
from Virginia should manifest so much excite-
ment because I modestly endeavored to express
my dissent to this bill. I shall, notwithstanding,
give utterance to the opinion I entertain with re-
gard to bills which come before me for my official
action. It is my desire at all times to have the
good opinion of that gentleman, but I shall dis-
charge my duty e\en at the ri.sk of incurring his
displeasure. He intimates that 1 litu e been moved
to a hostility for this bill for the reason that I
have suffered from Myerle'* misconduct. I tell
the gentleman most distinctly that he is mistaken.
I was not affected by Myerle's misrepresentations,
not being at the time a farmer. 1 was young and
just commencing the practice of the law, and had
as much as I could do to attend to my profession,
but 1 did see old needy farmers, induced by the
misrepresentations of Myeile, incur great expense
for the purpose of water-rotting their hemp. I
have heard these men complain of the injusiire
indicted upon them by h s misrepresentations. I
should indeed be s faithless Representative of th<vo
men and of justice, were 1 to permit this man to
receive the $30,000 provided for by this bill, foi
swindling my constituents. The gentleman says
my testimony is only the testimony of myself.
Well, sir, the testimony the gentleman introduces
here to bolster up this claim is the unsworn Testi-
mony of ex-members of Congress. I presume
my word is at least as ^ood as that of persons not
known within this Hall, or of gentlemen who
were here once and who dischai^cd their duty
with no more credit than myself. Jf the gemle-
man wishes proof, why, as chairman of the com-
mittee controlling this bill, has hi1 not hunted for
it? Why has lie looked only for proof upon one
side? Why has he presented himself before the
committee like a feed attorney denouncing those
opposing the bill ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman mean fa
insinuate that I am a feed attorney in this case 3
Mr. HALL. No, sir; I mean to say that the
gentleman has manifested the spirit of a feed at-
torney. I do not believe that the gent'eman has
any pecuniary interest in the bill ' 1 ask the «?en-
tleman why lie did not endeavor to obtain a!' th-
evidence in the case ? While hunting for evidence
upon one side, why did he not upon the other5
Why was it he did not seek to ascertain at what
time the process of wafer-rottirjg hemp was first
introduced into America? He could have easily
possessed himself of that fact. He should have
made himself acquainted with the operations of
Myerle in Missouri. I suppose he was influenced
by the consideration that duty did not impose upon
him such troublesome labor. He should, how-
ever, be willing to receive evidence when volun-
tarily tendered him, and not turn from it as from
a pestilcnce. The evidence I offer is but the evi-
dence of myself, because 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish this business may
be brought to a termination. I believe, upon the
whole, that it would be cheaper for the Govern-
ment to pay this man what seems justly due to
him, than for us to waste the public money by
these debates, especially when thereby we delay
public business necessary to be accomplished be-
fore we can leave this city. I have listened to the
exposition of this case—to the explanation made
by my colleague, [Mr. Florence,] and to the dis-
cussions from day to day upon it, and 1 have been
strengthened in the conclusion at which 1 arrived
a long time ago, that this man, David Myerle, has
a valid claim upon the Government for the money
which the bill proposes to pay him. He was evi-
dently employed by the Secretary of the Navy, in
the belief that that functionary had the right to
engage his services and pay for them. He pro-
ceeded in his work, but met with the destruction
of his pioperiy,to which allusion has been made.
I' This mode of dealing with the public servants has
[' become not only injurious to our character, but,
i if it were not contrary to dignity and what is due
M to this body, I should say it has become almost
|! disgraceful to ourselves. Congress too often un-
dertakes to throw itself upon its sovereignty to
I' deny the rights of individuals, and places it*
i; self in a position which, if any merchant of this
i country would venture to do, he would find his
place vacated m any respectable exchange in any
commercial community.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I rise to a question
of order. My colleague is not speaking to the
nendinic amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the ques-
tion is upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bufxkin-
JUDGE.j
Mr. CIIANDLEil. Did not the gentleman
move to strike outthc entire bill after the enacting
clause r
The CHAIRMAN. Thegenlleman afterwards
modified lus motion, and moved to inseit certain
words into the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certain words that vi-
tiated the bill, whilst F desire to strengthen it. We
are bound in honor as well as in law to meet the
case before us. I do nor, wish, however, to pro-
ceed out of order. 1 do not wish to waste the
time of tins body. If the committee will procced
to a 1 will lake my seat. Tins evidently has
come and appealed to us day ofier day.
The CHA IliMAN. The Chair is called upon
to enforce the rule, and the gentleman must, there-
fore, confine bis remark.s to the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri; which is to insert after
the word " Cornwall," in the amendment of the
gentlemnn from Kentucky, the words "and citi-
zens of Missouri."
Mr. CHANDLER. I will only say further,
that all amendments,and all amendments to amend-
ments that stand in the "way of the passage of this
bill—that m e lets and hbidrances, are inconsistent
with my views of t'-c rights of the petitioner,
who*e claims T would odvocote. I theiefoie op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Ham,] because if the mi! should pass
wi'b that amendment, thesufferer, by thenon-ful-
filiment of the nation's contract, would not be ben-
efited, and instead of legislating to redress those
whom the ofveis of Government have injured,
and whom our delay lias made to suffer, we only
do that which of ri^ht the courts of law are com-
petent to perform.
Gentlemen lmpatmnt, -nd f am regarded as
oni of order, and therefore 1 will forbear.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the committee
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 42; noes not counted.
Mr. CABLE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Letcher, and Harris of
Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
, reported that there were ayes 56, noes fiO.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. HALL. I move to diminish the amount
of money to be paid one half. I only wish to
notice the change made in the inspection of hemp,
which was alluded to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. It is true that such a change has been
made with regard to the inspection of hemp as
j was stated; but I apprehend if the gentleman
j from Virginia will extend his researches a little
further, he will find that change was not made be-
cause it was' presumed that the Boston people
were dishonest and knavish, or that they were
I unable or unwilling to do justice to the hemp
j growers of the West.
i Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. It is
■ not in order for the gentleman from Missouri,
I [Mr. Hall,] in discussing the amendment he has
offered, to do anything more than explain the
| amendment.
j The CHAIRMAN. That is the opinion of the
j Chair. The gentleman must confine himself to
I the amendment.
Mr. HALL. I wish to show why a part of
the money should go to Cornwall and a part to
David Myerle; and in order to do this, I must
say something about the inspection at Boston.
That is the ground upon which it rests. This
inspection was changed from Boston to different
points in the West, not because it was supposed
that the people of Boston were knavish 
Mr. ORR. The gentleman cannot make the
application in five minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALL. I will make it in a minute. The
change was made on the ground that if the people
of the West were to raise hemp, they could not
go to the expense of sending it to Boston to be in-
spected, where it might possibly be rejected, and
in consequence the hemp growers of the West
might be subjected to great loss. It was con-
sidered of great importance, if western farmers
should grow hemp for the Navy of the United
States, that it should be inspected at their doors,
or at least at western cities, where, if it was reject-
ed, they might not sustain loss, but convert it to
other purposes in the West. That was the ground
upon which the change in the inspection was
made, and it was made from no apprehension of
unfairness or injustice on the part of Boston peo-
ple. That is the only point which I wish to no-
tice in the argument of the gentleman. There are
many points made by him to which I would like
to allude, but I have not the time.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not intend to occupy five
minutes time. I merely rise for the purpose of
saying that perhaps the remarks of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr Hall] might lead to the im-
pression that T had brought an accusation against
the citizens of Boston of being knavish and pre-
judiced against the hemp-growing interest of the
West. The gentleman will do me the justice to
say that I did not make any such argument as
that. I might have intimated, and I think that
intimation was madeby the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] the chairman of the Naval
Committee, that full and exact justice was not
i done by its commissioners to this hemp-crowing
I interest; but I did not mean to make a sweeping
j charge against the people of Boston, or its com-
j missioners, of being knavish and hostile to the
I hemp-growing interest of the West.
Mr. HALL. There is another statement which
the gentleman did make, that this bill had never
been reacted by the House. Now, by reference
to the Congressional Gflobe of the second session
of the Thirtieth Congress, I find that it was re-
jected by the following vote—yeas 71, nays 95. It
was laid upon the table by tha't vote.
Mr. BOCOCK. When the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] asked me if I made that
statement, I told him that 1 made it to the best of
my knowledge.
Mr. HALL. Certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. I had examined the proceed-
ings of the House. I found that it had passed
the committee, and from the statement of others,
I had been led tojud^e that it was lost m the Sen-
ate. I remember distinctly to have known that
