1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
reserves, and in the midst of the whole Indian
tribe, before they were removed.
Mr. COOPER. - In some instances, their reser-
vations were taken possession of.
Mr. -BELL. . They alleged many causes of
frievance. They alleged that one cause of the out-
reak was, that the whites.took possession of
their reservations before they'had parted with
them; but I saw no satisfactory proof of any such
outbreak committed by the whites. You know,
Mr. President, that it would be impossible to pre-
vent trespasses of that sort in every individual
case. But from the general scope of the evidence
adduced in the reports which have been made on
the.subject, I think there is no reason to believe
that the white settlers treated the Indians in any
other than an amicable and friendly manner. It
was the policy of the Government to remove the
Indians in due time, and to sell out their reserves.
It was expected that the reservees would remove
with the great"body of the tribe, but it turned out
differently. From the moment that the policy of
the Government was known, when it was known
that in order to obtain t-he removal of the Indians,
the Governmentintended to make them dependent
on it for subsistence, and to compel them to re-
move, the Government must hold that that policy
would lead to depredations and hostilities. It did
lead to those depredations and hostilities. I think
that this presents a new aspect of the case; and if
there is any case in which the Government is un-
der an obligation to indemnify the citizens on prin-
ciples of justice, this is one.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 13, 1852.
The House met at eight o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal.
Mr, FOWLER. I suppose the Journal is a
short one. I wish to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. It is a very long one, but it
will be read if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. FOWLER. Can it be read when we meet
again?
The SPEAKER. It can be read, but cannot
be amended.
Mr. FOWLER. I am willing to dispense with
its reading if it can be read when we meet again.
But there are some important votes recorded there,
and I desire to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk must read the
Journal if the gentleman insists upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I hope thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts will not insist upon
having the Journal read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must be aware that under the circum-
stances, no amendment could be made to the Jour-
nal, there being not a quorum present.
Mr. FOWLER. I am very willing to dispense
with "its reading if we can hear it upon another
day. But I think it is important that it should be
read at some time to the House.
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to ask if the Jour-
nal may not be amended by the House at any
time?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the motion be
made to-day. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, however, insists upon the reading of the
Journal, and the Clerk will proceed to read it.
The Journal was then read and approved.
Mr. BUELL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to, and
The House adjourned till Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 14,1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littletom F. Morgan.
Mr. SMITH presented the credentials of the
Hon. Isaac Toucey, elected a Senator by the Le-
gislature of the State of Connecticut, for the unex-
pired term of six years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1851; which were read; and the
oath prescribed by law having been administered,
Mr. Toocey took his seat in the Senate.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the execution of the order of the Senate,
as-sigmng Friday for the consideration of private bills, be
suspended foe one hour.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, made in compliance with a resolution of
the 24th March last, transmitting copies of the
proceedings of a Naval Court of Inquiry in rela-
tion to the loss of the United States steamer
Edith, in 1849, with the correspondence and other
papers in relation thereto; charges against Com-
modore Jones, while in command of the Pacific
squadron; together with charges and specifications
against Lieutenant Tunis M. Craven, and the cor-
respondence between the Secretary of the Navy,
the commandant of the Boston navy-yard, the
commander of the sloop-of-war Falmouth, and
Lieutenant R. W. Meade, between the 1st of
March and 1st of July, 1849; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A motion to print the above communication was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
William Richardson, praying a reexamination of
his claim against Mexi'co; which was referred to
the select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Union county, Ohio, remonstrating against an ex-
tension of the time for locating Virginia military
land warrants; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Richard H. L. Chipley, praying a grant of a sec-
tion of land, with the public building thereon, on
Pease Creek, in Florida, for the purpose of estab-
lishing a place of public worship and manual labor
school ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, praying the establishment of a land
office at Salem, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
COAL FIELDS IN MARYLAND.
Mr. PRATT. I hold in my hand certain res-
olutions of the State Legislature of Maryland, on
a subject of very deep interest to the people of that
State.
The Senate are aware that the State of Mary-
land, in completing the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
and the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, principally
designed to develop the mineral resources of the
western part of the State, has expended between
twenty and twenty-five millions of dollars. The
Senate are also aware that it has been ascertained
that the area of the bituminous coal region of
Maryland, located in the western part of that
Slate, contains about five hundred and fifty or six
hundred square miles. It contains a bed of coal
which would suffice for the consumption on the
Atlantic sea-board for centuries to come; and it
was with a view to develop these great mineral
resources that the State commenced and has prose-
cuted these gigantic works.
Recently, a gentleman named C. B. Stewart,
has been appointed Chief Engineer of the Navy—
I believe that is his rank—and he has made a re-
port to the Navy Department, predicated on an
experiment made during a voyage of some eight
hours in a steamer from New York, in which he
has alleged that anthracite coafis better adapted
to the generation of steam, than bituminous coal.
He contradicts, if I understand him aright, m this
report all the experiments made under the auspices
of this Government, and also under the auspices
of the Government of England. Now, the object
of presenting these resolutions is, to procure a
reference to the appropriate committee, with direc-
tions to the committee to have in some way a fair
experiment by gentlemen of known integrity, and !
known experience as to the relative merits of these 1
kinds of coal for the generation of steam. I may
say that I understand that the Naval Department
have given instructions, predicated on this report,
to the Navy agents to use anthracite coal for all
naval purposes. It is, therefore, very important
to the people of my State that a fair test of the
accuracy of the estimate which was made by the
chief engineer should be effected. I move, there-
fore, a reference of the resolutions to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, with a request that the committee
will take them into consideration, and to adopt
some plan by which a fair and proper experiment
can be made to ascertain the relative merits of these
coals.
The reference was agreed .to.
i Mr. BRODHEAD. This is a question in which
my colleague, now absent, feels considerable in-
|| terest. On his motion, I believe, the report of
Mr. Stewart, and which I think is very correct,
was sent into the Senate,and has been printed, i
have no objection to the reference of the resolu-
tions to the Committee on Naval Affairs, provided
no instructions are given by the Senate. I under-
stand thattheSenatorfroroMaryland [Mr. Pratt]
asks that the committee be instructed to make an
experiment.
The PRESIDENT. There are no instructions
given. The motion of the Senator was a simple
motion of reference.
Mr.BRODHEAD. Then I have no objection,
sir.
| REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. JONES,from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of George.Cassady*
reported back the same without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Williams, ask-
ing an increase of pension, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BADGER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of the sureties of Robert S, Moore, deceased, late
a purser in the Navy of fhe United States; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DISTRIBUTION OF MAPS.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
ution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary cause the maps of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and city of Washington, and the plats of
the squares and Tots in the city of Washington, heretofore
printed under an order of the Senate, fo be bound and dis-
tributed as follows: To-the President ofrhe United States,
members of the House ofRepresentatives, Stale and Terri-
torial governments, and heads of Departments, each one
I copy; to the Committees on the District of Columbia, and
] on the Public Buildings of both Houses of Congress,'each
| two copies; to the otlrce of the Secretaiy of the Senate, the
1 Libraiy of the House of Representatives, tlie Library of
1 Congress, the office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
I ings, and the Washington City Library, five copies each : to
j the offices of the Suprenr>e Corart, and the Distnct and Or-
; phan<*> Courts of the District of Columbia, the Marshal of
t that DisUict, and to the Smithsonian Institution, one copy
, each ; to the corporate authorities of the city of Washing-
ton, for the use of the city, one hundred copies: and the
remaining copies to the members of the Senate.
LETTER OF MR. BULSEMANN.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if consistent with
the public interests, a copy of a communication made by
Mr. Hulsemann, now or late Clinrpi"; d'affaires of the Em-
peror of Austria, on or about the 29th of April, 1853, to the
Secretary of State of the United States, on the occasion of
the withdrawal of Mr. Hulsemann from his place as such?
chaig.'s and also a copy of the reply thereto made by the
Secretary ofState; and also copies of all other correspond-
j erice touching the matters which are tbeaubjetia ©fthesaid
communication of Mr. Hul>emami.
ALTERATION OF THE THIRTIETH RULE-
Mr. XJNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolred, That the thntieth rule of the Senate be amend-
ed, by adding thereto the following:
On motion, any amendment offered to a bill or resolution
may be laid on the table, without carrying the bill or reso-
j Iution with it.
I RAILROAD IN INDIANA, ILLINOIS, AND IOWA.
| On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
j Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committee of
| the Whole, the bill granting the right of way and
: making a grant of land to the States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Iowa, in aid of the construction of a
railroad from the Wabash to the Missouri river;
and, having been amended, it was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
MEMOIR OF THE LANDING AT VERA CRUZ.
Mr. HALE. Th*re is a resolution on the table
