450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
originally reported from the Committee on Naval
Affaire, seems to me liable to comparatively little
objection. It institutes, however, a code for the
government of the Navy which, m my judgment—•
inadequate, of course, for it is only that of a lands-
man—is sufficiently severe.
But I would consent, in deference to the judg-
ment of the committee, and in deference to the
judgment of others fully acquainted with the sub-
ject, to vote for the bill, with the single amend-
ment of striking out the degrading punishment of
"the ball and chain." It will be observed that
this punishment is not to be inflicted at sea, but in
port, where it is most conspicuous and most de-
grading.
The amendments which have been offered to this
bill, and adopted by the Senate, are, in my judg-
ment, anything but amendments. They are the
reverse of amendments. They mate that which
was harsh and severe enough much more harsh
and much more severe. One of-theseamendments
authorizes the commander of any vessel' in the
Navy, or of any shore station, to punish offences
without a court-martial, without investigation, but
summarily, and upon his own motion; by dimin-
ishing the rations; by restricting the diet to bread
and water; by imposing extra police, and other duties;
and in case of theft, in addition to any one of these
punishments, by making good from the wages of
the offender to the owner the value of the article
or articles stolen, and obliging the offender to wear
for any time not exceeding ten days, a badge with the
word " thiif" thereon.
Passing over other punishments, I desire to di-
rect the attention of the Senate especially to two.
The first of these is theimposition of " extra police
and other duties." How large a variety of pun-
ishments may be inflicted under this single pro-
vision,and how enlarged is the raiigeof discretion
which it confers upon the officer in command ! it
seems to me that it must strike any man who will
reflect for a single moment, that it is a power too
extensive, too arbitrary, and too dangerous to be
f ranted. The other of these punishments to which
desire to call attention, is that of obliging the of-
fender to wear a badge with the word " thief"
thereon. The object of all punishment is refor-
mation; at least the object of all punishment should
be reformation: and it seems to me that to the other
various punishments authorized by this act and
this amendment, it is worse than superfluous to
add a punishment which, in its nature, is so de-
grading and so dishonorable. Sir, a man may be
attacked and degraded not by punishment inflicted
on the body only, but on the spirit also; and in
my judgment, the former is less humiliating than
the latter. I cannot, therefore, concur by my vote
in the adoption of a law which authorizes a pun-
ishment of this character.
And 1 would s.iy to gentlemen who have pro
foseil themselves to be anxious for reformation in
the Navy, that it is now, when a bill of this sort,
containing provisions which many Senators deem
essential to the discipline of the Wavy, is under
consultation, that they ought to propose the re-
forms they desire. They should not strengtn-
en the hands of those who are in haste to inllict
punishment, but slow to bring relief; who are
ready to sanction all that is harsh, invidious, and
dishonorable to the sailor, consoling him with
the empty promise that at some future me, ats
some more convenient season, when the isommit-
mittee on Naval Affairs shall be quite at isure toe
attend to it, some salutary provision Ml be tin-
trotlueed which may possibly benefitshi Condition.
I should not have troubled the Senatesedwith the
rrmarks but for the necessity irnpo me on baelye
the refusal of the yeas and nays.
Mr. BADGER. 1 do not wish to go into any
discussion upon this bill, for I am anxious that it
should be passed as early as possible. I merely i
wish to make this remark—that as a man con-
sists but of body and of spirit, if we are not at lib- !
erty to punish him through his body, it seems to [
me to be highly wrong to say that we should not j
punish him by assailing him m his spirit. 1 think,
therefore, that there is nothing in the objection !
made by the honorable Senator from Ohio. !
The question was then taken, and the bill was '
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
KENT0CKV DEAF AND DUMB ASYLUM.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Before the special order
is called, I ask the unanimous indulgence of the
Senate to introduce a little bill which is a matter j
of great consequence to the trustees of the Deaf
and Dumb Asylum in Kentucky. I wish to have
this bill before the committee as soon as possible.
It is a bill to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the
deaf and dumb.
Leave being granted, the bill was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. FJ SH. There is a small bill on the Calen-
dar which I ask the indulgence of the Senate to
have passed at this time.
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the consid-
eration of the special order has arrived, and the
Chair really cannot allow gentlemen to interpose
other business—at least, not without the consent
of the Senate.
Mr. FISH. -This bill will not occupy more
than iive minutes, and it is a matter of importance
in relation to the courts about to be held this
month in the State of New York. It is Senate
bill No. 78; a bill amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to provide for holding the courts of the
United States, in case of the sickness or other
disability of the judges of the district courts," ap-
proved July 29,1850.
Mr. BUTLER. If that bill is to pass at all, it
is very impoitant that it should pass now. Iam
sure there will be no objection to it. In order to
bring the subject to which it relates to the under-
standing of the Senate, I will say that it is to
amend a bill which is now in operation, and which
thus far has worked well. From what I have
learned of this matter, it appears that Judge Betts,
of New York, had more business than he could
attend to; and by an application of the bar, and
with a view of facilitating the business, an act was
passed providing that in case of the sickness or
other disability of the judge, other judges should
be allowed to take lus place. This bill is only to
extend the provisions of that act, and to allow the
judges of the district courts of the State of New
York to call in the aid of other judges. Tnere
are the judges of the district courts of the States of
Vermont and New Hampshire, and some others,
who have but very little to do, and might, when
requisite, go to New York and do this business
very well.
The question was then taken to postpone the
prior order, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
authority conferred by the former act (July 29,
1850) may be exercised by a circuit judge, or by
the Chief Justice of the United States, as, in the
said act directed, whenever, on the certificate of the
clerk of the circuit or district court, under the seal
of the court, it shall be made to appear to the sat-
isfaction of such judge or chief justice, that the
public interest, from the accumulation or urgency
of judicial business in any district, shall require
it to be done; and that the district judge so desig-
nated shall have and exercise the same powers
within such district as if the district judge resident
therein, were prevented, by sickness or other dis-
ability from performing his judicial duties; and
that it shall be lawful in case of such appointment,
for each of the said district judges separately to
hold a district or circuit court at the same time in
such district, and discharge all the judicial duties
of a district judge therein.
No amendment being offered to the bill, it was
reported to the Senate, and was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
THE COMPROMISE RESOLUTION.
The special order having been called, namely,
the resolution offered by Mr. Footje, of Missis-
sippi, in relation to the compromise measures,
Mr. GWIN. J believe, Mr. President, that
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
is willing that the special order should be post-
poned to some future day, as there is a number of
important bills which it is desirable should be pro-
ceeded with, in order that they may goto the House
of Representatives if they are passed here.
Mr. BADGER. Immediately after I had moved
an adjournment yesterday, several Senators inti-
mated to me that they had bills here which they
were anxious should be proceeded with and sent
to the other House; and they desired that I would
postpone my remarks on this special order to
some future day. I replied that it was of no con-
sequence whether I spoke to-day or at some future
time; and I will therefore move the postponement
of this subject until this day weeft.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that by the unanimous
consent of the Senate, th'e bill to chanjre the times
for holding the district courts of the United States
in the western distiict of Virginia will be taken
up. It is like the other bill which we have just
passed. It is simply to change the times of hold-
ing the courts, and it is important that it should
be acted upon now. *
The Senate "proceeded to the consideration of
the bill as in Committee of the WlioFs.
The bill embraces four sections, the first of
which provides that instead of the terms now pre-
scribed by law for holding the district courts of
the United States in the western district of Vir-
ginia, they shall hereafter commence and be held
as follows: At Wytheville on the 28th days of
March and August; at Charlestown ob the 8th
days of April and September; at Wheeling on the
19th days of April and September; at Clarksburg
on the 1st days of May and October, and at Stan-
ton on the 20th days of June and November, in
every year. Should any of these days fall on
Sunday, the court is to be held on the next suc-
ceeding Monday.
The second section provides that all proceedii%s
whatever pending, or which may be pending in
said courts, shall have a day thereon, and be pro-
ceeded with end decided as if the terms of holding
said sessions had not been altered.
The third section fixes the salary of the judges
at £2,500 per annum, payable as the salaries of
other judges of the United States are now paid;
and
The fourth section provides that the act .shall
commence and be in force from and after the first
of .Tune next.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
NAVIGATION OF THE UPPER MISSISSIPPI.
The PRESIDENT. The next special order is
a bill for improving the navigation of the Upper
Mississippi.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
pass that over, and take up the bill which was
under discussion the other day making a grant of
land to the State of Iowa for the construction of
certain railroads.
Mr. GWIN. Move to postpone all the special
orders and take up the Calendar.
Mr. JONES. Very well. I will move to post-
pone all the special orders and proceed with the
Calendar.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone all the special orders, and it was agreed
to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of "A bill granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the State of towa in aid of the
construction of certain railroads in said State."
The pending question is on the amendment sub-
mitted some days since by Mr. Underwood,
which was offered after the bill had been consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole and reported
to the Senate.
Mr. FELCH proceeded to address the Senate;
and having spoken until theusual hourof adjourn-
ment without finishing,he yielded the floor at the
request of several Senators. The report of his
remarks will be found in the Appendix.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. CASS. To-morrow was fixed for the con-
sideration of the resolutions of the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Clarke.] I had an inter-
view with him last evening, and I do not know
whether he will be able to come to the Senate to-
morrow. If he is not able to go on, with his con-
currence, which I have already obtained, I shall
ask the Senate to take up the subject, as soon as
my colleague shall have concluded.
CENSUS PRINTING.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, by unanimous con-
sent, it was
Ordered, That the amendment submitted by Iiim to the
