18o2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
which was introduced a morning or two since by
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] On my
motion that resolution was laid upon the table. I
wish, in justice to that Senator, that it may be
taken up and disposed of. I was not in my seat
yesterday during the time when it shoulcLhave
been called up.
Mr. BELL. It was postponed until yesterday
morning, and is the first thing in order.
The PRESIDENT. It is among the resolutions
lying on the table, and will come up in its order.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be
taken up now.
The resolution was accordingly taken up and
read, as follows:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the Senate with a copy of the memoir of the
landing oftbe United States troops at VcraCruz in 1847, by
Lieutenant William Grenville Temple, witli an appendix,
containing the written oiders of General Scott to Commo-
dore Connor, on file in the Navy Depaitment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Maine
will withdraw that motion for a few moments.
Mr. BRADBURY. I withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. I did not want to say a single
word upon that subject. I would not occupy the
attention of the Senate a moment in regard to it,
but I want to say that I think I have uniformly
voted against every motion of this sort. I have oc-
casionally—very rarely—made a few suggestions
about it; but I have uniformly been voted down.
Gentlemen have had spasmodic fits of economy,
and have agreed that economy is a wise rule to
apply to our legislation; but in particular in-
stances in which it was sought to be applied, it
was unwise; and the result has been that we have
printed anything and everything which has been
offered, and an indefinite number of copies at that—
just as many as the party chose to have ordered.
Since this matter was under consideration, I have
had some light thrown upon my mind in regard
to this report, from a source worthy of regard.
My friend on the right suggested that we were
sometimes liable to receive erroneous impressions;
but I have been told by a highly respectable, and
intelligent, and not bad-looking lady, [a laugh,]
that this is a report drawn up by a young and
highly meritorious officer of the Navy; that it is
the only report of the details of one of the most
splendid military movements which ever occurred
in the country, and the only danger is, that it will
furnish grist to go into the political hopper at the
approaching presidential election; and it was
©wing to that fact that suggestions were thrown out
by my friend, the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Mangum,] and I believe, also, the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] that there was
gome allusion to this as evidently having that
bearing. And it is also brought to my mind that
some suggestions were made on a former occasion
in reference to this same matter of the approaching
presidential election; and it was in reference to
that view of the case, rather than the particular
aspect of the case in regard to printing this me-
moir—that I was about to address myself. 1 do
not know whether these remarks will be strictly in
order; but if they are, they will be out of the
general order. {A laugh.] But, sir, I will pro-
ceed. In some discussion which occurred between
my friend on the left, [Mr. Mangum,] and the
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwtn,] some cate-
chising and cross-questioning took place in regard
to the position which distinguished gentlemen oc-
cupied in reference to a question heretofore agita-
ted, and being agitated, but not yet settled; and
the question was, how these gentlemen stood on
those issues; and the Senator from California,
whose remarks I have not now before me, sug-
gested that the views of the candidate supported
by the Senator from North Carolina, weie sound
and national views on the subject of the compro-
mise; and then the honorable Senator went on to
say, as I understood him, that the party with
which he was associated would present to the na-
tion a candidate pledged to maintain these issues
inviolate, and that nobody else could receive their
sanction 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must arrest
the Senator in his remarks. The Senators from
California and North Carolina spoke with the
unanimous consent of the Senate, without which
their remarks would have been out of order.
Mr. HALE. Very well. Perhaps at some
other time I will ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate; but I see that the honorable Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is impatient to get
up the deficiency bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senator
have the unanimous consent of the Senate to pro-
ceed.
Mr. BADGER. Let him go on.
Mr. HALE. 1 have got nearly through, for I
do not make long speeches, as you know, Mr.
President
The PRESIDENT. The Senator knows that
the Chair is bound to preserve order.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but I am going on now
in order by the unanimous conscnt of the Senate.
I was about to say that the remarks of the Sen-
ator from California called up some impressions
to my mind, which I feel it due to lay before the
Senate and the country, that they may have the
advantage of them. They were with reference
to the policy, the propriety, and the expediency
of putting a candidate before the country at the
approaching presidential election, bound, and
pledged, and sworn to maintain and support in-
violate what are called the great measures of com-
promise and peace to the country.
Now, sir, I wish to say, and to say it with the
best wishes for some folks, that if the Democratic
party, at the approach^ presidential election,
should undertake—and you know that the Demo-
cratic party now has a good many characteristic
features and elements m it that may not be char-
acterized as General Jackson wanted to have his
Cabinet characterized, as a unit; and it is impossi-
ble it should be so, and perhaps it is not desirable
that it should—but should they undertake to put a
- candidate into the field upon the compromise plat-
form, they will experience a defeat, compared with
which they had a victory in 1848, unless the can-
didate of the honorable Senator from Noirth Caro-
lina [Mr. Mangum] should suffer himself to be
coaxed into the same trap. But if he should, and
if the Democratic party, forgetting the forlorn sit-
uation of their Free-Soil friends in the Northern
States, should undertake to lay down that plat-
form, and make adherence to the fugitive slave
law, and commendation and approval of the com-
promise acts, asa partoftheirplatform—if itshould
| be put on and tacked on to the Baltimore platform,
the scattered planks of the Buffalo platform will
be reunited, and there will be a scene of " confu-
sion," unless they have the sagacity to coax Gen-
eral Scott on to the same platform.
A great deal of credit has been taken by some
gentlemen for having saved the Union. I wish to
i set history right on that subject. The truth is,
that if the Union is safe—and some gentlemen
think there is some doubt about that now—it was
the Buffalo Convention that saved it, and not the
compromise acts. And why, sir? Because the
Buffalo Convention, by the manifestation of that
rebellious spirit which the Northern Democracy
had against submitting to the new platform, de-
| monstrated to you, and demonstrated to those who
|: wielded, and would wield, if they could, the force
I and energy of this Government to one direction,
that it would not be safe to go in that direction any
' further. That is a fixed fact. They showed that;
i and they showed by this rebellious demonstration,
I that if they put themselves in a very small minor-
j' ity, they took their neighbors along with them,
ij and that made two minorities. That being a fact
!j of history, it is well, as the history is written, that
we should improve by it. And the only way in
j which the Democracy, we, can recover our lost
! power, is to give up the idle pretense that we must
| bring all our members up to swear to the support
i of the finality of the compromises as a part of our
! creed. The only way in which it can be done, is
! to " let by-gones be by-gones," and if we mean to }
! endeavor successfully to retain or regain power j
! and place, we may as well understand at once that j
I the compromise, as an efficient political measure,
| is just as dead as the Buffalo Convention. They
| must both be content to lie together; and their
j friends, if they have friends, can go and weep to-
| gether in sympathy over them both, because you
; cannot elect your candidate—it is a settled fact that
j you cannot do it—without thesupport of the Buf-
i falo Democrats, And these Buffalo Convention
j Democrats have screwed their consciences up to
{ the last extremity, when they consent to stand by
i the old. Baltimore platform. They do not fee!
' comfortable there; but for the sake of party, and
of regaining power, and place, and plunder, they
will go there, although they do not feel very com-
fortable. They will go there and stand on the
Baltimore platform,if you will let it be Baltimore,
and nothingelse. But the moment you undertake
to tie one fugitive slave to one of its uprights; the
moment you undertake to make a single indorse-
ment of one of these measures as a necessary cer-
tificate of qualification, you will drive the whole of
them off. Is it not best, therefore, to take counsel
and learn wisdom from experience? We have a
resolution lying on the table—if it is not now under
the table—proposingthe indorsement of the Senate
to these measures. Possibly that may be enough.
If it lies there, it will do no harm; but the moment
you undertake to take it from the table, and resus-
citate and reanimate it and make it a party politi-
cal platform, that very moment the friends of that
measure will look to the Presidency through that
enchantment which distance gives to the view—a
distance four years long. Now, as we consider,
and conceive, and admit, that it is highly import-
ant that there should be honest, upright, right-
thinking men in office—and this is no impeach-
ment of a man's patriotism—as that is one of the
first things to be sought after, and looked to, and
cared for, it seems to me that the part of wisdom
requires that, in laying out our platform and build-
ing it up and selecting candidates, the first object
should be to obtain votes. You cannot get your
candidate elected without them; and it appears to
be admitted now as a fact, that you cannot have
both votes and platforms. Take your old plat-
form and elect your man.
A Senator. Touch lightly on that.
Mr. HALE. My friend says, touch lightly on
that!
Now for General Scott. I have nothing to say
against General Scott. I think if he is nominated
as he stands, he will make a pretty fair race; but
General Scott—and every person knows it, who
knows anything about that gentleman—is much
better at fighting battles, than at writing letters;
and I hope his friends will impress that fact very
strongly on him, if he is nominated. Besides, the
Democratic Convention will meet first, and if they
commit fatal errors, you will have the benefit of
experience, and can avoid them. But if General
Scott, in an authoritative manner, undertakes to
put himself on that platform, the defeat that he
will experience will be more overwhelming and
severe than any he inflicted on any of the Mexi-
can generals with whom he came in contact. I do
not believe his chance is very good; at the best not
more than middling. To be sure, he has a good
deal of military renown which may help him along;
but give him everything—give him all his prestige—
he is tall without his feather; but put that on him,
and his chance is not great; and if, with all that,
he undertakes to step on this platform, that mo-
ment he seals his defeat; it will be hopeless, irre-
mediable.
These views I entertained, and thought there
was some instruction contained in them;and think
so now; and as the conventions are near at hand,
and as I despaired of gettingan opportunity of
ever making ihese remarks in order, I thank the
Senate for the indulgence with which it has list-
ened to me, and beg pardon of the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] for having tacked them on
to his motion to print this memoir.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I do not rise to
enter upon the debate which has been introduced
by the Senator from New Hampshire. My object
is solely to do justice to one who was associated
with us at one time, but who is not here to speak
for himself—1 mean the President of the United
States. It has been circulated that Mr. Fillmore,
whilst the Presiding: Officer of this body 
The PRESIDENT. It will tequire the unani-
mous consent of the Senate for the Senator to
proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. PRATT. This is the only occasion which
has occurred on which it seemed to me to be suit-
able to offer such an explanation as I was about
to make. A rumor has been circulated that Mi\
Fillmore, while he was the Presiding Office* of this
body, under the expectation that the oasr-ing vote
in reference to the compromise measures might
be thrown upon him, had determined to vot§
against them. Rumor has, further, descended to
particulars. It has been asserted that he had pre-
pared a paper, in which he assigned the reason^.
