1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGBEr
22W
Secretary of the Interior and adopted by the com-
mittee.
Now, where is the great responsibility fgr the.
impropriety of this amendment? Is it.not evi-
dent that if the functions of the.Secretary of the
Census Board so .continued? that individual was,
entitled to some compensation for , performing
them? Evidently, I think, he was. He had re-
ceived that compensation up to a certain time.
All the proper law officers of the Government
decided, and clearly the act itself contemplated,
that he should receive it; but a difficulty was raised
by the Comptroller of the Treasury, and therefore
some amendment to the law was necessary. Now,
I understand that it was said this law ought to be
modified, or some explanatory act should be passed
in regard to it, because it authorizes the receipt of
both salaries—§3,000 as Secretary of the Census
Board, and $2,500 as Superintendent of the Census.
It is a sufficient answer to that, that no such claim
has ever been put in. That was not the object of
the application made to the committee. The man-
ner in which the committee understood it; the
manner in which the Secretary of the Interior
understood it; the manner in which .the Senate and
House understood it, and passed upon it, was
that it never contemplated any such idea as that.
Neither has such a claim been set up since the
passage of tlie act. After its passage Mr. Ken-
nedy applied for the payment of $3,000 a year,
but for nothing more. Where, then, was the ne-
cessity of further legislation on the subject for the
purpose of explaining the law?
Before the resolution of the. honorable Senator
from Massachusetts was brought forward, having
reported the bill of which it was explanatory, the
first question I asked was, if Mr. t£enr\edy had
asked for the double salary. I understood he had
not, I then said, th^t there was no necessity for
providing for evils that might never occur. Jf*Mr.
Kennedy applies for the double salary, and it is
likely to be paid him,,let us make some provision
to prevent it; but if he disclaims any such idea,
there is no necessity for it. He never made any
such claim. The House committer so understood it.
So the Senate and the House understood it, so that
there was no necessity for providing against a diffi-
culty which might never arise. .However, not
being influenced by this suggestion, the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts brought forward his
resolution. 1 thought so clearly that no necessity
existed for it, that although I was present when it
was presented, I thought proper not to interfere.
Perhaps I ought to have done so, because I re-
ported the bill, but I saw no necessity for it. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts had aright
to consult his.own judgment on the matter. He
had a right to introduce the resolution; but I did
not think it necessary to interfere or make any
explanation. I make this explanation now, be-
cause so many remarks have been nicide, and the
subject has been referred to as a matter of so much
importance, and my responsibility referred to,
that I was apprehensive that some culpability
mi^ht be attached to the proceeding which did not
exist.
It is then a clear and ordinary transaction. At
the request of the Department itself, the clause
was putin the bill,'and it underwent the ordinary
discussion. It was reported by the committees of
the two Houses, and nobody then gave it an'imr
proper constructions but it seems after the law has
gone through all the forms, somebody wiser than
Congress, or the committees,-or the Department,
or anybody else, who seems to have a wish to
control and direct matters very unnecessarily,-it
seems to me, in some cases at least, has made sug-
gestions of difficulties that may occur, and there-
fore the circumstance is brought before Congress
again. There is no reason for it, and there is no
reason that so much feeling should have been ex-
pressed, and so many explanations made. No
difficulty would arise out of it. It is evident,
under the circumstances—it having been* contem-
plated that payment should be made to the per-
son as Secretary of the Census Board as long as
it existed—he is claiming nothing more than the
salary of §3,000, to which he is entitled. He was
entitled to it; and even if that were not the fact,
still it was a proper matter for the consideration
of Congress in making a new law, whether the
duties imposed upon him as Superintendent do not
entitle him to the salary of $3,000, and whether it
was not right for Congress to give it to him in that
capacity alone? And if there was any doubt
about it, it was still perfectly proper for Congress,
if they.thought he oughtto receive $3,000, to give
it to him; and I do not think there would have
been anything wrong, or any great responsibility
incurred. I am sorry that I have been compelled
to make these explanations. I should not have
done so but for the very earnest manner in which
explanations have been made, and the way in
which my name has been involved in the matter.
SAULT STE3. MARIE.
On the motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill granting to the State of Michigan
the right of way, and a donation of public lands,
for. the construction of a ship-canal around the
Falls of St. Mary's river, in said State.
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. Cass,
Underwood, Butler, Bell, Toucey, Douglas,
Atchison, Pratt, and Borland, participated,
which will be published in the Appendix. With-
outdisposing ofthe bill, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 16, 1859.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Littleton F. Morgan. ' -
The Journal ofSaturday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the further consideration of House bill No.
297, declaring the Wheeling Bridge a "lawful
structure, ana for other purposes."
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to report
a bill from the Committee on Commerce, for bet-
ter securing the lives of passengers on board
steamboats. [Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
I ask this merely ior the purpose of having cer-
tain matters printed which the Committee on Com-
merce have recommended; and I ask also that the
consideration of this bill may be postponed until
Thursday next.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. DURKEE. I rise to a privileged question.
I have been absent from the city for a few days,
and on my return find that a serious charge was
made against me, during my absence, by a member
of this House. I am charged with nothing less
than an act base in its character.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to know whether
thistase comes out of the time allowed to me ?
The SPEAKER. Unless there be a reserva-
tion made.
Mr. MILLSON. I must object.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the time proposed to be occupied by
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Durkee]
shall not come out of the morning hour ?
[Cries of " Agreed !" u Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the time occupied by the gentleman from Wis-
consin shall not come out of the morning hour.
Mr. DURKEE. The most friendly relations
have hitherto existed between myself and the
member from South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,] and
since I have occupied a seat in this House am not
conscious of having indulged in the least unkind
feelings towards any member of it; and I am sat-
isfied that the gentleman who made this accusa-
tion will, when I explain the remarks to which
he objected, say that he believes no'wrotfg_ was
intended, and withdraw his., charge. The issue
between us is in relation to an occurrence in the
city of Charleston; and perhaps, for the inform-
ation of the House, it would be proper here to
read the remarks to which the gentleman takes
exception.
In the speech which I submitted to the House
a few days ago on the fugitive slave law, I quoted
from able writers on public law, to show thatcrtiel
and oppressive enactments are not binding when
their observance requires the commission of crime;
and among others an extract from the words of a
distinguished South Carolinian, which I will now
read in connection with my own remarks, which
were obnoxious to the gentleman:
"4In another casein South Carolina, an act of the Assem-
( biv passed in 1712, was, in 1792, held to be void, because
f it took away the freehold of one man and gave it to an-
* other. The court said it was against common right, as
6 well as against magna charta> to take away the freehold
< of one man and vest it in another, and that, too, to the
'prejudice of third persons, without any compensation or
f even a trial by the jury of tfye country; apd the act was,
' the'reforerijisofctcto\ void ; that no length df time could give
(validity, being originally founded .'on erroneous princi-
(pies. >-it-Bowman v. Muldleton> 1 Say, 252, •
t{ But, Mr. Chairman, the citizens of South Carolinahave
not only spoken theoretically on thissubject,but have giyert
hi one case, as ! am informed, a practical illustration of
this sentiment. I was told a few days since,>by a Au'ghly>
respectable gentleman who resided several years in that
State, that a negro in the city of .Charleston afew.years ago
was sentenced to be bung for striking his master. Tlie nar-
rator, in'speaking of the provocation, said r' - • h
■ £-' T,be master .was discovered by the prisoner trespassing
'on the chastity ofins wife. Under the excitemenf-of the
i moment the slave struck his master, for which he was sen-
tenced to be hung! On the day appointed the execu-
tion, the sheriff ascended the scaffold with the prisoner,
£ placed the rope about his neck, hut felt so much sytppathy
£ for the slave that he could not,perform the duties of hi®
' office, and offered $1,000 to any person that wottld; but not
4 onp could be found. All were aware of the circu instances,
' and presumed that a colored mhn had nerves to feel on
(such an occasion as well as a white man. After a time,
5 the rope was taken from his neck, and he was permitted
'"CO 'escape from the State.'
" Thus we see the triumph of the 1 higher law,' even ihv
South Carolina, and another proof that man is stamped
>vit,hf,a divine piinciple by bis Creator, that cannot.be en-
tirely effaced by barbarous legislation. Sir, this humane
and righteous act ofth£ citizehs of Charleston is worthy of
all praise, and how much more to the honor of human na-
ture than the infamous .conduct of the citizen* of Boston in
Kidnapping poor Snjims—a crime whieh will leave an in-
delible stain upon the inhabitants of that city and upon tlie
Republic in all cbrning'time. How strangely it contrasts
with the battle of Bunker Hill, and the contiuct (if thfe Boa-
ton Tea-Party! I do not wonder at the animadversions of
the Rev. Theodore Parker on the shameful conduct of that
city, >vhosce prejudices' had been conquered by its distin-
guished leader."
My object in citing this incident was for the
two-iold purpose of adducing proof to sustain my
views on the " fugitive slave law," and to show
the great contrast in the conduct of the cities of
Boston and Charleston in two-given cases, in
which I commended the course of the latter city
in its disregard of a State enactment, the observ-
ance of which would have involved, the commis-
sion, of a great wrong.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I do not understand this to be a personal explana-
tion, but an argument to sustain the position
which the gentleman took in his speech on the sub-
ject of slavery.
The SPEAKER. It is difficult for the Chair to
determine for what purpose the Hous§, by unani-
mous consent, allowed the gentleman from Wis-
consin to take the floor. . , - * :
Mr. LETCHER. It was for personal expla-
nation, as I understood it,and not for^thepurpose
of enabling the gentleman to go into an argument
here to define the position which he took in, his
speech three or four days ago.
Mr*DURKEE. I am endeavoring to show
that nothing offensive was intended, and that the
remarks to which the gentleman objects admit n,o
such construction. Tiiey are simply a narration;
and if they contain any inaccuracies, shall, most
cheerfully be corrected. Sir, what is the differ*-
eace in our, statements? The gentleman,,in his
own remarks, admits substantially my statement
of the case, except m one particular; and that r§,
that the negro that the people of Charleston re-
fused to execute was guilty-of arson instead of a
personal assault. He himself commends thepeo?
pie of South Carolina for the course they pursued
in ration to the acts to which I alludea. The
o'ply difference between us is in regard to the crime
o,f which the negro was found guilty. The stat-
utes„of South Carolina, in Reference to such per-
sons, put the crime of arson and of assault with
intent to kill on the same level., The penalty is
the same. That is the main difference between us.
He agrees with me as to the modus operandi, the
course of procedure by the court, the refusal of
the people and of the sheriff, very properly, as he
says, to carry out that law. The circumstances
were such that the Jaw could notbe enforced. The
sheriff even offered a reward to any one who
would act as executioner, and no man would ac-
cept. That was the very principle for which I
was contending in my speech. Sir, it was a nobje
act; and I say again that I will never be deprived
of the privilege of bearing testimony in favor of
such humane and just principles. .
'Mr. MASON. I hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin will not abuse the privilege which has
been'extended to him of making a personal expla-
nation by delivering aregular-speech, because on
some other day some gentleman-, may really wish
to make a personal explanation. :
