1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2229
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order far me to make
an inquiry of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. Not without the unanimous
consent of the House.
, Mr. MILL-SON. I desire to Jcnow if this bill
will interfere with the Wheeling Bridge case?
The SPEAKER. It cannot interfere with the
morning hour.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 92, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Beale, Ben-
nett, Bibigha«S Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Buggs,
Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Chngman, Cobb, Conger, Curhs, Doty,
Duncan, Evans, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gam-
ble, Gaylord, Gilmore^Ooodenow, Goodrich, flail. Harper,
Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebaid, Horsford, John W.
Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll, JiMikinsGeorgeG. King, Kuhns,
Kurtz, Landry, Mann, Martin, McCorkle, Miller, Miner,
Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Newton, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Pemuman,rolk, Porter, Puco,
Reed, Sackett, Schoonmak'er, Scudder, Orige.n S. Sey-
mour, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Sr. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Benj. Thompson, Thuiston,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Addison White, Alexander Whitej and Yates—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bocoek,
Busby, Colcock, Dean, Durkee, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Ficklm, Floyd,, Thomas J. i). Fuller, Hamilton,
Hammond, Isham G. Han is, Sampson W. Harris, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, Letcher,
.Lockhait, IVfasonj McMullin, McQueen, Meade, Millson,
Murphy, Murray, Orr, Robie, Stone, Wallace, Wildrick,
and Woodward—41.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. STANLY. Is the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley] be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. I understand from the-Clerk
that it is not before the House.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to the
amendment being offered, and then I wish to move
the previous question. This bill has been dis-
cussed at two different sessions of Congress, and
I desire the House to dispose of it in some way
or other.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota can come up in order by
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HALL. I object to it.
TheSPEAKER. There are a number of amend-
ments proposed by the committee, which must be
.acted upon before other amendments can be of-
fered. If the previous question be sustained, it
will cut off all amendments except those proposed
tby the committee.
Mr. SIBLEY. I believe the gentleman from
North Carolina does not intend to cut off my
^amendment -by moving the previous question. I
wish to ask whether thai amendment of mine can-
not be received by the unanimous consent of the
House?
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri fMr. Hall] objects.
Mr. SIBLEY, l hope the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw his objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
..gentleman from North Carolina will not call for
the previous question. I hope he will withdraw
it; for the bill as it now stands will prohibit the
settlement of Minnesota indefinitely.
Mr. TAYLOR* Will it be in order to have
the amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota
read for information ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
read, as follows:
In section 1. "And Territories," interlined after the
word "States" in third line.
In section 2. Strike out the words " and the quantity ap-
poitioned to any State in which there are no such lands,
shall be located in the territory belonging to the United
States, to which the Indian title shall be extinguished, and
it shall be the duty of the States to offer the said lands for
' sale immediately, and to complete the same at the earliest
practicable delay," in lines eight to fourteen, and also all the
provisos contained in gaid section, and insert in lieu thereof
7the following words:
' And-the Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed to
' issue'to those States in which there are no public lands of
- the valiie of$l 25 per acre,Iand"scrip to theamountottheir
.distributive shares in acres, under the provisiohs of this act,
said scrip to be sold by said States, and the proceeds thereof
applied to the uses and purposes prescribed in this act, and
for no other use or purpose whatsoever: Provided, That in
no case shall any State to which land scrip may thus be is-
sued, be allowed to locate the same within the limits of any
other State, or of any oiganized Territory of the United
States; but their assignees may thus locate said land scrip
upon any of the unappropriated lands of the United Stales
•subject to private entry.
In section 5. After the words" are appropriated" in third
line insert, " and from the sales of land scrip hereinbefore
provided for."
In section 6. After the word " land " in s3cond line, in-
sert " and land scup."
Mr. STANLY. I now demand the preyipus
question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question. The bill, as it now stands, gives
to the old States not a dollar.
Mr. AVERETT. 1 appeal to the gentleman
who moved the previous question to withdraw it,
and to allow me to address the House, for the com-
mittee have heard nothing about this bill. The
friends of this bill have had several occasions to
address the committee, and there has been no op-
portunity to speak against it.
Mr. STANLY. 1 have had many applications
of that kind, and I cannot withdraw the call.
Mr. AYERETT. I hope then that the previ-
ous question will be voted down.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish toJ ask, whether before
the previous question is moved and seconded, it is
not in order for me to offer my amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that it is not in order except by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
The previous question was then seconded.
The question then being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"
'Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and the question
being taken there were—yeas 76, nays 58; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Beale, Bennett, Bib-
ighaus, Bissell, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs,
Albert G. Brown, George II. Brown, Burrows,E. Camng-
ton Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Cobb, Conger, Dean, Dockery, Doty, Dun-
can, Evans, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Hall, Harper, Haws, Haven, lle-
bard, Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe, John Johnson,
George G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Mann, Martin, McCor-
kle, Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Samuel
W. Parker, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Price, Reed, Scud-
der, Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Stratton, Stuart, Taylor, Benja-
min Thompson, Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, Alexander
White, and Yates—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Babcoek,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bocock, Breckinridge, Buell, Joseph
Cable, Cbastain, Colcock, Dimmick, Disney, Dmkee,
Edgerton, Edmundson, Faulkner, Ficklin, Floyd, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Holladay, Howard, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel T. Johes, George W.Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Ma-
son, McMulhn, Medueen, Meade, Millson, Murphy, Mur-
ray, Orr, Andrew Parker, Robie, Schoonmtiker, Skelton,
Snow, Thaddeus Stevens, Sweetser, Wallace, Wilcox,
Wildrick, and Woodward—58.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
•The following amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was then disagreed to, as
follows:
1. In section 1, strike out the following:
" Ten millions of acres of land, to be apportioned*under
the direction of the President of the United States, In the
compound ratio of the geographical area and representation
of said States m the House of Representatives, according to
the census of 1850; Provided, That the area of no State
shall be computed at more than fifty thousand square
miles," and insert in lieu thereof the following: "Public
lands at the rate of fiftv thousand acres to each Representa-
tive in the House of Representatives, according to the cen-
sus of 1850," so as to make the section read as follows, viz :
<cBe U enacted by the Senate and House oj Represent-
atives of the United States of *dinerica in Congress as-
sembled, That there be granted to the several States for the
purpose hereinafter mentioned, public lands at the rate of
fifty thousand acres to each Representative m the House of
Representatives, according to the census of!850."
The following amendments of the Committee
on Public Lands were then agreed to, viz:
2. In section 2, after the word "lands," in the fourth line,
strike out the words " of suitable quality," and insert after
the word " State," in the fifth line, the words" worth $1 25
per acre, the value of said lands to be determined by the
Governor of said State," so as to make it read:
" Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the land afore-
said, after being surveyed, shall be apportioned to the sev-
eral States in sections or subdivisions of sections; and
whenever there afe public lands m a State worth $rl 25 per
acre, the value of said lands to be determined by the Gov-
ernor of said State, the quantity to which said State shall
be entitled shall be selected from such lands," &c.
3. Add to section 2, the following proviso, viz:
" Provided further, That if said land be not sold within
twenty years from and after the passage of this act, the
lands remaining unsold at the end of that time, shall revert
to the United States."
' 4. Strike out the 3d section, as follows, viz:
" Sec. 3. Jlndbe xt further enacted, That whenever the
apportionment of said lands shall be completed, patents
shall be issued to the several States for the portions which
shall be allotted to them respectively; arid thereupon the
said State shall assume the management and sale of the
lands thus apportioned to them."
5. In section 5, after the word " States," in fourthJine,
insert the words " or some other safe stocks, yielding not .
less than five per cent, upon the par value of said stocks,"
so.as to make it read:
. "Sec. o. Jind be it further enacted, That all moneys
derived from the sale of the lands aforesaid, by the States to
which the lands were apportioned, shall be invested in
stocks of,the United States, or of the States or some other
safe stocks, yielding not less than live per centum upon the
par value of said slocks, ami that the moneys so invested,
shall constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of which shall
be forever undiminished, and the interest of which shall be
inviolably appropriated to the comfortable maintenance and
support ofthe cuiable and incurable indigent insane.
6. In section 7, after the woid u idiots," in line three, in-
sert the words, "thed.catand dumb or blind," so as to make
it read, as follows, viz:
"Sec. 7. Jind 6<? it further enacted. That if any State
shall establish a public State institution for the mainte-
nance and education of idiots, the deaf and dumb or blind,,
th§y may, at the discretion of each State, be permitted to
participate in the benefits of this act, ,under the restrictions
hereinbefore specified, and in the ratio of their numbers,
relatively to the insane for whose maintenance and support
the interest of the fund belonging to such State shall be
applied, anything in this act to the contrary notwithstand-
ing."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Sibley, [inserted previously,]
and it was agreed to.
Mr. GHASTAIN moved to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion he asked for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 52, nays 90; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H.
Bayly, Bocock, Breckinridge, Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Chastain, Colooek, Dean, Durkee, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Isham G. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay,
Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jenkins, A. Jbhnsort, J. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Ktfrtz, Letcher,
Mason, McMulhn, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Murphy,
Murray, Orr, Robie, Ross, Snow, Sutherland, Wallace,
Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodward-—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Beale, Ben-
nett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, J. II. Boyd, Bren-
ton, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Geo. Ii. Brown, Burrows,
E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Cobb,
Conger, Dimmick, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Edgerton,
JGvans, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodeoow, Goodrich, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, HascaJI,, Haven. Hors-
ford, Georjje G.'King, Kfihns, Landry, Mann, Martin, Mc-
Corkle, Miller,1 Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moftre, Out-
law, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penni-
man, Perkins, Polk, porter, Price, Reed, §ackett, Schoon-
maker, Scudder, Origen S. Se.ym'our, Skelton, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stantdn,Richard
1-1. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,
Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Wal-
bridge, Walsh, Washburn, Watkins, Welsh, and Yates—
90. - '
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
. The SPEAKER. When shall the bill have its
(third reading ?
- Several Voices. "Now!" "Now!"
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Has the bill
been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I object to the third
reading.
Mr. STANLY, I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee will withdraw his objection,
and allow the bill to have its third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I mustdecline
to withdraw it.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable the bill to be read the third
time now.
Mr. LETCHER. On that motion, I ask for the
yeas and navs.
Mr. BOCOCK. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler,
and Stanton of Tennessee were appointed.
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and the tellers reported 31 in the
affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
