1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
State of Alabama. A treaty was made,of which
you, yourself, were one of the witnesses. That
treaty provided that the Indian title in Alabama
should be extinguished, but that certain reserva-
tions should be made. It allowed to each chief-
naming os many as ninety of them, I think—six
hundred and forty acres, or a full section of land.
It allowed to each head of a family, I believe, half
a section, if they were determined on remaining,
providing, however, for those who were disposed
to emigrate, a number of articles, such as a rifle,
gunpowder, and other things, and their transport-
ation, at the expense of the United States, to the
Creek country given to them by the Government,
west of the Mississippi.
As you are well aware, sir, it was impossible
to procure the extinction of the Indian title without
makinc these reservations. The honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee is under a great mistake in
that respect. He supposes that the system of
leservation was then introduced fur the first time.
Mr. BELL. I beg pardon of the honorable
Senator; I said no such thing.
Air. CASS. The honorable Senator did not
say so; but he intimated that the state of things
existing neceBsarily led to that result.
Mr. BELL. I said that the policy of permit-
ting the whites to go in and settle among the In-
dians before they had removed had no precedent
before that treaty.
Mr. CASS. I have not the slightest disposition
to misrepresent the Senator; and if he did not say
so, of i.ourse I have nothing more to say on that
point.
Mr. BELL. Reservations wore commonly
made, and I could not therefore say that they were
unusual,
Mr. CASS. I was going on to remark, that
reservations were made to the Indian chiefs and
heads of families, and provision was made that
they might retain them for five years, if they re-
mained, and at the end of that time they might
receive a patent, and become like any other citi-
zens of Alabama. But in the mean time, with the
consent of the President of the United States, they
were allowed to convey their land to any one,and
then remove to the West at the expense of the
United States. The reservations of land to the
Indians were the consideration given for the ces-
sion; aiiu without which no cession, no extinction
of the Indian title in Alabama could have been
effected. The reservations were made. Those
Indians who were disposed to remain did remain.
Thy had the ria;ht, under the direction of the
President, and with his approbation, to sell their
lends. As soon as the treaty was made, there
was an immense pressure upon the Indian coun-
try. The Government did everything it could to
prevent the irruption; but it could not prevent it.
People went in there and purchased the titles of
the Indians, and the greatest species of fraud was
committed. You know it, Mr. President; we all
know it.
When Governor Clay was asked the cause of
this Indian war, he said expressly that it was on
account of ihe frauds that had been committed
upon the Indians. When Governor Lumpkin
was asked the same question, he said that he
knew nothing about it, but he thought that was the
probable cause. It is no credit to us; but it is
proper that the Senate and the country should
know the facts, even at this day. The Senate will
bear with me in patience, I hope, for I have had
but a moment to refresh my memory. The facts
had passed from my recollection for some years;
and I have not been able to look into all the docu-
ments that I desired.
Now, allow me to say, that a number of gen-
tlemen were sent by the Government during the
pendency of that very difficulty, in order to ascer-
tain the true state of the facts, in order to apply
a proper and eflicientremedy. Among them was
n gentleman of this District, of high character,
Mr. Key, since dead. Another was Mr. Craw-
ford, now a judge in this District. Another was
Mr. Balch, whose high character is known to
every one here. Their reports are in the book
which I have before me; but they are almost two
voluminous to be referred to. It will be seen that
these commissioners reported, amongother things,
that the Indians were personated. Many were
hired to say that they were such and such In-
<iums, and to sell tracts of land. The Indians
v,ere cheated out of their money by all possible
means, and the greatest corruptions ever known :
in any country in the world, were practiced. I j
shall read a few words from some of these reports !
to put the Senate in full possession of the facts. ;
Mr. Balch says:
"The practice of''personation' was not unusual. In- -
dians were bribed to appear before tbe agents, and declare '
that they were the owners of reserves belonging to others, J
and they were permitted to acknowledge contracts for the I
same. ;
" Although many frauds were perpetrated throughoutthe !
year 1824, of the existence of which the agents were ap- ;
prised, still it was difficult to detect and defeat them.
Those who were engaged in plundering these unlettered >
savage^ were emboldened by success, and earlv in 1835 a j
plan was concocted to sweep off from them all the reserves j
that remained uncertified, amounting to more than fifteen !
hundred. In the letter of the late Eli S. Shorter, a copy |
whereof is hereto annexed, marked C, this purpose is i
darkly hinted at." .
Here is one of the disclosures to which the j
commissioner refers. Mr. Shorter, one of the ,
men who had heavy operations among the In- !
dians, says, in a letter to some of his associates: '
''Your messenger must reach us on Sunday nf&ht.
Camp > our Indians out of sight of the load. You need '
Cive jourself no trouble about the value of the land; I will j
arrange all that. Stealing is the order of the day ; and out j
of the host of Indians at the agency, I don't think theie
were ten true holders of land." j
These are but specimens of what took place
during that time. I suppose there is hardly a
gentleman from the South who does not recollect ,
the whole nature of the transaction.
If the honorable gentleman from Tennessee puts
this application for an appropriation on the ground
of a state of war, there was no necessity of advert-
ing to the causes of that war. It was a gratuitous
attack upon another Administration, because it did
not alter the nature of the claim in any manner
whatever. Whatever may have been the cause ;
of the origin of that war, it has nothing to do with
the merits of the claim, if it is sought to be pressed
on the ground that war did actually exist. I re-
peat, that at different times during the progress of :
this war, commissioners were sent out to investi- ■
gate and look into the condition of the Indians, :
and make such reports as would enable the Go\-
emment to net promptly, efficiently, wisely, and ,
in the best manner for the interests of the country. 1
One of the principal objections that the honor-
able gentleman makes upon this subject is, that the
Government did not prevent people from going
there. How could the Government prevent them"5
I should like the honorable gentleman to tell me •
how. Why, Governor Gayle, of Alabama, re- j
monstrated against the right of the United States
to send troops there. He said we had no right,
to bring forces into that country at all. His let-;
ter is explicit. He says, under date of February I
22d,1834:
u Alabama having rightfully acquired exclusive jurisdic-
tion previous to the ratification of the treaty over the sub- :
iectb embiaced by the fifth article thereof, cannot be de- ;
pnved of it without her consent. But, however this may j
be, whatever the power of the General Government, or the ,
right of the State in this matter, it appears to me that the 1
novelty of the spectacle of keeping upon the borders of a i
State a standing army to awe its citizens into submission
to the laws, and the obvious departure which it indicates ;
from the customary modes provided by the Constitution for
conducting the operations of the Government, are consider-
ations of themselves sufficient to induce a resott to milder
means."
From the termination of the treaty through the
whole of these transactions, there was always
force on the frontier—sometimes under the com-
mand of General Jesup, sometimes under the ,
command of General Twiggs, sometimes under ,
one man, and sometimes under another. This let- ;
ter came from Governor Gayle, remonstrating !
with the Government against the introduction of,
troops into the Territory. It was met by an an- :
swer written by direction of General Jackson,
which I suppose many gentlemen here will recol-
lect, in which this Government took the ground
that so long as the land belonged to the United
States, the Government had a right to prevent in-
trusion. But allow me to say, in a country like
that, how could you keep troops with the State 1
authorities against you—with the State authorities
denying that you had anypower whatever? Why
nothing short of an armed force surrounding the '
Territory could do it. There was every disposi-
tion on the part of the Government to do so; but
it did not want an armed contest with the State of
Alabama, and therefore turned its attention to the
removal of the Indians byall the inducements that
could possibly be held out to them.
The honorable gentleman assumes, in the first ,
place, that an armed force was not there; and in
the next place that the Indians were in a state of
starvation; and, also, that it was the duty of the
Government to apply a remedy for each. One of
these propositions brings up the whole question
in regard to intercourse with the Indians: how
far it is the policy, how far it is the duty of the
Government, when the Indians are in a state of
starvation, to provide for their support. I do not
mean as a matter of passing charity, but as a sys-
tem upon which they could, and upon which they
would rely. This whole business of the emigra-
tion^of the Indians to the country west of the Mis-
sissippi is a very difficult question, and has always
, proved so under this Government. The great
wave of civilization has borne them onwardsfrom
! the borders of the Atlantic almost to the Pacific.
| They have melted away before the access and the
approach of civilization, as the snow melts before
' the warm sun of spring. Wherever they have
| remained in contact with a civilized frontier, they
have entirely faded away. I now aver here that
■ I know of no instance in which a permanent refor-
mation has been effected in the moral or political
condition of the Indians so long as they have
remained- in contact with the white settlements.
, The relative condition of the two races who occupy
this continent is a great moral problem. There
| are physical causes to account for the diminution
and deterioration of the Indians. But why were
j those causes not counteracted? Has civilization
, shed no light upon them ? For two centuries they
! have been in contact with civilized people, but
| they have resisted successfully every effort to
I ameliorate their condition. Their moral as well
| as their intellectual condition has remained sta-
! tionary. All the circumstances connected with
; them present a case unparalleled in the history of
j the world.
Now, under what circumstances is the Gov-
ernment placed here at Washington, the central
point of authority? The Government is pressed
from every portion of the Union to remove the
Indians. They see that the Indians are fading
away—that reservation after reservation goes—
that philanthropic men after philanthropic men
are devoting themselves to their improvement, and
that failure is apparent everywhere. It is owing,
among other causes, to the fixed condition of
Indian manners and the introduction of whiskey
among them. An Indian is as unchangeable in
his manners as is an Arab. The Arab maintains
a certain species of civilization, and remains now
just as he was in the days of Abraham. The In-
dian has not advanced in intellect, in physical
condition, in anything that gives elevation tochar-
acter since the first white man put his foot upon
the shores of this continent. Now, why keep
them stationary? The experiment may fail, but
we are sure that their condition will be poor with-
out it. The only hope we have is to put them
in the western regions of country, where they
will have a chance to live in their own way.
They are hunters and warriors, and you cannot
make them work. It is a disgrace to an Indian
to work. There are but two operations in life
that they can perform. One is to go to war, and
the other to hunt. You have in them not only an
unconquerableaversion to labor, which is common
with all savages, but there is a feeling of dishonor
among them attached to labor, which is as strong
with them as it is with any people in the world.
Your expectation to elevate them to any higher
station in civilization by teaching them to labor,
by putting them in contact with your people, by
exposing them to the irruption of every man who
chooses to go there and sell them whiskey, and
deprave them, is utterly impossible. It should
have been known before. It is now known by
experience.
In this, as in other cases, the Government made
the attempt to send these Indians west of the Mis-
sissippi, and after some time, in consequence of
the ditficulties which I have before stated, hostili-
ties ensued. Butletme tell the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, that until May, 1836, the Gov-
ernor of Georgia had not the slightest idea of a
war. He says himself, in a letter accompanying
the reports upon this subject, that it was only in
May. 1P36, that he became aware of the dan^er-
ouc^ slate of things existing. He did not believe
there was to be a war; and allow me still further
to tell the honorable Senator, as he speaks of
issuing provisions to the Indians, that provisions
