2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
"The question was then taken upon Mr. Stak'i.y's
motion, and there were—yeas 90, nays 48; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes=rs. Allison, William Appteton, Bennett,
Bibighaus, Bisseli, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton,
Briggs, Albert G. Blown, George H. Brown, Burrows,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thomas Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Chapman, Cobb, Conger, Ditnmiek, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Edgerton, Evans* Florence, Fow-
ler, H. M. Fuller, Gamble, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Harpor, Hart, Haws. Hasoall, Haven, Hebard, Horsford, J.
W. Howe, Ingersolf, G. G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry,
Mann, Martin, McCorkle, Miller,Miner, JohnMoore, Out-
law, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Pcaslce, Penm-
man, Perkins, Polk, Porter, Price, Reed, Sackett, Schoon-
maker, Scudder, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stan--
ly, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Strat-
ton, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, B.Thompson, Thurston,
Walbndge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Wells, Alexander White, and Yates—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe. Averett, Babcock, Thomas H.
Bavly, Bocock, Bueil, Busby, Joseph Cable, Chastain,
CoJcock, Dean, Disney,Edmundson, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ishain G. Harris, Samp-son W.
Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston,
Howard, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King, Letciier, Lockhart,
Mason, McMullm, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Henry D.
Moore, Murphy, Murray, Orr, llobie, Ross, Wallace, Wil-
cox, Wildtick, and Woodward—48.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
MARY B. RENNER.
Mr. COBB. I now make the appeal to the
House, of which I gave notice several days ago,
in behalf of a suffering widow and six orphan chil-
dren. I hope the Hpuse will allow the bill to pass.
It has passed both branches of Congress several
times, has been reported on by many committees
of both Houses, and has never been reported
agamst. I ask the unanimous consent pf the
House to offer the following resolution j
Resolretl, That the Committee of the Whole House be
<Jisehar<!*!(l fiom the further consideration of Senate bill No.
152, providing for the settlement by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States of the claim of Daniel Re li-
nn r, deceased, upon such terms as are provided for m said
bill, not to exceed the amount thereiil stated.
Mr. CARTTER.-Is it in order to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Alabama is upon th6 floor, la there objec-
tion to the resolution of the gentleman from Ala-
• bama ?
Several Members,objected.
Mr. COBB. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. STANLY, Was my motion to recommit
the bill for the benefit of the indigent insane enter-
tained ?
The SPEAKER.- That motion has been en-
tertained.
The question was then.taken on Mr. Cobb's
motion, and (two thirds voting in the affirmative)
it was agreed to.
_ The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion , and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the title of the bill as follo\M,
viz: " An act for the relief of John F. Callan, ad-
ministrator of Daniel Renner, deceased."
Mr. STUART. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I desire to move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill for the benefit of the indigent insane was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. 1
do not wish to press the motion now, but I ask
that it may be entered.
The motion was accordingly entered.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Claims unani-
mously directed the bill now before us to be re-
ported to the House. The committee adopted the
report of the Senate committee that investigated
this subject.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let ushear the bill read.
The Clerk read the bill through. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay some
■ ^6,000 for the,destruction of a rope-walk by the
enemy in 1814.
^ Mr. COBB. 1 have no desire to consume the
time of the House about this matter. There is
one amendment, however, ^vhich must be made
m the bill, and that is, to change the name of the
.administrator. John,F.;Calian has resigned the
administration, and the widoy herself has been ap-
pointed administratrix. ■ I desu-e that that amend-
ment s|ia!I be made.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire if there is
a report accompanying-the Jjill.?. .
Mr. COBB. There is a report from the Senate
committee, and if the gentleman wishes it, it can
be read for the information of the House.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to hear
the report read. This is one of those old war
claims.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to ask a single ques-
tion. I want to know whether a bill was not once
reported in this case and lost?
Mr. COBB. This bill has always been r,er
ported on favorably.
Mr. CARTTER. Has this claim ever been
provided for by bill ?
Mr. COBB. A part of it has.
Mr. CARTTER. How old are the "orphans?"
1 see that the injury for which indemnity is claimed
was sustained in 1814.
Mr. COBB. They are old enough to be suf-
ferers.
Mr.  STJEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And. this
is to pay the claim a second time?
Mr. COBB. It never has been paid yet.
The report accompanying the bill was then
read.
Mr. COBB. I,move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the words "John F. Callan, administra-
tor, " and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"Mary B. Renner, administratrix."
Mr. CARTTER. I move to lay the bill and.
amendment upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw that motion for a
moment, in order that I may say a few words of
explanation.
Mr. CARTTER. These claimants have re-
ceived nearly $20,000 already.
Mr. BROWN. I will explain all that if the
gentleman will allow me. I will not consume
more than four or five minutes,
Mr. CARTTER. I ask for tellers on my mo-
tion .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Hendricks were appointed.
Mr. BROWN. I again appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his motion, and let
me say a word of explanation. I promise to
renew his motion.
Mr. CARTTER. • No, sir; I cannot withdraw
it.
Mr. BROWN. Then I hope the bill will not
be disposed of in this summary way without one
word of explanation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
motion, and the tellers reported—ayes 62, noes 59.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
Mr. FJCKXIN. I appeal to the honorable
member from Alabama to allow me to report a bill
from the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
The bill, I understand, was laid upon the table.
I voted in the affirmative, with a view of moving
to reconsider, but if the House chooses, I will not
press that motion now.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama moves to reconsider the vote by which Sen-
ate bill No. 152 was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor. I suppose
he cannot, therefore, have the motion to recon-
sider now.
Mr. COBB. I shall not insist upon its consid-
eration at this time. My object is, that the House
shall examine into the matter, and at the proper
time, 1 will call up the motion.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. COBB. T have the floor.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] had a
right to move to reconsider  and there being no
other business -under consideration, he has a right
to' the, floor, if he chooses t,o insist upon action on
his motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Chair thisqu'estiorr of order: Whether the
motion to reconsider the vote laying the bill upon
; the table is debatable,? .
| The SPEAKER.- It is not.
I Mr. JONES. Then'hdw is the gentleman from
[irAlabama [Mr. Cobb] entitled to the floor?
i j Mr, HOUSTON^ The Chair recognized me.
The SPEAKER. He is entitled to the floor to
insist upon the consideration of his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague took the floor
from me, to make a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. He has done it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view of taking up the naval appropriation
bill. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Alabama is
in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I appeal to
the gentleman from Alabama, to allow me to move
to take up a bill now upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] had been assigned the floor by the Speaker,
to move to reconsider the vote by which his bill
was laid upon the table. I submit that he is the
gentleman now entitled to'the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] did rise to a privileged question
and was recognized by the Chair. He had the
right to submit the motion and have it entered upon
the Journal, but not to debate it, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] misunderstands the facts., I
rose and was recognized by the Chair before my
colleague [Mr. Cobb] rose. I submit, therefore,
that my motion is the only one now in order.
Mr. KING, of New York. I would suggest
that the privileged motion of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] b§ disposed of bow. It will
take but a minute, and that will save all difficulty
as to which motion is first in order.
The SPEAKER. They are both privileged
questions, and the House can determine them both
in a minute. The question will be first taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
gentleman from Alabama to allow me to make a
motion to take up Senate resolution No. 26. It is a
joint resolution authorizing the completion of a
war steamer for harbor defense.
Mr. YENABLE. I object.' , ;
Mr. HOUSTON. There are but twelve days
of the session remaining, all told, to consider the
business now before the House. I am not willing
to give way for that bill at all. I hope the House
will go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and take up the Navy bill,-so
that we may progress with the public business as
fast as possible.
^ The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive by the sound.
Mr. HOUSTON. As gentlemen near me desire
to dispose of the question of reconsideration, which
now stands in the way of my motion, I am willing
they should first dispose of that motion. I with-
draw my motion.
The question now being upon Mr. Cobb's
motion to reconsider the motion by which the bill
for the relief of the administrator of Daniel Ren-
ner was ordered to lie upon the table—
Mr. SWEETSER moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table—
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; but they were not
ordered.
The question was then put, and the motion to
reconsider was ordered to lie upon the table.
MR. LE ROY.
Mr. HOWARD. There is a bill now lying
upon the Speaker's table for the relief of Mr. Le
Roy, who lost an arm in a very gallant action in
the late Mexican war. I do not propose to make
any .statement to the House,in>e!ati6n-to,it;,but
if the House will hear the report read, ,which .is
not more than twenty lines, i think- they will con-
sent to take the bill up. -John1 Le Roy is here,
and must iHto the "vfroiMiouse',the bill
Mr. McMULLlN. I object.
