1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
were issued to the full amount of the power of the
Executive authority. At one period during that
time, the Indians were found to be in such great
distress that it was necessary to issue provisions;
but the continuance of their issue would have been
compelling the Government to adopt that as a
system, and they would have thrown themselves
upon-the Government, so that all attempts to ame-
liorate their condition, or remove them west of the
Mississippi, would have been utter failures. There
isanote appended to the report of Judge Crawford,
in which he says:
" Not a doubt is entertained, that many of the Indians
now in Alahama would die for want of food, in the course
of the winter, if the Government supplies issued by United
States officers on stated days did not hustain them."
So you will see, that during the utmost extrem-
ity, when there was actual danger, provisions
were issued to the extent of the power of the Ex-
ecutive Government. But this is nothing new in
the course of Indian history. There is not awin-
ter passes by but the Indians are reduced to actual
starvation for want of food. Distress does not
teach them providence, nor does want teach them
industry. Why, they will consume their seed
corn. They have little more providence in taking
care of themselves than have the animals which
are their cotenants of the forest. Itis the character-
istic of their nature. If you are now about to
adopt a system of protecting the Indians upon the
frontiers, and feeding them on the ground of hu-
manity, very well; but you have the consequences
before you. I never knew it to be done butonce,
and then it was from a proper and just motive.
It was during the time of the war with England,
when she adopted the system of throwing the In-
dians upon our frontier and subsidizing them.
Her object was to get them over to her interests,
and get them to make war upon us. Then we
collected them together in masses, and kept them
together, and fed them. We thought it better to
feed them than to fight them. This was good
policy. The motive in this case was justifiable.
But such a motive passes away with the necessities
which gave rise to it. I suppose there is no gen-
tleman here who would insist that we should be
eternally feeding the Indians.
In the book that I have before me there is an
account of an interview between Governor Gayle
and Ho-poe-thle-Yoholo, who was then the chief
of the Creek nation, and a deputation who waited
upon him; but I will not weary the patience of the
Senate by reading it. Gentlemen will find it a
most interesting account, if they choose to exam-
ine it, given by the Indians, of the troubles into
which "they were led by an incursion of the white
people who wanted to purchase their lands into
their country, and the frauds that were practiced
upon them by land-stealers. It shows most dis-
tinctly that they were led into these troubles by
the frauds that were practiced in consequence of
their power to sell their lands; but without that
power to sell and dispose of their lands being re-
served to them, no treaty could have been made.
Nor was it in the power of the Government en-
tirely to preventpeoplegoingthere. The Indians
had a right to sell their reservations there within
the first five years, and they had a right to sell
their patents at the end of that time, if they did
not choose to go West. The commissioners were
appointed to certify to the contracts, to examine
into them, and to see that all was fair. Under
these very circumstances, t have already said to
the Senate, if an Indian, A B, owned land, and
there was another man who wanted it, he would
obtain another Indian, C D, to represent himself
as A B. Thus one individual would perhaps per-
sonate twenty Indians at different times; and thus
the most fraudulent contracts were made. All
this shows, as the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee said, a frightful condition among the In-
dians. I do notdeny that I appreciate it as fully as
he does. My only ground is, that the Govern-
ment had nothing to do with this—that, in the first
place, it could not prevent it; and, in the next
place, it was told by the State authorities of Al-
abama not to send troops there. Governor Gayle
said so expressly, and you know it, Mr. Pres-
ident. Such an effort would be a contest of arms
between us and the authorities of the State of
Alabama.
I wish I could find the answer written to Gov-
ernor Giyle by direction of General Jackson.
You, Mr. President, do not need it for your own
instruction; but it would show the Senate the dif-
ficulties which the Government had to encounter.
In that letter the proposition which I have stated
is laid down, that the Government had a right to
interfere. It would place the Government of the
United States in a very delicate condition in re-
spect to the matter, if it should attempt to inter-
fere. The Government had no wish to come in
contact with the State authorities of Alabama.
Public feeling in Alabama was very much excited
in reference to the matter. It was with extreme
difficulty, and only by the most persevering ef-
forts, that finally the object was accomplished
without a contest with the State of Alabama.
Why, in this very report there is a warning given
by General Jackson to the Indians, that if they
did not emigrate they would be in a state of starv-
ation. One of the inducements held out to them
to go West was, that there they would become com-
fortable, that they would be removed at the ex-
pense of the United States, that they would have
pos^ssion of a country where they might recur to
their primitive habits of supporting themselves by
the chase. But you know, Mr. President, that
attachment to the land of their forefathers is
stronger, perhaps, among uncivilized than civil-
ized people. There is no man who has more rev-
erence for the spot where the bones of his fore-
fathers rest than the Indian; and there is nothing
that grates more harshly upon him than the fact
that we have burnt down his council house and
plowed up the bones of his forefathers. They
will never go willingly. I do not mean to say
that they will never go, except when they are
compelled to yield to physical force; but that they
always prefer to lemain in their old habitations,
if they could be dealt justly by. They yield to
the pressure of external circumstances, to con-
tact with the white settlements, and to all the
evils which have involved them in the condition
in which they are placed, and which threaten, at
no distant day, to blot them out from the face of
the earth.
In relation to the specific appropriation before
the Senate, I would say a few words. I suppose
no man in the Senate will contend that, in a state
of war with a civilized or uncivilized foe, any
Government is compelled, by any just principle, to
pay for injuries that may happen to its citizens.
No Government can do it. It would break down
any Government in the world. Besides, there are
other obvious considerations connected with it
which would prevent such a system. If a war
breaks out with an Indian tribe, and the Indians
make irruptions into our country during the pend-
ency of the war, I take it for granted nobody would
vote payment to those who suffered. Why, from
the time of the landing of our forefathers on the
beach of Jamestown, and on the Rock of Ply mouth,
there has not been an Indian war but where im-
mense injuries have been inflicted. My own State
suffered more, I presume,during the war of 1812,
from Indian irruptions, than any other portion of
the Union. There were circumstances connected
•withit which committed almost the faith of this
nation, and which has never yet been redeemed.
There were circumstances which gave the citizens
of my State a better claim than any portion of this
Union to compensation for Indian damages; and
yet my constituents have never been able to get a
dollar on account of the damages they suffered.
When Detroit was surrendered, there was a stip-
ulation made by the British Government in which
the British solemnly promised to protect the peo-
ple of that Territory from the Indians. The ink
was not dry with which that provision was writ-
ten; the paper upon which it was written was not
put away, before the Indians began to attack the
people and seize their property, burn their build-
ings, and take their childfen into captivity ! From
that time to this, not one dollar has been paid for
those damages; nor has the British Government
ever been called upon to redeem its solemn obliga-
tions thus given. These are circumstances which
make this case, aside from the general principle,
and yet compensation has not been made. But
here is the case of a war.
The honorable gentleman, as I before observed,
has gone into the causes of that war. Except he
did so to vindicate the truth of history, I do not
know why it was. Although we have high au-
thority for the position, that to vindicate the truth
of history is the province of the Senate, I do not
admit it. • It will be admitted that if in this case
there was a state of war, unless there were pecu-
liar circumstances, there could be no claim for this
appropriation. I understand the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to admit that it
was a case of public war. It was so. There is
no doubt about that. What Indian was ever pun-
ished by a court for engaging in it? If it was not
a war, the Indians engaged were responsible to
the authorities of Alabama for murder. But no
such prosecution was ever instituted. No man
ever thought of it. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee has said that a portion of the tribe only
were engaged in the war. Why, sir, we have re-
peatedly treated with portions of tribes. "We have
recognized portions of the same tribe as enemies,
and others as friends. We have recognized parts
of tiibes. The authority of the chiefs hangs loose-
ly on thelndians. They have butlittle more than
a moral influence. If a band of Indians choose
to locate themselves in another portion of the
country, the chiefs cannot prevent them. Bands
of tribes go off and separate from the main body.
We have repeatedly made treaties with different
portions of tribes. We have treated with portions
of the Wyandots, portions of the Pottawatomies,
of the Ottawas, and of the Chippewas. We have
frequently treated with portions of tribes. Al-
though they do not divide property as we do, into
individual possessions, except so far as concerns
land; although they did not divide their property
into severalty, yet the bands divide their property
into severalty. The bands occupy particular por-
tions of the country, and have particular hunting
grounds very frequently, to trespass upon which
would be doing a very great injury to them. You
will find on the statute-book treaty after treaty,
made with different bands of the same tribe. We
have recognized portions of tribes as enemies, and
portions as friends. During the last war a portion
of the Wyandots sided with England, and a por-
tion were our friends. So of the Pottawatomies,
and the other tribes I have enumerated.
With respect to the Creeks, they went on and
made war. There was a state of open hostility,
and it was so considered by the Government. I
repeat, you can find no single instance in which
an Indian was ever prosecuted for being engaged
in these hostilities; and for the evident reason,
that every Indian so engaged was considered as a
public enemy, and to be treated as such. Now,
that being the state of the case, the honorable
Senator from Tennessee has said that the spirit of
the intercourse law requires the payment of these
claims. What is meant by that? In order to
prevent difficulties between the Indians and the
white settlements; or rather, in order to prevent
those difficulties ending in war, the Government
long ago adopted the policy, that, if there were
irruptions of Indians into the white settlements,
and property was taken, if the white settler would
not pursue the Indians, but would wait the oper-
ation of the Government, the Government would
guarantee the final payment of what was due.
The Government did not do it because it was
obliged to do so, but as a matter of policy arising
out of our peculiar relations with the Indians, and
their peculiar character. In the first instance, the
guarantee only extended to payment from such
annuities as were due the Indians. The United
States were to reserve the amount to be paid from
the annuities. But subsequently, in 1834, that
was changed, and the United States guarantied
the payment without any reference to whether the
tribe had an annuity or not, or whether it bad an-
nuity enough to meet the payment required. I
know this, because I was in daily communication
with the committee who prepared the bill of 1834,
and was familiar at the time with its provisions
and their effect. That was the policy of the
Government; and it was a very just and a very
proper policy. It was, that, if the settler would
remain still, the Government would put him in
the position in which he was before his property
had been taken.
The line within which this act was confined,
was defined by the law. It began at the north-
east, and went round all over the country, accord-
ing to the old law. But the new law which was
passed in 1834, excluded the country east of the
Mississippi from its provisions. What, then, is
meant by the spirit of that law being applied to
this case' Congress did not choose to extend its
policy to the States east of the Mississippi. That
is all that can be said about the matter. There
