1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
was no spirit of the law in regard to this case,
and for a very obvious reason; there were the In-
dians in the very midst of the white settlers, and
the State authorities were extending: their power
over them. The Stuteauthorities had taken posses-
sion of the country. Sofaras was possible, they had
extended their jurisdiction over the Indians, and
made them responsible to the courts of Alabama, j
Then how could youextend the Indian intercourse J
law there? The State of Alabama took the sub- :
ject into her own hands. She took it from the ;
United States. She extended her jurisdiction over ■
the whole Indian country there. Then you had ;
not the right—it was no part of your auty—to !
undertake to extend the principles of your act, ;
where the State authorities said they should not .
be extended. It must be lecollected that this is !
not a question of right; this is a question of policy !
as to how far it is politic and necessary for the i
United States to extend their guarantee; to what i
cases it shall extend. The intercourse law pro-
vided that the guarantee should extend only to ,
such and such cases, in such and such places. 1
Alabama was not within these places. Who, ,
then, has a right to say that the spirit of the law .
includes this case? It is a question of the plain i
words of the law. It is a question for the Con- ;
gress who made it. If they chose to extend the
law there, they would have said so. Nothing j
more would have been necessary. But to say that j
the spirit of the law includes this case, and that i
therefore the appropriation should be made, is to
put it on ground which Congress have denied.
There can be no question as to the spirit of the
law. This is simply a question as to the extent
of the law.
Again, it is a question the difficulties of which
are made by the legislation of the State of Alabama,
which says that we have no right to go into that
State, and which held out very distinctly the threat,
during all these proceedings, that if we did go into
the State of Alabama, we would be met by the
armed forces of that State. No man knows it
better than the honorable President of this body.
He was then a Representative of Alabama on this
floor, and well recollects the feeling which existed
in the State at that time. This was the ground
which was taken, when Governor Gayle wrote
that extraordinary letter, to which I have alluded,
to the War Department.
I have not looked particularly at this claim.
Allow me, however, to say to the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, that this claim, so far as
respects the certificate and decision of the commis-
sioners, does not rest on any guarantee of the Gov-
ernment at all. The appropriation formerly passed
by Congress, expressly provided that the ascer-
tainment of these expenses by the commissioners,
should not be considered as any pledge on the part
of the United States to pay the amount. There
was the express exclusion of such a conclusion.
It is very evident that Congress was willing to
look into the matter and see what should be done
—to investigate the causes of disturbance, and as-
certain what was proper to be allowed, if anything;
but that in the mean time the faith of the Govern-
ment should not be in the least degree committed.
Therefore, you are not at all to draw the conclusion,
that because these damages were estimated under
the direction of the Government, the Government
is therefore under the slightest obligation of moral
faith to carry them into effect.
The second section of the act of March 3, 1837,
authorized the appointment of agents to inquire
into what depredations were committed. The
information was obtained, and was reported to
Congress. The amount reported as proper to be
allowed, was nearly $356,000; of which only
$270,000 was for depredations prior to the com-
mencement of hostilities Three hundred and
forty-nine thousand dollars were for damages
during the hostilities. The whole amount claimed
for the whole period, was $1,269,000; butthe com-
missioners rejected consequential damages. For
my own part, I ha^e not looked very critically
into the nature of this claim. Whether there are
not equitable circumstances which require it to be
paid I cannot say, for I have not seen sufficient
proof to judge of that. But certainly the grounds
stated by the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
and repeated by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, whether there was a state of war or no war,
do not furnish, in my opinion, any reason for the
payment of these claims. I repeat again, sir, that
if there was war, it is a principle that no sane man
can adopt; and if peace prevailed, and" there was
no war, no question connected with the inter- !
course law can apply, especially iti the State of
Alabama, which had taken the jurisdiction of the
whole subject into her own hands with the intent i
to prevent the United States from having any con- I
trol over the subject. j
Mr, President, I shall not further fatigue the :
Senate, yet I owed it to myself to say thus much.
But the subject came upon me very hastily.' I
know there are facts connected with it that might
be easily collected, which would give the case a
much stronger aspect. I was in hopes at onetime
that the Senate might postpone the matter until
Monday, with the view of giving an opportunity
to look more fully into the facts; but as that has
not been done, I found it necessary to state the
facts that were known as well iis I could. - Under
the circumstances I shall say no more at present;
but if the honorable Senator from Tennessee
should make any remarks on the subject which
may render it necessary for me to reply, I trust
that the Senate will give me the privilege of speak-
ing again on the subject.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 can have no objection to
any explanation which thehonovable Senator from
Michigan may have thought it necessary to make
of the acts of the War Department when he was
at its head; although he will allow me to say
that he has sometimes given his enemies advan-
tages over him by unnecessary explanations of
by-gone things, which had much better be left to
take care of themselves. If, however, he hadcon-
I fined himself to an explanation of the motives
| which had actuated the War Department—if he
! had attempted simply to justify the action of that
Department, and had not left false impressions
upon the minds of the Senate, I should not have
felt it necessary to say anything more in relation^ |
to this matter. He has recapitulated the frauds
practiced upon the Indians as one of the causes
which led to the hostilities, and he has left the
impression that these frauds were practiced by the
settlers who come here to ask for compensation.
Mr. CASS. Such was not my intention.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am sure there is not a Sen-
ator here who did notreceive that impression from
the Senator's remarks.
Mr. CASS. I spoke of frauds committed by the
Indians, and not by the settlers. 1 spoke of the
condition of the Indians, and the frauds which led
to it, not of thesubsequentconduct of the Indians.
My object was to defend the course of the Admin-
istration from what the honorable Senator from
Tennessee stated, that the state of things to which
he alluded, resulted from the conduct of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am glad to hear the exlan-
ation, because I am sure that the Senate must
have understood the Senator as I did In the very
documents which he had before him, there was
conclusive evidence, in the certificate from the Gov-
ernment commissioners, that the settlers, the par-
ties now claiming compensation—not merely for
the losses sustained, because that is not the whole
amount claimed, but for provisions furnished to
the United States troops—did not practice the
frauds. They were practiced by speculators,
whose object was to obtain possession of the
land, and* then to speculate upon the settlers.
They lost nothing by the Indian depredations,
for they had nothing in the midst of the Indians.
The settlers were the sufferers, and it would be
hard indeed if they were to be denied justice here,
because others had seen proper to practice frauds
upon the Indians.
But, sir, that was not the only thing which le i j
to the hostilities in the Creek territory at that pe- '
riod. One prominent cause—and it was contained
in the document I read yesterday—was absolute
starvation, and their total inability to procure food
without committing depredations on the property
of the citizens. The Senator from Michigan has
read an abstract, which he says was prepared by
one who was with him in the War Department,
which shows conclusively that the depredations
were not committed after hostilities commenced,
but that $270,000 of the $350,000 due to the claim-
ants are for depredations committed prior to the
commencement of hostilities, and that the portion
of the claim arising subsequent to that time, is for
meal, and corn, and forage furnished to the United
States troops in the territory. He has alluded to
a letter from Mr. Shorter, in relation to these
frauds. Mr. Shorter was a settler, and that of
itself is conclusive proof that the settlers were
wholly unconnected with any of the frauds prac-
ticed on the Indians. On the contrary, they fur-
nished them with food to the utmost extent of their
means.
But the Senator, in endeavoring to justify him-
self in one particular, it seems to me has inculpa-
ted himself in another. He was Secretary of War
at the time General Jackson recommended the ap-
pointment of the commissioners, for the purpose
of paying the claims, and of course concurred in
the act of the Administration, of which he con-
stituted a part.
Mr. CASS. I was absent from the city at the
time.
Mr. CLEMENS. He says he was absent.
At all events the then existing Government, of
which he constituted apart, recommended the ap-
pointment of the commission for the purpose of
paying these claims; and I take it that every part
of that Government is bound by its action. I do
not care what Governor Gayle may have said. I
do not care whether Governor Gayle denied the
right of the Executive to send troops into that ter-
ritory or not. He was not sustained by the con-
stituted authorities of the State of Alabama. The
Legislature repudiated his action, and the conse-
quence has been, that from that time to this, he
has been acting with the Whig, instead of the
Democratic party to which he belonged anterior to
that time. Now, sir, we did extend our laws
over that Territory, and for the express pur-
pose of preventing the frauds which were practiced
upon the Indians. One of the chief reasons for
extending the laws of Alabama over the Indians
was to give them protection; and if we had been
left alone, we would have protected them. But
this Government thought proper to interfere, and
take the matter into their own hands. They
made a treaty, and by the terms of that treaty,
settled the whites among the Indians, rendering it
absolutely certain that within a short period, the
Indians, being landless, without means of raising
crops, must resort to depredations upon the prop-
erty of the whites for a bare subsistence. This
was foreseen by the authorities of Alabama. The
Government were warned against it, but notwith-
standing the warnings they persisted in this course
of conduct.
But the Senator has undertaken to prove that
this was a case of public war. The head of the
Administration, of which he composed a part, did
not think so. The facts do not justify the as-
sertion that there was a public war. The very
paper which the Senator has read, as I have
before remarked, proves conclusively that much
the larger portion of the depredations were com-
mitted anterior to the time when any hostilities
whatever existed. But the fact is, that the state
of hostilities which did subsequently arise, was
confincd always to scattering parties of the In-
dians, and was never concurred in by the nation.
The chief of the nation, Ho-poe-thle-Yoholo was
one of the most active agents in suppressing it,
and Jim Boyd, another chief, was also engaged in
suppressing it. The Council of the Nation never
recognized it. The Senator asks why we did not
try the depredators for murder. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, it would have been just about as easy to have
identified them as to go to the moon. We could
not identify them. We could not tell who had
committed murder. And, moreover, it would not
have been politic, under the circumstances, and it
was not judged necessary to resort to that process
when the Government had commenced to coerce
their removal. We were willing to get rid of
them. We knew the impossibility of identify-
ing them, if we attempted to try them for murder;
and we let them go when the Government troops
removed them. The number of warriors of the
Creek nation at that period was about 5,000; and
there never were 700 of them engaged in these
hostile depredations. There never were, at any
period, 500 of them assembled in one body, ex-
cept. those who were assembled under the friendly
chiefs, for the purpose of suppressing the insur-
rection. The acts of the depredators were repu-
diated by the Council of the Nation. There was
nothing to justify anything like the assumption
that there was a state of public war. By that, I
do not mean that there should have been a decla-
ration of war; because we all know that we never
