1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
the sentiment of the Southern Whig party. Un- j
less he wilt do what jhe country have a right to :
demand of him—spread his opinions upon the !
record, in characters so plain that he who runs ;
may read—he cannot be supported by them.
General Scott, individually, is entitled to the sup- j.
port of all compromise men. I happen to know j.
during the last Congress, the opinions he enter- ;j
tamed on these questions. Whilst acting Secre-
fctry of War subsequent to the death of General ;|
Taylor, and previous to the formation of Mr. i
Fillmore's Cabinet, he exerted his personal influ-
ence to the utmost to effect the passage of the com-
promise measures.
But I, and Northern gentleman who know his
opinions upon that subject, should know that the
whole Whig party of the«South willdemand some-
thing more clear, determinate. We insist that our
candidate shall express his opinions to the country,
or that the nominating convention shall take the
responsibility of doing so. We do not want a
man to stana in the position that in the North the
Abolitionists can say he occupies their ground,
and m the South that he advocates the Southern
principles
Mr. HIBBARD, (interrupting.) One question
as to a matter of fact. I understand the gentle-
man to say that he is in Qxvov of the reelection of
Mr. Fillmore for the Presidency.
Mr, CABELL. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. HIBBA.RD. Only a word.
Mr. CABELL. I cannot. My time is very
short. As to General Scott, notwithstanding my
iiigli admiration of the man, notwithstanding the
friendly relations existing between us, I will not j
do what I believe the Democratic party will do— i
take a man without any exposition of Ins princi- :j
pies. Here let me say, that it is almost, if not "!
entirely, too late for this gallant soldier to do him- ;
self justice, to extricate himself from the false po- j
sition into which the acts of designing men have ;i
inveigled him. The American people*may say, as j
did the French to Louis Philippe, it is "too Lite." !,
He has put it off too long. He has allowed him- |
self to remain too lone; in a false position, and it
may be now too late for him to remedy the error, j
and consequently the injury tie has done himself,
i think I can say with confidence, that he, as he i
iiow stands, cannot receive the support of a , j
respectable portion of the Southern Wilis; party, .j
Sn his present position, if nominated by the Whig \
party for the Presidency, I do not believe that in
my State he would receive fifty votes; and I am i
quite sure that he would not get the electoral vote i
of one Southern State. I ha\ e been told by some ;
gentleman, that, even in his present position, he i
would receive the vote of Kentucky if nominated, ,,
but I do not believe it. 1 appeal to the gentlemen
from that State to bear me out in the declaration I
now make, that no man will receive the Whig
vote of that State who does not come ont clearly, .
■manfully, and decidedly, and put himself upon the :i
record—who does not define Ins position in such
a manner that there can be no mistaking it.
What the Democrats will do I know not. They ■:
jnav go for Butler or some other mum candidate.
I may make the same declaration of Tennessee. ,
Mr. POLK. The gentleman need not be un-
easy. General Scott never will receive the vote of j
that State. _ ;
Mr. CABELL. I have no uneasiness. I ask
gentlemen from Kentucky and Tennessee to correct
the statement 1 have made here, if I am wrong. i
I repeat, sir, the Southern Wiiigsare determined,
so far as they are concerned, that no man shall be ;
elected President of the United States whose opin- i
ion is capable of misrepresentation. If a man is :
ill favor of the settlement of these questions, in the
name of common sense, why does he not come
forward before the world, and put himself upon
the record and say so? In that way all doubt
would be removed. We will hold him liable to
the imputation of double-dealing, and of desiring
to pander to the fanatical abolition sentiment of
the North. Let Northern Whigs clearly under-
stand tins fact. I assure thein there is no mistake
about it.
1 regret that the time allotted to me will not per-
mit me to say moie on this point. Rut it is, per-
haps, enough to have stated the proposition. I
have deemed it due to the people ot this country,
that the opinions of aspirants tor the Presidency
should be clearly understood. I have introduced
this fSiscussion now, that gentlemen representing
the various parties of the country, and the friends
of the numerous aspirants to the Presidency here,
may enlighten the people on questions of such
general and vital interest. Let the people have
hght, and they will see to it that none but a good
man of some party shall be elected President.
Should the politicians of neither party have the
moral courage, and sense of justice, and propriety
to spurn from its bosom the Free-Soil faction, the
people will take the matter into their own hands,
and a third party, planting and maintaining itself
on the Constitution, will be called to preside over
the destinies of the Republic. My purpose is to
elicit "debate; and seeing other gentlemen anxious
to address the committee, I yield the floor.
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. Chairman, I did not ex-
pect to enter into any political discussion at this
time, noi shall I do so to any considerable extent;
but I feel it to be due to myself and to die party
to which 1 belong to make a few remarks in reply
to the gentleman from Florida. I differ, I appre-
hend, m one respect from the gentleman from
Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] and that difference is this:
He has heretofore, as I understand, been a member
of the Whig party, and I have heretofore been a
member of the Democratic party. 1 come here
now a member of what is called the "Union
Party," and from the gentleman I understand he
comes here in the same character, lie says that
he, however, has never understood until now that
that party was formed with the purpose of carrying
out the principles of the Democratic party. I, just
like the gentleman, have never understood that the
party was formed for the particular purpose of
carrying out Whig principles. That party is com-
posed of Whigs and Democrats.
The gentleman asked why they are going to the
Baltimoie Convention ? They are going thereto
see whether the Baltimore Convention will adopt
the pnnciples for which they contend, and for
which I have always contended; and I have con-
tended that the principles upon which the Union
party of Georgia is formed are not, repugnant to
the principles of the Democratic party. Their
determination to sustain and prevent interference
with that institution so intimately connected with
the South is nothing more nor less than the Dem-
ocratic party has always determined when they
made it a part of their platform. JS'on-interven-
tion upon the subject of shivery was the doctrine
of the American people. When they say now
that Congress has no power to legislate upon the
subjeetof slavery, to irrhibit it from the Territories
belonging to the United States, that they have no
power to abolish it where it is, nor carry it where
it is not, tliev sustain the principles upon which
the Union party of Georgia is formed, and upon '
which they now stand. I say, if the Baltimore j
Convention will do this, they will sustain the po- ]
sition of the Union party of Georgia; and we are
willing, so far as the indications go, to unite with
that convention for the purpose of tiying the ex-
periment. Will the gentleman fall out with us for
endeavoring to do that which he wants to do him-
self? What is the objection to going to Baltimore?
If the principle can be carried out there, although
not in the words of the Georgia platform—if they h
recognize the principle, will we not have accotn-
phslied the object for which we united, and will il
we not be consistent wuh the position we have j
heretofore occupied? But the gentleman says,;'
why select that convention? Because the action |
in Georgia tells him. They tell him there that ;
they believe the Democratic party North will be .
more likely to recognize the principles for which ;
we contend than the Whig If the gentleman is
anxious these principles shall be sustained, why
object to their going there to try the experiment? j
W hy not as well go there as to the convention of ;
i the other party? I say I am willing to see the j
! principles of the Geoigia platform sustained, and <
have promised to stand by them no matter who j
i may adopt and carry them out.
1 The gentleman and myself are at issue upon
> another point. He prefers the man for the Presi-
dency above all others that I do not. That is
j another difference between the gentleman and my-
I self; and I tell him, if the Union party should
I think the Whig party would be more hkelv to i
! sustain and carry out the principles we consider
i of imparlance and vital to our very existence, I
! should not be the fust man to rise and say, that I
j object to going there, when I had not time to see
the worst—to know that was not the proper place
for carrying out our principles, I say it is right.
If we, by going there, enn do so, I for one shall
be proud that the party did go there, provided they
determine to do so.
Mr. CABELL, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion? The gendeman from Georgia and myself
&gree as to the object we have in view. I have
expressed the opinion, that if the Democratic
party nominate a man who will stand in the
position I have occupied for the last twelve
months, and the Whig party refuse'to nominate
such a man, I will give my support to the Demo-
I cratic candidate. Now, I ask the gentleman from
j Georgia, will he put himself upon that ground ?
| Will he say, if the Democratic party meet in con-
l vention, and adopt those unmeaning resolutions—
I the double-faced resolutions of 1848, nothing more,
and the resolutions of 1798, perhaps a little more
definite, and refuse to take the position which the
Union party of Georgia occupies, while the Whig
jwty slionld adopt the Georgia platform, in sub-
stance, will lie vote for the "Whig candidate, and
against the Democratic candidate?
Mr. POLK. They have other sins to answer
for.
Mr. MURPHY. I have just stated, and I re-
peat it, that we organized upon the principle of
the Union party of Georgia, and that that princi-
ple is proclaimed to the world. 1 say now, that I
will vote for no man who is opposed to it against
a man who is in favor of it.
Mr. CABELL. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question. Will he vote for a man if he
is a Whig, who is with him, against a Democrat
who is liotwith him? Will hevotefor the Demo-
crat or the Whig? Suppose the Whig Conven-
tion should put itself upon the Georgia platform,
as I suppose it will, and the Democratic Conven-
tion should not, will you, as a Union man, vote
for the Whig candidate and against the,Demo-
cratic candidate?
Mr. MURPHY. I thought I had answered
that question distinctly. He asks me now, if I
understand him, if the Whig candidate of the
convention puts himself in substance upon the
Georgia platfoim, and the Democratic candidate
does not, whether 1 will vote for the Whig- candi-
date or not. I am willing to be catechised upon
all political subjects. When I was put in nom-
ination for the seat which I have now the honor
to hold, 1 proclaimed everywhere in the canvass
that I was a Democrat; but it was unnecessary
to tell them that; everybody knew it. I said then
that I acted with the Wli'gs because I agreed with
them upon the issue which was then before the
country; and 1 looked upon it as paramount to alt
others "which had divided us before. I took par-
ticular care to say upon all occasions that those
who had charged me with turning Whig had mis-
understood me; that n>y political opinions upon
all former issues had undergone no change.
Now, I say to the gentleman, if the old Whig
doctrines were up, and the Democracy in opposi-
sition to them, his candidate was a Whig, and in
favor of a United States Bank, of a protective
tariff, of a distubution of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands, and against the Sub-Treasury: in short,
if he was in favor of all the doctrines I had op-
posed and believed to be wrong, he would have to
be more than in substance on the platform before
1 1 could vote for him.
I Mr. GORMAN. That will answer very well.
; Mr. MURPHY. While this question is up, I
| desire to ask the gentleman a question; and I want
' an answer. Why does he object to make the ex-
! periment at the Baltimore Convention, before he
'knows whether they will succeed there or not?
j What is his objection ; 1 ask.
Mr CABELL. I thought I had answered that
; question. 1 understood that the Union party of
Georgia was separating itself from all parties; and
it was assumed there,"that neither of the old par-
, ties occupied a position with which the Union
pparty could agree, otherwise theie was no neees-
t sity for forming this Union party. That was the
reason which induced Whigs to go into this new
organization, and similar reasons influenced the
I, Democrats who joined it. _
There are Whigs in Georgia who occupied the
': same position that the gentleman does to his party.
;i It would be just as reasonable for these Wiues to
II ask their Democratic associates to go with them
