4m
THU"'.' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.*
Feb. 3,
into a Whiff Convention and vote for their candi-
date because of their party affiliations, as for Union
Democrats to ask the Whigs to go into the Balti-
more Convention. Therefore 1 say, that you
should send delegates to neither convention. X
assume it to be the dutijr of the Union party to
have no connection with either of these parties,
until they have acted. When they have acted,
then you can take a position. Your party was
formed upon the principle that yon were to sepa-
rate from both of these parties. The gentleman
will bear ipe out in this: that the object of the
Union party was to separate from both of the old
parties—form a party upon the prineipleof this
great Union question—the compromise question;
and therefore there was an impropriety in asking
Whigs who had shown a willingness to separate
themselves from their party, to go into a Demo-
cratic Convention, because they had concluded
both parties were wrong. That is the reason you
should not ask Whig men who are as good Union
men as Democrats, and Democrats as good Union
men, as Whigs to go into convention at Baltimore
or Philadelphia.
Mr. MURPHY. I will not detain the House
long, but I desire in a few words to give the gen-
tleman the reasons why I am willing" to go to the
Baltimore Convention, for I confess I am willing
to go there, and I am only willing to go there
with the party with whom I now act. I believe it
is their duty to go there, and I am glad to see they
think so, from present indications. I propose now
to give the gentleman the reasons why I make this
declaration. I am not going into a discussion upon
this subject with the Abolitionists at this time.
We know there are a great many Abolitionists in
both parties, and we know that they contend
against the principles upon which we have organ-
ized. We know there are others opposed to de-
bating the principles elsewhere. Here 1 would re-
mark, for fear I may forget it, that 1 have never
said I \yould not go with'cither of the old parties.
My position during the canvass was, that I would
go with the party "that would carry out the prin-
ciples upon winch we were organized, and for
which I was !lien contending. Now the reason I
tun wilting to go to Baltimuieis this: We know
there is an opposition to us there, and we know,
too, that we have friends there. We know there
are men there who will be with us; and I say if by
going there and acting with them, we can coun-
teract the influence of those who are opposed to
us, and put the party upon principles that are right
and correct, wo shall have achieved that winch
determined the principles of the Union party in
Georgia. Is there any objection to taking that
course and making that experiment/ I hear gen-
tlemen say here, almost all of them, that the com-
promise is looked upon as a final settlement. They
are willing to say it everywhere, except in conven-
tion , and 1 en nuot for my life see why any man, who
is willing* to say it lieie, should not he willing to
say it there. If it is a settlement, wily not say so,
and act upon il as a settlement, and not keen up
the agitation amongst the people upon the subject? j
I Jill not saying tii.tt t am wedded to the Demo-
cratic party. I say t his: [ say I am wedded to all the
principles heretofore contended for by thai party.
I have acted upon tlieiri, and i have said ( believed
they were right. I did not say it because I was
a partisan. I said it because I believed it, and I
never expect to place myself in a position where
1 shall he compelled to condemn that position. I
suppose my friend is in the same condition. If I
can remain in the Democratic party without a <
sacrifice of the principles of the Union party, 1 am |
willing and anxious to do it without any conceal- !
ment. I am not willing to go with that party, or !
any other party, as the gentleman seems to inti- ,'j
mate, at the sacrifice of any feelings and principles
ot the Whig members of the Union party who
are now connected with me. But in the Georgia
movement, of which the gentleman complains, :
there were Wings and Democrats-men upon !
Whose opinions I could rely, and their opinion i
was, as expressed m the resolution,that our prin-
ciples will be more likely to be carried out there*
than tliej would be with the Whig party. Hence 1
it is tilut tliey have determined to make the ex- 1
penment. If the party take any other conrse-if 1
I can ng.ee w.tli it when it lays down its position,
and 1 presume I shall, I shall be found sustaining
the principles of the party with which I now act 1
I would not be willing to vote for the great Cap- j
tain. I differ with the gentleman in that respect. It-
may be that he has entertained principles different
from what I understand he now does upon the
subject of slavery, and I therefore make no decla-
ration as to what I may hereafter do.. I only in-
tend to say, his great captain would not be my
particular choice. I intend to lay down a prefer-
ence for no particular man. I am willing to vote
for the man who places himself upon correct prin-
ciples, and pledges himself to carry them out. Let
that man be whom he may, to that I hold.- I
could not say that I would vote for this man, be-
cause he was called a'Democrat, or that man,
because he was called a Whig; and my opinion is,
that the time for forming a National Union party
is past. The indications are now all against it,
and 1 ask, if it be so, whether the Union party of
Georgia are to stand still in a position where they
can do nothing, rather than act with those with
whom they can agree, and where they can do much?
I have made these remarks hastily, not intending
to say anything upon the subject; but feeling my-
self called upon, by the remarks made against the
action of the State which 1 have the honor in part
to represent, and by way of explaining the action of
the party who have sent me here, I have submitted
these remarks, and will now conclude, thanking
the committee for their indulgence.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of making a political speech, as has been
done by the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,]
upon a bill which has for its object the granting of
mere authority to the soldier to transfer his land
warrant. I think, with due deference to the gen-
tleman from Florffla, [Mr. Cabeli.,1 after all the
long speeches 1 have heard delivered in the House
of'Representatives, and elsewhere, that this is the
most unpropitious bill upon which to make a po-
litical speech.
I have not risen for the purpose of replying' to !
the gentleman from Florida, or of making a po-
litical speech; but I desire to call the attention of |
the committee to the subject-matter now under !
consideration. _ What is it? Why, it is a bill j
which has for its object to permit the soldiers who ■
received bounty land wariants, under the act of '.
the last Congress, to transfer those warran's. I !
take occasion to say, that there is no subject
which has been before this Congress, or which
will come befoie it, in which the poor soldierfeels >
more interest than he does in this little bill. And
yet the gentleman from Florida giaveiy gets up
here, and upon this bill, of all others, predicates a
political speech, and attempts to read political lec-
tures to the two great political parties of the coun-
try, and also, at the same time, alludes to this
lately-formed, new-fangled, piebald, third party,
composed of factions of all parties, and misnamed
" the Onion Party."
Mr. DISNEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I desire to say a woid
or two of explanation purely of a personal charac-
ter, which 1 should have said when the gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Cabell] was up had it not been
for li>s obvious impatience to proceed with his re-
mai ks. That gentleman took occasion to allude to
the fact that ] did not vote for the fugitive slave
law of the lost Congress, 1 told the gentleman at
the time, and 1 repeat it now, that the reason why
I did not vote for that law, was because it was, in
my judgment, defective, and would not accomplish
the objects for which it was designed, but would
be a weapon in the hands of the Free-Soilers. The ,
chairman of the committee who had that bill in I
charge, called for the previous question upon it. !
I urged him to withdraw the call, to enable me to !
offer amendments that would put the bill in a j
shape that would accomplish, as I thought, the !
desired object. He refused to do it, and°as I did j
not choose to have the bill crammed down my
throat in th.it defective form, I determined to vote
against it, for ! apprehended then, what has since
proved to be true, that the bill, in its present shape,
would be an instrument of agitation in the hands
of the Free-Soilers of the North. I make these j
remarksto set myself right before the country, and I
right before the members of this House, and the i
record wi!i bear me out in what I have said. j
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 desire fo ask
my colleague a question. jj
Mr. McMULLIjV. Really, I am so good-na- l|
tured that all my time will be consumed. [Laugh- | j
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not wish to make a !i
speech. I merely wish to inquire of my col-
league, whether he is oppose^ to any modification
of the fugitive slave law ?
Mr. DiSNEY. I will answer that question cat-
egorically. Iam. .And why? Because the peo-
ple of the country generally having agreed to the
settlement of this matter, though I believed it to be
t defective, i am willing to submit to it. Is my
colleague answered ?
Mr. POLK. How are you ^ow, Mr. Camp-
bell? [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will vote to modify, or'
repeal the law. Are you answered ?
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] allow me to put an interrogatory
to him ?
Mr. CABELL. Th« gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] addressed himself to me, and there-
fore I ask permission to say a word or two.
Mr, POLK. Will the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McMullin] allow me to propound an in-
quiry to the gentleman from Ohio ? [Mr. Camp-
bell.]
[Loud cries of " Order!" and great confusion in
the Hall.]
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 cannot yield the floor to
so many gentlemen, but I give way to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to ask his question.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] has asked his colleague, the Represent-
ative of the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Disney,] if
he is opposed to any alteration or modification of
the compromise acts of 1850; and that gentleman
replies that, he will oppose any such modification.
I now propound to the gentleman furthest from
me [Mr. Campbell] this question: Will you, sir,
vote to open up the discussion of the agitating
question of slavery? Will you vote to amend,
modify, or change any part of the compromise
measures ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take great pleasure in
answering the question which has been propound-
ed to me. I think I can say with safety that I
have taken no steps since the organization of this
Congress to agitate again the question of slavery,
but- 
Mr. POLK. I demand a categorical answer to
my question. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I shall not yield anything
to a demand of that sort. I have not said that I
am in favor of an agitation of that question here
at this particular time. I have not said that I am
in favor of agitating it here, because I know
enough of this House, from the experience of the
last Congress, to be aware of the fact that agita-
tion upon that subject in this House, in these days,
is attended with no practical good. Now, as to
the other question, the gentleman desires to know
whether, if a vote of this House should be taken
upon a proposition to modify the fugitive slave
law, I would vote to modify it? I answer lum,
without any equivocation or circumlocution, that
I would so vote, because, whilst I admit the full
force of the constitutional obligation in relation to
fugitives from labor, I believe that the details of
the law are unjust and oppressive. I believe that
the day will come, and that, too, before long, when
the public mind will require a change—when
Southern statesmen, whose minds are not so blind-
ed by prejudice as to prevent their distinguishing
right from wrong, will themselves rise up here
and propose a modification of that law.
Mr. POLK. Now, will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to ask him another question ?
• ^r: CAMPBELL. As many as you please,
sir, if it takes up the whole day, provided the
gentleman from Virginia will allow me timeenough
to answer them.
Mr. POLK. I have not the pleasure of suffi-
cient acquaintance with the gentleman to know,
and therefore I desire to ask him whether he is a
Whig or a Democrat?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe there is a difference
between Southern Whigs and Northern "VVhi°-s
as there certainly is between Southern Democrats'
and Northern Democrats upon the question of
slavery. So far as I am concerned, 1 think my
political opinions have always been perfectly un-
derstood in my own State; audi should be better
understood were 1 to inform the gentleman what
principles and measures I advocate, but this is no
time for that. I have always been regarded there
as a w lug. I have always been nominated when
a candidate as a Whig. I have always advocated
