1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
2233
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator indulge me in
one word ? I wish to say that the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Soiti.e,] whose re-
marks were commented upon bythe Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] the other day, is de-
sirous of answering some portion of the remarks
of the latter Senator. He thinks it is necessary
in his behalf that he should answer some of the
remarks of the Senator from New York. I there-
fore give notice to the Senate, that on the day
after to-morrow, soon after the Senate meets, I
shall move that the Senator from Louisiana be
heard upon the subject of the fisheries.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I rise to move
that the Senate take up the bill " making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending June 30, 1853,
•and for other purposes,"in order that we may
adjourn on it to-day, so as to have it the special
-order for to-morrow. I make that motion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust the Senate will
not agree to the motion which has been made by
my worthy and distinguished friend from Vir-
ginia. I want to make an issue with him now be-
tween the civil and diplomatic bill and the river
and harbor biil; and I want a test of strength on
the subject this evening by a fair Vote. If the
Senate decide to take up now, in view of the ad-
journment, and to give preference to the civil and
diplomatic bill, thus putting the river and harbor
bill behind it, it will, in my opinion, jeopard the
fate of the latter bill. The civil and diplomatic
bill will certainly go through; there is no mistake
about it; but there is some little doubt about the
river and harbor bill, judgingfromsomeindications
here on that subject. If there is a majority in this
body in favor of the riv^er and harbor bill, I trust
they will vote down the motion which has been
made by the Senator from Virginia, and take up
■ the river and harbor bill, and adjourn upon it, so
as to have it the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 believe I had obtained the floor,
and addressed the Chair; and I think I was recog-
nized as entitled to the floor; but the Chair sug-
gested to me that there were one or two bills on
the table from the House which might be referred,
and I yielded. Instead of proceeding with those
bills, however, the floor was yielded to others.
When I obtained the floor,! obtained it for the
purpose.of moving that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the homestead bill, upon which
motion I intended to ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sen-
ator frbm Virginia to take up the civil and diplo-
matic bill, is the question pending.
Mr. HUNTER. There are other appropri-
ation bills to be acted upon, besides the civil and
diplomatic bill. There is the Army bill, the Na-
vy bill, and the Post Office bill; and I think it
would promote the dispatch of business, if we
were to take up the civil and diplomatic bill first.
If the Senate determine to act upon the river and
harbor bill, it can be done after the civil and dip-
lomatic bill is disposed of, because there will be a
certain portion of time consumed between the two
Houses, in relation to amendments to the latter
. bill. If all of these subjects are to be acted upon,
I believe we should get through more certainly
and rapidly by taking them up in that order. I am
■ against the river and harbor bill. I shall vote
-against it; but it is not my purpose to defeat it by
indirection. All I ask is, that the appropriation
: bills shall have a fair chance. It seems to me,
that if we put off the civil and diplomatic bill,
there will not be time to consider it. It embraces
a great many subjects. It appropriates a large
, sum of-money, ana there are a great many amend-
ments to be offered to it. I think, that in order to
do justice to the business of the country, that bill
should be taken up" to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have been
admonished that the river and harbor bill is to be
contested at all points, and to be delayed as long
as the constitutional rules of this body will enable
members to do it. I think that that enunciation
was made when the bill was first taken up for the
purpose of reference. If that course is to be pur-
sued, I suppose the friends of the bill would think
it worth while to take it up at an early day. I
gave notice that I should move to take it up yes-
terday; but the Senator from Michigan had prece-
dence with his bill, and it has occupied us for the
last two days, not verv profitably I must say; but
-1 hope the friends of the river and harbor bill, if ]
they mean that it shall pass, will feel disposed to
take it up at the earliest moment, and consider it,
say to-morrow. That seems to be the feeling of
gentlemen. I have no disposition to interfere at
all with the dispatch of business. On the contra-
ry, I wish to promoteit; but there is a strong feel-
ing, and a strong wish, by a great number of
members, to take up this bill and dispose of it.
Whether it will occupy much time, or little time *
will depend on the opposition which it receives.
I hope it will be taken up to-morrow morning, and
proceeded with until it is finished. I make this
suggestion at the request of many gentlemen who
feel an interest, a greater interest than I do per-
sonally, in this bill; and I wish now that the
Senate may take the subject into consideration,
whether it is not expedient for them to take it up
as the next measure upon which we shall act.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to post-
pone the previous orders, in order to take up the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. G'WIN. Mr. President, I hope that mo-
tion will be agreed to. If there is to be a contest
at this session, as there was at the last session,
between the appropriation bills and the river and
harbor bill, I think the sooner we know it, the
better. If the appropriation bills are to give place
to the river and harbor bill, as at the last session,
and the river and harbor bill is to be forced through
or we are to run the risk of losing the appropria-
tion bills, the sooner we know it, and are pre-
pared for it, the better.
I am entirely opposed to this illegitimate mode
of legislation. I presume that never in the his-
tory of this Government, till the last session of
Congress, was there such a state of things as ex-
isted in regard to the river and harbor bill. The
appropriation bills were put behind that bill for
the purpose of forcing it through the Senate. We
all know the consequence. Within four or five
hours of the close of the session we passed appro-
priation bills to the amount of $40,000,000; and
some of them without even being read; and some
were in such a mutilated state as to be totally in-
efficient. Some of the most important measures
for the State which I have the honor in part to
represent, were rendered entirely nugatory bythe
manner in which the bills were passed. I hope,
therefore, that the forcing that bill before the ap-
propriation bill will not, at this period of the ses-
sion, be attempted. I believe there is time enough
to consider it. I believe there is force enough in
the Senate to pass a river and harbor bill; and,
perhaps, to displace the civil and diplomatic bill in
the manner proposed.
So far as I am concerned, I am in favor of
pressing the appropriation bills through rapidly.
I am willing to commence early and sit late, but
it seems to'me to be due to the interests of the
country that we should not put the appropriation
bills aside and take up the river and harbor bill,
as at the last session.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
California is rather reversing the thing. I think
the proposition is not to put aside the civil and
diplomatic bill for the purpose of taking up some-
thing out of its order, but it seems to me that the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia is to re-
verse the order of things. It is to take up the
civil and diplomatic bill in an order which it is
not entitled to. The river and harbor bill has
been here for some time, long before the civil and
diplomatic bill. Now, if the Senator is so anx-
ious that the order of business shall be preserved,
I think he ought to go against the proposition of
the Senator from Virginia to take up the civil and
diplomatic bill out of its order. But to express
my view, and to take the sense of the Senate upon
it, I move to amend the motion of the Senator
from Virginia by substitutingthe river and harbor
bill for the civil and diplomatic hill. That will
bring up the question, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia is with regard to the order of
business, and it is not subject to amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to take up the civil and
diplomatic bill.
The yea's and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Then let this be a test question.
Those who are in favor of taking up the river and
harbor bill will vote against the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BORLAND. That is my object.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should be glad to concur
with my honorable friends, the Senatois from
Virginia and California—being with them on the
Committee on Finance—but I cannot conscien-
tiously vote for giving the civil and diplomatic bill
precedence over the river and harbor bill,'believ-
ing that if it be done we shall not be able to pass _
the river and harbor bill at this session; and I
arrive at that conclusion somewhat from reference
to' the past history >of legislation. I have seen
efforts made here, directly and indirectly, to defeat
bills having for their object appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors.- I think that
my honorable friend from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] is
wise in pressing his proposition to have the river
and harbor bill taken up to-day, and I hope that
this vote will be regarded as a test question, be-
lieving as I do, that if we get the river and harbor
bill before the Senate, we can pass it; and believ-
ing also, that if it be put behind the appropriation
bills, we shall not be able to pass it at this ses-
sion.
Mr. BUTLER. The civil and diplomatic bill
is absolutely necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment, and it is said that it is perfectly safe—that
it will pass-any way, in other words, that-weshall
be compelled to pass a bill, which is the only kind
-of bill by which we can control the'operations of
this Government at last, without discussion, be-
cause it is indispensable to carry on the operations
of the Government. Now, with regard to the river
and harbor bill, who will pretend to say that that
bill is indispensable? Cannot the riverand harbor
bill wait for two months ?
Mr. BORLAND. It has already waited four
years.
Mr. BUTLER. The river and harbor bill is
not indispensable; and I would say to my friend
from Arkansas, that the river and harbor bill is
not much over four years old. Such a proposi-
tion, if brought forward twenty years ago, would
have been regarded as-a new doctrine in this Gov-
ernment. One of these bills is indispensable, the
other is not; and I wish to make that remafk, and
gentlemen can vote for taking up either of them,
as they please.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, we have but
eleven days of the session now to work in, and
with all theidiscretion and power we possess, can
we do more than properly complete the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill in that time? Can
we give it that investigation to which it is entitled
in less time ? If Tve take up the river and harbor
bill, shall we have an opportunity of investigating
that, and its various provisions ? If it is to be
forced upon the Senate without investigation, I
shall only have to record my vote against it. There
are provisions in it which I presume I should be
very glad to support; but there are others for which
I cannot vote. If we are to run the risk of post-
poning the civil and diplomatic bill for the purpose
of taking up the river and harbor bill, which has
not been investigated and looked into by the mem-
bers of this House—no discussion having taken
place in the Senate upon it—and it is to be forced
down our throats, the sooner we submit to dicta-
tion the better. I will yield, if the majorityof the
Senate decide against me.' All that I can do is, to
record my vote against the passage of any im-
portant measure, involving not merely millions,
but principle, which is above millions, unless I
am allowed to investigate it. I never can vote for
the bill until it is investigated by the Senate, and
until I have heard reasons adduced in-favor of its
adoption.
Mr. MALLORY. In consequence of the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Indiana, I
deem it necessary to say a word in relation to this
matter, to explain the vote I shall give. I have
not examined the river and harbor bill, and the
vote which I shall now cast will be no indication
of how I shall vote upon that bill when it comes
properly before us. Other Senators seem to re-
gard this-as a test question as to that bill, but I
cannot so regard it. There are certain improve-
ments of that character for which I shall be very
happy to vote on a proper occasion, but 1 do not
consider this as a test vote. -
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not mean by what I said
to be understood as declaring in favor.of the river
and harbor bill, as it came from the House, just
as it reads, without alteration and amendment. I
know.it needs amendment, and I shall vote for
amendments to it. I mean to-improve it as far as
