1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45'T
the measures which are called Whig measures in
Ohio. I have always voted the Whig ticket through-
out my whole life, without a scratch, except in the
presidential election of 1848, when, for the first and,
as { trust, the last time, I " dodged," and did not
vote at all. But, Mr. Chairman, I rose a while
ago to propound an interrogatory to the gentleman
from Florida.
Mr. POLK. Stop, I have not done with you
vet.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Nor have I done with yon,
sir. I desired, as the gentleman from Florida
| Mr. Cabell] (who is now so strenuously in
favor of committals and platforms) will well re-
member, in the National Convention at Philadel-
phia, to have the opinions of the candidates spread
upon the record. That gentleman will also re-
member that, notwithstanding almost the entire
portion of that Convention from the North desired
it, he was one of the chief actors in yelling down
those who advocated an unequivocal expression,
and, I may say, to some extent in stifling an ex-
pression of the true sentiments of that body. I
think, therefore, that it comes with a very bad
grace from him now to say that he requires the
platform to be distinctly laid down.
Mr. CAEELL. I have but a single word to
say, and that is, that I was not a member of the
Philadelphia Convention.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If you were not a regular
delegate there you were brought in as an outsider,
andl know used all your influence to prevent the
passage of any resolutions.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from Ohio has
answered my questions, if I understand him cor-
rectly, first, that he would vote to repeal or modify
the fugitive slave law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Understand me, that I ad-
mit the full force of the constitutional provision,
and would vote for a law on the subject of fugi-
tives from labor; but I am against the unjust de-
tails of the present law, and "when the time comes
for voting I will so record my name.
Mr. POLK. I wish you to be distinct, if you
please. X do not wish to misapprehend you, and
therefore 1 ask the question again, provided you
will not make a long speech in reply.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman intends
to dictate to me the terms or the manner in which
I shall answer his question, 1 will not answer it at j
all. I understand as well as he does what is due j
m courtesy from one member to another, and I ;
shall endeavor to maintain my dignity as well as j
my rights. I
'Mr" POLK. Unless I have misapprehended j
the gentleman, he says that he belongs to the j
Whig party, that he has always been nominated I
by and voted with the Whig party, and that he
stands in his own district in high estimation as a
Whi". X now asl%him, is it anelement in the
creed" of Whtggery that that fugitive slave law
shall be repealed, modified, or amended'
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not said whether I
stood high or not in my own district. That is for
others to speak of, not for me. I do not come
here for the purpose of answering for all the
Whigs in my .State, nor will 1 answer for all tlie^
Whigs 111 my district, nor for all the Democrats of
my district, for I will freely aJmit there is a di-
\crsity of opinion among them. A very few are
for tlie law as it is; but most of them, of bota
parties, are for a modification or a repeal. I an- .
swer now for myself, and myseit alone. My :
opinions, however, are well known and under-
stood in my district and State. The gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] if I understood him,
desired that I should not make a long speech. I !
do not intend to make one; but I wish it to be j
distinctly undeistood, that in no instance, since I
the opening of this Congress, have I proposed to
renew the slavery agitaiion here, or to reopen the
" bleeding wounds.'" And let it be remembered,
that no Northern man has yet introduced the
vexed question into our debates. All this agita-
tion comes from the South.
I have only risen for the purpose of answering,
as I think I have answered, very directly, the
questions propounded by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.] Whilst I acknowledge
the full force of our constitutional duty m regard
to fugitives from labor, still I believe the details of
that law are iniquitous, oppressive, and unjust.
That is my opinion; and whenever I am called on
to give my vote, I shall vote in accordance with
that opinion: for I know of no principle of moral '
philosophy by which I could justify myself in
voting against a law which is right, or for a law
which is wrong. And I believe that a majority of
the people of Ohio, of all parties, take a similar !
position. I
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt, that if I >
have done nothing else, I am entitled to the grate- .
ful acknowledgments of the gentlemen who have ;
availed themselves of my courtesy to make gen- j
eral speeches out of my time. !
Now, I must be permitted to express my sur- i
prise, as I also do my regret at the course of re- ij
marks submitted by the gentleman from Florida, ,|
[Mr. Cabell.] That gentleman informed this j
House, that he had taken an oath of allegiance by 1
subscribing his name to that memorable pledge :
gotten up by the members of the Thirty-first Con- j
gress. My friend on my right says a second i
declaration of independence. The gentleman from j
Florida seems to pride himself upon the fact, that !
he was one of the signers of the second declaration
of independence. But that gentleman went fur- '
ther. He said that there was not a single South- i
em Democratic member of the House, who signed j
that paper, except the gentleman from Georgia, :
Mr. Cobb, now the Chief Executive of that State, j
And why? I ask the gentleman from Florida, ;
emphatically, why the Southern Democrats did '
thus refuse to take the pledge? 1 will answer for '
these Southern Democrats. 1 will answer for my- I
self, as an humble member of the Democratic party.
I desired no additional testimony to go to the peo- ]
pie whom I had the honor to represent, either of
my attachment to the Union or the Democratic ;
party. The gentleman from Florida, though a j
son of Virginia, yet i fear, like some other sons of ;
Virginia who have emigrated fiom her shores, has ;
degenerated from the spirit of a true Virginian.
I tell you, gentlemen, those associated with me
upon this floor as Virginia Democrats, do not need ;
the testimony of such pledges to our constituents, i
in order to assure them of our fidelity to the Union :
and the Constitution. !
Mr. CABFLL. The gentleman from Virginia ;
says that he and ins associates from Virginia are too ;
well known to need any pledge or any declaration !
of sentiment upon tins subject. Now, it happens j
that in the last Congress the delegation from Vir- 1
ginia was nearly equally divided upon all theseques- :
tions upon which this pledge was made. I most
respectfully ask that gentleman what is the true ,
Virginia doctrine* for I find one portion of that 1
delegation advocating one side of these questions :
and the other portion advocating another. 1 ask j
that o-entlenian, what is the true Virginia doctrine? !■
Mr. McMULLIN". I will answer with a great
deal of pleasure, and I thank the gentleman for the
interrogatory. The true Virginia doctrine is a 1
strict construction of the Constitution of the coun- 1
try. [Laughter and applause.] I hope my friend :
from Florida v/ill make such a declaration and :
stick to it. If he will, I will be with him. He
says that upon the subject of the compromise the j
Virginia delegation were divided; and so they j
were: but they wore not divided upon the great ;
cardinal doctrines. If they were divided, how did '
that delegation act5 They acted like statesmen i
and like "men. Thev acted like friends of their
country. And how was that? Why, we did not ,
choose to make war on each other. But we acted
upon the principle which I would recommend to ■
the favorable notice of the parly to which the gen-
tleman from Florida belongs, as well as to some
gentlemen who bear the cognomen of Democra's.
It is a principle mibodied in the poetical adage of
Dr. Franklin: ,
*'•' If we to the follies of our :ire blmJ,
Om tnend* will ever treat n* kind ;
But it we their follies evpo-e,
Oui fneml* will then boumue our foes."1
I tell the gentleman from Florida that Virginia
politicians have as their polar star a stiict adher-
ence to the Constitution of our country; and I
tell that gentleman further, that the old Demo-
cratic party proper—the real Jeffersonian, .Jack-
sonian Hunker Democratic party—have been, as
thev now are, the real Union party of the country
 the real friends of the Union. And because
we have differences among ourselves; because
some of my honorable colleagues and myseit dif-
fer in reference to these compromise measures, is
that any good substantial reason why we should
come over and vote with the party to which the
gentleman from Florida belongs ? Mr. Chairman 9
I address myself to a body composed of men-
men of sense—men of discriminating minds;
aiul I beg to call their attention for a moment
to this inquiry: Of whom is the Whig par-
ty composed ? Who are its members? Go back
to 1840, and what were its principles then T I risk
the gentleman from Florida to tell us what were
the principles of the Whig party then? Why,
they were " Tip and Ty, log cabins, coon skins,
cider barrels," and all that st>rt of flummery.
[Laughter.] Sir, it Was a disgrace. Aye, sir, it
was a reflection upon the character of the Amer-
ican people! Where was the gentleman from
Florida m the campaign of 1844?
Mr. CABELL. I was too young then to take
part m it.
Mr. McMULLIN. My friend was a young
man, but I suspect he knew how to sing some of
those songs. I knew him well when a boy, and
he was from one of the first families of Virginia.
[Great laughter.] He left his native State, a very
promising young gentleman, but I dare say when
he arrived in Florida he felt too young to enter
actively into that campaign. Kut I dare say he
learned some of those songs out of that memorable
" yaller kiver"' book. [Laughter.] I desire that
the gentleman from Florida shall inform his con-
stituents—for if 1 understood him his speech was
not made for the purpose of enlighteningthe House
of Representatives upon the bill now under con-
sideration, but for Buncombe—for his especial con-
stituents—what were the principles of the Whig
party m 1844> If I had the time and disposition
to call the attention of the House and the country
to the principles of that party, I think I could
show that their principles had become obsolete.
.Cut [ come back to the question to which I desire
to call the attention of the House and the country,
viz: the division in the Virginia de'egation. How,
I ask, would my friend from the Norfolk district,
[Mr. Millson,] or my friend from the Lynchburg
district, [Mr. Bocock,] or any of my colleagues
who differed with me upon these compromise
measures, look, if they were to take counsel from
the sage statesman from Florida, and vote with
the Whig party for President r—for the kind of play
now seems to be that of making Presidents instead
of attending to the ordinary legislation of the coun-
try. I ask the gentleman from Florida, how he
could expect either of my colleagues to vote with
him and the Whig party—a party with which they
have no sort of Identity, or union of feeling, or
interest whatever? They do not agree upon any
one political question, ihit if my colleagues differ
with the Whig paity upon every one of the items
composing, their political creed, can they he ex-
pected to abandon the Democratic party, orto aban-
don the nominee of the Democratic party, because,
forsooth they happened to differ from their Demo-
cratic brethren upon a party question ?^ Now, f
ask gentlemen of this House, as intelligent and
discriminating men, whether the gentleman from
Florida or the Whig party have the right to ex-
pect that the Democratic party, whether Union
Democrats, or, as gentlemen sometimes call them,
the fire-eating Democrats, can cooperate with the
Whig party, with whom they differ fiom A to Z?
No, sir.
But the gentleman from Florida was pleased to
say some oihei singular things. He charged, or
rather attempted to make the impression upon the
country, that the Democratic party, in the organ-
ization of the present Congress, had admitted into
, their legislative caucus the Free-Soil Democrats.
: Ah! I wonder if there were no Fiee-Soil Aboli-
tion Whiffs in the Whw  caucus? Why does not
i the gentleman tell his dearly-beloved constituents
i how many there were in his caucus? It will not
1 do to tell tales out of school, and the gentleman is
too well taught in his pelitic.il school to tell tales.
' Mr.'CABELL. I thought this matter was
I gone over fully the first day of the session. The
i proceedings of that caucus were published, and
| are well known to the Whigs of the country. I
| soy now to the gentleman frory Virginia, as I said
1 then, and as was said by others, that, there are
' Free-Soilers who have acted \v;th the Whig party,
1 and there are i'ree-Soileis who have acted with
the Democratic party, it was announced to the
House then, and I snv now, that Free-Sorters
' were in our caucus: but when they found that the
Whig caucus were about to do what the Demo-
cratic caucus had failed to do, they left and
