1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
than those already alluded to as to the impolicy
of the course of the Administration at that period,
although I am free to admit that there could have
been no sinister or improper motives oil the part
of the Administration, much less of the honorable
Senator who was at the head of the "War Depart-
ment. The fundamental principle upon which
these claims are brought forward is the policy
which the Government pursued in making the
treaty of 1832, and in the carrying of it into exe-
cution .
I said that it was a most unfortunate policy,
and I repeat it. It not only resulted in these dis-
astrous conflicts between the whites and the In-
dians, in which blood was shed, but it resulted in
the expenditure of S3,000,000. That wets an es-
timate I made from recollection, having some re-
membrance of the transactions connected with the
Creek Indians in the period of 183G-'37. It led to
an additional expenditure ot ^3,000,(100. That ia
not material, however. That became necessary
by tlie first-fruits of the false policy of the Gov-
ernment. What was that policy ? It is the ground
upon which these claims have to be sustained, if
they are sustained at all; for I beg leave here, in
the outset of my reply, to state what I stated in sub-
stance yesterday, that the intercouse law does not
embrace such claims, although the spirit of it, as
has been argued by the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] may well be said to apply to them.
But they do not rest on that exclusively. I said
there was no principle of obligation resting on the :
Government to protect the property of its citizens
in time of war, as a general principle, against a
public enemy. Whether this Indian outbreak be
considered as a war, properly speaking, or not,
there were still behind that the circumstances in
the nature of the policy of the Government adopt-
ed in this particular Indian treaty, and in the pol- ;
icy pursued in attempting its execution and the
removal of the Indians west, which take it out of
all those principles, I mean such principles as
would exclude the inhabitants of Alabama from
coming to the Government and claiming indem-
nity upon the new principles growing out of 'hat
anomalous policy, a policy unknown in the former
history of the country. I said there were these
new facts and circumstances, and principles
founded upon them, upon which they could come
here, and that they had created an obligation on
the part of the Government that could not be dis-
regarded when we look into the history and origin
of the depredations. What is that extraordinary
policy? I stated that (his was the first treaty in
which the Government had permitted—expiessly
in the terms of the treafy itself—and sustained,
also, because they could not prevent it, perhaps,
after the treaty had been executed, so far as the
people of Alabama were concerned—the white
settlers to enter within the limits of the Indian
Territory before they removed them. What is i
that treaty? The honorable Senator from Mich-j
igan did not allude to the clause of it under which j
these difficulties arose. It is in the fifth article, >
and is in these words: j
"All intruders upon the terutorv hereby ceiled slinll be j
removed therefrom in the ^ainp manner as intruders may
b." removed bv law from o^hci public lands, until the conn- !
try I-, surveyed arid tiie hflectioii f- made."' j
That is, by the Indian reservations, of which
there were about six thousand. !
" Excepting, however, from this provision tiio--fi white !
persons, wlio have m.ulc thfnr own unp-ioveinc'iitc .and not !
nxpelledtho Orocksfrom theirs Rueli person* may remain j
until their crops aie gathered. After the country 1^ s-ur- I
veyed and the selections made, this article snail nor oper- j
ate upon that part <>f it riot included in s-ueh -'election.-.'* !
I call the attention of the honorable Senator I
from Michigan to that fact. He stated yesterday, |
that the treaty was well considered. 44 After the >
' country in surveyed and the selections made, this !
< article shall nor operate upon that part of it not !
' included in the selections/' What is the mean- !
ing and purport of that article' A bony ot the !
Indian country which had been ceded by the
treaty of 1832", as boon as it was surveyed, and
before it was even sold, was laid open to the popu- ;
lation of the surrounding States, and of tin3 citi-
zens of the United States generally, by the^ex- ;
press provisions of the treaty itself. Isow, it the'
honorable Senator from Michigan chooses to in- ^
rerpose an explanation, I shall be happy rn hear ,
jt. X call noon him to state what the policy or (
the Government was in introducing this new fen- ;
tare to coerce by that means the removal of the •
Indians and drive them out of the territory by j
letting in the whites, and showing' the Indians |
that, from the necessity of their condition, they
were obliged to go
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator refer me to the !
section of the treaty to which he alludes ?
Mr. BELL. It is the fifth article of the treaty. ,
I will go on, and the Senator can answer at any j
time. I reaffirm that all these disasters, these
depredations, this destruction of the property pf ;
the citizens of Alabama, followed naturally, and
by a sort of inevitable necessity, from the policy ■
adopted by the Government, which was the ■
ground-work of a new principle for indemnity for '
losses sustained by the citizens. Either the obli-
gation i ests upon Alabama or upon the Govern-
ment of the United States to indemnify these citi- j
zens. Jf it rests fairly upon the State of Alabama, !
the application ought to be made to the Legisla- !
ture of that State. If it rests fairly upon the i
United States, the application is well made and
the question is well here. There is nothing in ,
the preceding policy of this Government—there is 1
no principle established on regular principles roc- '
ognized by this Government heretofore—that op- :
plies to such a case as this. I
Mr. CASS. I have been reading the article to j
which the Senator refers, and will ask him what
is precisely the point he makes ? j
Mr. BELL. I mean to say that a new piinci- !
pie and a new obligation were incurred by the
Government by a new feature adopted in this
treaty. In the first place, it ought to be premised
that it was not provided in the tieaty itself that
the Indians should remove before the white settlers
were admitted to occupy their territory. The
article to which I referred is, that as soon as the 1
lands are surveyed, and without reference to the j
removal of the Indians, of course implying while
they remained there, the white population was
free to go in and cover their territory.
Mr. CASS. The country was purchased by
the United States. There were five millions of
acres; and had there been no Indian reservations |
there, the settlers would have gone there next day. j
There were reservations allowed. The treaty said i
to the settlers that they should not go there until 1
the country was surveyed, and the Indians had i
made their selections. They could go on it, be-j
cause the rest of the land was the land of the Urn- 5
ted States. They had the same right to s;o there }
as on any of the public lands. That is the pro- |
vision of the treaty. The same system prevailed j
in relation to every other portion of the public J
land. The moment it was opened up, everybody ;
could go ihere; but to protect the Indians, the i
treaty said, you shall not go in until the land is j
surveyed and selected for the Indians. j
Mr. P>ELL. T beg pardon of the honorable 1
Senator, but I ihink that is an evasion. Has it
been ihe policy of the Government, or was it the ;
intention of the Government, in this treaty, when ;
there were twenty-one thousand Indian souls |
within the limits of the territory ceded, besides |
some two or three thousand negroes, to buyout
the land, and still let them remain permanent resi-
dents of the country? Was there nothing con-
templated as to their removal westward? Was
there no provision m the treaty which showed that
: the Government had in view their removal west of
the Mississippi: The policy of the Government
had been that the Indians shall remove within a
given time.
Mr. CASS. You knew, Mr. President, that
the treaty could not have been made unless the res-
ervations had been granted to the Indians, and a
right to go or remain, as they pleased. The Gov-
ernment provided for the removal of every Indian
who would go; but those who would not go had
a right to remain and sell the land, or hold it, ae
they pleased. Not one foot of country ouhl hnvo
been obtained without that provision.
Mr. BELL. I was showing, by the provisions
of the treaty, that the Government had contracted
an obligation which is not usually contracted in
such cases, in regard to Indian depredations. I
repeat a?;am, that twenty-one thousand Indians
are said to have been occupying the territory of
only five millions of acres; and that there was no
provision made for their removal prior to the
filling up of thp country by white settlors all
lound them. What is the answer of the honor-
able Senator to thatWhy, that it was a politi-
cal necessity; and you, Mr. President, are ap-
pealed to to confirm the truth of what he stated—
that the fact was that no treaty could be made
unless on these anomalous terms. That does not
touch my argument. It is only affirmative of
what I laid down yesterday, that the Government
has pursued a policy which made it liable for all
the consequences.
Mr. CASS. I hope the Senator will pardon
me for interrupting him a moment.
Air. BELL. Certainly, as often as the Sen-
ator chooses.
Mr. CASS. I say again, as I have already
said, the Senator is perfectly right in stating that
the Government wanted to remove the Indians.
The terms of the treaty are express upon that
point. Government did want to remove them;
but they expressly stipulated that they would not
force them to go.
Mr. BELL. Of course. I was coming to that,
and to prove by the treaty, everything that I had
said, if the Senator had waited a moment.
Mr. CASS. I will wait with pleasure.
Mr. BELL. I must be very unfortunate if I
cannot be understood by the Senator nor the Sen-
ate generally, when I say, I care not what may
have been the political necessities of the country
of any sort, which appeared to them to be of such
a nature rs to require that a treaty should be made
on some terms or other. That is not the ques-
tion. But those necessities having existed, they
felt themselves under obligations to make a treaty
such as was unknown in our Government before;
and there has been none like it since. They felt
themselves authorized to make it on account of
the stress of public sentiment in particular quar-
ters of the country, and their having made it, I
Hay, is the foundation of this claim. Whether
they made it with an ill or a good motive is not
the question. I have no doubt it was a good mo-
tive; and I only stated the facts, that they, in con-
sequence of it, opened a country containing five
millions of acres of land, and occupied by twenty-
five thousand Indians, and allowed the white
population to flow in and occupy the country pro-
miscuously, and cotemporaneously with the In-
dians.
It is scarcely necessary to'allude to the clause
of the treaty to which the Senator has referred,
that they might go or stay as they chose, that the
Government would use no coercion and use no
means except that they would provide subsistence
for one year to those who would 20 west of the
Mississippi, and aid them in removing when they
thought proper to go.
This was a most extraordinary treaty, though
it was one which the Government might have felt
themselves justified in making as an experiment.
But I think there was a neglect to apply past ex-
perience with reference to the treatment of the In-
dians, or to bring it to boar in making this treaty;
but still perhaps the public necessities of the coun-
try were such that they felt themselves justified
m making the experiment. It is the result of that
experiment which lays the foundation for these
claims.
This country was thrown open 111 the way I
have shown as soon as the lands were surveyed
and selections made, and the whole country was
immediately filled with white people as settlers.
The sales of the reservations proceeded as rapidly
as possible from the time the surveys were com-
pleted, and the country was soon swarming with
settlers. The consequence was, if is alleged in
argument here, and in some of the reports, that
tht^re was another factor element of mischief inter-
vening; and that it was not starvation or the
necessirous condition of the Indians which drove
them to commit hostilities, but the enormous frauds
which were practiced upon the Indian titles. The
Senator from Michigan has charged that I made
a gratuitous attack upon a late Administration in
my argument upon tins question. Jn his expUi-
na> «on he has a<rempted 1o fasten the cause of these
Indian disturbances mainly upon these frauds. I
would not have thought it important to press this
argument on this occasion, because I thought that
all which it was necessary to show was, that the
policy of that Administration laid the ground-
work, in that extraordinary treaty, for the in-
demnification of the white settlers, if their prop-
erty war.* dosrroved by the Indian*., under cir-
cumstances whiV.h, according to the usage of
Government and the obligations which attach
to it, to protect the citizens from losses from
