1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
any quarter, would apply to them. Yet, as the
Senator has touched upon these frauds, although I
have not looked at the documents nor the debates
with regard to them, since they occurred in 1837,
*38, '39, they are still so fresh in my recollection,
that I think I cannot be mistaken in regard to
them. The Senator will himself call to mind that
there were serious charges imputed to the commis-
sioners appointed to investigate these transactions;
and the opponents of the Administration, of whom
I was one, urged strongly upon the public that the
Government was grossly in default m the appoint-
ment of unfaithful and "dishonest agents, who, at
that time, it was believed and urged—although
they may be found to have been honest men, if an
investigation shall ever take place—connived at the
frauds committed by persons who went in to pur-
chase from the Indians. It was not the speculators
alone who produced this bad feeling among j,he
Indians, it will be found stated, in mote than one
official report made to the Government, that the
practices which operated upon the minds of the
Indians, greatly to sour their temper and disposi-
tions, were not only the frauds themselves, but
that in a great measure the connivance of the4
agents themselves who were sent to guard the rights
of the Indians and certify to the frauds committed,
produced the excited and hostile feeling on the part
of the Indians.
These were charges made at the time—in 1837,
'•38, '39—against the Administration, for gross
negligence and want of foresight, in not sending
out firm, decided, and honest men to see that justice
was done to the Indians, and to prevent the frauds
which were practiced to a large extent by these
men; and they were made on very strong and
plausible grounds. You must recollect, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the parties interested in the purchase of
these lands, were actually supposed to be active
and energetic in diffusing dissatisfaction and dis-
content, and in seeking to occasion hostility be-
tween the white people and the Indians, for the
purpose of driving them out of the country, and
also to prevent an investigation as to these frauds.
These are facts which can never be fully disclosed;
but it must be recollected that the country was
full of charges of that nature at the time; that the
speculators, when they found that their frauds had
been detected, and that the Government was dis-
posed to do justice to the Indians, that those very
speculators were concerned in exciting that state
of feeling which subsequently resulted in these
depredations.
There is another fact which should not be for
gotten, and that is, that Mr. John B. Hogan, who
was selected because he was a man of character,
honesty, and firmness, and not likely to be intimi-
dated by the machinations of speculators, or any
terrors which they could hold over him, was sent
out to investigate the acts of former agents. I
will not speak positively as to the results of that
investigation, but I believe that Mr. Hogan was
withdrawn, on some pretext or other, from the
final investigation. It may have been on account
of the breaking out of hostilities. I do not recol-
lect whether he was sent there prior to, or subse-
quent to the commencement of hostilities; but I
know, that on making an investigation into some
of these frauds, he found, from the nature of the
task, that it was one he did not wish to commence
or persevere in; and he was withdrawn; but
whether antecedent to the breaking out of hostili-
ties, or subsequently, I do not know. All these
circumstances were made grounds of charges
against the Administration, as the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] must remember.
It would occupy days and days to go fully into
the truth of these charges; but I do not wish to
go fully into them, and merely refer to them now
in reply to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
who has stated that the frauds practiced on the
Indians were the cause of hostilities. He will
find, by the reports of the commissioners appoint-
ed, I believe, by himself, that mention is made of
one remarkable fact. I believe he will find it stated
in the report of Mr. Crawford, that in those towns
where the Indians suffered- most by these frauds,
they were peaceable; and that, although he was
satisfied that the frauds on the reservations tended
to augment the discontentamong the Indians, and
to incite them to hostility against the whites; still
there was the remarkable fact, that in those towns
where the frauds had been perpetrated to the most
enormous extent, they were friendly to the United
States; and the Senator will find in the same re-
port, as was stated yesterday, that the hostilities
were confined to thelower towns, where the frauds
were less in degree.
1 will not say that all that was charged against
the Administration for neglect or improper conduct
in sending out agents of such a character, or such
principles, that they would dare to connive at the
frauds, was true; but such charges existed at the
time, and I do not wish, now, to enter into an in-
vestigation of their truth or falsity. If the Senator
will look into the report of Mr. Crawford—I do
not know who was associated with him, whether
it was Mr. Chambers or Mr. Balch 
Mr. CASS. It was Mr. Balch.
Mr. BELL. But it was a commission ap-
pointed for the purpose of putting the best face on
this whole transaction, and it may well be pre-
sumed in reference to the attitude in which the Ad-
ministration was placed—because this was not the
first time, it was at the very period when these
charges occurred, and which were made against
the administration—that these gentlemen, who
were not considered gentlemen who would white-
wash the Administration, particularly Mr. Craw-
ford, were sent with the view, no doubt, of put-
ting the very best face on the policy of the Gov-
ernment in relation to these Creek Indian hostili-
ties, that could be put upon it. And every sen-
tence of their report, if interpreted fairly, must be
taken in connection with the presumed desire of
the Government, not that they should assume the
facts, but that they should state the case as fully and
fairly, and as favorably to the Administration as
possible, consistently with the transactions which
had taken place in the Indian Territory. And
even with all that, you will find that these com-
missioners were obliged to admit, that the other
circumstances which were urged yesterdtiy, con-
tributed to the fanning of this flame on the part of
the Creeks who took part in these hostilities.
From the report of Mr. Crawford himself, you
will find that there was but a portion of these
Creek Indians engaged in these hostilities, and
that not one fifth of their whole number.
Now, what are these claims? The white pop-
ulation of Alabama, and Georgia, and Florida, and
Tennessee, and Mississippi, and all other States of
the Union who thought proper to go and settle in
the Indian country, were at liberty to do so,
whether it was agreeable to the Indian or not, or
without regard to whether the Indians had been
removed or not; and they did so. We have the
census of the Indians to show that there were at
least twenty thousand Indians there before any
removals took place. The whites went in and
planted themselves in their territory, and pur-
chased of the reservees and others; for there was
a large portion of the country left for sale even
after the reservations wereselected. Well, a treaty
was made with the Indians whereby it was ex-
pressly stipulated that the country ceded to the
United States, which should remain after the se-
lections of the reservees were made, should be
open for settlement, not as soon as the Indians
were removed, but as soon as the surveys were
made. Then the balance of the country was
thrown open, and even the reservations themselves,
as rapidly as the whites chose to come in. The
treaty by its provisions supposed that the Gov-
ernment should in some measure superintend these
purchases. I beg the honorable Senator from
Michigan to remember, that in the treaty made in
1832, it was the intention of the Government to
provide against fraud upon the Indians in the sale
of their reservations; and they did so most unfor-
tunately by sending men into the country who
were incompetent, orwhodid not possess firmness
or integrity—I do not care which, for a want of
firmness is in such a case equivalent to the want
of integrity—who suffered the Indians to be de-
frauded; for, if they had integrity in their hearts,
they had not the nioial courage requisite to certify
and report the contracts purporting to be made by
the Indian reservees. I know that the Govern-
ment saw these frauds, and attempted to remedy
them; but they never did remedy them to any
great extent. Now, these people, being invited
not only by the invitation of the Government, but
by the fifth article of the treaty itself, did rush in
and take possession of these lands. These lands
were sold in 1834. If the honorable Senator from
Michigan thinks that there is any charge meant
to be made gratuitously, or without reference to
the true principles connected with the investiga-
tion of this question, I should like him to state
whether or not there would be any other distinct
ground on which to make these claims but that
which exists in the policy thus adopted, and of
having this country settled before these Indians
were removed? Not only was there no provision
made that the Indians should be removed, but •
contrary to what was expressly stipulated they
should not remove unless they thought proper to
do so—that no coercion should be used on the
part of the Government; that the Government
would provide the means for their removal, when-
ever they might choose to go.
Now, I said yesterday that the policy of the
Government was to starve them to go west. Of
course, when I used that language, no one would
suppose that I meant to charge the Administration
with the design that the Indians should actually
perish; but that the prospect of starvation should
be held up to them, unless they chose voluntarily
to go. That was the substitute adopted in the
place of arms. And not only was this starvation
policy a substitute in the place of arms, but it was
a substitute for the stipulations in the treaty itself
that they should remove. I remark that there is
no stipulation in this treaty that they should re-
move, and I should like the honorable Senator
from Michigan to explain it, if I am not right.
I should like to ask him if that was not the new
principle, the new policy—the policy of starva-
tion which was adopted in that treaty? They
omitted to insert the usual provisions in such cases,
namely: that the Indians should remove within a
given time. That provision was omitted. And
why was it omitted? I know that the answer
will be: " We could not make any other treaty."
There was no stipulation that they should remove.
There was, in point of fact, a stipulation that they
should not be compelled to remove. And how did.
the Government expect them to remove? I have
said that they intended to let in the white settlers
upon them to be substituted for a stipulation for
their removal, or for a military force to effect their
removal. Now, I would like the Senator to tell
me why was not the usual stipulation for their re-
moval made ?
Mr. CASS. Does the Senator desire me to
answer his question now ?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir; if the Senator pleases to
do so.
Mr. CASS. The Senator talks about there
being a want of stipulations to remove the Indians,
as though it was a very strange omission in the
treaty. Does he suppose they were held there?
Mr. BELL. The.Senator answers my inquiry
by putting another. 1 want to know why there
was no stipulation in the treaty to remove the
Indians?
Mr. CASS. The gentleman has answered that
question himself. We provided that all who wore
willing to go should be aided, and should have
land to cultivate until they chose to remove. We
said to those who were willing to go, You shall
have a country of your own, and we will provide
for you in getting located upon it. I repeat, that
the gentleman has answered his own question.
We could not make the treaty on any other terms.
Mr. BELL. I know that is the answer to that
question. Then, again, the honorable gentleman
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty, that
the whites might go in and settle on the lands be-
fore the time for the sale of the reservations had
expired, as soon as the surveys were completed.
Mr. CASS. I will merely state in answer to
that, that the land became the property of the
United States as all other public lands were, and
that settlers went in there as they did to any
other portion of the lands of the United States.
We did not attempt to restrain people from going
in as settlers if they chose, and the Indians were
secured in their rights while they chose to remain.
I do not doubt that bad men went there as well as
to other places. I think it probable that the Sen-
ator knows himself what werf the facts in the
eastland if he does I have no doubt that he knows
that some bad men went there to make certificates.
It is, however, a very complicated business, and
it can be easily seen that it is difficult for a white
man to know one Indian from another, or to dis-
tinguish A B from C D; and even though an agent
were a man of probity, it would be quite possible
to deceive him.
Mr. BELL. I will now excuse the honorable
