■4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
refused to have any further affiliation with the
"Whig party. They retired from the caucus, and
the resolutions were passed. These resolutions
■were introduced by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] and were adopted by ala%e
majority of the Whigs—the Northern Whigs
, elected to this House, and all the Southern Whigs
which were there, voted for them as a matter of
course.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from-Plor-
ida [Mr. Cabell] tells the House that the Aboli-
tionists withdre.w from the caucus. If they with-
drew, how many were left in the caucus ? There
was not a baker's dozen. But the gentleman
from Florida has very adroitly, but, I think, not
liberally, attempted to make the impression upon
his constituents—for which purpose his speech
was made—that the Whig party is not identified
•with the Abolition party. 1 ask the gentleman if
he has forgotten the various votes and declara-
tions and answers made by Mr. Fillmore, the
now President of the United States, upon this
slavery question ? Has he forgotten the votes of
Mr. Fillmore by which he recognizes the Aboli-
tion doctrines to the fullest extent? And has he
forgotten that the great Daniel Webster—I sup-
pose lie is a Whig—said upon the Wilrnot provi-
so, that it was his original thunder? Has not
Mr. Webster so declared? And yet, in the face
of this declaration, the gentleman from Florida
{Mr. Cabell] gets up and attempts to make this
House and the country believe that the Demo-
cratic party are all real Abolitionists. I have so
much respect for the gentleman from Florida, and
for his integrity and high talents, that I regret that
he has come down and acted the part of a common
court-yard politician. [Laughter.] I regret, Mr.
Chairman, that it has been the policy of the Whig
party to attempt to gull and bamboozle and mis-
lead the people in reference to this cry of " Union !"
•' Union !" and to make them believe they are the
only Union party. It is a slander upon the dead j
and the living. The Democratic party have ever |
been regarded, since the foundation of the Gov- i
eminent, as the true Union party. I could go i
back and call your attention, if I had time, to !
facts which would bear me out in the declaration. 1
But it is unfortunate that, instead of the ordinary 1
legislation of thecoumry—and many of the citizens
of our country are guttering, greatly suffering, for
the want of legislation—that everything is made to
bend to President making. The gentleman from
Florida—whether the leader of his party or not—
has led oft to-day, and I could have advised him
to have saved his thunder for a more proper occa-
sion, and to have waited until' the resumption of
the consideration of the President's message, when
it would be a fit occasion for all gentlemen who
have been nursing their wrath to pour it out upon
the heads of their political adversaries. That
would be a more suitable occasion for such a pur-
pose than this, when the poor soldiers, many of]
whom are suffering for the want of the passage of'
this bill, and to which I beg leave to call the at- '
tention of the committee for a few moments. 1
I have received letter upon letter from my con-
stituents appealing tome to get the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate to pass this bill, if it ■
is possible. Sir, that meritorious class of your i
citizens consider that they have been greatly ag-
grieved and injured by the invidious distinction
drawn between the soldiers of the Mexican war
and the soldiers of the preceding wars. It was an
invidious distinction; and at this period of the ses-
sion we ought to have taken up this bill and passed
it; and if explanations were to enable us to pass i
it, those gentlemen who have made themselves fa- j
miliar with the subject would have explained it 
instead of taking the extraordinary course which
has been pursued. Let me ask the gentleman i
from Florida a question. Suppose—andpresume :
there are members upon this floor as anxious to
please their constituents as the gentleman from !
r Inrida suppose the two hundred and thirty- '
three members ot this House should imagine they
Ibllp hdl a Political speech upon thjs
little bill foi the benefit of the poor soldier, what
would become of it? You would not have time to
pass the appropriation bill or the civil and diplo-
matic bill. And I hope-while I do not meal, to
set myself up as a sort of general lecturer, but the
gentleman from Florida being somewhat peculiar
having hailed originally from Virginia, I thought
1 could take some liberties m dealing rather gently
with him—that this very modest lecture which I
have taken the liberty of reading to the gentleman
from Florida may be regarded by others.
Mr. CABELL. I have merely to say I feel
very much indebted to the gentleman for the lec-
ture, coming from so reverend a source; and I am
one of those who have been so long acquainted
with the gentleman from Virginia, who has re-
minded the House that he was an acquaintance of
mine when he was a member of the Virginia Le-
gislature, and when I was quite a small boy, in the
city of Richmond. I am an admirer of his, and
have observed his course, and I have observed that
scarcely a day passes that he does not undertake
to enlighten this House upon some subject; and
the members of the House will bear me out in say-
ing there is hardly a day passes in which the hon-
orable gentleman does not speak either for Bun-
combe, or Little Tennessee, or for the House and
the country. But I think it is but once before,
since the House met, that I have occupied two
minutes of their time. I havenow availed myself
of this occasion, because I thought it was neces-
sary that I should place myself right before my
constituents m regard to important political move-
ments—1 say, I have just now availed myself of
this occasion for that purpose, and for the first
time followed the example of the very venerable
Representative from the State of Virginia; and I
ask the gentleman to do me the justice to say that
I have not departed from his advice except upon*
this one occasion.
And I will further state, that I am as anxious as
he or any man can be, for the passage of this bill;
and I have heretofore refrained from addressing
the House, with a view of enabling them to expe-
dite action upon it; but being aware that there
were several gentlemen around me who were desir-
ous of making political speeches, in no manner
relating to the question before the House, I I
availed myself of the privilege usually allowed. I
Mr. COBB. Will thegentleman from Virginia j
[Mr. McMui.lin] allow me to make a motion ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot yield for such a
purpose.
Mr. COBB. I want to profit by your admoni-
tion. I suggest that a motion be made that the
committee rise, with a riew to adopt a resolution
to close debate, at some time, say to-morrow at
two o'clock.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No! "]
Mr. COBB. And then you will get the floor
and finish your speech. If we do not do so, we
shall never get through with the discussion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I assure the gentleman
from Alabama, that it is my desire to have the
vote taken upon the bill as soon as possible. I
hope the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Cabell]
will pardon me for saying that I have no doubt of j
the sincerity of all he has said, and I thank him I
for having told the House and the country, that I i
have attempted, almost every day, to enlighten the I
House and the country. But that question I will I
not debate, but refer to the records of the House, i
If the gentleman from Florida will give some little !
evidence of repentance for his political sins, and I
also by coming over upon the Democratic side of !
the Ijjouse, 1 would say, Go forward, brother; give
in your adhesion to the Democratic faith; sin no
more, and we will take you under our charge.
Mr. ISISST3LL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. McMULLIN. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman has so many
endings, that I hope he will excuse me for not
knowing when he has ended. [Laughter. 1
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly, certainly.
I desire that this bill shall pass, and that speed-
ily. The interest of a large proportion of my con-
stituents is suffering for the want of its passage.
I know the fact that there have been great sacri-
fices made for the want of the passage of a law
like this. Persons have attempted to violate the
late law, or disregard it, by making sale of land
warrants and depending upon the veracity of those
who sold them not to interfere with the contract
Pass this bill speedily, and you will confer a great
favor upon the soldier, who is entitled to the sym-
pathies of the House and of this country. I hope N
when the President's message shall be again up ii
for consideration, that both the gentleman from ;
Florida [Mr. Cabell] and myself will have the 'j
privilege of defining our positions generally, and I
that of the respective parties to which we belong. II
I tell the gentleman from Florida, much as he sup-
poses that I have attempted to enlighten this
House and this country, that when that subject
comes before this House, I will claim my privi-
lege to be heard. Whether or not I have tres-
passed upon the time or patience of the House, is
a question to be settled between my constituents
and myself. I have an overfondness for talking,
and when it becomes necessary for me to talk or
say something, in my humble way, in reply to
attacks, such as have been made by the gentle-
man from Florida [Mr. Cabell] to-day, I shall
do so regardless of consequences.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise, with a view to offer a resolution
closing debate upon the question under considera-
tion.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair the chairman of
the committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
| Union generally under consideration, and particu-
| larly the special order of the House, being Senate
' bill 146, entitled "An act to make land warrants as-
i signable, and for other purposes," and that it had
I come to no conclusion thereon.
I Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution :
Resolve/I, That all debate in the Committee of the
Whole Itou^e upon the -tnte of tile Union, on the bill of the
Senate, (No. 118,) entitled uAn act making laud warrants
assignable, and lor other purposes," shall cease at one
o'clock on to-moirow, (if the committee .shall not sooner
come to a conclusion upon the same ;) and the committee
shall then proceed to vote on stieh amendments as may be
pending, or offered to the same, and shall then report it to
the House, with such amendments as may have been agreed
to by the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move to
strike out "to-morrow at one o'clock," and to in-
sert "to-morrow week at one o'clock." I would
inquire of the Chair whether that amendment is
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. POLK. Is the resolution now susceptible
of amendment?
The SPEAKER. A proposition of amendment
by the gentleman from Illinois is now pending.
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Campbell] will withdraw his amendment
and substitute to-morrow at three o'clock. Iam
opposed to the resolution as originally introduced.
If the time is fixed for to-morrow at one o'clock,
the morning hour will be consumed. I desire to
explain the action of the Democratic caucus.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that debate is not in order.
Mr. POLK. I then call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mi. HOUS1 ON. I wish^o have the order of
the House by which this was made the special
order, read, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the resolution in its present form is really in order.
I understand the special order to have been to in-
clude not only the Senate bill, but also the House
bill upon that subject. If the House has so
ordered, is it competent for the House to divide
that special order and make two of it ? I inquire
whether the resolution should not include the bill
of the House as well as that of the Senate? I
make this suggestion with a view of preventing
any difficulty that may grow out of it. I hope the
mover of the resolution will so modify it as to in-
clude both bills.
Mr. HARRIS. If it is in my power I will do
so. I desire to have the debate closed upon the
whole subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to modify his resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. I will so modify it that debate
shall cease upon both propositions—the bill of the
Senate as well as that of the House.
made6 ^ie modification will be
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will suggest to
my col eague another modification, which'will be
that debate shall close upon both of these bills two
hours after their consideration shall again be re-
sumed in the Committee of the Whole on the state
or the Union.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a point of order I
moved the previous question, and would like to
Know whether any motion is in order in the face
of that call ?
