1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his resolution before action is had.
Mr, POLK. If the demand for the previous
question is made?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish merely to suggest that
this is a Senate bill, which has not been considered
in a committee, nor discussed in the House. I
say we are closing debate upon it too soon. The bill
requires a little explanation,and unless the mover
of the resolution adopts the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee," to close the debate two
hours after we go into committee, I shall feel con-
strained to move to lay the resolution upon the
table. This bill requires explanation. I hope the
gentleman will accept that modification.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish only to consult the
sense of the House, as to the time when this debate
shall cease in the Committee of theWhoie. I
have no choice as to the particular hour; and as
several gentlemen around me suggest the proprie-
ty of modifying the resolution so as to close debate
two hours after the committee shall have resumed
the consideratian of the subject, I will so modify
it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. There was a
resolution offered here to which I offered an amend-
ment, and to my amendment, I believe, there was
another amendment made. There the matter, I
think, should stop. I was told I had no right to
discuss this subject, notwithstanding which, mo-
tions have been entertained, and subjects discussed,
ever since I offered my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had no design of
doing the gentleman injustice.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am well aware of that.
I am only speaking with regard to the action of
gentlemen, and desire to suggest to the Chair the
position which this resolution now occupies. I
might be permitted to say that 1 am not tenacious
about prolonging the debate for a whole week. I \
would be willing to fix any reasonable time for 1
the consideration of this subject, and particularly
for the consideration of the Senate bill, which has
never been before the House nor any committee.
It is an important subject, and I do think the op-
ponents of the bill should not check this matter at
once, i will fix any reasonable time gentlemen
are willing to agree upon, that we may have some
opportunity of discussing the merits of the bill as
it is now before us. I move to strike out " in two
hours after the committee shall resume their con-
sideration/' and to insert in lieu thereol "on
Thursday next, at two o'clock."
Mr. POLK. I insist upon my call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers,
upon the second; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Jones, of Tennessee, and Chandler were ap-
pointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 45. So there was a second,
and the mam question was then ordered to be
put.
A Voice. Read the resolution as modified.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate m the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of th^ Union on the bill of the Senate
(No. 146), a? also joint re^olytion No. 1, entitled - An act
making land warrants assignable, and for other purpose-*:
and also joint resolution (No. 1) explanatory oi the act
approved September 28, 1850, gi an ting bounty land
to certain officers and soldieis who have been engnaod
irt the military service of the United States, shall cease m i
two hours aftei the committee ?hal] resume their considera- ,
tion, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a conclu
won upon the same;) and the committee shall then pro-
ceed to vote on such amendment-; a« may be pending, or ot-
feied to the same, and shall then leport it to the llou^e,
with <mcii amendments as may have been agreed to by the
committee. , .
The SPEAKER. The main question is first
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw my amend-
m Mr. POLK. I move that the debate be closed
on Thursday at three o'clock. I do it at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. -Bis-
sau,,] who reported the bill.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by the
universal consent of the I~Xouse, the previous ques-
tion having been sustained.
Mr. CLINGMAN objected.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution; and it was agreed to—ayes 71,
noes 59.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 would sug-
gest to the gentleman, whether it would not be
better to clear the Speaker's table.
Mr. CARTTER. It cannot be done—it ia too
late in the day.
The question was then taken and agreed to, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following: petition.1:, memorials. &e., were presented
under the rule, und icferred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of A.
G. Nicolls and 400 others, foi repair of piers and improve-
ment ol harbors on the uver Delavvaie.
By Mr. ROBiUNS: A petition signed by Harris and
Leech and 24 other persons, meichants and citizens of
Philadelphia, asking Oongresd to make an appropriation
for the construction of an additional canal aiound the Falls
of the Ohio, or IlapitU at Louisville, Kentucky.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of the Michigan
Southern Railroad Company, for compensation for trans-
porting the gieat we>tern mail.
Hy Mr. IIAKPER: The petition of George W. Jackson,
of Virginia, one of the hensot George Jackson, of Ohio,
deceased, praying remuneration lor the services of said
George .laekt-on, for one year as Captain in the expedition
nf General George Kogers Claik to the Falls of the Ohio
in 1781 /l
By Mr. MrMTJLLIN: The petition of John S. King
and otheis, praying a pension for said King.
By Mr. KIDDLE : A memorial of the Commissioner* of
the town ot Newea>tle, State ol Delawaie, praying for an
appropriation to complete the United States harboi at said
town, on the Drlnwait; nvor.
Also, a memorial of sundry citizens of the United States,
holders of claims upon the late Republic of Texas, prajmg
Congress to pass a law to authoiize the Secretary ot the
Treasury to pay theii claims, upon compliance by them with
all the lequireinents presenbed by that officer, in conformi-
ty with the act of the <Jih of September, 18.50.
By Mi. MOORE, of Penn>ylvaina: The memorial of
merchants and citizens of Philadelphia, asking an improve-
ment^ navigation around the Falls ol the Ohio liver.
By Mr. LETCHER.: The petition of J. B. Moomaw, A.
D. Anns«, T. B. MclloboiN, and Felix Hull, assistant mni-
shals in the Slate of Vnginia, asking additional compen-
sation loi taking the late census
Bv Mi. HIBBARD : The petition of Daniel Breed and
other*, praying lot the establishment of a new post route,
from the po-t office in North Charlcstown, New ilanip-
slnie, to "the po«t othee in Unity, in said State. •
By Mi. EDGERPON : The'petition of citizens of Put-
nam county, Ohio, lor a mail route from'Kahda, Ohio, to
Adtutn, Michigan.
B> Mi. .1. W. HOWE : The petition of William S. Ran
kin, and 57 other-, citizen-* of Mercer county, Pennsylvania,
piaymg Congre>s to prohibit the transportation of the United
States mail on the Sabhath.
Bv Mr. CHANDLER: Three memouaN, numerously
, Mgned by merchant* of Philadelphia, asking Consrer^ to
S adopt means lor improving the navigation at the Falls ol the
river Ohio, at Lom-ville.
By Mr SCUDDER: The petition of Zenas D. Bas<u;tt
and other*, of Massachusetts,,taking an appropnauon for
the preservation of the bieakwater in llyaiiuis harbor.
A1 o, thy petition of Thoma- Bradley and others, ot Mas-
1 sachiif-etts, a>king an appiopriation, &c.,for the location of
| buojs on the shoals in Holmes* Hole harbor.
By Mi. GAYLORD : The petition of sundry citizens of
New Lexington, Peny county, Ohio, asking the establish-
ment of a mail joute "from Newatk, Licking county, Ohio,
through Jack-on, Thornville, and Somerset, to New Lexing-
ton, Perry county, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 4, 1852.
Prayer by the Rer. L. P. Morgan.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, yesterday and
the day before I was detained from the Senate by
KPvere indisposition, from which X have not yet
recovered. During my absence yesterday, I per-
ceive from the papers, the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] called the attention of the Senate to
the resolutions which I some time since offered in
relation to the doctrine of intervention, and gave
an intimation that he wished to address theSen-
■ ate upon it to-day. 1 desire now to say to the
I Senate, that the Senator from Michigan and my-
j self, as he stated, had had a conversation on the
subject, and fearing that I might not be able to
II enter upon the discussion of those resolutions (or
i 1 was discouraged by my indisposition—it was
i'i a ree(Tbetween us that he might proceed with the
' discussion of his substitute, if I should not be
i able to proceed with the explanation of the ori-
I ffmal resolution, which I was entitled to do by the
I usual courtesy of the Senate. But this morning
il we have had another conversation, and the Sen-
ator from Michigan, with his proverbial kindness,
has agreed that the consideration of the resolutions
may be further postponed to Monday next, when
1 hope to be able to proceed with the discussion—
I trust my health will permit me to do so—but if
I should be so unfortunate as not then to be able
to proceed myself, that the Senator from Michi-
gan shall have the floor for that day. If, how-
ever, I shall be Sble to speak on Monday next,
and that day should be occupied by me, it is un-
derstood that the Senator from Michigan will be
ready to proceed on Tuesday. Of course we can-
not control this matter, but we desire that such an
arrangement may agree with the convenience of
the Senate. With that view, I move that the
resolutions may now be token up, that their con-
sideration may be postponed to Monday next. I
make this request thus early, because 1 shall be
obliged very soon to leave the Senate Chamber,
not being able to remain throughout the day.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Candace Porter, widow of a soldier in the war of
the Revolution, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the citi-
zens of Dubuque, Iowa, who pray for a grant of
land for the construction of a railroad from Du-
buqueto MinnesotaTerritory; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Florida, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented two petitions of
citizens of New Jeisey, praying that the law abol-
ishing flogging in the Navy may not be repealed;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of P. Dickerson and others,
recommending the proposition submitted by Am-
brose "VV. Thompson for the transportation of the
mails between New York and some port on the
western coast of Ireland; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, tiie memorial of Charles Wilkes, a com-
mander in the Navy, praying that an appropria-
tion of five hundred thousand dollars be placed at
the disposition of the President of the United
States, to institute an effective search within the
Arctic regions for Sir John Franklin, and to re-
deem the pledge made by the late President of the
United States, through the Secretary of State, to
Lady Franklin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
■ Mr. HALE. Mr. President, is it in order to
move to instruct the Naval Committee in relation
to that memorial? If it is in order, I move that
the committee be instructed to inform the Senate
how much the expeditions got up under this same
Mr. Charles Wilkes, some years ago, have cost
already. I think the Senate ought to have that
information before the committee act upon this
petition.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot make
the motion in that way.
Mr. PEARCE. That information has been
given to the Senate long ago.
Mr. HALE. Well, 1 will endeavor to get at
it in some other way. .
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
the Senator that he must introduce a resolution in
the usual form, m order to instruct a committee.
Mr. HALE. I will obtain the information m
some way.
Mr. SMI ELDS presented a memorial of certain
non-commissioned officers of the regiment of
mounted riflemen in the United States Army,
praying to he discharged; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of the members of the company
of sappers and miners and pontoniers, enlisted in
the Army of the United States, praying to be dis-
charged ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. fW
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of W .
P. J. Sanger, praying compensation for perform-
ing the duties of engineer at the Gosport Navy-
Yard; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. ..
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of Corne-
lius McCaullay, praying compensation for certain
