THE OOKGM1SSIOMAL GLOME.
Feb. 4,
variegated embossedmorocco leather, furnished for
covering the chairs in the Senate Chamber; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Lecaze, deceased, late part-
ner in the firm of Lecaze & Mallet, praying the
payment of a balance due for advances made by
that firm during the. revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
_ Also, the petition of David A. 'Melhorn, pray-
ing to be indemnified for loss on contract entered
i«ro by him for building a culvert in the city of
Washington; which was referred to the Commit-
tee" of Claims.
Also, the memorial of inhabitants of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying that the transportation of
the mails on Sunday may be prohibited by law;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office'and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented three petitions
of merchants and others of Philadelphia, praying
an enlargement of the Louisville and Portland
Canal; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of William
G. Kidgely, praying indemnity for tobacco de-
stroyed by the British in the war of 18J2; which
was refeired to the Committee of Claims.
- Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Portland, Maine, praying that the spirit
ration in the Navy may be abolished; which was I
referred to the Committee on Naval Affaiis.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizen's
of Massachusetts in favor of an appropriation for
a ship canal around the Falls of St. Mary's river;
which was laid on the table.
Also, the petition of fifteen heads of insurance
offices in Boston, praying that the act of March
3, 1847, for the reduction of thecosts and expenses
of proceedings in admiralty against ships and ves-
sels may not be repealed: which was referred to
the Committee on the Tudioiaiy.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of George
W. Hathaway, praying the appointment of a tri-
bunal to review the decisions of the late Board of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Eoads.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Martin Pen wick, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Madison Allen, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That tiie petition of John Bronsofi, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to1 the Committee of Claims.'
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That Maria CMrander and^ Sarah Overbagh,
j severally, have leave to withdraw their petitions and pa-
| pers.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That ttje memorial of A. 1R. Woolley, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on iVlili-
taiy Allaire.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMtTTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims, to
which was referred the documents in relation to the
claim of William S. Waller, praying compensation
for disposing and selling of certain Treasury notes,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was refeired the subject, re-
ported a bill to provide for the fitting up of a tem-
porary room for the Congressional Library; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
He also submitted a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the claim of E. Paven-
stadt and F. A. Schumacher, of the city of New
York, and that the memorial be refened to the
Committee ou Commerce. I also make a report ;
upon the subject, which I ask may be printed, i
The object of the committee is this: It seemed to j
the Committee of Claims, that this matter should !
have been referred, in the first place, to the Com- j
mittee on Commerce. The claim is of this char- ]
.        acter: These persons, merchants of the city of!
Commissioners for the settlement of claims of 'j New York, imported a number of packages of I
American cilizens nsrainst Mexico; which was re- !: § °ds. They afterwards sold those packages, and 1
ie packages,;—
I placed them on board a French ship,'to be conveyed
to New Orleans. These parties executed a bond
to the Government, the condition of which was,
that in four months they would supply the cus-
tom-house officers of New York with evidence of
the deposit of the goods at the New Orleans cus-
tom-house. It appears that the goods were lost
at sea, and the claimants ask that there shall be
refunded to them the money which they were obli-
ged to pay upon this bond. I apprehend hat it is
i a matter of a great deal of consequence to the
i Government, for if this application of these par-
j ties is sustained, it will involve a large expendi-
. tare by requiring the refunding of duties in similar
i cases.
ferred to the Committee <m Foreign Relations
_ Mr. CHASE. I hold in my hand two memo-
rials of citizens of Cincinnati, praying for the di-
vision of the district of Ohio into two judicial dis-
tricts. These memorials are signed by nearly
every member of the bar and almost every leading
man of business in the city of Cincinnati; and 1
ask leave to commend them to the respectful atten-
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
committee I move that they be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS pie.seni^d resolutions of the
Legislature of Alabama in favor of the establish-
ment of a Bureau of Agriculture; which were read
and ordered to lie printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the pe- jl . The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Senator
tition of William Jacon, in behalf of himself and J! is h very unusual one. The Chair understands the
his late partner, Lewis H. Kates, praying to be ' Senator to ask to be discharged from the further
indemnified for losses sustained in consequence of ; consideration of a subject upon which he makes a
the illegal seizure of a quantity of iron imported 1 rpnr""'
by them; which was referred to the Committeeon 1
Commerce.
Mr. BADGER presented six memorials of as- i
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in |
North Carolina, praying additional compensation; |
which were referred (o the Committee of Claims, j
Mr. NORIIIS presented the pelition of Jacob
Gideon, praying indcniniiieniion for damages sus- j
tamed in consequence of a violation of his contract
report.
Mr. PRATT. I have stated the reason for this
unusual procedure. The report states the views
of the Committee of Claims in regard to the mat-
ter.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, rose subsequently and said: There is
some difference m the manner of proceeding in the
t  ,, Hi'USG and in the Senate on such memorials. At
with the Navy Department for bindiifg; which I: tlle tlme tlle Senator from Maryland made his re-
was refeired to the Committee of Claims'. |i P' 't' was under the impression that these matters
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFFRRED ' ' c£"siflered, ti,e Committee on Commerce
On motion h,r M QiTirT r\o ■ II •" i J>,emue; tl,ey are referred to that committee
Ordcr)T%LTh SH1ELDJ>, it was j! m the House of Representatives. I learn, how-
I..I..I <\ ,"at,the papers in the_pp.se ot'Pliineas M. ;; ever, on conferring with the chairman of the
Nightingale
Grc
. lugHl vepie-witftUve of General NaHi'irnpI 1
mn,C0a^c^e'be ;
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was I
Ordered That the pewion and papers of ia.ne, ohm <
«'-CoS: j
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was i
'tt.e'sLIlaL'. be\o the°!
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was i
Ordered, That tile petition of Wade Allen, on the files of |
Committee on Finance, that they have uniformly :
gone to the Committee on Finance m the Senate. '
I therefore move that the Committee on Com-
merce be discharged from the consideration of that
memorial, arid that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
O11 motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be dis- j
charged from the further consideration of three memouals
arntm/ KZT-ntt J^^^urs", on subject of a ship canal I
around the falls of the St. Mafy's river. I.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
William Newboldj and that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to which was referred the petition of the
Italian Mutual Benevolent Society, reported ad-
versely thereon, and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
Mr. DOWNS subsequently moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote discharging the committee;
which was agreed to, and the motion to discharge
the committee was laid upon the table.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, moved that that committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill for the
payment of outstanding loan-office and final-settle-
ment certificates issued for money loaned for ser-
vices or for supplies during the revolutionary war,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. WALKER. This subject was before the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims at the last
session of Congress. 1 was spoken to with re-
gard to the reference at this session, and I men-
tioned to the Senator who proposed to refer it to
that committee, that it had been reported upon.
It is no longer a subject of investigation. It has
once passed the ordeal of examination. These
demands have been already adjudicated, and the
only question now is, whether we shall pay these
final-settlement certificates which have been issued
under this adjudication. There is, therefore, noth-
ing for the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
to do in the matier. It is fur the Committee on
Finance to see whether they shall be paid, and
not for the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
to reexamine and redetermine on the justice of the
claims.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a claim arising out of
matters connected with the revolutionary war,
and things of this sort have always been referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. If
the Senator thinks-this a plain case, he may read-
ily report a bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill for the benefit
of the Carmelite Nunnery, of Baltimore, reported
it without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to increase
the salary of the district judge of the United States
for the southern district of Florida, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill increasing the salary of the
district judge of the United States for the district
of New Hampshire, reported it with an amend-
1 merit.
j Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
j vate Land Claims, reported a bill to relinquish the
• reversionary interest of the United States to a cer-
tain reservation therein mentioned,and to confirm
the title of Charles G. Gunter thereto; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment being made, it was reported to the Sen-
ate and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of the Presi-
dent and Directors of the Raleigh and Gaston Rail-
rood Company, reported a bill for the relief of said
company; which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Bryan Cal-
laghan, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief.
_ The bill was read and passed to the second read-
inland the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Alexander Y. P. Garnett
submitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
luiion for his relief.
The resolution was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same eommittee, to which
was referred the memorial of S. H. Duff, submit-
ted an adverse report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on Patents-
