mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 17,
-report another bill. I rose, and objected to that
• report, and immediately said that I wished to ca)l
up a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
.bama [Mr. Houston] having been recognized by
,the Chair, stated that he wished to submit a priv-
ileged motion also, which he did.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart} will consume more time in his
point of order 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama had a right to submit his privileged motion.
It is true that the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] as he states, and correctly states, ob-
jected to the proposition of that gentleman; and
ne stated that it was his purpose to call up a priv-
ileged question. The gentleman from Alabama,
without, however, yielding the floor, very prompt-
ly, and following the remarks or the proposition
of the gentleman from Michigan, proposed to sub-
mit a motion to go into' the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which is also a
privileged question. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON. As there are many gentle-
men around me who object to my withdrawing
the motion I made, I refuse to do so.
Mr. STANLY. There was another question
which the Chair recognized as having priority—
the printing matter.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but it is not
called up, or insisted upon.
Mr. STANLY. This printing question has
•priority over the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces that
the first business in order before the House, in the
opinion of the Chair, is the report from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Very well.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr, Stanton] to give way, and let us
proceed with the consideration of the bill for the
benefit of the indigent insane, now pending before
the Hoiiseon its third reading.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] as
yielding to the suggestion Qf the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] In the mean time,
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] sub-
mitted a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. He could not have done that.
I claimed the floor, and made the suggestion I did.
The SPEAKER. What disposition is pro-
posed to be made with.the printing report ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky! { stated that
I was willing to yield the floor, at the suggestion
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] upon condition that the printing matter
.should come up after the disposition of the bill in
reference to the insane.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I «all for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Let us go on with
the regular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
he overrules the motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr .STANLY. Am I entitled to the floor upon
the printing question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stani.y.1
Mr. STANLY. With the consent of the
House, I move to postpone this printing question
until we shall have disposed of the bill for the re-
lief of the indigent insane, ordered to its third
reading upon yesterday.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
postpone it to a day certain.
Mr. STANLY. I move to postpone it, then,
until to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded of
the fact that there is a motion now pending to
postpone this matter until the 24th of this month,
submitted by the gentleman'from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STANLY. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to add, "and that it
may be made the order of the day."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be made a special
order, if objected to.
Mr. STANLY. It is a privileged question
now.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to postpone the bill until to-morrow, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I call up the bill for the relief
of the indigent insane, which is engrossed, and I
ask the previous question up,Q.n its third reading.
Mr. STUART. The question will be'upon the
motion to recorisider first.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which" House bill No. 76, for
the relief of the indigent insane, was ordered to be
engrossed upon yesterday.
Mr: STUART. I a\KU withdraw that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, tan this ques-
tion come up properly to-day? Being brought
before the House on a motion to suspend the
rules, can it come up before next Monday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not necessarily confined to Monday.
Mr. JONES. I wish to submit this question of
order: This bill was brought up on yesterday be-
fore the House upon a suspension of the rules,
and could only have got before the House in that
way on Monday. When a vdte was had upon
the engrossment, a motion was made to reconsider
that vote, and by that means it is brought before
the House again this morning. The motion to
reconsider is now withdrawn, and the-question I
submit is, does not this bill go over until Monday
next, as legitimately belonging to the business of
Monday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
practice has been established, such as he suggests,
by some of the preceding officers of this body.
With others, the practice has been different. The
present occupant of the chair thinks that the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, was simply to submit a
motion to consider the bill. The rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was introduced. The Chair
cannot see the reason of confining this matter to
Monday, simply because that was the day upon
which the rules were set aside. The question is
on recommitting the bill.
MrJSTANLY. 1 withdraw that motion.
The bill S*ras then read a third time; and the
question recurred upon its passage.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mi1. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were-ordered.
The question was then taken, aftd there were—
yeas 98, nays 54j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Beale, Bennett, Bihiglmus, Bissell, Bowie, Rowne,
John FI. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, George
II. Ihown, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell,Caldwell, Lewis
1). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler,
Chapman, Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, Dimmick, Doty,
Duncan, Edgerton, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller,
Gamble, Caylord, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodtich,
Harper, Sampson W. Hams, Ilaws, llascall, Haven, Hors-
ford, John'W. Howe, Hunter, Fn^ersoll, James Johnson,
George, Q, Kinj(, Kuhps, Kurtz, Mace, Mann, Martin,
Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Newton, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Penniman, Perkins, Polk, Porter, Price, Reed, Richard-
son, Riddle, Sehoonmaker, O risen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smith, Snow, Stanly. .Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stratton, Sirother, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor,
Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Wal«h, Ward,
Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Wells, and Yates—98. "
NAYS—Messrs. Aikenr Willis Allen, Avereif, Babcock,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bocock, Breckinridge, Buell, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Chastain, Clark, Colcock, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, .D^sjiey, Durkee, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Ficklin, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hamilton, tsham G.
Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Holladay, Houston, How-
ard, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, JjOCKhart, Mason, McMullin, Mc-
Qn'eet), Meade, Million, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Robbins,
Robie, Ross, Sutherland, Wallace, Wilcox, WiJdrick, and
W ood ward—54.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STANLY. There are some slight verbal
■amendments, which I desire to have made in this
bill. The word " Territories" has been omitted in
several places, and at the request of the Delegate
from Minnesota, I ask that it may be inserted.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It is
too late to amend the bill.
Mr. POLK. Do the proposed amendments
alter the character of the bill at all ?
Mr. STANLY. , Not -in the least. They are
mere verbal corrections.
Mr. JONES.- I withdraw my.objection.
The amendments were tjhen ordered to be made.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which.the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mi*. HOUSTON. I move that the rfrles be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
SALARY OF CONSUL AT AMSTERDAM.
•Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
gentleman from Alabama will allow me, before
his motion is put, to call up a privileged motion
now, as I expect to leave the city this evening.
A bill was reported from the Committee on Com-
merce some time ago, which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and a motion was made by'me to reconsider the
vote by which it was so referred. The bill is an
•important one, and as I find that the House will
probably not reach it in committee, I desire to call
up my motion to reconsider the reference, so that
a vote may be taken on the passage of the meas-
ure. The bill proposes to provide a fixed salary
for the American consul at the city of Amsterdam.
We have to pay our consuls at all the important
interior European cities. Our consuls at London
and Paris receive $2,000 per annum, besides the
fees and perquisites of their offices. Heretofore, our
consul at Amsterdam has received nothing but the
fees of the office, which are wholly inadequate for
the proper support of a commercial agent there.
Amsterdam is becoming a city of very great im-
portance to us. This arises from the course of emi-
gration from that country to this, and also from
the fact that this city is the central point of an im-
mense continental trade between this country and
the central States of Europe. This trade at an
early day, I have no doubt, will be greatly in-
creased and enlarged by a direct communication.
I do not intend to delay the House by going into
the subject. I have a letter from the representative
of that country at this Government, but I will not
-detain the House by reading it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama withdraw" the motion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman is going
to leave the city this evening, I will withdraw the
motion, provided that bill will not lead to a dis-
cussion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I shall not go into an argu-
ment about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I wisli to know why this bill
is to be brought up now?
Mr. STEPHENS. Because' I am going to
leave the city.
Mr. FOWLER. Ought not we who are going
to stay, to have the liberty to bring up our bills
also? 1 want to bring up bills because I am going
to stay. Is not that as good a reason as the gen-
tleman V
Mr. STEPHENS. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which bill No. 143,to
regulate and fix the annual salary of the American
consul at the city of Amsterdam," wag committed
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
The bill was read. It provides that the salary
of the American consul at Amsterdam, shall not
exceed $2,500 per annum? including the fees and
perquisites of his office.
The question was put, and the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to com-
mit the bill, and being put, it was negatived.
The bill was then ,ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now move that the rulea
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
tne Union.
Mr. GAYLORD. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition and papers
of the heirs of Lieutenant Frederick Yon Wies-
enfeis, that they may be returned to the peti-
tioners.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
