1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i a?e
New Orleans in relation to the establishment of a
navy-yard and naval depot at New Orleans; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented documents in re-
lation to the claim of Billy Send Factor, for services
and loss of property during the Florida war; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition ot citizens
of Alachua county, Florida, praying a grant of
land in lieu of the 16th section, which are included
within certain Spanish grants; which was referred
to the Committee on Public lands.
Also, additional documents relative to the claim
of Kennedy and Darling; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Also, additional documents in the case of Otway
H.Berryman; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Anna Nor-
ton and Louis Faskit, heirs of Zephaniah Ross,
praying to be allowed a pension for the services
of their father during the war of the Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of legal voters
of Litchfield, Connecticut, praying that the home-
stead hill now pending before Congress, granting
to every man who is the head of a family one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER.. I have in my hand a memo-
rial and resolutions of the American Medical So-
ciety, which was recently in session at Richmond,
Virginia, which f have been jerjuested to present
to the Senate. This memorial addresses itself to
a subject of a good deal of importance, I presume,
setting forth the deplorable condition of emigrant
passengers coming to our shores. The resolutions
are to the purport, that a medical officer or surgeon
should by law be required to be on board of every
emigrant vessel for the purpose of affording relief
to passengers. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Thomas Flanagan, praying to be allowed a pen- ;
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Chums, to which was referred the petition
of the hens of Heiny Miller, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered in the revolutionary win ,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; winch was reod and passed to the second
reading:. The report wps ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which whs referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of the
heirs of William'C. ATcFarland, reported it back,
without amendment.
QUESTION AS TO THE RULES.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 amnibUuctedby the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of several petitions.
Before doing so, I would inquire whether a motion
to discharged committee from the further consid-
eration of a memorial will operate, under our
rules, prejudicially to the memorial herealter?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to the
Senator that it is not an adverse report, and the
discharge does not prevent the individual from ;
again presenting his case to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Aflcurs, to which were referied the following
petitions, reported, and then asked to be dis-
charged from the further considex*ation thereof;
which was agreed to ■
Petition of residents of Stockbridge, Wisconsin,
praying the appointment of a commissioner to ex-
amine and settle all questions of controversy rela-
ting to lands in the Siockbtidge reservation;
Report of the Secretary of'the Interior, relative
to an amount due the St. Re^is Indians;
Memorial of John D. Stell in behalf of the fam-
ily of Thomas J. Stell, praymg remuneration for ;
losses during the Creek w.n m 183ft;
Petition of Samuel Stone and Isaac H. Marks,
praying compensation for loss of property under ,
an Indian treaty; and
Petition of residents on the Menomonee pur- :
| chase, praying the removu.1 of the Indians there-
! from.
] Mr. CLEMENS. The Committee on Mili-
j tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
| Colonel John C. Hays, praying compensation
s for services in raising and organizing a regiment
of mounted volunteers in Texas, have instructed
me to make an adverse report. I move that the
report be laid on the table and printed.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator wish the
report acted on at this time?
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir; I wish it laid on the
table, for the purpose of accommodating the Sen-
ator from California.
The PRESIDENT. If merely presented, it
will come up m the regular order of adverse re-
!j ports; but a*it is laid on the table, it will have to
■! be called up.
I Mr. CLEMENS. I want it in such a condition
| that it can be called up at any time, if desired,
i The motion to lay the report on the table, and
'| print it, was agreed to.
| RESOLUTION ANT) BILLS INTRODUCED.
! Mr. SEBASTIAN, by unanimous consent,
■ j asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution respecting revolutionary pensions; which
,| was read a first and second time by its title, and
i' referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. MALLORY, agreeably to previous notice,
Masked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a land district in the State of Florida, to
be called the district of Tampa; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That an additional member be added to the
Committee oil Emolled Bills, and that the appointment be
made hy the Piesadent pro tempore; and
Mr. Biiookh was appointed.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
An act declaring the assent of Congress to the
State of Missouri to impose a tax upon all lands
hereafter sold by the United States therein from
.and after the day of sale;
] An act directing a survey and estimate of the
| cost of constructing a canal and basin at the ter-
I minus of t he Chesapeake and Ohio canal at George-
' town; and
; An act granting the light of way and making a
i grant of land to the States of Indiana, Illinois,
i and Iowa, in aid of the construction of a railroad
; from the Wabash lo the Missouri river.
TESTS OF COAL.
Air. COOPER A i evolution was adopted by
the Senate some two weeks ago, calling upon the
I Secretary of the Navy for information in relation
1 to certain tests that had been made as to the qual-
! ity of coal in use by the Navy. The report of
! the engineer-in-chief was not communicated along
I with the information, being in a bureau different
1 from that in which reports of that kind are usually
j filed. The resolution which I hold in my hand
j calls for that report. It contains very important
j information as to the quality of coal. I hope the
! resolution may be considered at this time. :
' No objection was made to the consideration of !
: the resolution, and it was read, as follows:
! flesoh-ed, That the Seeietary ot the Navy be and he is |
[ heiehy directed to communicate to the Senate the repoit ot i
| the Engineer m-Chict of the Xavy of the roMill of an ex- •
! pomnent or expeutnents lately made bv him to te-st the ,
! quality of the various kmd< of con! now in u^c in the Navy 1
' ot the" United rifates, together with any information in pos- ,
, se^ion of the Department on the -ubjeet not communicated
( m an-uer t<> the late eaii of the Senate. \
j Mr. COOPER.. Mr. President, before putting 1
i the resolution to vote, ] beg leave to communicate, ;
j for the benefit of the A dministrcUion and the coun-
I try, certain information which, 1 am sure, will be
; useful to both. A few years ago, American coal
; was one of the articles calling most loudly for the
; protection of the Government; but, by a concur-
! rence of fortunate circumstances, the coal trade
I has reached a point that puts it comparatively be-
yond the reach of destructive competition—that is,
if the Government would extend to it such mci-
; dental encouragement as it has it m its power to
do.
I understand that offers have been made to the
Navy Department to supply the squadron lately
ordered to the Chinese seas with American an-
thracite coal, at the rate of $15 per ton. These
offers propose to deliver it, at this price, at any
port in those seas which the Government may de-
signate. The superiority of American coal, espe-
cially of anthracite, over English, and every other
species, is well known to those who have given
| attention to the subject. I have before me an ex-
! tract from the log of the Princeton, duringacruise
j in the Mediterranean, in the years 1848-'9, which
| exhibits the result of a test made with Scotch bi-
; tummous, Cumberland bituminous, and anthracite
coal. It is as follows: Cumberland bituminous
j superior to Scotch, twenty-four per cent.; anthra-
| cite to Cumberland, sixteen and seven-tenths per
> cent. More recently still, I have been informed
that a test has taken place in New York, under the
direction of the Engineer-in-Chief of the Navy, an
officer of great scientific attainments and intelli-
gence, the result of which he has communicated to
the Navy Department, in the shape of a report.
This report exhibits a superiority of anthracite
over bituminous of sixty-six per cent. The test
was several times repeated with the same result.
One of the experiments was made on board the
Fulton, and was eminently successful; as was
another, made on board one of the Government
ships.
The superiority of anthracite over bituminous
coal in producing steam, independent of these most
satisfactory tests, has become abundantly mani-
fest. Every vessel engaged in our internal trade
north and east of Philadelphia, have used anthra-
cite coal alone for several years past; and it is well
known that the people engaged in that trade are
keenly alive to their own interests, and would not
be likely to do this were it not that those interests
were promoted by doing it. But it is not only in
producing a greater quantity of steam that the su-
periority of the anthracite coal is manifest. It is
not, like the bituminous, either English or Amer-
ican, liable to spontaneous combustion. In long
voyages, the bituminous coal is always liable to
this danger. During the year 1850, the Noman-
tuin, Fanchou, and Waldron, laden with bitumin-
ous coal, cleared from Baltimore, destined for the
Pacific, all took lire and were consumed—the two
first wholly, and the last was only partially saved
by running her aground. During the present year,
the English steam-packet Amazon,only two days
out, took fire from the spontaneous combustion of
the coal in her bunkers, or hulks, and was con-
sumed, together with a large portion of her crew.
Were theie no other superiority than that of necu-
rity, it would be a great and decisive one.
Thereare, however, other advantages in its use,
to which f have not adverted. On foreign stations,
and in distant seas, we are without places to store
it. The anthracite may be thrown out. anywhere,
and is liable to no damage from exposure to the
weather. The bituminous must be housed in or-
der to be preserved, and on several occasions the
Government has been charged more for demur-
rage, or storage, than for freight from the port
from whence it was shipped to the place of desti-
nation and use. It is necessary to retain the ships
which transported it, and for such detention the
Government must pay.
The cheapness of the anthracite is also an induce-
ment to its use. Lately, anthracite was offered to
the Government, to be delivered at any port
which it might indicate in the Chinese seas, at $15
per ton. English coal, at the same ports, is now
selling, as I am informed, for §2U per ton. Taking
into account the superiority of the anthracite over
the English bituminous, which is, at least, sixty
per cent., makes the cost of the English, m com-
parison with the anthracite, $,32 per ton, or over
double the price of the former.
I throw out these suggestions for the benefit of
the Government m purchasing its supplies, being
assured that it only needs information on the sub-
ject, to induce it to use that which will be most
economical. There is one other advantage, to
which 1 desire to refer, that, the anthracite pos-
sesses over the bituminous. Insurance upon the
anthracite can be procured at one and three quarters
per ccnl. to ports in the most distant seas—at any
rate, to all the ports which our vessels have been
in the habit of frequenting in the Chinese seas
Insurance upon the bituminous cannot be effected
at all. This is another and decisive testimony in
favor of the superior character of anthracite coal;
