1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
phens's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Ficklin in the chair.)
NAVAL APPHQPRIATION J3ILI..
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to, take up House
bill No. 240, " making appropriation for, the naval
service for the year ending June,30, 3,853,"
The motion was agreed to. <•
- On motion,by Mr. Houston, the. reading of the
bill was dispensed.with.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, addressed the
House an hour upon the,necessity of reorganizing
and improving the Navy, and in favor of building
a war steamer with a screw propeller, and of white
oak instead of live oak, by way of experiment,
with the view to an improvement in the structure
of American vessels-of-war. [Mr. S.'s speech is
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, coming from a
State which has a large commerce, and an exposed
coast—a State which has suffered from maritime
invasion, and presents now more tempting induce-
ments to the invader—I feel a deep interest in the
appropriations for the Navy. This interest led
me to examine the annual report of the Secretary,
the estimates of the Department for the current
year, and to compar.e them with the amounts pro-
posed to be appropriated by the Committee of
Ways and Means in the present bill for this great
arm of national defense. I remarked,as the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs [M>. Stanton] has observed, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reduced the
estimates in,the increase, repairs, &c., of the
Navy, $300,000, and was curious to know the
cause of this reduction.
The aggregate amount of the estimates for the
Navy proper $5,518,000. The estimates ft*r
other objects undor the control of the Navy De-
partment, including the carrying of the mail by
steamers, construction of dry-docks in California,
the improvement and repairs of navy-yards, hos-
pitals, magazines, &c., $2,684,000. When we
compare these appropriations with those for the
British Navy, we find a most alarming disparity
<>n our side, considering the relations of this Gov-
ernment towards that, and the lelative strength of
other naval Powers in Europe. From a news-
paper account of the statistics pf the Navy of Great
Britain, which has lately fallen under my notice,
I find the estimated expense for the current year
Stated at <£5,622,488 sterling, nearly, equal to
$95,000,000. This disparity is not only in the
annual expense more than the same r^tio of dis-
proportion exists in the number and character of
their ships of war, and the force of their arma-
ments.
A writer in the National Intelligencer, alluding
to a recent debate in Congress, says :
<c We all know the gallant Commodore in tlie Senate to
be a brave ma.n, but he seems to take for granted that oui
navy can ' whip' all the navies of the world in case we
become involved in war. Now, f think that the present
state of our service, particularly as regards the insubordina-
tion, if not mutiny, winch I am sorry to say exists, we could
hardly begin to try to fight them, much less to whip them.
I Wonder, too-, if the Commodore is posted up as to the
strength of other nations on the ocean ? or does he speak
from guess ? or does he think the San Jacinto more than a
match for LaHogue, or Ajax, fifty-six guns each, and all
of the heaviest calibre? The English have ten or twelve
just such vessels, and are now preparing for sea the Non-
pareil, 81; Agamemnon, of 90 guns and 3,100 tons; the
Royal Albert, LQ0 ; thirty-four sixty-eight pounders on her
lower deck ; the James Watt, 90; and Windsor Castle, of
120 guns. These terrible steamers are, in addition to some
one hundred and twenty others, more than one half which
are quite equal, if not greatly supenor to the San Jacinto."
I am not a nautical man. I profess to have no
information with regard to naval affairs. But I
desire to ask of some gentleman in this House,
who is familiar with these matters, whether it can
be true, that there are steamers of this immense
armament?—whether it can be true that the Bri-
tish Government are building steamers carrying
ninety, and one hundred and twenty guns, as rep-
resented by the correspondent of the National
Intelligencer? If it be true, how much greater
t;he necessity for placing ourselves in a proper pos-
ture of defense! I understand from the learned
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that our largest steamers carry only ten guns, and
it appears fVom the above extract, that Great Bri-
tain and France are building steamers carrying
100 and 120 guns.
-Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I presume
that the steamers to which the gentleman alludes,
are those which they are building with the auxili-
ary steam power. The British Government have
adopted the plan, in some instances, of putting
auxiliary steam power into their old frigates; and
perhaps, into theirline-of-battle ships, which carry
nearly the same amount of guns as formerly, and
yet5 have this auxiliary steam power below the
water line.
Mr. BOWIE. Then I understand, from the
explanation made by the chairman of the Naval
Committee, that although they may not be regular
steamers, having all the velocity and power of
that class of vessels, yet they approximate to
them in a great measure; they have acquired an
increased velocity and power, and will be, com-
paratively, as dangerous and irresistible. Now,
let every man who has the protection and defense
of his country at heart—let every one who is not
totally indifferent to our competition for equality
on the seas, not to say superiority—let every man
who is not reckless of the consequences which
may ensue, if, unfortunately, war should grow up
with Great Britain or any other European nation,
consider these facts.
Our ships will sail wherever duty shall require
them. They will meet the enemy, however nu-
merous their fleets, or superior their armaments.
In a contest against such odds, valor, skill, and
discipline will strive in vain; the stars and stripes
must sink at last, with the brave hearts whifch de-
fended them; death and defeat will be theirs; the
shame will be on our heads; their blood on our
hands.
We are delegated by our constituents, to pro-
vide in peace for war, and to take proper steps
for the protection of our Atlantic and Pacific fron-
tier; and if, with information like this before us,
we can hesitate to vote the supplies which the Ex-
ecutive asks at our hands, we must have some other
reason than any which occurs to me, to justify it.
No man, who is not wholly indifferent to the con-
sequences which must result from this unequal
warfare, can hesitate to vote the necessary sup-
plies. The inequality upon our part, consists not
only in the armament of the vessels, but it is
equally great and startling in the number of them.
The Secretary of the Navy shows us that we have
only forty-six vessels in commission, including
sloops, and brigs, and steamers—only ten of those
being steamers. We have forty-six more in or-
dinary, and being repaired. Can the Committee
of Ways and Means, after regarding the relative
strength of the powers of Europe and ourselves,
withhold the supplies necessary to keep up the
Navy, even in its ordinary condition ? This is no
party question. It is no party policy emanating
from the Whig or Democratic party. It is but a
continuation of the policy, sanctioned by all Ad-
ministrations, and particularly by the late Demo-
cratic Administration.
Mr. Chairman, youknowthatin 1847, the then
President of the United States, who was justly
high in the regard of his party, recommended an
appropriation for the gradual increase of the N avy;
and in consequence of that appropriation, four
steamers have been, orare now being built. That
appropriation has now been exhausted, but surely
we will not neglect so good and so patriotic an
example? Surely, a Democratic majority in this
House, having it in their power, will not repudiate
what one of their sages has so lately advised them
to do, under circumstances not at all more emer-
gent than the present. The Secretary of the
Navy, in his late annual report, stales he does
not mean to recommend the placing ourselves
upon an equality with foreign Powers, but that
due caution and ordinary circumspection suggest
that we should continue the gradual increase of our
Navy. Sir, if he had not suggested it at all, our
own observation of the growth of our commerce,
the extent of our coast, the increase of our power,
the exposure of the new States upon the Pacific,
would have suggested the necessity of this increase.
If we have a Pacific coast and Pacific States to
project, we must have a Navy riding in those seas.
If the State of California, and the cities of that
State, should acquire the population and wealth
which their friends anticipate, they will be the
" optima spolm" of naval warfare; and the power
that possesses superiority upon that ocean, will
be enabled to grasp them when it pleases.
Mr. Chairman, we should not forget the great
debt and obligation which the" country is under to"
the Navy. I am sorry to see th'e apologetic tone-
adopted by the Departments in speaking of the
estimates for appropriations. It is ah arm of the
service of which we should be proud—■One whos#
achievements we should glory in and endeavor to
reward. Prom the time of the TripoKtan and*
Algerine war, to the late war with Mexico, the'
Navy has rendered us most dsstu^uished'services.
No branch of the service has-been more conspicu-
ous, more devoted, more self-sacrificing. The'
only mode of placing them in the position they
are entitled to occupy, is to give them rank and
emolument equivalent to their perils and priva-
tions. I do not now suggest an increase of pay,
but I say cherish the corps which has already-
been prolific of such glorious acquisitions, and is
so essential to our safety. Much as I respect the
Army, highly as I prize their achievements, I' be-
lieve we would never have been the victors of
Vera Cruz or the conquerors of California, if it
had not been for the prowess and gallantry of the
Navy. That branch of the service has never had
a traitor in it from the time of its organization. It
has never had an officer who resigned in the face
of a war or a difficulty. It has not only always
met the foe and conquered them when equal or
inferior, but it has often conquered its superiors—
both in single ships and fleets.
More than that, Mr. Chairman, we are indebted
to the Navy almost exclusively for the monopoly
which we now enjoy of the whale fisheries. An-
terior to the war of 1812 the British had almost a
monopoly of that- branch of the fisheries. Our
Navy swept the British whalers from the ocean;
and, notwithstanding British bounties and the at-
tempts of the British Government to foster that
branch of their commerce, from that time to this
Americans have reaped all its benefits. We have
now not less than nine millions invested in that-
branch of commerce, and the annual profits derived
from it, I am credibly informed, 'amount to nine
millions more. Certainly a commerceso rich and
valuable as that must be protected; and as we ex-
pand our commerce we must increase our Navy.
Will any gentleman be so economical as to insist
that we should deny appropriations based upon
estimates coming from the Department, and which
appropriations, according to the statement of the
chairman of the Naval Committee, (whose duty
it is to know "syh&t is necessary,) will only be suf-
ficient to enable the Government to build one ves-
sel? That gentleman has already pointed out the
mortifying spectacle which was presented to the
country of having but one ship to send in an hour
of great emergency to assert our rights on the
coast of Newfoundland. What American in an
Enelish or European port would not feel ashamed
of tne admission that the United States of North
America, claiming to be equal with " the mistress
of the seas," had but one armed ship to protect
their rights. And, sir, if a war—a contingency I
cannot contemplate without horror—should re-
sult from any unhappy collision on that coast,
who can not foresee the devastation and wreck
and prostration of our commerce and of our com-
mercial emporiums in consequence of ourfatal and'
lethargic security ? I wish some gentleman, pos-
sessing the power of rousing this H&use to a sense
of what is due to the dignity of the nation and to'
our own defense, would become the advocates of
the Navy—some gentlemen belonging to that pow-
erful party who now hold the legislation of this
House within their hands. Let them do it. They
cannot wreath a chaplet of more glorious luster
around theiv brows. We owe it to the country;
we owe it to ourselves: we owe it to our posterity;
we owe it to those who have gone before us not
to suffer the laurels which have been gathered in
so many conflicts to wither under presumptive
self-esteem and invincibility, or the blight of penu-
rious legislation.
Mr. SCHOONMAKER obtained the floor, and
addressed the House an hour in defining the posi-
tion of the Whig party of New York on the com-
promise questions, maintaining that that party
there, although greatly opposed to the passage of
the fugitive slave law, was disposed to acquiesce
in the compromise measures, irrespective of any*
platform. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MANN obtained the floor, and yielded
it to
Mr. POLK. As the gentleman has been giving
the history of the Whig party in New York, t
