1852.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wi
and the Patent. Office, to which was referred the
petition of Peter U. Morgan, administrator of John
Arnold, deceased, and George G.Bishop,submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief
of George G. Bishop and the legal representatives
of John Arnold, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
INDIGENT INSANE PERSONS.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained leave to
bring in a bill making a grant of lands to the
several States of the Union for the Relief and sup-
port of indigent insane persons; which was read a
Sirst and second time by its title, and referred to a
select committee, consisting of five members, to be
appointed by the President pro tern-
The following Senators were subsequently ap-
pointed: Mr. Shields, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Ham-
lin, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Bell.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SOULE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to es-
tablish a navy-yard and depot near the city of
New Orleans; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Kaval Affairs.
FORTIFICATIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
Mr. GWIN. I have a resolution which I wish
to offer. I see by the report of the Board of En-
gineers for the Pacific coast, that there is a state-
ment to this effect:
" This Board, constituted under orders of l?lh Juno, 1851,
for the purpose of studying the system of defenoe f'oi the
Pacific coast, is sedulously engaged on projects for the en-
trance to San Francisco bay; and I hope soon to pie*ent
plans in support of an appropnation for the comineneemont
of a work tlieie early next year.1'—Report of J4 th Novem-
_ her, 1851, to the Secretary of War.
I want to obtain information in regard to that
appropriation; I therefore offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested, if
not incompatible vvitli the public interest, to communicate
to the Senate what amount of money, if any, has been
recommended by the Board of Engineer ofticeis charged
With planning the ibitifications of San Fiancisco Bay, to be
appropiiated at the present session of Congiess, for the im-
mediate commencement of those fortifications.
The resolution was agreed to.
CENSUS RETURNS.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the permission of the
Senate to take up for a moment the joint resolu-
tion to provide for the printing of the returns of
the Seventh .Census, simply for the purpose of
laying upon the table an amendment which IY4-
pose to offer to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.] I am in favor
of compromises and adjustments, and I think the
" amendment which I propose to offer will be a rea-
sonable medium between the proposition offered
by my friend from Connecticut and the joint reso-
lution on the table, and such a one as I think
there can be 110 reasonable objection to. It will re-
move all difficulty as to the work not being faith-
fully executed, and will, at the same time, relieve
us from such a business as putting out such a work
to the lowest bidder. By the unanimous consent of
the Senate, I hope the amendment to the amend-
ment will be printed.
The motion to take up the joint resolution was
agreed to.
Mr.BADGrERthen offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike out fiom the amendment to the amendment all after
the words " it shall he the duty of," and insert the follovv-
inH"thc Joint Committee on Printing to contract with
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong for printing and binding the
Census, on such term«as the committee may think reasona-
ble and proper: the work to he executed uriderthedirection
of tile Secretary of the Interior, and to be paid foi from time
to tune during the piogrc&s of tiic work b) the head of the
Census Bureau, under tlie direction of tile Secretary, with
power in the Secretin?to abate troin the amount stipulated,
if tiie work when executed shall prove deficient or below
the standard winch may bo agreed upon  
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator from Michigan in his speech, but I give
notice that I shall call up the joint resolution m the
morning; and I hope the Senate will then be pre-
pared to act upon it.
On motion by Mr. BAD&H.B, it was
Ordered, That the fuither consideration of the resolution
be postponed until to-morrow, and that the proposed amend-
ment he printed.
ENGROSSED BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read the third time and passed:
An act to change the times for holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the western
district of Virginia, and for other purposes;
An act to provide for the appointment of a Su-
j perintendent of Indian affairs in California;
An act to enforce discipline and promote good
conduct in the naval service of the United States;
and
An act amendatory of the act entitled "An act
to provide for holding the courts of the United
States in case of the sickness or otherdisability of
the judges of the district courts," approved ."July
29, 1850.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL BY BREVET.
Mr. GWIN submitted informally several amend-
j ments, which he will hereafter offer, to the joint
resolution authorizing the President of the United
; States to confer the tj tie of Lieutenant General by
j brevet for eminent services; and they were ordered
' to be printed.
Mr. CASS, for the same purpose, submitted the
following; which was ordered to be printed:
Provided, however, That when the said grade of Lieuten-
ant Geneial by bievot shall have once been tilled and have
become vacaut, tins act shall thereafter expire and bo of no
elFect.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill granting the right of way and making a grant
of land to the State of Iowa, in aid of the con-
, struction of certain railroads in said State.
' Mr. FELCH resumed and finished the speech
which he commenced yesterday in favor of the
bill, and against the amendment of Mr. Under-
wood, the report of which will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. BELL. I agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, particularly since I have heard
liia concluding remarks, as well as some remarks
in the preceding stage of his argument, that this
is becoming a serious and important question,and
deserves not only a grave consideration, but per-
haps a fuller discussion than we have yet had upon
it. If I understand the honorable Senator, he is
' strongly impressed with the belief that the fate of
! our land system generally—of our mode of appro-
priating the public lands—may be broken down
or destroyed, if there is any interference with the
practice of making these appropriations for inter-
nal improvements in the new States. If that be
so, the question is highly deserving of further
consideration; and I should like to hear a fuller
development of the views of the honorable Sena-
tor upon that point. There was conveyed, in the
! manner and gravity with which he announced this
| sentiment, not only a. warning, but something of a
I threat also. I am not insensible that it may be
: wise in the Senator to give his timely warning, and
to give it in whatever shape he may think proper;
for I have had my ears open, and 1 have seen,
I too, the progress of sentiments which may lead to
that result; and it will be the part of wisdom of
the Congress of the [Jmted States, if they think
1 the policy to winch he alludes is not wise and
proper, to pursue a conciliatory, liberal, and just
; policy. But nevertheless, I think that wmc eon-
; siderations of justice, of equality, and of right,
i in regard to all other sections of the Union, may
' be well coupled with it.
: There were some other remarks made by the
honorable Senator, which 1 ought notto say aston-
ished me; they struck me with surprise, but per-
haps it was owing to my own inadvertence, want
of attention to, and ignorance of, facts which I
1 ought to have known. Ill some of the new States
if 1 understand the honorable Senator, some four
1 fifths, and in some lime-tenths, of the public do-
I main yet retrain unsold. And yet I have seen
! ftom session to session, and from Congress to
! Congress, for the last fifteen years, an extraordi-
j nary desire to extend, and yet to extend still fur-
ther, to open the claims of the United States free
from the possession and right of occupancy by
the Indian tribes, of territory still further and fur-
ther into the wilderness. My attention has not
been drawn in detail to this subject, although you
! may remember that the discussion which we have
I had this session may be said to be an annual dis-
| cussion in its general features and aspects, and is
I assuming a still greater and greater importance at
every Congress. You may remember that the
type of this discussion may be traced back io
Congressional history for the last twertcy years. Jt
has only received some additional and further de-
velopments, as the public domain has. increased,
as new States have been admitted, as the western
borders have extended, and as new questions have
arisen regarding the rights of the new States. As
these have become larger, new ideas have been
presented. On that account there is some novelty
in this discussion.
I do not mean to enter into this argument in
detail, but there are some views upon the subject
which I wish to submit briefly to the Senate. I
have not studied the question, but I have listened
with great attention to the remarks of "the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Fei.ch,J who
has Heated the subject fully, ably, and, in many
respects, very fairly and candidly. There are
some other points of policy with regard to the
mode in which opposition to this course of the
appropriation of the public lands has been kept up
and maintained by our State-rights frienSs. I
hope they will not consider me as speaking in any
disparagement, if I allude to a course of policy
which has tended as much as any other to defeal
a just, equitable, and liberal policy in regard to <he
appropriation of the public lands heretofore.
It is suggested to me that I h,id better give way
to a motion to postpone the further consideration!
of this subject until to-morrow, so that we may
prooeed to the consideration of Executive business.
I am willing to do so. But I give notice that I do
not wish to make a set speech, for I have taken'no
notes; though tliere are some points which I think
of great importance which 1 wish to bring before
the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I move, then, to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow,
for the purpose of going into Executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
pf Executive business, and after a short time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, February 4, 1852.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER There are a large number of
communications from the Departments upon the
Speaker's table, which will be presented to the
House this morning, if there is no objection.
On motion by Mr. KURTZ, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
flies of tlie House all the papers in the 'mm- of Peter Stra-
ber, for the purpose of reference 111 the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message, hereto-
fore received from the President of the United
States, viz:
To Ihe House of Rc]rresentatwcs :
111 answei to the resolution ot the House of Representa-
tive,, 1,1 tin; 7th of Auiru-t, 1«0, and tlie 17th ot' Decem-
ber, IKri! , ref|ue„tin  information touching the claims.ot
citizen* of the Uintcil Stales on the Government of I'ortu
jral, t transmit a repoit from tin; Seeietary of State, and the
documents winch accompany the smile. „„„„
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washinoton, 28,'A. Janumy, 1852.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, That the sjid message anil accompanying docu-
ments be referred to the Committee on I-'oreign AlUlrs and
printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House sundiy Executive communi-
cations, viz:
I. A letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, transmitting copies of his accounts, re-
ceipts, and disbursements for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending 30th
.Tune, 1851; which, 011 motion by Mr. Seymour,
of New York, was, with the accompanying docu-
ments, referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, and ot tiered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annua! statement of the clerks
mid other persons employed in his Department
during: the year 1853; which, on motion by Mr.
