462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Robbins, was, with the accompanying documents,
ordered to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, transmitting a copy of a communication from
the Secretary of State, with copies of estimates
required to complete the service of that Depart-
ment for the current fiscal year; which, on mo-
tion by Mr. Seymour, of New York, was referred,
with the accompanying documents, to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a list of contracts made for light-house
purposes, &c., for 1851; also, copies of reports
from Professor Bache, under instructions from the
Treasury Department, and in pursuance of the act
of March 3, 1851, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same, and for other purposes;" which, with
the accompanying documents, was, on the motion
of Mk Seymour, of New York, ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and be
printed.
V. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the Marine Hospital
fund for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1851;
which, with the accompanyingdocuments, was,on
the motion of Mr. Robbins, ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and be printed.
VI. A letier from the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in conformity with law, state-
ments of the accounts which remained due more
than three years prior to the Istday of July, 1851,
on the books of the Register of the Treasury, and
on the books of the Second, Third, and Fourth
Auditors, respectively; which, with the accompa-
nying documents, was, on the motion of Mr.
Robbins, ordered to be referred to the Committee
of Ways and.Means, and be printed.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting detailed statements of the manner in
which the contingent fund of that Department and
its several bureaus, has been expended during the
last year; which letter and accompanying docu-
ments were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
VIII. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office of the present
date, accompanied by the annual reports of the
Surveyors General o'f Illinoisygnd Missouri and
of Oregon, which were not reamed in time to ac-
company his last annual repoW," which said letter
and accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
IX. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of the Adjutant General, with an
abstract of the returns of the militia of all the
States and Territories, with their arms, accoutre-
ments, and ammunition; which letter and accom-
panying documents were, on motion by Mr. Bis-
ssll, ordered to ke referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs t^td be printed.
X. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a copy of a report made by the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury Department m answer to
a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
26th ultimo, relative to the allowance of claims
previously suspended or disallowed; which said
letter and accompanying documents were, on mo-
tion by Mr. Fui.ler, of Maine, ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
XI. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report in relation to the merits of
the various condensers for supplying boilers of
marine engines with fresh water, in compliance
with a provision of the act of September 28. 1850,
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1851; which com-
munication and accompanying documents were,
on the motion of Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
XII. A letter from the Postmaster General,
tiunsnutting, m compliance with the act of the
, A"S«st, 1842, a report and statement from
the 1 hud Assistant Postmaster General, as dis-
bursing agent of that Department, showing in de-
tail his receipts and payments during the year
3851, which letter and ficftoropanying; documents
were, on the motion of Mr. Olds, ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of Oregon Ter-
ritory, transmitting a copy of the journals of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon; which was, on the motion of
Mr. Robbins, ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following bills from the Sen-
ate; which were severally read a first and second
tirrfe by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
No. 19. An act to extend the time for selecting
lands granted to the State of Wisconsin for saline
purposes. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
No. 70. An act for the relief of the widows and
relatives of certain officers and seamen of the
United States brig Washington, who were lost
overboard in a hurricane. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
No. 74. A bill to authorize the State of Illinois
to select the residue of the lands to which she is
entitled under the act of the 2d of March, 1827,
granting land to aid that State in opening a canal
to connect the waters of the Illinois river with
those of Lake Michigan. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
No. 142. An act to admit the hermaphrodite
brig Sylphide to registry. Referred- to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
No. 54. An act for the relief of Theodore Of-
fut. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 68. An act for the relief of Charles A.
Kellett. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
No. 69. An act for the relief of Enoch Bald-
win. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
No. 77. An act for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
No. 103. An act for the relief of A. H. Cole.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 104. An act for the relief of James Dun-
ning. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. J12. An act for the relief of Julia Acken.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
No. 116. An act to provide for the final settle-
ment of the accounts of Jonathan Kearsley, late
receiver of the public moneys at Detroit, and of
John Biddle, late register of the land office at that
place. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
No. 118. An act for the relief of the children of
Erastus A. Capron. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
No. 119. An act for compensation to James W.
Low and others, for the capture of the British pri-
vate armed schooner Ann, during the late war
with Great Britain. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
No. 124. An actgrantinga pension to Elizabeth
Munroe. Referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
Also, joint resolution No. 10, for the relief of
Alexander P. Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin
Territory, and sureties. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
No. 46. An act granting a pension to Sally T.
Floyd, widow of George R. C. Floyd, late a Lieu-
tenant Colonel in the Army of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
HARVESTING MACHINE.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the third reading of an engrossed bill
entitled "An act for the relief of Hiram Moore
and John Hascall."
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
The question was then taken, and it was not
agreed to.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass ? 
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the reading of the bill.
I wish to see whether 
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. JONES. It is too late. I wish to know '
whether this bill does not grant a patent for four-
teen years ?
Mr. CARTTER. It does for fourteen years.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. CARTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The SPEAKER stated, as the next business in
order, the question on ordering the bill "to encour-
age agriculture, and for other purposes," to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read-
ing of the bill. -
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HALL. I do not know what disposition
the House may intend to make of this bill; but I
move now to amend it by inserting after the word
"widow" in the first line, the words " being a
white person." The amendment will make that
portion of the bill conform to the preemption law.
We have never given preemptions to any other
than white persons, and I think there ought to be
the same restriction in this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will just say-
to the House, that a bill containing provisions
similar to those contained in this bill, was intro-
duced, referred to the Committee on Agriculture,
and reported favorably on to the House. That
bill is now in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and among the first upon the
Calendar. This bill has been read twice, and is
now, I understand, upon its engrossment. Now,
this is a measure of very great importance, and
one in which much interest is felt throughout the
whole country—the public mind being directed to
making essential changes in the present land sys-
tem. I will, therefore, if there is no objection,
move to refefcthis bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
made the special order of the day for the first
Tuesday of March next, and from day to day
thereafter until disposed of; and also, that the bill
No. 7, upon the same subject, now in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, be
made the special order for the same day.
There being no objection, the motion was con-
sidfered ahd agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was adopted, and to
lay thfe motion to reconsider on the table; which
latte/ motion was agreed to.
LAWS OP THE UNITED STATES,
'lie SPEAKER stated, as the next business in
order, the question on the engrossment for a third
reading of the bill to regulate the publication of
the laws of the United States and of the public
advertisements, which had been reported back from
the Judiciary Committee, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. SMART. I wish to say that this bill was
introduced by me at an early period of^|e session,
and referred to the Committee on the&fudiciary,
and that during my late illness it was reported
back to the House with a recommendation that it
do not pass. I regret that it should come before
the House under such auspices, for having been
placed in the position in which it is, it may be
that it will not receive much favor at the present
time. But I hope that the principles of this bill
may be understood by the country, and I think
that, if they are understood, the time is not far
distant when something of the kind will be adopted
by Congress.
1 will now explain the character of this bill in
a very few words, and, for the purpose of doing
so, I ask for the reading of the bill, that I may
make it a part of my remarks.
The bill was read, as foliows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assem-
bled, I'linl the selection of new-papers for the publication
of the laws of the United States shall, after the passage of
this act, be made by theSecretaiyof State, as follows : Tile
numbei selected shall be, in each Congressional district
two j in each Territory, two; in the District of Columbia'
tour; and a preference shall be given, in all ca«e« to the
papers which may have the largest weeklv subscription to
be a-cei rained hv the affidavit of the editors, respectively
and by such additional evidence as may be requisite to es-
tablish the facts 111 each ease.
Sec. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That the public ad-
vertisements of the United States shall be published m one
or more Congressional districts, according to tlin natuie of
