1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
and to it I invite the attention of the Grovernment
and the country.
The resolution was adopted.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now ask leave, in pur-
suance of notice, to introduce a bill to change the
- mode of compensating members of Congress. In
submitting this proposition, I beg leave to make a
brief statement to the Senate as to the motives
which have influenced me in drawing this bill. I
shall soon retire from public office, and probably
forever. In going out of nublic employment, 1
present this bill to provide that the agents and offi-
cers of the Government shall receive a reasonable
compensation for their services. I do not think
the present rate of compensation is just. It is very
unequal. Tested by past experience, some of us
have received our pay at the rate of eight dollars a
day, while others have received from one hundred
to four hundred dollars. That is altogether un-
just. I propose to equalize the compensation,
and to increase it. The first section of this bill,
therefore, proposes to repeal all laws now in force,
compensating members of Congress, from and
after the 3d of March next. I make it prospective
in its operations, because I propose to give an an-
nual salary. When theold compensation billpassed,
it was very much objected to by the people; in fact,
it was odious to them, because tne members of
Congress received the money into their own
pockets. They voted it to themselves. I believe
the people would have had no objection to it, pro-
vided it had been prospective. I therefore make
this*bill entirely prospective. My object in that
is, to allow the people, through their represent-
atives, to pass upon it during the next Congress.
The second section of this bill proposes to allow
members of Congress §2,000 per annum. The old
compensation bill allowed them only $1,500 per
annum. That was passed in 1816. Since that time
there has been a great change in prices and in the
currency. I therefore have increased the compen-
sation $500. I do more. The old compensation
bill did away with mileage. I retain the present
mileage that is allowed to members of Congress,
in consideration of the greater distance which
some live from the capital than others. But I have
made one change in the rule by which it is to be
allowed. Instead of allowing it according to the
distance which is usually traveled, which has pro-
duced a very different mode of assessing mileage—
some charging by roads, some by rivers, same
one way and some another, I have made it uni-
form, by directing that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall compute it by a straight line, and thus
ascertain it by latitude and longitude. That will
pay an ample sum for bringing us here and taking
us home, and something besides; and that, added
to the salary of #2,000, will, it seems to mc, be a
reasonable compensation. I have then provided
that the half of the $2,000 shall he paid when we
assemble, and the other half when we go home,
thus furnishing an inducement for the speedy
transaction of the public business.
The last section provides that there shall be a
deduction for absenteeism. We are sometimes
left here without a quorum. When I first came
to Congress, the practice of pairing off and going
home was not known. It has all grown up within .
my memory, and within my service. The con- j
sequence is, that white, with a particular measure i
you may balance accounts, you often leave the two !
Houses of Congress without a quorum, to attend !
to other public, business of our constituents. 1 j
therefore propose that such member, at the end of j
the session, shall give an account of his absent \
days; and that there shall be deducted $10 for each !
day, unless he shall have the excuse of sickness, i
either on his own part or that of a member of his
family—which I think is a reasonable excuse. j
The PRESIDENT. TheScnator is aware that, '
under the hill of 1816,mileage was paid as usual.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know; but that bill was j
repealed in 1818. I alluded to the law of 1818, !
which is the law under which we are now com- !
pensated. i
The PRESIDENT. The Chair merely men- !
tioned it for the Senator, so that, if it should be ■
necessary to change his bill, he could do so. |
Leave was siven to introduce the bill, and it ji
was read the first time and ordered to a second |:
reading. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would refer it to a j!
committee, but I do not know any to which it be-
longs. I presume that it may take its chance
among the general orders. 1 will ask, however,
for its printing, if it does not take place as a mat-
ter of course.
The PRESIDENT, It will not be printed as a
matter of course, unless it is read a second time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope it will now be
read a second time.
The PRESIDENT. It will then come up im-
mediately for consideration, as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will, then, move to lay
it on the table, after it shall have been read the
second time, so that I can get it printed.
The bill was then read the second time. It en-
acts, that, from and after the third day of March,
1853, all laws now m force for the compensation
of members of Congress and Delegates from Terri-
tories shall be repealed, and that there shall be paid
to each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in
Congress, a salary for his services of $2,000 per
annum, one half thereof to be paid upon his atten-
dance at the first session of Congress, in any
year, and the other half at the end of the same ses-
sion; and in addition, each Senator, Represent-
ative, and Delegate shall, for traveling, be paid at
the beginning and end of each session of Con-
gress, twenty cents for each mile of distance be-
tween his residence and the capital, upon a
straight line—to be ascertained by the Secretary
of the Treasury : Provided, however, That no pay-
ment shall be made to any Senator for attending
a called session of the Senate to actupon Executive
business, at a time when the House of Represent-
atives is not in session. The Secretary of the
Treasury shall deduct from the compensation to
be paid aforesaid at the end of each session, ten
dollars for each day a member or Delegate may
have been absent from his seat during the sitting
of the House of which he is a member, unless
such absence may have been occasioned by his
sickness, or the sickness of his wife or child.
Each Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall
state at the end of each session how many days
he -so absented himself, and verify his statement
on oath; and, if any Senator, Representative, or
Delegate shall refuse to furnish such statement, no
payment shall then be made -to him.
The bill was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, aa in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852," the pending question being upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Bell, as amended, to insert the fol-
lowing:
Foi payment to the citizens of Alabama and Georgia, for
doprod.itionts commuted by Creek Indians upon thfir prop-
eity, and lor other properly taken by the tioops of the Uni-
ted ritates, and I'nendly Creeks, in the years183G and J837,
$353,7S7.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is not my purpose to de-
tain the Senate by an elaborate discussion of the
claim which this amendment presents to our con-
sideration. If it had been agreeable to the Senate
at us last sitting to have heard the brief remarks
which I then proposed to submit, it would have
been perfectly acceptable to me, as it was to ac-
quiesce in what appeared to be the wish of the
majority, to postpone its further consideration at
that time, by an adjournment. Indeed,sir, it was
not my purpose to have entered into this discus-
sion at all. I felt that the claim of these memo-
rialists was entirely safe 111 the hands of the Sena-
tors from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] Alabama, [Mr.
Cixmens,] and Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] aided by the
elucidation which has been given to it by my col-
league, who was part and parcel of these transac-
tions, and therefore perfectly familiar with the oc-
currences on which the claim was founded, i have
been induced to change that purpose, from an ap-
prehension that the incidental discussion which
occurred between the Senators from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] and Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] origin-
ating, as t think, in a misapprehension on the
pan. of the Senator from Michigan of the posi-
tion taken by the Senator from Tennessee—from
an apprehension that that incidental discussion in-
volving a subjectof much more interest, one much
more exciting than the consideration of the claim
ot these very humble memorialists, might result in
diverting the attention of the Senate from the merits
of the claim, and that the individual claimants
might be made to suffer under the diversion occa-
sioned by the discussion of the policy of a bygone
Administration, under which their claims have
arisen,and in which they had comparatively little
interest.
Mr. President, my simple purpose is to endeavor
to recall the attention of the Senate to the merits
of the claim, to the preceding action of Congress
on this subject, and to the obligation which they
imposed upon us as their successors, to redeem in
good faith the pledge which they have given. I
desire first to say that I consider totally alien to
the present question the inquiry, how far the rule
which restrains the liability of a Government to
indemnify its citizens for properly destroyed by a
public enemy, as that rule is understood among
civilized nations, can be applied to the predatory
and murderous incursions of savages upon the
peaceable inhabitants residing in their vicinity? I
do not think that the question arises under the
consideration of this claim. I think it is a viola-
tion of all propriety, and a total inattention to the
facts and circumstances of this ease, to allege that
the aggressions which were made, and which form
the foundation of the present claim, were made in
a public war. I submit to the Senate that the cir-
cumstances of this case do not show the existence
of anything like a public war. A public war is
defined to be "a state of things which exists be-
tween nations or sovereigns when the war is carried
on in the name of the public power and by its
order." The facts of this case show undeniably
that the great majority of the Creek tribe were
associated with the troops of the United States, in
their efforts to repress these aggressions; that un-
questionably, therefore, hostilities were not waged
by the tribe, or under its authority, but by a band
of free-booters separated from the great body of
the tribe, and pressed by considerations, to which
I will presently advert,to commit these aggressions
upon the peaceable and unoffending inhabitants of
Alabama and Georgia. I exclude, therefore, this
question from consideration. It is not an inquiry
how far you are bound to indemnify those who
sustained losses in a public war. Here was no
public war.
In the same manner I exclude from consider-
ation the question which has produced the inci-
dental and very animated discussion between the
Senators from Tennessee, Alabama, and Michi-
gan, namely, the question how far a Government
is bound to indemnify individual losses which are
sustained under the operation of an experimental
policy adopted by that Government, without a
consideration of the question whether that policy
be wise or unwise. It seems to me that the Sen-
ator from Michigan would have been relieved from
the necessity of vindicating the Administration of
which he formed a part, if he had attended to the
proposition of the Senator from Tennessee, and to
the express disclaimer which accompanied that
Senator's statement. That proposition, as I un-
derstood it, was, that the project of associating the
whites with Indians in the close proximity in
which they were left under the operation of the
treaty of 1832, was an experimental policy; and
the Senator from Tennessee pi eased upon the
consideration of the Senate the suggestion, that if
individual losses had resulted from this action of
the Government, without entering into the ques-
tion, whether its policy had been wise or un-
wise, the Government was justly responsible to
the individuals who had sustained the losses re-
sulting from that policy. The Senator from Ten-
nessee expiessly disclaimed all idea of making
any chaige of improper conduct against the Ad-
ministration by whom that treaty was negotiated,
and during whose existence theseaggressinns took
!>lare. He was prepared to admit, as I understood
from his repeated declaration, that the course of
policy adopted by that Administration wasdictated
by necessity—was, perhaps, all which in the state
of things that then existed, they could acomphsh
—that it may not have been within their power to
attempt what they might have desired, and what
they did unquestionably desire—the emigration of
the Indians cotemporaneously with the cession
of their lands, and thus to have averted those ag-
gressions of which the memorialists complain.
Whether that were or were not the admission of
the Senator from Tennessee, although not, as the
