1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
the advertisement and the propriety of givirg it a general,
a partial, or a local circulation 5 said adveiticements to be
published in euch papers, and such only, as may have been
selected in said district or districts according to the terms
of this act foi the publication of the laws..
Sec. M. And he it farther enarfcr7, That said public ad-
vertisements shall be published m the newspapers having
the publication of the laws as aforesaid in the Districtof j
Columbia, and iri th« papers having the publication of said
laws m the Terntones, when and as often as may be deemed
necessaiy.
Sec. 4 Jlrtd be it further enacted, That as sotfn as may
be after the pass-age of this act, and at the commencement
of the fn«t session of every succeeding Congress, a copy of
the li-st of newspapers selected according to the terms of ,
baid act, for the publication of the laws of the United States,
shall be communicated by the Secretary of State to the |i
heads of the Departments, and to the Seriateand the House tj
of Representatives, respectively. [ j
Snc. 5. And be it further cnacted, That the President !|
shall cause to be communicated to the Senate and Hou-e of 1;
Representatives, annually, a list of all newspapers that ■ !
shall have published, during the piecedingycar, anv adver- T
tisemcut* as aforesaid, with the name-* of the publishers, |
the place of publication, the nature of the woik periormed, '
and the amount paid to each publisher. !
Sec. 6. And be it further cnuctcd, That all acts and 1
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed. ■
Mr. SMART. This bill proposes, in the first ]
place, to authorize the publication of the laws of,
the United States in the two papers having the j
largest weekly circulation in each Congressional I
district. In addition to that, it proposes to give !
the publication of thepnbheadvertisements, when- j
ever it may be necessary for a local, partial, or I
general circulation, in the papers thus selected in \
one or more Congressional districts. I have given,
it will be seen, the preference to papers havingthe
largest weekly circulation, because this circulation
reaches the great masses of the people in the rural j
districts.. It goes to the intelligent population of j
the country, and is not confined, like the daily cir- :
cuiation, to the city. I claim for this bill the merit ;
that it divorces the press from the Government; !
that it entirely disconnects the press from govern- j
mental control. I claim this as one of the merits ;
of the bill.
I desire now to call the attention of the House 1
to a very few remarks upon this subject. I will !
promise not to detain gentlemen long. I desire
especially to call their attention to the fact that this
Government, like all other Governments, is tend-
ing rapidly towards centralization. And for one
I wish to do all 1 can—if I may be permitted to
use the expression—to decentralize the central l
power. This Government lms an enormous pat-
ronage under its control. Under the Whig ad-
ministration of John Glumcy Adams, the whole
expenditure of the Government did not exceed
$13,000,000. But how is it now? Why, under
the present Whig administration, the expenditure
of the Government is nearly $50,000,000. I say,
sir, you have an enormous patronage, all tending
to increase the central power of the Government. -
In addition to this you have, under the existing j
laws, control over the public press to a very large j
extent. I ask gentlemen to look to the city of j
New York. There are, in that city alone, a thou- j
sand employees in and about the custom-house, .
with a salary of more than a thousand dollars each |
on an average, all under the control of this Whig :
administration,and identified with the Whig parly, j
There are a regiment of men there, with leisure j
to do what they please in political matters. i
Every gentleman upon this*floor knows the true j
secret of getting up political influence in the large j
cities and large towns. It is done through these j
men of leisure. They are the persons who con- j
trol public sentiment m their localities. But I say |
the patronage of the Government is large enough, !
it is abundantly sufficient to concentrate the power (
of the Government without the aid of the press. ;
And 1 claim for the proposition which I have in- |j
troduced into this House, the merit that it will |j
have a tendency to decentralize that power by !|
divorcing the press from the control of the Gov- *
ernment. How are tne papers now selected by [
the Government for the publication of the laws11 i
The Administration selects two papers in each |
State to publish the laws of the United States, j
Nor is this all. The influence of the publishers of i
the public advertisements is tremendous. The list I
of names of printers and publishers in the Blue ;
Book covers twenty-five pages, There are about ,
fortv names on a page, making, in all, nearly j
one thousand who aie thus pensioned by the
Government, to say nothing of the publishers of i
the laws. Now, this proposition is calculated to ;
take this entire patronage from the power of the j
Government—to divorce the press and State. I •
am a " Union man." But I am not for a union
of Church and State, or of Bank and State, or of
the Press and State. I am, m those respects, a
"Disunionist." I want to dissolve the union of the
press and the Government. Sir, I have looked
into this subject—I have looked intoaproposition,
introduced many years ago by Col. Benton, which
was to take this patronage of the press away from
the General Government, and to give it to the
Congressional delegations of the several States.
But I saw that that proposition was liable to the
same objection which exists under the present ar-
rangement—that of placing the press under party
control. I came to the conclusion, therefore, that
the idea of the distinguished gentlemen to whom
I have referred, would not accomplish the purpose
which 1 desired to effect. 1 then concludcd to
adopt the proposition which I have introduced
here, to select those presses which have the largest
circulation in the several Congressional districts.
But, as I remarked in the outset, I do not intend to
detain the House long, and perhaps I have said
enough upon this point.
Another merit which I claim for this proposition
is, that it will give an equal, just, and fair circula-
tion to the laws of the United States, precisely in
proportion to the peculiar character of the people
whom you command to obey those laws. And
the present system does not do this. What is the
character of the present system of publishing the
laws of the country? Why, the Administration
now in power have, with the exception of two or
three " religious papers,"m every instance selected
a party paper, and the consequence is, that the
whole Democratic press of the country are exclu-
ded. This has been done, with the exceptions I
have named, in every instance. I desire to call
your attention for a moment to my own State.
In the State of Maine, there is a newspaper cir-
culation of about sixty-one thousand of papers
published in the State, and of course papers pub-
lished out of the State circulate largely within its
limits. Mr. Webster has selected the Christian
Mirror, in the city of Portland, as one of the two
papers in the State to publish the laws. It is a
very respectable Christian organ, of the orthodox
Congregational Society, with about three thousand
subscribers. 1 have nothing to say against the
paper. It is a very respectable one, but it affords
a circulation of the laws of the United States only
to the society of which itis the organ in my State.
But what other paper did he select? The Bangor
Whig, with a merely local circulation in a single
county. And that is the circulation which you
give to the laws of the United States in the State
of Maine, when you tell all the people in that State
they must obey those laws. What said that pure-
minded statesman, Silas Wright, upon the subject
of the circulation of the laws of his own State ? I
ask the attention of the House while I read from
his letter to Mr. Ilickey, who compiled this copy
of the Constitution of the United States. Pie says:
" It ha« long been a favorite wish of mine, as to this
State, that our public laws of universal interest may be by
our Lrgi-"i«iuue distributed to our common schools., in a
toim to be made a ola^-book foi the mori! advanced ■schnl
ar-, that the ctirrcnt legislation of the State may be easily#
and thoroughly understood by those who are to be the voters
of the State
By those who are to be the voters of the State.
Thai was the opinion of Silas Wright in relation
to the laws of the State of New York. Now I ask,
if the laws passed by the most important delibera-
tive body in the country are of any importance,
should they not be circulated, and generally circu-
lated, at least to the extent which you circulate
your State laws? I might say something of the
circulation of the laws of the State of Maine. We
have, as I before remarked, a newspaper circula-
tion of papers published in the State amounting to
sixty-one thousand. Well, sii, we circulate a copy
of the laws of,that State annually to every sub-
scriber of a paper within the limits of the State.
But you circulate the laws of the United States to
how many? Why, to about five thousand per.
sons. To about four thousand or five thousand
in the whole State of Maine—a State containing
' six hundred thousand inhabitants! Now, I find by
the census returns, that the circulation of newspa-
pers in the Umied States is about three millions,
and you give a circulation to the laws of the United
States of about one hundred and twenty thousand.
I have made this estimate hastily, but I think it
cannot be far out of the way. That is thf circu-
lation which you give to your laws. You com-
mand all the Democrats and all the Whigs and all
the Abolitionists in the country to obey those
laws, but you will not permit them to see them—
you will not send the Jaws lo them. I maintain,
that if you expect the people of the country to
: obey your laws, you ought to afford the requisite
| facilities to the people for becoming acquainted
j with them.
j I now come to the great objection to this propo-
j sition, viz: that it will cost something. And \iport
| that objection I beg to make a single remark. I
| always find gentlemen in every deliberative as-
I sembly who are very stringent upon expenses in
I some matters, and yet who are very loose and
I liberal in others. Now, I make this distinction:
I say where the thing is really necessary for the
good of the country, where it is essential t*> the
welfare of the public, that the expense is a second-
ary consideration. And, according to that rule, I
say that in this case it is a secondary consideration.
But where there is an extravagant expenditure ol
the public money, I will go as far as any other
man to curtail. But I repeat, in this case the ex-
penditure which is incurred in disseminating this
important information to the people, should not be
regarded. It goes all over the country, and is ex-
pended for a laudable purpose—for a purpose
which justifies the expense. The expenditure for
this publication, I will state, according to my esti-
mate, would be about $75,000. Even this amount
may be much reduced by reducing the compensa-
tion to publishers. The expenditure is not a le-
gitimate or fair objection to the proposition.
I did not intend, when I arose, to do anything
, more than merely to explain this proposition, and
place it before the House and the country in its
proper light. I hope the House and the country
will take it up and carry it out. I desire, however,
to say one word more in relation to an idea which
I have already suggested. 1 allude to the influence
which politicians, and the Government, exercise
over the press of the country. It is well known
that when a usurper, no matter whether he I e
great or small—no matter whether he be a Napo-
leon, or any man in any Congressional district in
the country—when he wishes to take possession
of the liberties of the people-—when he wishes to
carry out his plans in opposition to the interests of
the people—he seizes first upon the press.' He
monopolizes the whole of the public press. That
is the first thing he does. That was the first thing
done by Louis Napoleon, when he usurped the
control of the liberties of the people of France.
We ought to be jealous of a union of the press and
the Government. This system is now growing
up. The printers who are pensioned upon the
Governmentnow number more than one thousand.
It is growing to be a dangerous power; and the
time will come when, if it be not arrested, it will
be a fearful power to be wielded by any Adminis-
tration. I do not intend that these remarks shall
have a party application. They are as applicable
to one party as the other. They are as applicable
to the Whig party as the Democratic party; and
they are as applicable to the Democratic party as
the Whig party. All parties are liable to abuse
power—all Governments are liable to abuse such
a power. It is for the people to watch their Go\ •
eminent. It is for thepeople to watch those who at-
tempt to control the press and to promote central-
ism, and to check them in time against the exercise
of any undue power in the premises.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. As a member
of the Judiciary Committee, I had the honor to
report the bill now under consideration, back to
the House, with a recommendation that it do riot
pass. I should, at that time, have moved that the
bill lay upon the table, but for the fact that the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] was not then in
his.scat. I knew he desired to be heard upon the
subject, and I desired to extend to him the oppor-
tunity of doing so. 1 shall, however, before 1
take my seat, make that motion.
I wish briefly to submit to the House a few facts
in relation to this proposition. The first one that
addressed itself to my mmd, was the great differ-
ence in the cost of publishing the laws of the Uni-
1 ted States. Under the present system, the Secre-
! tary of State selects two newspapeis in each State
I; in the Union for the publication of such lows,
i Under this bill, he would be required to select two
;! newspapers in each Congressional district in the
;i Union. I find the expense, at present,to beahout
tl £12,200 per annum for publishing the laws of the
