1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
Senator from Michigan supposes, connected with
that Administration, I have a sufficient knowledge
of the earnest efforts which were made by succes-
sive Administrations to obtain the cession of those
Indian lands, and especially to fulfill the compact
which had been entered into between the United
States and Georgia for the removal of that portion
of the Indians who were within the limits of that
State, and subsequently of those within the limits
of Alabama, to know that it was, in all human
probability, beyond the power of the Government
by any efforts they could make, less than that of
physical force, to have accomplished the removal,
and, therefore, that nothing1 in the claim which is
now presented involves any charge against the Ad-
ministration by whom the treaty was negotiated,
or who directed the affairs which necessarily re-
sulted from it.
Mr. President, I omit from my consideration
of this question, another thing-, which might of
itself afford a safe foundation on which to rest
this claim. I mean the spirit of that constitu-
tional provision which requires the Government of
the United States to secure the people of each
State from domestic violence. Most emphatically
this was a case of domestic violence—neither more
nor less. In my judgment, it is an absurdity to
speak of it as a public waw, when it was not carried
on under the authority of the tribe—when the ma-
jority of that tribe was associated with the troops
of the United States in the effort to repress it. I
say, it unquestionably assumed the character of
domestic violence—neither more nor less—from
the consequences of which the United States were
bound to protect the peaceable inhabitants of those
States who were injured by it. I know the an-
swer to this, for it has been already given by the
Senator from Michigan. Pie has told us of the
opposition of Governor Gayle, of Alabama, to
the introduction of the troops of the United States
within the limits of that State; but the Senator is
aware of the truth of the statement afforded in
the answer given by the Senator from Alabama,
that in so doing Governor Gayle did not follow
the wishes of the great majority of the people of
the State, and that repeated representations were
made to this Government, as will appear by refer-
ence to the Executive documents, of the alarming
condition of that country—of the pressing wants
of the Indians, commencing in the fall of 1834,
and amounting to almost absolute starvation in the
year 1835. All these facts were made known to
this Government, not merely by the representation
of the official personages of Geoigia and Ala-
bama, but by the report of their own agent, sent
out for the purpose of ascertaining the facts.
Still, sir, this consideration may be dismissed
from this discussion, upon the same ground which
has excluded all the others, and which I desire
now very briefly to present to the consideration of
the Senate. Sir, this is no longer an open ques-
tion. If we redeem the pledge which has been
given by our predecessors, if we do not violate the
engagements into which they have entered, this
question has been decided for us. The claim of
these people, unless its amount shall be called in
question, is no longer open. The principle which
binds us for its payment has been recognized by the
Executive and Legislative Departments, both of
whom have taken steps to carry into effect the
pledge which they gave by the act of 1837, that
claims of this description should be paid by the
Government of the United States.
Mr. President, I ask the attention of the Senate
for a moment, to the consideration of the facts as
they existed undertheoperadon of the treaty, of the
subsequent legislation of Congress, and the action
of the commissioners who were appointed under
the authority of that legislation. The treaty of
1832 had divested the Creeks of all their territory.
The great body of it had been ceded to the United
States, and certain reservations were made which
they had permission to sell, under the approval of
the President of the United States; and these sales
were effected in 1834. I am inviting the attention
of the Senate to the consideration of ihe circum-
stances of this case, as thev existed under the op-
eration of the treaty of 1832, as the foundation of
the subsequent legislation of Congress with regard
to these claims.
By the treaty of 183*2, the Indians were stripped
of their tribal character, they were divested of
their territory, and were left as unassociated in-
dividuals within the limits of the State of Ala-
bama. The great body of their lands were ceded
to the United States; and Government proceded
as early as 1834, to survey and expose them to
public sale. The occupants of these lands did not,
as the honorable Senator from Michigan supposes,
rush upon them immediately after the execution
of the treaty; but they were the legitimate pro-
prietors of those which they occupied by purchase
from the United States.
The Indians, on whose behalf reservations were
made, were permitted to sell them with the appro-
bation of the President of the United States, and
they were mostly sold in the year 1834; at the
termination of that year, then, what was the con-
dition, or state of affairs? Here was a body of
peaceable citizens occupying these lands, of which
they had become the proprietors by purchase from
the United States. The Indians had lost all claims
to territory within the State of Alabama; first, by
their cession to the Government, and secondly, by
the sale of their reservations. There were up-
wards of twenty thousand savages, unassociated
by any bond which could control their individual
conduct, who were left within the limits of the
State of Alabama, stimulated by the love of rapine
which is incident to the savage character, and im-
pelled by the cravings of hunger, resulting from
their destitute condition. Having sold their lands
in 1834, at the end of that year they had no pro-
visions on which to subsist. This landless, home-
less horde of starving savages were m the midst
of the peaceable population of Alabama, subjected
to the temptations necessarily resulting from their
lawless habits and pressingnecessities. Now, the
proposition is, that in a state of things so unprece-
dented, under a Government professing to afford
protection to its citizens, if no rule of public law
had provided for such an exigency, the circum-
stances of such a case would have established a
rule for themselves. It cannot be that, under a
Government like this—the peaceable occupants of
lands purchased from the United States, quietly
pursuing their agricultural occupations under the
protection of the laws of the United States—it can-
not be that such a body of people can be beyond
the pale of the protection of the Government, or
that they are liable to the predatory and murder-
ous incursions of a savage tribe, who, by the
policy of that Government, whether it was wise
or unwise, were left in their midst.
Mr. President, this was the view which was
taken of this subject by the Administration in
1836-'7. I believe that the Senator from Michigan
had probably left the country on a foreign mission
before the event to which I refer occurred—I mean
in the years 1836— '7. President Jackson took the
view which I have presented. He thought that
people in the condition of these claimants were
entitled to the protection of the Government; and
in the fulfillment of his constitutional duty to give
information to Congress of the state of the Union,
and to recommend to them such measures as he
deemed proper and expedient, he submitted to
their consideration tiie inquiry, whether an indem-
nity could not be made for these claimants whose
case is now presented before you. In the annual
message of President Jackson in 183G he says:
" On the unexpected breaking out of hostilities in Flor
ida, Alabama, and Georgia, it became necessary, in some
cases, to take the property of individuals for public use.
Provwon should be made by law for indemnifying the
owners; and I  ■ould respectfully suggest whether some
provision should not be made, consistently with the princi-
ples of our Government, for the relief of the sufferer* by
Indian depredation^ or by the operations of our troops."
This, then, is the recommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States in 1836, founded upon
the state of facts which 1 have endeavored thus
imperfectly to present to the notice of the Senate.
Upon this message Congress passed a law appro-
priating the sum of $5,000 for the appointment of
commissioners, whose duty it should be to ascer-
tain the amount of these losses, and to report
them to the President, by whom they were to be
laid before Congiess. These commissioners, act- j
ing under this authority thus conferred upon them, |
examined into these losses, and made a repoi t of,
their amount—confining themselves to the allow- j
ance of the amount of actual loss, and excluding j
all consequential damages, they stated to Con- \
gress the amount which is sought to be obtained |
by the present amendment.
And now, Mr. President, I desire to ask from
the Senate—and J especially desire respectfully to
submit to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass]
—whether, under these circumstances, the Con-
gress of the Unred States is not bound to redeem
the pledge which that act of 1837 gave to these
claimants? The act of 1837 provides for the
appointment of commissioners to ascertain the
amount of these losses, and requires that they
should be reported-by the President to Congress.
Suppose the act had stopped there; would there
not have been a direct and obvious implication that
Congress meant to pay the amount of losses which
should, by these commissioners, be thus ascer-
tained to have existed? if not, why was the com-
mission instituted? Here was a memorial before
Congress; here was a recommendation from the
President of the United States, to Congress, to
consider whether indemnity to these people for
the losses they had sustained should not be pro-
vided. Acting upon this memorial,and in conse-
quence of this recommendation, they passed a law
requiring the ascertainment of the amount of these
losses. And thus the inference is inevitable, that
the faith of the Government, by that mere act, was
pledged to pay any loss which, upon competent
evidence, could be shown to exist. Surely the
Congress of the Unued States did not mean to
trifle with these claimants; they did not mean to
subject them to the inconvenience of attending be-
fore these commissioners, with their witnesses, for
the purpose of ascertaining their losses, and then
to turn round to them and say, " We have ascer-
tained that you have sustained such an amount of
loss, but we do not hold ourselves liable to indem-
nify you for it." Under such circumstances,
how would the Government have met the rebuke
of the claimants, when they said so them, " Why
did you subject us to the useless trouble of ascer-
taining the amount of our claims, if, when ascer-
tained to your satisfaction, and beyond the pos-
sibility of their accuracy being denied, you did
not intend to pay them?"
Mr. President, an examination of the act of
1837 will distinctly prove that this liability of the
Government does not rest upon implication alone.
Acting upon the recommendation of President
Jackson, in March, 1837,Congress passed an ap-
propriation law, the second section of which is in
these words:
" That the sum of $5,000 be and the same hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopriated, to enable the President of the United States,
by suitable agent5;, to inquire what depredations were com-
mitted by the Seminole and Creek Indians on the property
of citizens of Florida, Georgia, and Alabama, immediately
before the commencement of actual hostilities on tlie part
of said respective tribe of Indian*?; what poitmn of the
Creek tribe were engaged in Mich hostilities, and what
depredations have been committed by a remnant of said
tribe suppofoed to be friendly, and a part of whom were
actually employed against the Seminoles, since the removal
of the mam body of thern west of the Mississippi, and that
the Pi evident report the information so acquired to Con-
gress at its next stjssion."
Now, sir, I maintain that, upon the state of
facts existing at the date of this law, its passage,
and the mere act of authorizing the appointment
of commissioners to inquire into these claims and
to report their amount, was a pledge on the part
of the Government of the United States that they
would pay such claims as might fairly be ascer-
tained to bedue. But the law does not stop there.
It proceeds by way of exclusion to specify the
cases in which it will pay:
" Provided. Nothing hereinbefore contained shall be so
construed as to subject the United States to pay-for depre-
dation1' not provided for by the act of April 9th, 1816, and
the acis amendatory thereto, nor by acts regulating the m-
ter<ourse between the Indian tribes and ihe United States."
By limiting the obligation of the Government to
the payment of these two classes of claims, the
Congress of the United States, in this act, express-
ly stipulates that they would pay all claims which
could he brought within the provisions of the act
of 1816, or within the principle of the intercourse
act.
Now, what we have to do is to ascertain the
true character of the pledge given in the act of
1837 on the part of Congress, as it referred to the
intercourse act. The 17th section of that act pro-
vides—
"That if any fndian or Indians belonging to any tribe m
amity with the United Slates shall, within the Indian coun-
try, take or destroy the property of any person lawfully
within such country, oi shall pass fiowi the Indian country
into any State or Territory inhabited by citizens of the
United States"—
(The first part of this provision applying to the
property of citizens of Alabama, and the second
to the citizens of Georgia)—
