224G
fHE CONGRESSIONAL' 6L0BR:
August 18,
Wishes this bill to he; passed, ia order that, it may.
go to the, .Military Gomraittee. of the Bouse of
Representatives, so that. he.may have. an .oppor-
tunity of, explaining it theje before he leaves the
eity. As his services at his.poM are very essential;
as I am told by the Department-, I wish the action,
of the Seriate upon this bill now. .= ' . •
Mr. DA-YI& I.wiil give, way to the: honorable
Senatot if his bill does not give rise to debate.,
Mr.SHIELBS. If it gives nisetavdebate I
will consent to postpone it. • *■ * '
- Mr. DATiSf Very:well-,. I withdraw: mycall.
Mc. SHIELDS. f move to take up forconsid-
eration the bill for the relief of Captain Langdou
C. Easton, Assistant Cluytexmaster, of the United
States Army.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill' was
read a second'time'and considered as m Commit-
tee of th.fr' Whole. It proposesto authorize the'
proper accountings officers !of • the War Depart-
ment to credit Captain Lingdon CV Easton, on
the settlement of his-accounts, with the sum of
t 17,651, the'amount of which he was defrauded
y his late clerk, Gustavujs McHarcourt, while,
stationed at Santa Fe, JSTew Mexico.
' Mr. PRATT. I should like to hear the report,
in this case read.
The report of the Committee on Miliary Af-
fairs was accordingly read; from which it appears;
that in April, 1850, Captain Easton was. assigned
to duty as assistant quarter,faster-at S^nta Fe,
New Mexico, having under hisi direction eleven
posts to supply with funds and stores, in addition
to which he had charge of the clothing depart-
ment of the ninth Military Department, The
duties of assistant quartermaster were such, as to
require the services of a clerk, Captain Easton
employed as clerk, Gustavus McHarcourt, who
had been for several y«ra previously, confiden-
tial clerk in the pay .department of the Army, and
he was recommended by that department as an
able and accomplished clerk, ana one of trust-
worthy and, irreproachable character. For twelve
months before the commencement of his pecula-
tions, McHarcourt discharged his clerical duties-
with honesty and ability, so as to merit the confi-
dence of all who knew, him ; but during the con-
tinuance of Captain Easton in Santa Fe, from
July, 1850, tp July, 1851, at different intervals, h,e
was defrauded of $17,651 by.Gustavus McHar
court, hi? chief clerk. The committee, in the re-
port, go into the history of the 'various abstrac-
tions, showing the means whereby McHarcourt
made the books appear correctly balanced. The
committee conclude with the expression of the
opinion, that where a meritorious public officer is
defrauded without any fault, of his, own, by a
ulerk in whom > from his previous character, there
was every reason to repose unlimited confidence,
it is a case presenting peculiar, claims to favorable
consideration,
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I have no doubt
in the world, of the entire integrity of Captain
Easton, the quartermaster, in this case; but this
bill certainly involves a principle which I think
ought not to be sanctioned by the Senate without
discussion. 1 do not say that 1 shall be opposed
to the bill when I become acquainted with all the
facts, of the case. But, here is a public officer—
a quartermaster; his clerk,his own private agent,
defrauds him of certain sums of money , as shown-
by the report; and the effect of the bill, and the
object of it is, that the Government shall reimburse
the officer for the frauds committed by his chief
clerk.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have promised that if the
bill leads to discussion, I shall not insist upon its
passage now.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make
any motion?
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand that the Sena,
tor from Maryland wishes to discuss the sub
ject.
Mr. PRATT. I am perfectly prepared to vote
upon the bill ijow, but, as at present advised, I
shall vote agninst it.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there is no desire to di
cuss the bill, I hope we shall take a vote.
Mr. HALE. I think the bill ought not to pass
without discussion, and: I therefore hope it will
lie over.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have done: my duty in call
log the attention of the Senate to the matter; and
as "it is to give rise to discussion, I move to post-
pone, the .further consideration of the bill till Fri-.
day nest. . . •
. The motion was.agreed to.
.ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER, I wish to, givenotice that I
shall ask the:Senate to-morro-Wi du.ring the morn-
ing.hour, to take, up, and .considfii; the,.civil, and.
diplomatic, appropriation bill, for. 1 find that the
only chance fur (lie appropriation bills will, he to-
tftke.tbem.up iathatway.^ . „ ,.
• Mr. HALE. I, give.,nation,that,,I, intend:,at I
can get the floor,, to-morrow, during.the morning
hour, to.ask the Senate to take up the homestead,
bill, and let the civil and diplomatic bill take it#:
course. . ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. And I give notice that
to-morrow morning I "shall insist'on proceeding
with the river and harbor bill.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. DAYIS. I renew the call for the order of
the day. ' • - '
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the. orders
is a bill to revive a portion of an act for the. relief
of widows of deceased soldiers.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought the river and harbor
bill was the regular, order, being the unfinished
business.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of the preceding day is the first special order; but
according to the rules of the Senate, the special
orders do not come up until one o'clock.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope, the bill which has
been announced by the Chair as the regular order
will be taken up now. It has, beien on the Calen-
dar for a very long while, and it is a very merito-
rious bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed that the first hour of
the morning was devoted to general business, and
that then the special orders of the day come up.
The PRESIDENT. The special orders do not
come up till one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to postpone the
regular orders in order to take up the bill from
the House of Representatives " making appropri-
ations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers,!' which is the first special order.:
Mr. BORLAND. I am as desirous, as any one,
can be that the river and harbor bill/shall he taken
up and,disposed of; but the small bill-just now an-,
nounced by the Chair as the first regular order, I-
think will not, give rise to much discussion. It-
has been here for a long while, and, I would be
glad to see it disposed of. It is to do justice to a
very meritorious and limited class of widows.
Mr. BELL. Before we take up that bill, per
mit me to say that there are a great many others
who wish to take up particular bills.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to, and
the Senate accordingly resumed, as in Committee
of the Whole, the consideration of the bill from
the House of Representatives " making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers."
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. Daw
son, Hamlin, Borland, Soule, Bright, Pratt,
Atchison, Cass, Butler, Mason, Bell, Hale,
Mallort, Chase, Davis, Dawson, and others,
participated, for which see Appendix. 1
When, at half-past four, p. m.; on motion of
Mr. JAMES, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
wednesbay, August 18, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. hi. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved
THE WHEELING BRIDGE.
The SPEAKER, The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 297, " de-
claring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure,
and for other purposes," upon which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Curtis] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STUART. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the- Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 30, confirming to the State of
Michigan certain salt-spring lands which have re-
mained suspended in market since 1836, in conse-
quence of an error committed by a clerk of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. Its
confeideratiori wiUviH't occupy five minutes. The
bill contains but one section.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, if the time occu-
pied in the. consideration of-the bill.is to be taken,
out of the morning hour.
Mr. STU ART.. I trust .the gentleman will not
insist upon his objection.
Mr.. LETCHER.. I should like very much to
accommodate the gentleman from Michigai), but
should I withdraw my objections now, others will
ask the same favor. I do not like to make an in-
vidious- distiiteti&n between the gentleman from
Michigan and other gentlemen of the House. If
this matter can. be disposed of without an-inter-
ference with the moritag hour., I should not ob-
ject. -i.
Mr. STUART. The bill might have been
passed,in the time occupied by the gentleman and
myself. It has passed the Senate, and been ex-
amined and favorably reported upon by the-Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the House. It simply
corrects an error, in consequence of which these
saline lands have been suspended in market since
I836-
Thft SPEAKER. Objection is made, and fur-
ther discussion is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I would ask
the unanimous consent of the House to allow me
to take up a small matter—a bill for the relief of
Margaret Farrar. I have been endeavoring to get
rile floor for some time past to call'it up. I did
get the floor a few days ago, but was interfered
with in consequence of a personal' explanation of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Durkee,]
and was compelled, under the-circumstances of
the case, not to press it at that time.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. CURTIS concluded the argument which
he commenced yesterday in opposition to the
Wheeling bridges. He apprehended that the prop-
osition involved in this case was simply this:
Should Congress sit as a court' of errors and
appeals over the decision and adjudication of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and consider
matters which, without a doubt, properly be-
longed to that tribunal, and review them in a
manner entirely 'unknown to law ? He contended
that in,this case" they were riot qualified to act as
judges; they Wert tiot impartial, arid'could not be
in the consideration! Of this question. He also ar-
gued that the bridges should be elevated, so as not
t6 be the least obstruction to navigation, declaring
that this was the-only issue. [See Appendix.]
Mr. NEWTON contended that the bridges
were not a nuisaflce, and that the Supreme Court
had no, power over the question. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STUART. I think, sir, this is a very im-
portant subject, but there are numerous other im-
portant matters that have to be disposed of, or
ought to be disposed of, by this Congress, in the
morning hour; and with a view to test the sense
of the House upon this subject, an.d believing that
we are as well advised upon it as w'e shall be by
any further discussion, I move.the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion for a moment? I am "very anxious to
publish my remarks upon this question, and if I
can do So, I have no objection'to the previous
question. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. This can he done, as there is
no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I hope the gen-,
tleman from Michigan will withdraw his demand
for the prtriouH"question for a moment. 1 desire
five or ten minutes' time to give certain reasons
which will influence my vote upon this question.
Mr. STUART. I would do as much as any
man upon this floor in the way of courtesy; but it
is obvious that we all wish to bring this discus-
sion to a close; at least I desire to test the sense
of the House upon this subject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Michigan withdraw his call for
the previous question, to allow me to present an
amendment to the bill ?
Mr. STUART. I cannot do so, for many gen-
tlemen have asked me the same thing.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire merely to get in
an amendment which I shall have no opportunity
of doing if the previous question is seconded.
The previous question was then seconded,-and
the main question ordered to be put.
