1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that j
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] :
stated in his place, that his object in moving the i
adjournment till Wednesday next, was that mem-
bers mights attend the funeral of the late Mrs.
Adams.
Mr. POLK. Is there not a way by which the
Journal may be made to show for what cause the
House adjourned ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The vote is
about to be taken; and as it is very evident that a
majority are in favor of the adjournment, I pro-
pose that, by the unanimous consent, the vote be
taken upon the resolution, so that it may be entered
on the record.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ag-ain in-
quire whether the resolution proposed by the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts, which sets forth the
object for which the adjournment is asked, is ob-
jected to or not?
There was no objection.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask that the resolution be
again read. The House was in a great confusion
when it was first read, and probably there were
many who did not hear it.
It was again read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved? That when this House adjourns, it will adjourn
to meet on Wednesday next, that the members ot the House
may have an opportunity of attending the funeral ot Mrs.
Adams, rehet ot the late John duincy Adams, ex-Piesidcnt
of the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If discussion is stopped,
and the sense of the House be taken on tins reso-
lution, there is no doubt but it will pass.
Mr. STANLY. I move to strike out the word
fi Wednesday," and to insert in its stead, " to-
morrow, at one o'clock." By this adjournment
we will not only show becoming respect to the
memory of the deceased personage, but also be
enabled to proceed with the consideration of the
public business.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust that the
amendment will not meet with the approbation of
the House. If we intend to pay this marked and
unusual respect to the memory of this distin-
guished personage, let us do it in a manner worthy
of the object nnd the occasion. Let us not count
the hours as if grudgingly given. This does not
seem to me to comport very well with the feeling
which should accompany such a manifestation of
our regard for the character and virtues of the
eminent lady for whose memory the distinguished
honor is intended. What is the loss of one day
here for such an object5 I hope, sir, if the House
intend to pay the respect proposed at all, they
will pay such respect as a due regard to them-
selves, as well as the solemnity and dignity of the
occasion, demands, and adjourn over one entire
day.
Air. STANLY. I do not yield to the gentle-
man fiom Georgia in respect for the distinguished
deceased. I propose to gi\eall the respect the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts deemed to be proper,
and at the same time obviate the difficulty which
the resolution may encounter, as some gentlemen
object to the loss of time proposed m the resolu-
tion as it now stand,?. Strict respect will be ex-
tended, and unanimously, if my amendment is
agreed to—just as much as if the House should
adjourn ovei an entire day. To gi\e a whole day
at this period of the session, with the immense
number of private claims and great amount of
public business before us, when we can show the
same respect to the deceased by the shorter pe-
iiod, is a matter that appears to me to he wot thy
of consideration. It is the act of adjournment
that does honor to the memory of the deceased,
and not the duration of the adjournment.
Mr.STANTON. What difference will it make5
Mr. STANLY. We will lose a whole day m
one case.
Mr. STANTON. The session will not be one
day longer on that account.
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the pre\ions (ques-
tion .
The call for thepreviousquestion wan seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then put on the amendment
to strike out "Wednesday" and to insert in its
place {< to-morrow, at one o'clock," and it was
not agreed to—there being on a division, ayes 44, i
noes 93.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion as amended, and it was adopted—there being
on a division, ayes 319, noes 19.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to create additional collection
districts in the Territory of Oregon, and for other
purposes;" which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. 1 move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Which motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Stantok, of Tennessee,) in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business for con-
sideration before the committee, is the special order,
being a bill to encourage agriculture, and for other
purposes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The bill which the chairman reports as
being the one first under consideration is not of
that class which comes up as the special order.
By a resolution of the House, this entire week
was especially set apart for the consideiation of
the territorial business, unless disposed of in a
; shorter period of tune.
The CHAIRMAN. But by a prior resolution
of the House, the chairman will remind the gen-
tleman that the " bill to encourage agriculture and
for other purposes," was made the special order
until disposed of, and is now the first business in
order before the Committee of the Whole. To
reach tiie territorial bills, this will first have to be
got rid of.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to submit
a few remarks, and 1 know of no more fitting op-
poi tunity.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to get the territorial bills before the Com-
mittee?
Mr. KING. I supposed that that business was
the special order for this week, and now before
the Committeee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The CHAIRM AN. The Chair decides thatthe
first business before the committee, in order, is
" the bill to encourage agriculture, and for other
purposes." It is easy for the committee to obviate
the difficulty presented, by either voting down
that bill or reversing the decision of the Chair.
By a priorurder, which appears upon the Journal,
a different bill was made the special oider.
Mr. KING. I move to lay aside that special
order, anil that the committee" proceed tu consider
the tenitorkd hil's.
The question was taken upon the motion to lay
aside the bill to encour.ige agriculture and for other
purposes, and it was agieeil to.
The CHAIRMAN. The first busi ness now
in order is the consideration of House bill No.
134, being " A bill to authorize the Governor of
' New Mexico to call another session of the Legis-
' laUve Assembly, should the same be deemed
' necessorv and expedient."
Air. PLllESTON KING- said: Mr. Chairman,
no more appropriate opportunity will occur for
me to submit some remarks I desire to make than
the present, when the business relating to the Ter-
ritories, whose acquisition originated the measures
respecting which 1 shall speak, is before the Com-
mittee 011 the state of the Union. I allude to the
measures known as the comm-omise measures
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 rise to a question of
order. X regiet it very much, but this week is set
apart for the Territorial business, and I feel that 1
ought to do all J can to press that business for-
! waid. I make the question of order, that thedis-
t cussion of any thing except something m relation
to the bill itself is out of order.
Air. KING. We are m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
is right in his point of order; but the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] has not yet shown
what is to be the drift of his remarks, and it is
impossible for the Chair to decide him out of order.
Mr. K.ING-. My remarks will be general, and
in relation to measures which were adopted in
consequence of the acquisition of these Ten itoues.
I intend to speak upon the measures usually known
as the compromise measures; and upon the point
of order I will say, it has been invariably decided,
whenever a question of order has been raised like
that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] when the House were in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, that any
question relating to the Union, or its affairs, was
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not de-
cided thegentlemanfromNew York [Mr. King] to-
be out of order. The bill now before the House
provides for an extra session of the Legislative
Assembly of New Mexico, and refers especially
to " An act proposing to the State of Texas the
' establishment of her northern and western bound-
'aries; the relinquishment, by said State, of all
' territory claimed by her exterior to said bound-
' aries, and of all her claims upon the United
'States, and to establish a territorial government
' for New Mexico." I think the Chair would be
exceeding its authority, and the practice of the
House on former occasions, to decide remarks
such as the gentleman from New York proposes
to make, to be out of order at this early period.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I request, after the gen-
tleman from New York shall have concluded his
remarks, that the House will permit us to pass
these bills, that we may get towards the end of
them, and then take up some of the other bills,and
discuss these questions as they ought to be. I de-
sire to pass this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question for the
House, and not the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] rise to a question of
order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to have raised a
question of order 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has made
a question of order, which has been overruled.
Does the gentleman from Alabama appeal ?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not.
Mr. KING resumed. On the final adjournment
of the last Congress, those in and out of Congress
who favored or who acquiesced in the passage of
the series of measures relating to slavery, which'
grew out of the late acquisition of territory by the
United States, declared that these questions were
settled; and they then declared their hostility to
tiny further agitation or discussion of them. They
went so far as to denounce agitation as hostile to
the peace and safety of the Union. In the pas-
sage of these acts, the lines of party division had
been disregarded; and, although most of them were
adopted by Congress under the guide of the great
leader of the Whig party—Mr. Clay—and were
all but one of them indebted for their adoption to
the active influence of a Whig Administration,
without which they could never have become laws,
yet they were voted for and voted against by-
members of Congress, without regard to the dis-
tinction of Whig or Democrat. Whatever may
be the opinion of any man, or set of men, for or
against any or all of these measures, or whatever
may be the opinion of the wisdom and patriot-
ism, or the want of both,in which these measures
were conceived and adopted, they stand as laws
upon the statute-book; and whatever the present
opinion of individuals, or the future opinion of the
courts or the country may be of their constitu-
tional validity, enough has transpired to show that
the courts, as they are now constituted, are of
opinion that all these laws are constitutional.
What are the measures which now stand as
enactments upon the statute-book in relation to
slavery in the new Territories? First, in the order
of time, is the law erecting Oregon into a territo-
rial government. In this law, by the act of Con-
gress, slavery and involuntary servitude are ex-
pressly prohibited in that Territory. This law is
the only one of the series which was passed b}r
Congress under a Democratic Administration. It
was approved by President Polk, who sent to
Congress a special message assigning the srounds
upon which he approved and signed it. The pro-
hibition of slavery in the Oregon territorial bill is
important mainly in the assertion and maintenance
