1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
must, upon the principles of strictest equity, grant
their request. I need not dwell upon this point,
in consequence of the proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell] obviating
the difficulties which have, heretofore, been urged.
I know this is a very delicate question, and pro-
poses to withdraw money from the public Treas-
ury, and on which gentlemen, who pause, reflect,
and look about them, and like all bills connected
with the expenditure of public moneys, require
mature consideration. No appropriation should
be made, no authority should be given to draw
money from the public Treasury, unless there is
good ground for so doing, and unless the interest
of the country demand that such appropriation
should be made. The difficulty, then, being ob-
viated by the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] as regards
this second section, it is not necessary for me to
consume time in directing the attention of the
committee to it.
I wish to state that there is certainly a mistake,
under which members of the committee are labor-
ing, as regards the true nature of the labof per-
formed , and the true nature of the claim here urged,
upon the part of the officers of the Government.
And I wish to show the progress made in locating
these warrants during the years of 1847, '48, '49,
'SO, and three quarters of 1851, inclusive; and, at
the same time, to exhibit the amount of cash sales
during the same period. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office shows, as follows:
In 1847 the cash value of warrants located was $289,850
While the cash &ale s amounted to 3,296,404
In 1848 the value of warrants located was 9,861,200
While the cash sales amounted to 2,621,615
In 1849 the value of the warrants located was 4,256,900
While the cash dales amounted to 3,756,890
In 1850 the value of wan ants located was.. ..3,709,600
While the cash salesamounted to 1,818,829
In three quarters of 1851 the value of warrants
located was 1,722,000
The cash sales for the same period was . 1,933,119
Total $-24,256,407
Of this amount $13,839,550 are for the cash value of Mex-
ican warrants located up to the close of the third quarter
of 1851.
Having, myself, been connected with the Land
Office for a number of years, when I speak upon
the subject, in regard to facts connected with it, 1
speak from my own personal knowledge.
There have been issued under the act of 1847—
up to the 1st of November, 1851—80,781 Mexi-
can warrants of this number 06,618 up to that
date.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
two or three additional facts: 1st, Of the whole
number located, 33,502, or more than one half of
the whole number, were located prior to the close
of the third quarter of 1849, and consequently by
the former officers; while less than one half, or
33,116, were located by the present officers. 2d,
About one fourth of the whole were located prior
to the passage of the act of May, 1848, authorizing
a charge of twenty-five cents on forty acre war-
rants, and fifty cents on one hundred and sixty
acre warrants, where they were located by as-
signees.
I might appeal to my Democratic friends, as
did the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,]
and ask them to give their support to this bill, in
favor of their Democratic brethren who are now
out of office.
Again: there have been already issued up to the
1st of November, 1851,54,201 warrants under the
act of 1850; and this number will be increased
during the next year to near 150,000. For the
compensation of officers, who are required to locate
these, no provision is made.
But, Mr. Chairrffiui, m reference to the question
of compensation, I hope I shall be excused if I
detain the committee a little longer, in order to
notice some of the objections against it. My col-
league, who reported the amendment from the se-
lect committee, says:
" We provide for the future claims of officers for locating
these wairant^, that the register and leceiver is to leeeivc
each fifty cents."
That is the fee which they are now entitled to
for locating forty acres of land, at one per cent,
upon the money received by each officer. He
then says:
" I submit .to the House, tliat there is no more trouble in
tile location of one hundred and sixty acres, than tlieie is m
locating; forty acres of land. We, therefore, ought not to
pay any more in the one case than the other."
467
If this is a correct conclusion) then the policy of
the Government, in reference to cash sales, is all
wrong, and has been. And /submit to the House
that there is no more trouble in selling one hundred
and sixty acres of land for cash, than there is in
selling forty acres. Therefore, according to his
argument, you should pay no more in the one
case than the other. But has the principle been
heretofore recognized by the Government? By no
means. Since 1818, the Government has paid for
selling forty acres of land, at $1 25 per acre, fifty
cents; and for selling one hundred and sixty acres,
at the same price, $2. Is not this equitable ?
I must now briefly notice some objections urged
against paying land officers for services already
rendered; but this question has been so fully, for-
cibly, and ably discussed by other gentlemen, that
I do not feel authorized to say much in reference
to it.
The justness of this claim has been,to some ex-
tent, admitted by my colleague m reference to
most of these claimants. He says: "It maybe
possible that in some of the Qffices labor has
been done for which their fees and salary have
not been an adequate compensation." He says
further: " If their case** are meritorious, undoubt-
edly the Congress of the United States will be
disposed to grant relief." Now, if it can be shown
that all these cases are meritorious, I am confident
that my colleague, as a part of the Congress of the
United States, will be ready and willing to vote
now for this relief and in the form proposed. And
in order to secure his vote, I shall undertake to
show that they are all meritorious.
Let me, however, notice, before going further,
the exception of the gentleman to a few of these
claims. He says: " In many of these offices they
are not entitled to" this relief. Why? Because
" they have in many instances received almost the
maximum the law allow them to receive." To
this it is sufficient answer to say, that in all such
cases the amount to be paid out of die Treasury
will of course be trifling.
But now for the meritorious character of these
claims: 3twill be remembered that in the com-
mencement of these remarks I gave an exhibit of
the cash sales and the cash value of the warrants
which had been located during the past five years,
amounting to $24,256,407. Now, sir, if the per
cent, on the whole amount had been equally di-
vided among all the officers in the United States,
it would have given to each officer only the
sum of §713; this, added to their salaries, would
have made $1,213 each. But when we deduct
the value of the warrants from the actual cash re-
ceipts, how does the matter then stand? The
value of the warrants was $12,839,550, leaving
the cash receipts $] 1,416,857. The percent, on
this amount, equally divided, would be $335; add to
this, their salary, and it gives to each §835. But
when we come to look at the actual receipts at
the different offices the true state of the case pre-
sents itself without disguise.
I shall not trouble the committee with an ex-
hibit of the actual receipts at the different offices
for the past five years, but will select 1850 as an
average year, the cash receipts being $1,818,829.
There are sixty-eight offices m the United States,
and the highest commission received at any office
was $1,235: the next was $561; while at eight
offices they received less than $500; at twelve,
$400; at thirteen, $300; at six, $200; and at
eighteen, $100—so that the receipts for that year
range from $561 down to $20, exclusive of then-
salary. With this sum they must support them-
selves, pay their office-rent, and clerk-hire. Will
we compel them to do it, and require them at the
same time to locate these warrants for nothing?
I did not know that it had entered into the poli-
cy of this Government, in fixing the compensa-
tion of its officers, to enter into an examination
for the purpose of ascertaining what it would cost
a man to live. The question is, Shall the services
rendered receive a proper equivalent? But I know
in the poition of the country where I reside, and
where it is probable living can be had as cheap as
anywhere else, that no man can get exceedingly
rich upon $500 per annum—that no man can get
very rich upon $800—that no man can get ex-
tremely wealthy who receives annually $1,000,
out of'which he is compelled to support himself
and family. The registers and receivers are com-
pelled to furnish their own clerk-hire, to supply
their fuel, and to pay for their office-rent out of
the salary they receive. If the Government would
meet these contingent expenses, the nature of the
case would be changed. It is a matter of impos-
sibility, supposing all their office expenses were
defrayed, and their family supplied with bread
and meat gratuitously, for them to become rich
receiving $500 a year! It is perfectly idle to talk
about the vast amount of money these men receive
for the services rendered by them from the Gov-
ernment. The day has passed by at most of the
places where these offices are located when more
than a liberal compensation can be obtained. The
lands are being rapidly exhausted in many of the
States, and soon these offices will be abolished.
1 differ with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Campbell,] however, in regard to the amount
it will take to liquidate these claims out of the
Treasury of the United States. I cannot, by any
examination I have made, and I have made the
most critical examination of the reports from 1847
to the third quarter of 1851—supposing all these
warrants were located without receiving anything
--make the amount as large as that stated by my
friend.
Mr. CAMPBELL, If the gentleman will per-
mit me just one word. I made this calculation,
intending it should cover all the expenses, all the
compensation, and put it at the very highest figure.
I stated that it might not be positively correct; but
I knew it was large enough to cover the entire
sum that would be required to be paid out of the
Treasury as compensation for these services.
Mr. BRENTON. I am aware the gentleman
lias placed it. at the highest possible amount; but I
did not allude to his statement for the purpose of
having a controversy upon that question with him
or any other gentleman. If he will take the amount
of public lands disposed of from the time these
warrants were issued up to the presenfotime, fixing
their cash value at the minimum price, he can as-
certain, to the fraction of a cent, the precise value
of all these lands; and then it can be ascertained
precisely what amount should be paid to these
land officers for the labor they have performed.
There is no question more susceptible of demon-
stration. It is as plain as figures can make it, and
each individual, by examining, can be sa'isfied as
to this point.
Mr. DUNHAM. I ask the gentleman whether
he is not aware that for the last year the cash sales
at these land offices have increased in a greater
ratio than the entry of lands by land warrants?
Mr. BRENTON, I believe I stated in my re-
marks before that which would answer the gentle-
man's inquiry. I will say here, that just in
proportion as the Mexican warrants have been
consumed, the cash sales have increased, and,
during the past year, there being but few warrants
to he located, and very few issued under the act
of 1851, the cash sale^ naturally would increase.
Just as these warrants are diminishing, the cash
sales will increase. I am fully aware of this fact,
and have stated it before. These officers are ne-
cessary to the execution of the law of the United
States for the disposition of the public domain;
and I ask, upon what principle of justice can any
man, or this Government, say to them that these
laws shall be faithfully executed, but you shall not
receive anything for your labor and trouble, and
the necessary expense attending the disposition of
the public land ? If the gentlemen who represent
the Southwestern States will take the 'pains to
examine the receipts of their various offices for the
past five years, they will find that many of' their
officers—their own constituents, have received less
than $600 for their services. It has been equally
the case in the West. In my own State, during
the past year, the compensation at no office
reached $1,000. There is, in my mind, an objec-
tion to the form of the third section of the Senate
bill, which objection was suggested by the re-
marks of my colleague, the chairman of t'ie select
committee. It may be, I suppose, so amended
as to meet his views upon the question. I have,
therefore, an amendment which I intend propos-
ing to the third section of this bill, m reference to
the compensation for the past officers. I intend
moving to strike out all previous to the first pro-
viso, and to insert the following provision:
Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is hereby authorized and directed to
investigate and allow the claims of the former and present
registers and revivers, of the several land offices in the
United States, lor their services rendered prior to the pas-
sage of this act, iu locating military bounty land warrants,
