1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
of the constitutional power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories; for the people of
Oregon, like the people of the Territories acquired
from Mexico, were opposed to the introduction of
slavery among them, and desired only, thcit in
gome form its introduction should beprevented by
law. President Polk was personally opposed to
inserting the prohibitory clause against slavery in
the Oregon bill; but no constitutional objection
existing, he deferred to the known public senti-
ment of the country and signed it. All the other
measures have been passed under the present
Whig Administration. One of these is the ad-
mission of California into the Union as a State,
with a constitution containing an express prohibi-
tion of slavery. With the application of Califor-
nia for admission as a State, their constitution,
containing the provision against slavery, was sub-
mitted to Congress, was approved as consistent
with the Constitution of the United States, and
California was admitted a free State into the
Union by act of Congress. Another measure is
the organization of separate territorial govern-
ments for the two Territories of New Mexico and
Utah,
The people of New Mexico were known to be
opposed to the introduction of slavery among
them, by their own express declaration, in a con-
stitution which they formed with a view to their
admission into the Union as a State.
The people of Utah, who are chiefly, if not en-
tirely, Mormons, whose difficulties with the peo-
ple of the States in which they attempted to settle
induced them to emigrate to the place they now
inhabit, have not, that I am aware, ever distinctly
expressed their opinion for or against slavery, un-
less an effort which they made to be included
within the State of California, whose constitution
prohibits slavery, may be regarded as expressive
of their opinions upon this subject. The acts of
Congress creating these two territorial govern-
ments, declare that they may hereafter be admitted
into the Union as States, with or without slavery,
as the people of these Territories may determine,
when they come to be admitted as States; but these
acts do not decide or declare the law in these
Territories, for the time during which they re-
main under territorial governments. When this
measure was before Congress, the friends of sla-
very denied the validity of the Mexican law abol-
ishing slavery; but demanded that this law should
be repealed, and that the Territories be opened to
the introduction of slavery. Those opposed to
the extension of slavery, insisted that the Mexican
law should be affirmed, and that slavery should be
expressly prohibited by act of Congiess.
The friends of the compromise measures, some
of them declaring that the law of God, the climate,
and the law of nature, as well as the law of Mex-
ico, forbid the introduction of slavery into these
Territories; that slavery could not go there, and no
act of Congress was necessary, opposed, and were
strong enough to prevent any express declaration
by Congress, authorizing or prohibiting slavery
in New Mexico or Utah, during the period they
remain under territorial government. The law
relating to slavery, then, m these Territories, is to
be found in their own established law, under the
Mexican Government, which existed previous to,
and at the time of their cession to the United
States. This law had abolished slavery. An-
other of the measures was the act of Congress
6xing, with the assent of Texas, the boundaries
of that State. By this act, Texas, for a consider-
ation of $10,000,000, abandoned all claim to any
part of New Mexico, outside of the boundary
tine agreed upon by the United States and Texas.
By this act, all that part of New Mexico east of
the Rio Grande, and outside of the boundary line
of Texas thus settled, was released from' all claims
of jurisdiction by Texas, her laws, and constitu-
tion, and remained apart of New Mexico. Stand-
ing, of course, like the rest of the territory ceded
by Mexico, it was incorporated with that part of
New Mexico west of the Rio Grande, and forms
a part of the Territory organized under a territo-
rial government as New Mexico. Tiiese are all
the late laws relating to slavery in the Territories;
and, with the laws abolishing the slave trade in the
District of Columbia, and the fugitive slave law,
are all the laws which—though not so called at the
time they were passed, because the word compro-
mise was then in bad odor—have since come to be
known as the compromise measures. These, or
any other laws which should be found to be incon-
sistent with the Constitution of the United States,
are null and void. Any or ail of them which are
consistent with the Constitution, are valid as the
law of the land, until they shall be modified or re-
pealed by the appropriate constitutional authority.
Congress possesses the perfect constitutional power
to modify or repeal any one or all of them, except
that in relation to the boundary line of States;
the admission of States into the Union; the stip-
ulations of treaties or compacts, where more than
one party is interested, or where political or pe-
cuniary rights have been once defined and vested:
Congress, or the law-making power of one party
alone, cannot change them.
It is now not quite two years since the last of
these laws was passed, and the cry then raised
against further agitation has ceased; and some of
those who were most forward in raising the cry
against agitation are now proposing to submit
these compromise measures, and especially the
fugitive slave law, to discussion and agitation for
a popular verdict in a presidential election, to de-
termine whether they are settled or not. What
has produced this change?
In December last, when Congress assembled,
and the Representatives had come fresh from,
and imbued with the public sentiment in their re-
spective districts, it was found that the panic-
makers, who desire to save the Union as often
as once in six months, and to get their pay for it
as often as once a quarter, had got together and
decided that the Congressional caucuses of both
political parties must pass resolutions acquiescing
in the compromise measures; this must be done,
or the Union was in danger. Well, the Demo-
cratic caucus met, and the first thing after it was
organized, the compromise resolution was pro-
posed. It was not well received by the majority
of the caucus, and it was then proposed to refer
the resolution to the Baltimore Convention; but
the resolution,and the pioposition to refer it to the
Baltimore Convention, were both laid on the table,
and the Democratic caucus nominated its candi-
dates and elected them. In the Whig caucus, the
compromise resolution was adopted; but they
made no nominations, and came into the House
on Monday, as all recollect, with a sad exhibition
of their paityand their compromise resolution.
From what quarter does the advice come to the
Democratic party to change its platform, and make
these compromise laws a part of the Democratic
creed, and a party test? Chiefly from the Whigs
of Georgia and Mississippi, and such of the Dem-
ocrats of these two States as united with the
Whigs in the last election, aided by a few Whigs
and Democrats all over the Union, who do not
seem to be well satisfied with their position, and
desire in some way to be indorsed. In my judg-
ment, these gentlemen are not safe advisers for the
Democratic party.
In Georgia and Mississippi, these new combi-
nations and new tests have sent two Whig United
States Senators into the Senate.
But are the States of Georgia and Mississippi
prepared to declare their acquiescence in the Wil-
mot proviso in the act of Congress organizing the
Territory of Oregon, and in the prohibition of
slavery in the constitution of California, and to
express themselves satisfied with the present con-
dition of the Territories acquired from Mexico,
and the abolition of the slave trade in the District
of Columbia? If so, let there be no equivocation
in the proposition they present to indorse or ac-
quiesce in the compromise measures. If there is
to be a finality and end to efforts for the extension
of slavery, it will do much to reconcile the country
to almost any form of words expressing acqui-
escence in measures having such a conclusion.
But the fugitive slave law seems with these gen-
tlemen to be the beginning and end of the compro-
mise. This law is odious, and for this very rea-
son it would seem the coalition politicians of
Georgia and Mississippi, demand that this law
shall be the issue in the next presidential election
■—they have pushed this issue upon the Wing
Congressional caucuses and broken that party
into fragments. They demand that the Demo-
cratic party shall make the same issue. It is
openly insisted that the old party divisions are
unsatisfactoiy, and that the country must be di-
vided again upon a slavery issue. The Democratic
party can make the issue, and it is for the Dem-
ocratic National Convention, at Baltimore, to de-
termine, if the proposition shall be presented,
whether they will make it, or adhere to the estab-
lished Democratic platform.
In 1348 the Democratic Convention at Baltimore
refused to change its platform; but an outside sla-
very issue was made by the Nicholson letter, and
the Democratic party was divided and defeated.
The compromise measures were not passed as a
party measure. They are not an issue between
the two parties organized as Democrats and
"Whigs. But few of either party supported them
all. If a part of them are particularly presented,
controversy will be revived. If the fugithe slave
law alone shall be presented, and it is to be deci-
ded whether that lawshallbecontinued, modified,
or repealed, I shall vote to modify it, or to repeal
it. And if the electors of New York are chal-
lenged by the issue presented to them to decide at
the election whether they are satisfied with or ap-
prove that law, in my opinion, they will reject the
candidate for President who is presented to them
because he makes the fugitive slave law the plat-
form of his party politics, as I have no doubt
Georgia and Mississippi would reject the candi-
date who should be presented to them because he
was opposed to that law. An issue upon the sub-
ject of slavery is and must be, in the present con-
dition of the different States of the Union, a sec-
tional issue. The effort of political partisans to
make it out that either party is more friendly to
slavery than the other has a tendency to make
parties sectional. The Democratic party, regard-
ing: slavery as it exists in the States a subject of
State and not National jurisdiction, has always
heretofore refused to make a national slavery
issue. The Democratic members of the present
Congress assembled in caucus at the commence-
ment of the present session, refused to make such
an issue, and I believe that the Democratic Na-
tional Convention, which is soon toassemble, wil!
refuse to change its position in this respect by
making a slavery issue for the presidential elec-
tion. But should such an issue be deliberately
made by the national nominating convention, and
the electors of the Union be invited and challenged
to indicate their opinions of slavery by their votes
for President, I have no doubt the verdict at the
election would truly express the sentiments of the
country upon this, as well as upon any other
question presented at an election for a popular
vcrdict to pronounce upon.
Mr. CULLOM. I regret that I feel constrained
upon this occasion, from a sense of duty to the
Whig party no less than to myself, maintaining
the attitude which I do and have done from early
hfe in that party, and maintaining as I do certain
relations towards certain movements of that party,
I regret, I say, that I feel constrained, in order that
my position may beunderstood here and elsewhere,
in relation to the exciting questions to which the
public mind is directed, to depart from what has
been my settled purpose in relation to these ques-
tions. I had not intended, Mr. Chairman—and
my silence upon this floor will attest the sincerity
of this avowal—on taking my seat here as a mem-
ber of this House, to consume the public time—
the time legitimately belonging to the business of
legislation upon the great interests of the Ameri-
can people—in expressing my opinions, or in des-
ignating to my constituents and to the country,
who, in my opinion, would be the suitable candi-
date of the Whig party for the exalted office of
President of this Republic. But, sir, in the prog-
ress of events, proceeding with the legitimate bus-
iness, for which purpose I have been sent hereby
a generous constituency, when the Whig Repre-
sentatives in Congress were called upon, accord-
ing to custom and their recognized province and
duty, to meet in caucus to recommend the time
and place for the meeting of the Whig National
Convention, it so occunea,and Iregiet the occur-
rence, that the part I took in that assemblage has
been the subject of misapprehension, and, seem-
ingly, of misrepresentation here; and, for aught I
know, with many of my constituents, whose in-
telligence and opinions I hold in high esteem, and
by whom it is right and proper that my position
upon all matters of public interest should be cor-
rectly and fully understood.
What, Mr. Chairman, was the legitimate object
of that caucus? Itwas called by the Whig chair-
man for the sole purpose of designating or recom-
mending the time and place for the meeting of the
Whig National Convention. This, and this alone,
