468
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
Issued under the acta of Congress approved February 11,
1847. and September 28,1830 j the rates of compensation
to be the rarne as now allowed by law on the sales of pub-
lic lands for cash, at the minimum price, after deducting
the amount they may hare received from prisons who have
located assigned warrants. And the Secretary of the Treas-
nrv is hereby authouzed and directed to, pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
claimants or their legal representatives, the amounts so
allowed by the Commissioner of the General Land Office*
Mr. BRENT0N yielded the floor to -
Mr. CARTTER, who moved the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly fhe special order of the House, being Senate
bill 146, entitled 44 An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes/' and that it
had come to no conclusion thereon.5'
On motion by Mr. CARTTER,
The House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BflXf*.
By Mr. St. MARTIN: A bill entitled " An act to estab-
lish^ navy-yard and depGt at Now Orleans, in the State of
Louisiana." I
Also, a lull entitled "An act making an appropriation for j
the removal of the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi river, :
by means of dredge-boats, so as to allow the passage of j
the largest ships." ;
By Mr. ALLEN,of Illinois: A bill for the establishment I
of a national foundty and armoiy on the iite of old Fort j
Massac, in Illinois. , !
Also, a bill to grant the right of way and a donation of j
public lands to aid in the construction of a railroad from j
Shawneetown, Illinois, to a point on the Mississippi rivei, ,
opposite the city ot' St. Loui-*. I
Also, the proceeding of a mass mating of the citizens >
of Marion county, in the State of Illinois, asking Confess 1
to giant to the actual settlers upon the public lands on the I
line ot the Central Railroad in said State the light of pre- ]
emption. i
Uy Mr. CHANDLER: A bill granting public lands to
the Sun bury and Kne Railroad Company of Pennsylvania, I
to aid in tho construction of their woiks, and coimuct the !
lake trade more directly with tho Atlantic. i
PETITION'S, &c. |
The following memorial.1-, petition:-, &.C., were pie^ented j
under the rule, and leferred to the apptopriate committees • |
By Mr. FAULKNER : The petition of Heniy Bedinger, i
of Vjigima, and other heirs of Daniel Betinigor, deceased,
prating for the half pay and land dye to them for the ser- !
vn-es of the <?aid Daniel Bedinger, in the war of the Revolu-
tion. !
Also, the petition of John LiUiejohn, piaying to have
allowed him certain items of Ins account rejected by the
accounting officers of the Government, for work done at j
Haipcr's Kerry. I
T.y Mr. Oil ASTAIN : The petition of sundry citizens of !
county, Gt-orgia, and the accompanying testimony, 1
piaying remuneration for property destroyed by the troops j
of the United States while stationed at New Echota,in said j
comity. I
Bv THOMAS M. HOWE: The memorial ofB. Oraw-
ioid, A. Watson, and .>1 other practical engineers, engaged
e'uril> in lutuuug steamboats on the Ohio and Mississippi j
river4-, ftn the Milijrrt of steam-boiler explosions I
Also, the petiiion of Geoige Weviffcui, Jacob MeColIhter, j
and others, mauulacturcis and journeymen cigar inaker- ot !
the city of Pittsburg, Penn -ylvuuiu, pi.ivmg loi a modiiica- -
ti'in ol the tantfso as to uiiord a iair lennmeration ior their
labor. }
'\l--o, the meinoiial of the Rev. John Douglass and others, 1
of the city ol' PitNburg, pi auii« that postma*tei-*, and all :
othnsin the employment of the Government, may be re- I
liewl from duty on tne Chu^tian Sabbath. i
Also, sundry memorials from citizen* of Alleghany conn- I
iv. Peun^lvanta, representing the advantages ot a speedy
eoM-trnetiou of a canal at tho Falls ot tho rivei Ste. Maiie,
Michjgsin.
1!\ Mj M<'F,ANAfJ V:V : The petition of citizens of Perry
eoun'y, pia\ mg ior a moil mute !rom Miller-town to lekos-
bing, in Potty county, aloie-aul, in' the wav of Donnelly's
■Mill.
Also, the uiemoii.il of the Hon. Fierieuck Watts, Piesi-
dei t,and Robert C. Walkei, Srcietut}, of the I'enn.-jlva-
ma State Agricultmal Society, piaung toi the establish-
ment of an Agricultural Bureau by the General Government.
Also, the petition of R. Porter, John ilenon, Thomas
Rowley, and William Quail, of Pushing, Pennsylvania,
prajius foi additional compensation for their attendance as
witnesses in the United States court at Wa-hi?"r,f,n.
Bv Mr. SCUDDER : The petition or John Jenkins and
others, citizens of Ma-=«aehu-ett«, asking an appropriation
for the preseivution ot Wood V Hole haibor.
By Mr. HENN: The petition of On-cm Hvde, asking
compensation for certain hoises and mules stolen ironi him ;
by tiift Oheveimc Indians, and foi othei property stoi-m bv !
the Pawnee Indians in the tall of the year 3*71. " ;
Al-^o, the proceedings of a meeting ot' the stocklinlders of
the Ivcokuck and Dubuque Railroad North, held atAnaino- i
«sa, on tho 19th day of January, 165-J. i
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the stockholders of 1
the Keokuck and Dubuque Railroad North. hHd at Marion, i
on the 17th clay ot January, I8.v2. ' !
By Mr. BROW N, oi Mississippi: The petition of Sam- !
uel Davis, for himself and others, for the establishment of
uLtiail route from Jackson court-house to Pa<caeoula, in
the State of Mississippi, 5
By Mr. MILLER: The memorial'of sundry citizens of ;
Adair, Shelby,,and Knox counties, Missouri, piaying the ,
establishment df a mail route from Shelbyville to Kirks- j
ville, Missouri. ' ^ i
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition of the heirs of Cap- ;
tain Joshua Frost, for, commutation pay. !
Also*the petition of David Fowler, for pay for injuries
received while in the employmentof the United States.
By Mr. ASHE: The memorial of R. B. Smith and D. N.
Brice, deputy marshals, praying additional compensation
for taking the census. ,
By Mr. BURROWS: The memorial of H. P. Norton
and 290 others, citizens of Monroe county .NewYork,pray-
ing Congress not to renew C. II. McCormick's pateut lor a
leaping machine.
By,Mr. KURTZ: The memorial of a large number of
citizens of Yoik, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to fit out
an expedition of recovery for the supposed iost crews of
the ships Erebus and Terror and for the discovery of Sir
John Franklin, it he, be yet in existence, under such au-
spices and organization as shall be deemed advisable.
By Mr. PIIELPS: The petition of Francis Wohlsehl-
ager, Joseph Schmidt, Carl Miller, and others, citizens of
St. Louis county, Missouri, praying that a portion of the
public domain lying south of the river Des Peres, ami ad-
jacent to Jefferson Bairacks, Missouri, be surveyed and sold
as public land.
AIko, the petition of Win H. Ryssell, surviving partner of
late hrm oi' Brown, Russell & Co., for indemnity lor losses
sustained, and pay for seivices performed, in executing a
contract loi the tionspditation of military supplies to New
Mexico.
Also/the petition of.J. M. Williams, for correction of
location of land warrant and entry of land.
Also, the petition of Jesse R Falkner, for a pension.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The msmonal of the
people of North Louisiana and Northeastern Texas, ask-
ing Congress tooidei a survey of and make a grant of land,
to aid in the construction of a railroad fioin the Mississippi
nver, at a point near Vicksburg, to the Texas line.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 5, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT protem. laid before the Sen- j
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in compii- j
ance with a resolution of the Senate of March 10, '
1851, together with a report of the Third Auditor :
of the Treasury, " showing, as far as practicable, !
' the amount of rations issued under each contract, i
'respectively, made by Robert JB. Carter and j
' Jaiucs Rodday, for the supply of rations to the i
' troops, from the 1st of June, 1812, to the 1st of j
i June, 1815;" which were read and referred to }
the Committee on Military Affairs. •
The PRESIDENTpro tem. laid before the Sen- |
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, com- |
municating the report of the Light-House Board,
appointed under the eighth section of the act of
March 3, 1851; which was read, and ordered to
be referred to the Committee on Commerce and
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating the proceedings of the Board of Commis-
sioners of the Military Asylum, under the act of
March 3,1851, to found a Military Asylum for the
relief and support of invalid and disabled soldiers
of the Army of the United States; which was
read and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Mihtary Affairs and printed.
Mr. 1IAML1N, in connection with the above
report, submitted the following resolution for con-
sideration; which was referred to the Committee
on Pnmitip;:
Keiolred, That three thousand copies; of the repoit sub-
mitted by the Light-House Boaul, and communicated to
tho Senate by the "Societaly of thoTrea-mj, be punted, and
that one thousand of the name be for the use of the said
Light-House Board.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Smith
Minor, administrator of one of the heirs-at-law of
Lieutenant Simon Summers, an officer of the Vir-
ginia line in the Continental Army of the Revolu-
tion, praying commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. GW1N presented four petitions of citizens
of California, praying the establishment of a
Branch Mint at San Francisco, in that State;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin Chapman,
praying the reimbursement of moneys expended
by him for subsistence and transportation to citi-
zens of the United States, emigrants to California;
which was referred to the-Committee on Finance.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Thomas'A.
Napier, praying that a new register may be issued
for the American-built ship Obed Mitchell, under
the name of Kate Napier; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Theodore S. Fay, Secre-
tary of the United States Legation at Berlin, play-
ing compensation for services as Charge d'Affaires;
which was referred to the Committee'on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to submit the
petition of Daniel B. Ellis and others, heirs of
Benjamin Ellis, residing in the State of Connecti-
cut, stating that in the year 1778 .the said Benja-
jamin Ellis loaned to the Government of the United
States, for the purpose of prosecuting the revolu-
tionary war, $1,000 in specie; that they were af-
terwards paid the sum of $1,000 in Continental
money, which was so depreciated that they never
received for it but $1(>8. They pray Congress to
pass an act authorizing the Treasury Department
to pay them the balance. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD also presented a petition of in-
habitants of Buffalo, New York, praying that the
bill giving further remedies to patentees may be-
come a law; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also," three petitions of inhabitants of New
York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, praying
the adoption of measures for the amicable adjust-
ment of international controversies; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial of
the widow of Henry Sevely, Captain of the pri-
vateer " Nonsuch" during the last war with Great
Britain, praying the payment of certain arrear-
ages of pension; which was referred^ to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Borden-
town, New Jersey, praying that the law abolish-
ing flogging in the Navy may not be repealed;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Marion county, Illinois, in
favor of the enactment of a law granting a rea-
sonable preemption to actual settlers along the line
of the Illinois Central Railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of the
Commissioners of the Asylum for the Deaf and
Dumb at Fulton, Missouri, praying a donation of
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial
of John C. Jones, praying to be allowed the full
amount of his claims against Mexico, and not a
pro rata allowance of the amount appropriated to -
satisfy the claims of citizens of the United States
against Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of a com-
; mittee, appointed at a meeting of the people of
| North Louisiana and of Northeastern Texas,
praying the right of way and a grant of land to
the State of Louisiana, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the Mississippi river, in that
State, to the Texas line; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Rob-
ert M. Hamilton, United States Consul at Monte-
video, praying compensation for diplomatic ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of citizens
of the United States, praying for such alteration
of the present tariff as will promote the honest and
practical efforts of the importing merchants, the
best interests of the farmers, of the manfacturing
establishments, and fisheries, and the welfare of
the laboring people of all classes of the United
Spates; which was referred to th£Committee on
Manufactures.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
praying a grant of public land to enable that State
to make a geological survey of that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands
and ordered to be printed.
WORKMEN ON TI-IE CAPITOL.
Mr. CASS. I hold in my hand a petition of
mechanics and laborers lately employed on the ex-
tension of the wings of the Capitol, praying that
they maybe allowed to proceed with the work.
They desire to be employed on the work during
the winter, but to wait for their remuneration until
