1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
was its object. Other gentlemen thought, or acted
as if they thought, it had another and more ex-
tended object and province in connection—to do
what the people have assigned to the convention to
do namely, to prescribe certain rules, in part a
platform for the party m the coming campaign;
and I regret deeply, and I express it here, that I
should have had occasion in that meeting to differ «
with any portion of my Whig brethrea—(I will I
call them brethren, because I have stood side by
side with them for years.) With them I have
fought for the glorious and cherished conservative
principles of our common party—the principles
which involve the weal and perpetuity of the
institutions of our great, and prosperous, and
happy country. I have been with them in victory
and m defeat; but, sir, I have never been called
upon publicly, from a sense of duty, to differ with
any respectable portion of the Whig party until
the occasion alluded to.
I come now, sir, to review the circumstances
which surrounded me and them upon thatoccasion.
I shall stilt hold and regard them as brethren. I
am not here to censure them or to impugn their
motives. I grant them all purity of motive, and
all desire for right; but, sir, I am here to justify
and defend my own motives, and my own action
on that occasion. What wss that action ? I did
not presume, when I took my seat in the caucus
of the Whig party, to arrogate to myself, or to
that caucus, the prerogative of prescribing the
rules that were to govern the representatives select
ed for the express purpose of nominating a candi-
date, and laying down such political principles as
the party chose to be governed by. No, sir, that
is the business of the convention. It was the
business of the caucus to select a place, and to
suggest a time for the meeting of that convention;
this alone was its business, and further than this
it had no authority, either delegated or customary,
to go. In this spirit I took my seat in the caucus,
disposed to discharge the duties imposed unon me.
But when it was proposed by the gentleman from ii
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and again bvmyii
honorable colleague from Tennessee, [Mr. Gt.n- ij
try,] to introduce certain resolutions that were !j
ruled out of order by the Chair, they not being j'
germane to the pending resolution, I deemed it to .
be my duty to sustain the Chair, and I voted con- j
scientiously to that effect upon this strictly parlia- j
mentary question, we being governed in our dehb- :
erations by the rules of the Scnote. But it was j
announced by the meeting, that the proportions
would be entertained as substantive propositions, I
and as such I pledged them my support. I w<'s ;
not in favor of the resolution at that juncture, not i
because I arauot now to-day, and have ever heen, ,
in favor of Jne compromise measures, and of the j
finality of those measures, and of decki nig at a
proper timetii.it finality, bat because I hehe\ed it
would be trenching upon the legitimate duties of
the convention. J believed that that \v: s .1 duty, !
belonging to a convention called by the great body
of the people, for the special purpose of Lying ]
down those rules. I thought th: r, perh.m?, the i
great body of the American people ni'ght not ;
choose to be dictated to by aself-cons*ituted caucus '
of congressional gentlemen, and thai, therefore, it ,
was proper for them to do nothing more than to
recommend a time and ph>^e for holding the national
convention.
When that resolution was announced, 1 stated :
to the meeting that my sense of duty would com-
pel me to sustain, as a parhnmentfiryqiiesuonjthe
position of the Clmir, but that I would vote for the
resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] if it came up, Mid also that I would
vote for the resolution of my colleague, [Mr. Gen-
try,] and I calied upon my Southern friends 10
remain and aid me in obtaining t lie parage of one
of those resolutions; for, although [ did not ap-
prove the introduction of those resolutions, yet
after they had been introduced,! felt willing to
sustain them in a substantive manner.
Mr. POLK. I understand my colleague to he
m favor of the final sty of the compromise, and
that his only reason for not sustaining the resolu-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Gf.ntry,] in the mu-
cus, was, that it was not introduced iK a proper
time and place. Now, I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question.
Mr. CULLOM. The reotleman misunder-
stands me; but he may sL;tp ins question.
Mr. POLK. I desire to a^k the gentleman,
whether in case the Whig National Convention
should refuse 
Mr. CULLOM. Oh ! I wilt come to that sub-
ject directly, sir.
Mr. POLK. I wish to know whether, in case
the Whig Convention should refuse to pass any
resolution declaring the finality of the compro-
mise, you will support their candidate for the
Presidency ?
Mr. CULLOM. Notunless your party dodges
thai subject. I had thought that the compromise
measures which had become the settled law of
the country, the compromise which had been
indorsed by the Whig caucus at the beginning of
the session, and whicn had received the indorse-
ment of a majority of the Representatives of the j
American people m this House but the other day, j
might be considered as settled for the piesent. I
had hoped that that would be satisfactory until
1 the meeting of the National Conventions of tiie two
i parties of the country. But inasmuch as doubts
| were entertained; inasmuch as some friends of the
j South thought it wore a threatening aspect—
| though I confess I have seen nothing to justify
i such an impression—I have seen no demonstra-
| tiori to arouse my feelings as a Southern man,
j though the South is the land of my birth, and
I though my interests, whatever I have, are South-
ern interests, and my attachments ail Southern, I
would guard as carefully as any other man, this
great question, yet, I say, 1 Had seen nothing to
excite my fears upon this subject, or to prompt
me to introduce resolutions into the caucus touch-
ing the subject;—but 1 repeat, that resolutions
having been introduced, I should have supported
them had they been put to vote. But with all due
respect to every member of that caucus—and 1
am bound to believe that they all discharged their
duties according to the best lights before them—
I mn constrained to- say, that 1 think the course of
our receding friends was calculated to arouse sec-
tional feelings. J thought that the withdrawal of
Southern members from the caucus, would tend
to establish a geographical division—a sectional
division m the country—and thus leave the whole
great question of nominating a candidate for Pres-
ident of the United States entirely to our Northern
friends, and therefore I was willing to remain; and
I declared before and after our friends retired from
the caucus, that 1 was ready and willing to dis-
charge the promise J had made to vote for the
resolutions.
I have now before me a statement, prepared by
a member of that caucus, winch nhows thouf our
Southern friends who withdrew had remained, the
compromise resolution would Lave been passed
by a majority of four, taking as a basis, those who
voted tor the compromise, the jacksox lesohuioa
in ibis H'ous", LIit.lyish's, amendme.ir, and those
who declued m the caucus tluiL they W'
to sustain ill-mi. I say tlk.r, r^-endm
s'atement, \\h.:h I am i<.«.-.«ired is cone
fneods had remained in the caucus, the
mwe resolutions would )we been passed
jonfy of four.
Mr. CATSKLL, of Florida. I *isk the gentle-
man to give the names.
Mr. CULLOM. I will send the gentlemnn the
; statement, and he can examine it for himself.
1 Several Mi:mbep.s. Head it! Read it!
j Mr. CULLOM. Nov/, Mr. Chairman, what
; wastueo'qeotof the gentleman who led thismove-
| meat—tins stampede m the Wing caucus' I i'an-
| not say. I will only allude to my honorable fr.end
: from North Carolina, [Mr. Cllvgm\x,] who was
j prominent in the retreating wing of that body, and
I who spoke, as by authority, lor otheis. 1 ask
j that gentleman if he did not evince that he came
I to that caucus to carry out a certain purpose;
; Upon tiie condition of us being carried out, he
I would cooperate with the caucus; but if the pnr-
; pose failed, he would secede2 J say my honorable
j friend from North Carolina was prominent m the
I retreating forces on thut occasion. To what ex-
tent he aided m bringing about that retreat, or
what command he held, I am not prepared to a.ty,
but I want to ask my friend if he md not com* up
there with thedetermination rhat the ociion of that
caucus upon the finality of rhe comn.-omise should
determme whether or not he would farther coop-
erate with the Whig party? Now, sir, when did
my honorable friend from North Carolina become
so wanrJy attached to the compromise me<isuresr
1 re idy
; to lb.-'
f, if oor
com pr< <-
by a m:i-
I find, by reference to the Journal, that he voted
against the major part of those measures.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Does the gentleman ex-
pect me to answer his question? I will do it with
great pleasure.
Mr. CULLOM. Not now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I suppose the gen-
tleman asks questions he does not desire to have
answered.
Mr. CULLOM. I will answer from the Jour-
nal. If I misrepresent the gentleman when I say
that he voted against most of the compromise
measures, I wish to be corrected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say, that I should
like very much to answer, but if he prefers, let
him refer to the Journal, and to my speeches, in
connection with it, and answer from them.
Mr. CULLOM. The honorable gentleman
from North Carolina voted against the compro-
mise resolutions this session. He gave us notice
in the caucus, that unless certain resolutions which
he proposed were repoited, he would not support
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I said that that resolution
did not precisely meet my views. I did not say I
would not vote for it.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman said he would
propose something as a substitute—whether free
tiade or secession resolutions, I did not then know.
Now, suppose thatthehonorablegentleman had re-
mained, and had offered his substitute; if he would
not vote for the resolution of the gentleman from
Kentucky, could he have expected the gentleman
from Kentucky would support his amendment?
What splendid confusion it would have made!
I Why, sir, it would have been "confusion worse
J confounded." If our friends had remained, would
' hehave produced harmony ? The substitute of the
I iremleman might not have met the approbation
t of those who retired, or of those who remained.
' Was he to rule the Whig party, not claiming to
; be a Whig, and not acting with the Whigs?
| Mr. CLINGMAN. i showed it to them, and
: they said they would vote for it.
j Mr. CULLOM. I know nofhing about that.
I Cut what has been the course of my friend from
: North Carolina upon this subject? As a friend of
i the compromise measures, I confess in ail kind-
1 ness—and I allude to the fact because I consider it
; my duty, as a sentinel upon the watchtower, to
i warn the country, to "cry aloud and spare not;"
! and as I live, my duty as a representative, though
j it may be an humble one, shall be faithfully exe-
| cuted, with zeal, candor,and firmness—thatl think
j it has not been a judicious one. The gentleman
I says that the Whig party and the Democratic
| p^rty, having become factions, ought to be merged
! into a third party. My friend wishes, no doubt,
; to pot himself at the head of this Union party,
j whi'm lie says ought to be created out of the ruins
of the Whig and Democratic parties. Now, if he
I intends lo become godfather, or more appropri-
; utely, Captain General of this great third party
1 that he fain would have raised m the country, it
;] becomes me, as a citizen and as a representative, to
review the course of my honorable friend who
assumes the leadership of the movement, and show
where he stands, and see if the guardianship of
this great Union paity should be committed to his
hands, and if Southern men, who are loyal to the
Union, can plight their destiny m such a cause to
such a leader. Whet has been his peculiar posi-
tion in relation to the institutions of the country?
1 find, on referring to the debates upon the com-
promise incisures when they were pending, that
the honorable gentleman, in a speech delivered in
this ilouse and published to the world, states that
he used language which meditated nothing less than
a dissolution of this Union. I will publish extracts
from thnt speech, in which he said wherever he
w^m he W''s met with the senseless cry of "Union '"
"Union!"
Congressional Globe, 1st session 31st Congress,
page 201, '3, and '4, Mr. Clingman says:
i save itiv reasons at length, founded chiefly on my own
ri'C'Pnt ob-eivanou of the state or'public sentiment m the
Noitii. yvo b?j]pvingr that.i collision wa? inevitable, and that
tii0 -rtoiK-r >t came the bettei for all patties -Pave. 201.
k4Taey [Northern men] knew that the evil^ aheady m-
tiieted on to which i have referred, ffreatly exceed in
amount any mjii'v that Groat llritain attempted when she
riiove the Colonies into resistance."—l^seSOS.
" rioeins that there appeared to be a?.ett!ed purpose in the
North t<> pat fittMii to thu wall, many of our people regard-
ing a dissolution of The Union the inevitable result of
