2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
law for the building of every ship. I take it, that
the common appropriation bill—the Navy appro-
priation bill—is the proper bill in which to incor-
porate provisions for the increase of the Navy,
either for repairing or building ships.
Mr. STANTON. This appropriation is for re-
pairs, and this is a proviso which directs in what
manner the sum of money provided in this clause
of the bill shall be appropriated, and in what man-
ner it shall be expended. If anything is to be ob-
tained in this Congress, or any other Congress,
this is the only way in which it can be done.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call the gentleman to
order. This question is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable, but the Chair was anxious to hear
suggestions as well from those in favor as those
opposed'to the point of order. The Chair has no
hesitation in deciding the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. STANTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. Is the appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to make a single
remark, and it is this, that I am sorry gentlemen
have taken upon themselves the responsibility 
Several Members. " 1 object!" " I object!"
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Gentlemen must
rise when they object.
Mr. EDGERTON, (rising in his seat.) I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule bearing upon the
question will be read.
The 81st rule was then read, as follows:
"No appropiiatiou shall be repeated in such general ap-
propriation bill';, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appiopnations for such public works and
objects a« are already in progress, and lor the contingencies
for cairying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. CLINGMAN. Have we any law for
maintaining a Navy ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would refer the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
to the books upon the subject. This amendment
is decided to be out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I propose to modify that
amendment so as to make reference to the act ap-
proved June 30th, 1834, for building a frigate to
be called Paul Jones. That frigate has never been
built. I will add to this amendment the proposi-
tion to carry out the provisions of the act of June
30th, 1834, for building that frigate.
The CHAIEIMAN. That amendment is not
in order. There is an appeal pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] has proposed an amend-
ment to the bill underconsideration, which amend-
ment is decided by the Chair not to be in order,
from which an appeal has been taken. Theques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SACKETT. I ask to have the amend-
ment again read, so that we may understand it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask that the provision of
ihe bill with which it is connected may be read.
Several Members. "I object!" "I object!"
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Asiie
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 49, noes 73; so the decision of the Chair was
not sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
a single word in reference to that amendment, and
that is, to inform the House that it is theproposi-
tion of which I spoke yesterday. I consider it a
proposition of much more importance than the
building of a single vessel.
The CHAIRMAN, Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee as offering
another amendment?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir, I am speaking in
favor of the amendment I offered just now, and
upon which a question of order was raised.
Several Members. We'll pass it!"
Mr. STANTON. Gentlemen around me tell
me that the committee will sustain the amend-
ment, and if that be so, I have nothing more to
say.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is the amendment divis-
ible ?
The CHAIRMAN. In what way does the
gentleman propose to divide it ?
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it not divisible? The
first branch of it provides for the selling of old
vessels, and the second branch provides for the
construction of new ones.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio state what division he proposes?
Mr. SWEETSER. I propose to split it about
the middle, leaving two distinct propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not divisible in that way.
The question was then put upon Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and, on a division of the committee,
the chairman announced—ayes 68, noes 37; no
quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Call the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers were called for be-
fore the demand was made to call the roll.
Mr. JONES. There is no quorum present.
The Chair has so announced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Tennessee that tellers were
called for before his demand to call the roll.
Mr. JONES. Can less than a quorum order
tellers?
Mr. FITCH. There is evidently a quorum
present.
Tellers were then ordered; and Messrs. Skel-
ton and Dean were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 48.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. In order to
complete the amendment just adopted, and to carry
out the recommendation of the Department, I now
move to insert after the word " million," in the
twenty-fifth line, the words " three hundred," so
as to make the clause read—
For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear and tear
of vessels in commiission, including fuel and purchase of
hemp, {§1,365,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to occupy
more than a moment or two. I made the best
opposition I could to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, but the committee have
seen fit to put it m the'bill, and of course they
have a right to put in anything else they please.
This proposition, it does seem to me, comes with
a very singular grace from my friends upon all
sides of this House, who urged upon Congress
and the country that the Collins line of steamers
would supersede the Navy. Gentlemen urged
that if we would grant that large appropriation to
the Collins line, it would, to a great extent, super-
sede and ultimately change the whole character
of the Navy, furnishing it with war steamers that
could render service in time of peace, by carrying
the mails. And now we find that the very men
who aided in giving that exorbitant appropria-
tion to that lme, are proposing to increase the
Navy, when their argument has been effectual
with the House that that line ought to be sus-
tained, because it would be adding so many ves-
sels to the Navy, and therefore would, to a large
extent, ultimately supersede the Navy. Now, if
the House is disposed to go on in this way, let it j
be done. I only want the record to show who is
responsible for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Have not I
a right to speak in favor of my amendment now?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's right to
do so has passed from him.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to amend theamend-
ment by increasing the amount $100,000.
Mr. C. said: I am not apprised of the fact, if it
be a fact, that the ground was taken here by those
who advocated the passage of the Collins line ap-
propriation, that it would dispense with any ap-
propriations for the XN"avy. It is a long time since
there has been any addition of sailing vessels to
our Navy. I believe that, with the exception of
one frigate, there has been none of that class for
nearly thirty years. We cannot suppose that we
can defend a coast like ours with our present naval
force. I am certain that it was never contem-
plated by those who advocated the measure which
the chairman of the Ways and Means has re-
ferred to, that we should dispense with appropri-
ations for the Navy entirely. With the whole con-
tinent of Europe providing additional naval forces,
offensive and defensive, we must provide ourselves
with similar means. We need it, and we shall re-
quire such steamers as the Collins line to convey
our sailors and provide for the defense of our har-
bors. We shall need, and do need, to carry on
our defense in every part of the world, saihngves-
sels and propellers added to our existing Navy ins
considerable numbers. We must not suppose that
we are always to enjoy those halcyon days of
peace, when we can pocket our dollars, and not
provide for our defense against the encroachments
of foreign nations. Though I may not desire so
large an addition to the appropriation as f have
been compelled to move, I certainly think that the
addition provided for by the chairman of the Na-
val Committee will be necessary to carry out the
objects which we have voted as necessary. While
our commerce is exposed on the neighboring seas,
and while difficulties are arising on the Pacific and
on the Atlantic sufficient to excite our apprehen-
sions, if not our fears, it becomes us to be careful
of all these things, to see that we are provided, not
against what is happening now, but against what
may happen. It is the business of Government to
look out for time to come, as well as for existing
emergencies.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
because the amount which I propose to increase
this appropriation to, is that which was estimated
for by the Navy Department, without any refer-
ence to the proposition which has already been
adopted by the committee. You will see that the
proposition to build that new ship is one that is
not to cost anything to the Government beyond
the original estimates of the Navy Department;
and I here beg leave to say* that I believe in no-
single instance has the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs instructed me to introduce an appropriation
higher than that estimated for by the Secretary of
the Navy, and in many instances, they have re-
ported less than that amount. We do not even go
up to the amounts estimated for by the Secretary
of*the Navy, especially for the various navy-yard's.
Now, with reference to what the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] has said, as to the Col-
lins line of steamers, suppose those four steamers
belonged to the Government of the United States
at the present time, as a part of our Navy, what
would our whole Navy amount to in comparison
with the six hundred vessels of Great Britain;
with the three hundred and twenty-eight, or there-
abouts,owned by the Government of France; with
that fleet of nearly two hundred owned by Russia*
or with the more than one hundred owned even
by the Dutch Government? If those four steam-
ers of the Collins line were purchased to-day, and
added to our Navy, I maintain that we would not
then be prepared to go into a war. 3 think the
gentleman from Alabama is altogether mistaken
when he supposes that anybody said, at anytime,
that the adoption of the proposition in aid of the
Collins line would dispense with the use of the
Navy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I struggled to get the floor
just now, in order to state more specifically the
fact 1 alluded to. Any gentleman who heard the
speech of the genileman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter]
in favor of the appropriation to the Collins line,
and who paid attention to it, must remember that
he spoke of the Navy in most disparaging terms,
and spoke of the Collins line as a means of getting
clear of it. He based his whole argument upon
that, and repeated it once or twice in the course of
his speech.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the amount of the naval appropriations has been
reduced just exactly the sum appropriated for the
Collins line ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know. Ihavebefore
me the amount of the reduction, if the gentleman
wants to get at that. But the gentleman is cer-
tainly a long way behind the music, because the
naval bill was reported months before the Collins
amendment was acted upon. We have made no
reduction in the Navy bill with reference to what
was said or done in regard to the Collins line.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman if it
has been reduced just that sum? Perhaps the
Committee of Ways and Means, knowing the
popularity of the Collins line, anticipated its suc-
cess, and reduced the appropriations accordingly.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I know I am out of order.
I am always out of order when I am speaking
common sense. [Laughter.] It must be recol-
