1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
this aggression, looked forward to the consequences of such
a 8tat« of things."—Pa*e 203.
" What would Ik- our condition if separated from the
North? * * * Subjecting; the goods: of th.? North to a
duty with those from other foreign countries, would at onec
give a powerful {stimulus to our own manufactures."—Page
204.
In claiming a fair settlement of the territorial
question, he said:
" I mean, sir, that no restriction ought to be imposed by
Congre*-. on this terutory, but (hat after it has b>:en left <)pt ii
to all classes for a pioper period, the majority may th-m,
when they make a State constitution, d'jtenmno foi them
selves whether they will permit slavery or not. The South
will acquiesce m any leasonable settlement.
" But when we ask foi justice, and to be I"t alone, we arc
met by the senseless and insane cry of '•< Union ! Union
Sir, I am disgusted with it."—Pages 2S-1, 'o.
In the same speech he speaks of stopping- the
wheels of Government, and says:
"And if it is ascertained tint no proper <ettlempnt can he
gotten o, the territorial que>tion, it would b<> in the power
of the Southern members to defeat fill the appropriation
bills, and bring the Government to a dead halt."
Again, he says:
"I tt;il guntlemen if wc cannot, its advance, j;et a fail
settlement of thi-? question, I should br> pleaded to *.eo the
civil and diplomatic bill, the aimy and navy bill, a id all
other appropriations, fail."
Now, after this settlement of the territorial ques-
tion, as he desired it, without restriction, at the
next session, on the 15th February, 1851, (Ap-
pendix to Congressional Globe, 31st Congress, 2d
session,) lie spoke of rejoicing that the people no
longer rested on the Union us the solid rock of
safety.
That, sir, was the position of my honorable
friend then, and yet he is now to be made the
leader and head of this great third or Union party
which is to merge the two great political parties.
My honorable friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Outlaw,] and the honorable and talented and
patriotic gentlemen who cooperated with him, I
know would not push their doctrines to that ex-
treme; but I am faithfully showing the extremes
to which they would certainly be carried should
they follow the lead of the gentleman, [Mr. Cling-
mau.] Misery loves company, and my friend |
appears elated at the position he hn<? attained in j
bringing gentlemen into the meshes of his schemes;1
but they will not go these lengths—they are, 1
hope, true and loyal.
Now, Mr. Chairman, yourself and the country
may see the reasons upon which I miirht have
acted in remaining in the caucus, and why 1 should
not retreat. My cousti action of the Whig freed
will not permit a man to run away from h.s duty.
I preferred to remain and do my duty; if conse-
quences followed which I could not control, f could
not, of course, be made responsible. J am m fhvor j
of the finality of the compromise h"re, and I am ;
for it in the National Whig Convention, and I :
ardently hope to seen then* adopted. I may add, i
that I have said upon the stump, and in public mid j
private conversation, that I am for the finality of!
the compromise, and that I will support no man |
for the Presidency who is not sound upon those j
measures, the fugitive slave law included. ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. As my honorable friend j
from Tennessee has asked me several questions,;
will he now permit me to ask him one?
Mr. CULLOM. I have no time to spare. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not detain the gen- :j
tleman one moment. I desire to know why the
gentleman did not introduce his resolution into the
caucus? If he had introduced his resolution, and ;
it had failed, and the vote had shown that those 1
who retired could have carried it, he might then i
have established his point. The gentleman inti- i
mated his intention to introduce it. Why did he
not do so? d
Mr. CULLOM. I have fully explained my |
reasons, if the gentleman doubted whetherthese '
resolutions could pass before leaving, I mighthavt! ■
my doubts after these members had retired; and ;
being ardent in my support of the principles of :
the resolutions, I did not choose to submit them to !
a doubtful decision, though I was clear in the be- i
lief then, and am confirmed in it now, that the rey- j
olutions would have passed had the receding
friends remained with me and given them their ;
support, as I was ready to do.
Bat the Democratic party have no cause for |
exultation. The Whig party, in cmgres-uo.nl ,
caucus, did, at the commencement, of the se^ion, '
indorse the compromise and its finality, which I
the Democrats refused to do. This places the ;
Whig party on prominentground, and I trust that
the delegates will assemble iu the convention with
a manly—a Roman courage—ai,d fice this'ques-
tion;forii is cowardice that gives Abolitionism
and higher-law-ism a place in the bosom of Amer-
icans. The Constitution, in all its provisions,
and the laws passed under it, must be executed
and carried out if we would maintain inviolate the
liberties and sacred privileges vouchsafed to us by
that Constitution which is the result of the seven,
years' war through which our Washington and
liia compeers stood shoulder to shoulder, regard-
less of the many and trying scenes and vicissitudes
of that most eventful period. Wh'it earthly law,
xVJr. Chairman, can be higher than that derived
from i sie Constitution ? From that source we de-
rive peace, prosperity, happiness,and give counte-
nance and protection to men of all nations, to all
religions, and all crceds. Destroy hat bulwark
of American liberty, and chao.s would come again,
rhen, indeed, would we have higher law and
highei li'-eose, which is, in truth, the proper defi-
nition, ami, and import of higher law. That man
who isagainst theexecution of the plain provisions
of the Constitution, ought not to be dignified with
the name of American citizen, and surely cannot
be called an American statesman. That is what
i say; and i tell our Northern brethren, that in-
stead of catering to this unholy and unjust crusade
against the South and its institutions, you should
rise above sectional feeling, and Americanize—
nationalize your heaits, and meet this issue which
demagogues have obtruded upon you, and frown
down ali attempts to rekindle the fire of discord
between the two great sections of this Union.
Nothing but courage is wanting to overcome tins
evil.
But this Union party is to be formed, and my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] is to
be the first President of the Southern Confederacy,
if we get up a geographical split; for it will tend
to thai; and there will be a contest between the
gentleman from Florida [Mr. Cabell] and the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
[Laughter.J There will be an awful seceding
then: fhere will be a worse scramble for place and
power than there was in the Whig caucus. Mark
it ! JP.ut thy Union party;—I ask, in the name of ]
all thn: is honest, is not the Whig party a part of j
the Union party? Have i been lighting the battle 1
of the Whigs? Have 1 emerged from the mnoke !
and dm of so many glorious (.aides, either at the ;
head or m the lanks, to learn that I have been j
iighun.:; against my country and her institutions ? |
For -'d if, Heaven! 1 hope the Whig and Demo- !
crat)'.* ; arfies oolh ai e Union parties; and, notwith- !
siandmg the excrescences in both parties, both are ;
friend'/ to tins Union. And that man who says
the Whig party is not devoted to this glorious
Union, slanders as gallant a band of patriots as [
the sun ever fell upon, and proclaims m doing so ;
that he is either ignorant of the truth or willfully
at fault. I am not ashamed of the name of Whig;
it is no reproach. Our fathers bore it, and X have
fought many a political battleunder it. I seek no
new alliances. E will neither add on alias to my
name nor forsake rny companions. In my advo-
cacy of Whig principles, I have only the interests
of my country to subserve, and I feel that the
advancement of those principles will best accom-
plish the desired object. 1 am for the Constitution
and its compromises.
How is this third party to be organized ? Upon
sectional grounds, of course. I cannot fully dis-
cuss this subject here. Our gallant candidate in
the last gubernatorial campaign m Tennessee
labored manfully to keep the party on national
ground: and fierce was the wen* airamst secession-
ists and ultras. The doctrines of the opposition
had a strong resemblance to those of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. CllvcmaviJ initio the
struggle the Whigs were victorious, and the ver-
dict oi the people was in favor of the Union and
the Consutiuion, and the futhful execution of the
laws, uod especially d.d they repudiate alt agna-
tion; and while the North observes strictly the
compact, (and candor obliges me to say I believe
it wdl lie obsprved,) 1 do trust that the South will
not unnecessirily agitate the question. Our fire-
fo'incr disunion friends came m for their fid' share
of the mathemas meted out to the Free-Soilers.
They shared equally my denunciations. No ! 1
never denounce anybody but argumentatlvely, for
I am a mild man, [laughter;] but in my honest
judgment the men at the South who arc contend-
ing for the right of the States to secede from this
glorious Union, and who are urging its exercise
upon trivial pretexts, are grossly culpable. Equally
culpable are those at the North who agitate this
subject, and who, for opposite reasons, would de-
stroy the fabric of our liberties. Thus extremes
are often found among those who cooperate in
some respects. A proper view, and a conciliatory
spirit, would bring about a different state of things;
but conciliation should come from the source
whence the wrong sprung. The true friends of
the Union have ever been right; and based upon
conservatism, their acts will seldom be farwrong.
My voice is against him who is against the Union,
and against the perpetuity of the institutions of his
country, come he from the North or from the
South. U cannot be doubted that the extremes—
the Free-Soilers and the Secessionists—are, to
some considerable extent united against the com-
promise; but in the end they will accomplish noth-
ing beyond their own defeat. " Truth is mighty,
and will prevail." America is God's own chosen
country, and he will not permit the throne of lib-
erty io crumble beneath the blows of thewicked or
the misguided.
Mr. Chairman, T have been called a Scott man;
and why ? Simply because I have, everywhere,
deprecated all denunciation of the leading men of
the party. I am not, Mr. Chairman, of that class
of gentlemen—politicians—who
" Construe the times to their own necessities'''—
who believe, or act as though they believe, that
some men in their own party must be defamed and
cast aside, simply because they stand, by virtue
of their worth and prominence, in the way of
others, who are, perchance, but sectional favorites.
1, sir, recognize no such principle. Feelings that
dictate such a principle find ifo lodgmentinmy
breast. I feel it my duty to speak upon this sub-
ject openly, and with a view to lessen the discord
and other evils, that grow out of it.
I have seen men, in different sections of this
Union, conduct their schemes of self-aggrandize-
ment upon this baneful and party-sacrificing prin-
ciple: and other gentlemen in this House have, f
doubt not, witnessed the same thing. I have seen
it brought to bear in elections of the most unim-
portant character, as well as in others of much
importance. I have known good and true men,
warm and abiding friends of this Union and of
our Constitution, slandered and beshmed with the
venom of the vindictive spiiit of the unholy ambi-
tion of rivals. Sir, this unscrupulous ambition,
barked by the reckless adherence of such individ-
uals .is suffer themselves to be carried away, with-
out reflection, by the dazzle of promises, or by a
fair exterior—by a sort of will-o'-the-wisp light—
as the moth is dazzled by the burning candle, has
caused the Whig party many a defeat; arid, if the
course be continued m, it will cause us many
another overthrow. I feel that I hazard nothing
in saying that the exercise of personal or sectional
feeling- such as this, has been, for years, the bane
of the Whig party. It has been a great instru-
ment in the hands of our opponents, and it has
done more to destroy our party union, to defeat
us in our elections, than any other—perhaps more
than ail other causes.
It is quite time, s:r, that this track were aban-
doned. It is time that those who have been duped
come back to the ranks of their party; and it is
time that scheming leaders returned to their duty.
It is time that men professing to love and support
the principles of Washington—the principles that
have made our country what it is, great, mighty,
prosperous, free, and happy—unite in solid phal-
anx, and go forth freed of faction, unshackled,
regardless of petty personalities, giving no heed
to the calls of Januses, and battle for the mainte-
nance ot those principles, and for the party they
neliev^ and declare to be in the right. In union
there is strength, and in strength and action there
is success. The Whig party possesses all the
elements of success, and whenever united it is
triumphant. Its principles are those of liberty
and true republicanism.
1 could not tell who would be the nominee of
the Convention. I could not say whether it
won!! fall upon Scott, Webster, or Fillmore.
Wnh one single reservation, 1 have declared my-
self for the candidate of the Whig Convention.
That reservation was, that the nominee must be
