1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2245
lected that there is some revenue, in the shape of
postage, derived from the Collins line 
Mr. CHANDLER. So satisfied am I of the
correctness of the remarks of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to strike out
4t $300,000," and insert in lieu thereof41 $500."
Mr. S. said; Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to
the original amendment now pending, for reasons
which I will briefly state. It is w-ell known to
this House that £ opposed the appropriation which
recently passed this Congress for the Collins line
of steam-ships. I then understood the argument
in favor of this appropriation to be that the said
steamers could be converted into war steamers of
the first class in a short time, and with little ex-
pense, and if Congress adopted the system of
encouraging that class of steamers, it would ob-
viate the necessity of building new war steamers.
I agree with the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.
Houston] in relation to the argument used on
that occasion. I cannot be mistaken in my under-
standing of the main reason given the House and
the country for that appropriation to the Collins
steamers. The House listened, and the appro-
priation prevailed. But now we find, in the same
Congress which passed that appropriation, the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Stanton] coming forward with a
proposition to build a new steamer, and to increase
the Navy, Sir, I desire to state that the Navy
has already become one of the most expensive
branches of our Government. While we are ex-
pending upon the legislative, and executive, and
judicial branches of the Government, a little rising
of $4,000,000, we are expending upon our Navy,
and have been ever since I have been in Congress,
nearly $10,000,000 per annum, and about the
same amount upon the Army. We now find that,
while we are attempting to change entirely our
naval system, and adopt a new one that shall en-
tirely do away with this large naval armament,
the very advocates of the change come forward
and propose to increase it.
Now, sir, I come from a section of the country
that desires to see the abuses and extravagance of
the Navy reformed, and demand at the hands of
their Representatives prompt action in relation to
the Navy and Army, instead of an increase of the
expenses of these branches of the service. The
■comparison, by way of argument, of our Navy
with the English, French, or Dutch navies, has
no force to my mind. The navies of England
and France are needed for the protection of their
distant colonial possessions. We have no dis-
tant colonies, ana need no increase of our Navy
for any purpose. The Navy needs reform, and
must be curtailed in its expenditures.
If the honorable chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee ofthe House, who proposed theoriginal proposi-
tion, which I propose to amend, in order to state
my views upon the general question, will digest a
system, predicated upon the view which the House
approved in relation to the ocean steamers; if that
plan meets the approbation of the Naval Com-
mittee, and is intended to be urged for the adoption
of the country, as a change of the old system, I
will most cheerfully acquiesce in any well-digested
system that shall, in the main, curtail the ex-
penses of that branch of the service, and secure
efficiency, as was claimed to be the case when the
House listened favorably to the proposed change.
If, however, the House misapprehended the views
of the Naval Committee, and are now to under-
stand the honorable chairman and the advocates
of appropriations to mail steamers, as admitting
the non-adaptation of mail steamers for war pur-
poses, let us retrace our steps as best we may,
and adopt some other method that will produce
favorable results. At all events, it is unwise in
us to continue to make extravagant appropriations
without introducing radical changes in the whole
system, which I have no time to point out.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
desire to delay the action of the committee by
occupying even £ve minutes' time upon it; but I
rise in opposition to the amendment of my col-
league from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] who pro-
poses to reduce the amount of the appropriation
from $300,000 to §500, because these estimates
have been submitted by the Secretary of the Navy,
and have undergone the revision of the Committee
on Naval Affairs in the House. These estimates
and revision, in my judgment, are the best proofs
of the propriety of this appropriation.
But my principal object in obtaining the floor
at this time is, to say a word in opposition to the
intimation of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] in
reference to the Navy itself. He intimated that
gentlemen who voted for the appropriation which
passed this House, in aid of the Collins line of
steamers, were actuated by a desire that those
ships should supersede the Navy. Sir, I was ac-
tuated by no such motive. I voted for the addi-
tional appropriations for the Collins line upon high
national grounds. As a friend of the American
Navy, now, I am one of those who would like to
see great reforms in our "naval establishment. 1
think they are loudly called for. This bill, as I
understand it, appropriates about $6,000,000 for
the Navy of the United States. I understand
the estimates of the Department call for about
$7,000,000; but they were cut down. Now, sir,
if we could have had the business of the House
conducted as it ought to be conducted—if we
could have had our committees called four months
ago—if our intelligent Naval Committee, and
Military Committee, and Commerce Committee,
and other committees of the House, could have
reported, these reforms might have been perfected
and adopted by the House, and that would
have saved the Government millions of expendi-
ture in one year. But the delays incident to the
proceedings in this House, in acting upon the
pressing business before us, under our rules, are
such as to prevent legislation; to prevent reform;
to prevent members from doing what they de-
sire for their constituents; to prevent the chairmen
of committees—of the most intelligent and im-
portant committees in the House—from reporting
at all. Then, how are we to legislate? I should
like to see reforms introduced. During the last
Congress, it was my privilege to make a speech
upon the river and harbor bill, in which 1 took
occasion to refer to the enormous expenditure of
the Government upon this branch of the public
service. I was then charged by some of my per-
sonal friends as being hostile to the Navy. But
1 desire now to say, that 1 am not hostile to that
branch of the public service. 1 wish to proclaim
it that I am in l'avor of reform, that our naval es-
tablishment may be improved. I would adopt a
retired list, and place the superannuated and in-
competent officers of the Navy upon that list, at
half pay, instead of giving them whole pay, as we
do now. There are many captains of the Navy
receiving full pay who are incapable of performing
their duty; and they receive full pay to the preju-
dice of the younger, more efficient, and enterpris-
ing officers of the Navy. These I would pro-
mote. I would modify and increase their rank.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not suppose the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are to correct these
abuses. That belongs to the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] and the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, into whose hands these
matters are committed. It is not a duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly not. It was far
from my intention to cast censure upon the con-
duct of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I think that gentleman deserves com-
mendation for his efforts to reduce the expendi-
tures of the Government in its various Depart-
ments; but I do say that the members of this
House owe it to the country to speak as little as
possible, except to the point, and to improve the
Navy, and reform abuses whenever they can.
Let the various committees of the House report
methods to reform these abuses, every one of
them. Let the House adopt the suggestions of
our intelligent Naval Committee and Military
Committee, and, so far as we can, correct the
abuses now existing in the various branches of
the public service, which exist to such an extent
as to call down the denunciations of the people of
the country, all over the country. They call
loudly, Mr. Chairman, upon you and all of us for
reform. Look at this branch of the public ser-
vice! Heed, sir, the intelligent recommendations
ofthe Secretary of the Navy and your committee.
I speak with no hostility to the Navy. I am proud
of the American Navy. I am proud of its ser-
vices during the last war with Great Britain, and
whenever the country has demanded them; but
the inequalities of rank and pay, the injustice to
meritorious officers, the unnecessary expenditures,
and the great abuses in that Department, require
reform at our hands, and we ought to attempt it,
at least. In the great State which I have the honor
in part to represent, out of sixty captains in the
American Navy, we have not one. We have not
even a purser. We should equalize the appoint-
ments, increase the rank of those who devserve it,
as recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
and, by wise legislation, strengthen our Navy,
and encourage those who perform their duty  
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sweet-
ser's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I propose now to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount $1,000. I
do it for the purpose of saying that I regard the
proposition making this appropriation as a propo-
sition for reform, as one for an essential improve-
ment in the Navy. What is its object5 It is to
build a vessel calculated and intended to defend
important points, important harbors, and the im-
portant commercial points in the country. We
have been in the habit, until the last year, of ex-
pending $1,000,000 annually for fortifications and
for some other like purposes. Now, if this great
reform is carried forward, I doubt not it will re-
sult not only in a reform, but will result in a dim-
inution of the combined expenses of our fortifica-
tions and Navy, because this reform in our naval
system will obviate the necessity for so large an
annual appropriation for fortifications, except at
the great commercial points of the country. It
will produce'a reform which I regard as essential,
as important, and as producing beneficial results
upon the country generally. The particular
amount recommended by the Department to com-
mence thisoperation is comparatively unimportant.
I suppose that amount is recommended, and I
hope it will be adopted by the committee.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of my colleague, [Mr. Sackett.]
Mr. SACjKETT. With the consent of the
committee, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I object, f embrace this oppor-
tunity of saying that I am opposed to this whole
proposition, if for no other reason, because we are
now within less than a fortnight of the close ofthe
session and have no time to consider such propo-
sitions. I suppose the Committee of Ways and
Means have reported enough to keep the Navy
afloat till the 1st of December, when we are to
have another session of Congress, and shall have
new estimates, and will be prepared to make those
appropriations more undei standingly than at this
time. It seems to me it would be better to adopt
the appropriations recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means for the piesent, and make
these new appropriations, if necessary, when we
have new estimates.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York, that these estimates were
made by the Navy Department, and the estimates
at another session of Congress must be made by
the same Department. We will get no more in-
formation about the wants of the Navy then than
now.
Mr. DEAN. I am sorry to see my friend from
Pennsylvania always coming up to the help of
those men who are making these recommendations
for extravagant appropriations. He seems willing
to back the Secretary of the Navy and the Secre-
tary of War in all their profligate expenditures.
I am not. 1 believe our Navy under its present
management, or under the management of the late
Secretary, has been one of the greatest sources of
abuse in the Government. They have expended
annually $10,000,000 for a service which ought to
have been performed for $6,000,000. If gentlemen
will look at the data upon which these calculations
have been founded, and these recommendations
made, they will find that nearly $5,000,000 is ap-
propriated for the salary of officers waiting orders,
and many of them staying at the city of Wash-
ington doing nothing. We cannot reach these
cases and reform this abuse in this bill, but we
may do it hereafter; and I hope this committee will
not spend time upon these various amendments, the
object of which is to increase these appropriations.
