1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IT,
unequivocally sound upon the compromise meas-
ures.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) You say you will
support no man except be be sound upon the
compromise. I ask, it'you do not require a dis-
tinct pledge from the convention, how will you
find it out if there is no pledge ?
Mr. CULLOM. I must ascertain the fact in
some way, beyond all dispute, and unequivo-
cally.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have deprecated this
fraternal strife, and I do not think it very culpable
(in me to stay my hand from inflicting injury upon
my Whig friends, with whom I expect to coop-
erate in the struggle which is to come off. When
I have remonstrated with some gentlemen, and
attempted to keep them from casting fire-brands
into our party ranks, I have been actuated alone
by a desire to see the Whig party and its glorious
principles triumph, and not for the promotion of
any particular man. With the Whig party, the
motto has been " Measures, not men;" and i,sir,
am not disposed to reverse the maxim.
I had, Mr. Chairman, the honor of being upon
the electoral ticket of the distinguished President
who now fills the Executive office with so much
credit to himself, and with so much benefit and
glory to this Republic; and, sir, humble as the
tribute is, I stand here to award to him in my
own right, and in behalf of my constituents, the
fullest meed of praise my tongue can lisp, for
the manner in which he has discharged the ardu-
ous duties of the station to which he has been
elevated by the franchise of the American people.
I say, too, sir, that the people in Tennessee—1
speak particularly of my own constituents, but the
remark will apply to the people of the whole State,
and I speak it 111 their voice—are undivided in their
devotion to Millard Fillmore. There is no respect-
able division of sentiment iir Tennessee upon that
subject. I have always preferred his nomination,
and the fact is well known. I have said, too, that
if lie could not get the nomination, and the Con-
vention should present a man who is sound upon
the compromise, I would support him with equal
ardor, and devote to him,as 1 did to Mr. Fillmore
in the last campaign, whatever of zeal and ability
1 can command.
There is Mr. Webster, sir; I could support him
for the Presidency, and 1 could support lum with
great pleasure. He deserves the thanks, not only
of the American people, but of the world; his
genius and patriotism are transcendent.
But, sir, although X say this much for those
gentlemen, I shall not raise my voice in detraction
of General Winfield Scott. 1 have never done so,
and, God being my witness, i never will. His
rivals would scorn the action,justice would le-
buke it, honor and patriotism would forbid it. He
may or may not be nominated. If he receive the
nomination, he should rcceive, as he deserves, the
support ol the American people. Mr. Chairman,
wlule I have been sleeping upon beds of down he
lias been defending me—he has been marching and
fighting gallantly—not under the black flag allu-
ded to by my honorable colleague, [MiO Wil-
liams,] but under theflag of our own dear country
—the stars and stripes of liberty. Yes, sir, he
has been defending .us and our liberties; he has
been fighting the foes of the country, upon for-
eign and domesticsoil, when the country has been
wrapt in sweet, forgetful sleep; and my tongue
shall never utter a slander or an imputation against
him. His laurels have been deaily earned. A
black flag! indeed. My colleague [Mr. Wil-
liams] did not measure the force and weight of
that declaration. What is a black flag? Why,
a piratical flag. Sir, is it to be said that the gal-
lant soldier, the victorious chieftain of forty-three
years, and of so many glorious battles, has marched
under a piratical flag? Can it be possible that my
honorable friend has a remote conjecture that such >
could ever be the ease? Why, sir, the conjecture
is an imputation, and avows a want ofpatriotism.
But, sir, General Scott, of all living men, per-
haps, l.as shown the strongest evidence that he
loves his country. I will not now stop to enu-
merate his achievements. Gentlemen say that
they know he is sound upon the slavery question,
and the declaration is supported by gentlemen
upon my right, [Mr. Clingman, Mr. Outlaw,
and Mr. Stan'ly;] and the gentleman from Flor-
ida [Mr. Cabell] has himself borne evidence to
his soundness upon this question. The gentle-
man from Connecticut [Governor Cleveland]
comes gallantly to the rescue, a'nd makes General
Scott preeminently responsible for the passage of
the compromise measures while acting as Secre-
tary of War. He actually lent the influence of
his office to carry forward these pacific measures.
Here is an extract from Governor Cleveland's
speech, delivered in the House of Representatives,
3,st April, 1852. Amongst other things be said:
" Jt proposes to indorse Ilie infamous fugitive slave law,
a purely Whig measure, and that il is such J will demon
strate, so that no man upon this floor can deny it."
! Again, he says:
; "But Mr. Clay, as I have shown, had conceived the
■ plan. Mr. YVeboier, torreasons l>e.st known to himself, had
i made his 7th of March speech. Gerieial Taylor died,' and
Mr. Fillmore took command of the ship ol State, discharged
! the old, and shipped a new crew, with Mr. Webster as first
j olTiet-'r; hoisted the compromise iiag, and started on his
Southern eiutse. What motive governed Mr. Fiihnore in
' his entire change of policy of the^Admimstration, whether
it was love of sjaveiy and power,- or hatred of his rival, !
: governor Seward, I am not able to say, and I believe the
i country is equally unenlightened on this subject. General
j Scott was by Mr. Fillmore placed temporarily at the head
j of tile War Department, and, m that position, coupled with
. his great military fame, was able to, and did exert a power-
ful influence in lavor of the compromise measures. Here,
then, is eveiy man whose name lias been mentioned, oris
likely to be mentioned as a candidate for the Presidency
on the Whi« side, to wit: Clay, Webster, Fillmore, Seolt,
all exerting themselves to the" utmost in pushing through
this series of measures, the slave law included. And what
was the position of these distinguished Whigs? One was
at the head of the Government, another in command of the
Army."
Again, in the same speech,be says:
£i But f must pass on ; these measiues were passed mainly
through the influence of Clay, Fillmore, Webster, tfcott,
Cobb, and Foote; tllese were the men who earned them
through, and every mail who was in the last Congress
knows it."
Thus we see that Governor Cleveland makes
witnesses of every member of Congress to the fact
that General Scott was one of the main supporters
of those measures before and at the time they
passed. And while the Free-Soilers in the North
are holding General Scott responsible for the pas-
sage of those measures, with a view to render him
odious, others in the South, with the same view,
are endeavoring to make it appear that he is, and
has been, opposed to them.
■ After all this, sir, gentlemen say that he must
declare that he is sound. They want a guarantee
that he will not array himself under the black flag,
with Mr. Sewakd at the head. [Laughter.] My
stars! how Mr. Seward frightens the American
people! Why, sir, as much was said of Mr. Fill-
; more, but I defended him upon an hundred stumps
' from the charge of abolitionism. It was my lot
upon the electoral ticket to defend him—not from
^ his friends, but against the Democratic press, from
| Maine to Georgia, and against orators as numer-
' ous as the locusts of Egypt.
Now, I understand that Mr. Seward will sup-
port the nominee of the Whig National Conven-
tion; and it is said he is a Fiee-Soiler. I am not
] his defender. Does his unsoundness taint the
I candidate who receives his vote? If so, how ut-
| terly unworthy of trust will be the Democratic
j candidate, who receives the votes, as he will, be
I he whom he may, of Giddings, King, Sumner, |
' Rantoul, and Cleveland. While a mote is dts- j
covered in the eye of the Whigs, remember there |
is a beam in the eye of our Democratic neighbor.
It is said, and the gentleman from Connecticut i
[Mr. Cleveland] proves it, that the compromise j;
measures are not only Whig measures, but that |
General Scott is preeminently responsible for them. !
Why, sir, he takes all the glory away from the !'
Democrats, and says that there was not a promi- j
nent Democrat who supported the measures in i
their inception. I understand my friend [Mr. I
Cleveland] to be a mighty Cass man, though a j;
little ftee-soilish. Mr. Cass never voted for the 'i
fugitive slave bill. I have the Journal and the..
Congressional Globe, proving the fact; and I state !i
j here, that although General Cass was in the Sen- I;
: ate of the United States on the very day that the i,
j bill passed, the very moment it was ordered to be i!
■ engrossed he was missing; nor does the record !'
i show where he went; neither does he or his
j friends explain. Colonel Benton would call this
j riding both sides the sappling. [Laughter.] But
i the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland]
, explains the reasons. And, sir, the distinguished
j Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] Young
America himself, had to dodge the vote upon the
I fugitive slave law.
Hear what Governor Cleveland says in the
speech referred to:
<< Did the distinguished Senator from Illinois vote for this
slave law? No! Why? Because n Democratic Legisla-
ture had instructed him otherwise. Governor ("ASsTotie
of the most distinguished men in the nation, and of his
party, did not record Ins vote in favor of this Federal bant-
ling, nor, in fact, did any Democrat whose position is one
ot'inaik, except those who have since formed a coalition
with Whigs. In view of these facts, who will say that this
fugitive slave law was not of Whig or Federal origin."
Yes, sir, he was ill. My honorable friend [Mr,
Richardson] says he had a bile. [Laughter.] The
Senator himself says he had a bill which fell due
at New York. I think, sir, that that was arc
awful bill. It had no right to fall due just at the
very moment the distinguished Senator was called
upon to vote upon the fugitive slave law. That
was a cruel bill. I know not whether it was a
bill or a bile. [Laughter.] I will be corrected in
this particular by what my friend from Illinois
! [Mr. Richardson] may say, but I hope he and
j the honorable Senator will render the same ex-
! cuse, for there is very little relevancy between a
! bile and a bill. Will the gentleman answer whether
| or not it was a bile that prevented the Senator from
j voting?
| Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman, I trust,
| is a man of too much gallantry to make charges
without giving an opportunity for reply.
Mr. CULLOM. Go on, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Thegentleman can make
what use he pleases of the statement I shall make
in this matter, and he is welcome to all the eclat
he can derive from it.
I did say that Judge Dovglas was sick and un-
able to attend when the vote was taken upon the
fugitive slave bill. I made the statement upon my
own responsibility, relying upon my own mem-
ory. I was mistaken; and to me, and me only,
belongs the odium, if there is any, for all that I
said. The fugitive slave bill passed late in the
session, and I remembered the fact, that Judge
Douglas was confined for several days before the
close of that session to his room by indisposition.
Remembering these facts, 1 did make the state-
ment, and was wrong.
After the statement I made, my attention was
not called to the subject till after Judge Douglas
made his own defense in the Senate, and since no
suitable opportunity has occurred to set myself
right. The gentleman can make now the most of
it. I will add but another word.
Mr. CULLOM. Certainly, go on.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The imputation against
Judge Douglas that he dodged the responsibility of
voting upon the fugitive bill, is made with but bai
grace by gentlemen situated as fhe gentleman is.
A bare statement of what is known to the whole
| country is sufficient. Judge Douglas was the first
, to meet the tide of public sentiment at the North,
j which set 3trongly against this measure and to
vindicate the bill. And while his Chicago speech
I was the first that was made for the bill, no ar<*u-
j ment m thecourts, no essays in the papers, and no
[ defense of the measure made anywhere up to this
| moment, have been as able and as satisfactory.
I The bill passed Congress in September, I believe.
In October following, the Chicago speech was
I made, assuming all the responsibility of an affirm-
; ative vote, and yet the American people are asked
I to believe that Judge Douglas dodged the vote,
; was afraid to vote upon the bill. I will not argue
such a question here or elsewhere. But I ask the
gentleman what Whig aspirant for the Presidency,
or what pioimnent Whig can show that he has
done as much? What Northern man has done
more?
Mr. CULLOM. There were plenty more be-
sides him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Who were they?
Mr. CULLOM. Since the matter has become
popular, I can find* you many who did riot vote
for the fugitive slave bill, but who now defend it
most lustily. There is the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] who said that we were about
to destroy him in the South, and that we had
erected a gallows upon which he was to be exe-
cuted. My honorable friend, I understand, did
not vote for the fugitive slave bill, although here;
yet in the caucus, he made himself the very M-ig-
nus Apollo of the compromise measures. Not only
so, but it is said—and if untruthfully, it should be
corrected—that he not only refused to vote for the
fugitive slave bill, but advised my friend to the
