1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2247
question to the Secretary of the Navy, and directs
him to adopt the best possible invention for the
purpose of accomplishing this object—the furnish-
ing of boilers at sea with fresh water, and pre-
venting the accumulation of scale and the destruc-
tion of boilers, which is consequent upon their
being scaled by the use of salt water. There will
be a saving of an immense amount of fuel by
restoring hot fresh water to the boilers, instead of
salt water at the temperature of the sea. I think
there can be no objection to the proposition, and
I hope it will be adopted:
The„question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. PRICE. I offer the following amendment,
to come in after the onejust adopted:
And that the Secretary of the Navy be, and lie hereby is,
authorized and required to have completed without unne-
cessary delay, the war steamer contracted for with Robert
L. Stevens, in pursuance of an act of Congress passed
April 14th, 1842.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raised a point of
order upon that amendment when it was proposed
before., and was sustained by the Chair.
Mr. PRIC& It was under different circum-
stances. Under the ruling of the Chair it is now
in order as a part of the amendment declared by
the committee to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the Chair :
in regard to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee was not sustained, but he does not un-
derstand this as having any connection with the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and adopted by the committee. The
Chair adheres to his former decision, and decides
this amendment to be out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will suggest
that the building of the vessel to which the gentle-
man refers, was commenced some years ago. It
is a work actually in progress.
Mr. PRICE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, upon the ground that this is only a de-
claratory resolution for carrying out an existing
law of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment proposed by the gentlemanfrom New
Jersey out of order. From that decision an ap-
peal is taken, and the question now is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. POLK. Will the Chair please explain the
grounds upon which he objects to the amendment,
so that the committee may be enabled to vote un-
derstandingly ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order, under the 81st
rule. [Published in a preceding column.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Is this work not in prog-
ress ?
Mr. PRICE. It is.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There ex-
ists a law in regard to this, and the work is in
progress.
The CHAIRMAN. No contract has been ad-
duced showing that this work is in progress. It
is an old work commenced in 1842, and nothing
has been shown of its continuance since.
Mr. STANTON. 1 will state a simple fact to
the committee. This work was authorized by
law, I believe, in 1842, and money was appropri-
ated and paid out upon it until it was stopped by
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In 1842 there was
a joint resolution passed, authorizing the con-
struction of this vessel, and an appropriation of
$250,000 was made for that purpose. That was
ten years ago. Under the general law thatamount
has been, if this law has not been executed, car-
ried to the surplus fund, and there is now really
no appropriation for that object. Unless there is
passed a new law, directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to enter into this contract, the law of
1842 never will be executed—it is obsolete.
Mr. POLK. I acknowledge the premises of
my colleague, provided he will allow the amend-
ment to be read, and see what connection it has
with the law by which the Chair decides it to be
out of order.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. STUART. Do I understand that the Chair
rules the amendment out of order, because it pro-
vides for an appropriation in an appropriation bill
contrary to law ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is equivalent to a new proposition.
Mr. STUART. I say that it is in order.
Mr. POLK. Does the Chair decide that this
House has not the power to make an appropri-
ation to carry out the law passed in 1842?
The CHAIRMAN. The House has the power
to do it.
Mr. POLK. If the House has not, it has not
the power to carry out its own purposes. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROWN, of New Jersey. I think that
the Chair is mistaken in point of fact. Not only
is this joint resolution, that has been referred to,
the existing law, but there is an existing contract
under it. That contract has not been rescinded.
It is obligatory upon the Government; but the
Secretary of the Navy refuses to make payments
under that contract as the work proceeds.
Mr. JENKINS. Why?
Mr. BROWN. Upon reasons in which the
Secretary of the Navy is mistaken in point of
fact. *
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair decides that it is equivalent to a new
proposition, nothing more or less. If there was
any appropriation made in 1842, it has been car-
ried into the Treasury, and is lost sight of, so far
as this measure is concerned.
Mr. PRICE. It has never been carried to any
other fund. It is now standing to the credit of
this work.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is," Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs, Venable and Chastain- were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 59.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following section was then read, viz:
" For continuing the publication of the Wind and Cur-
rent Charts, and for defraying all the expenses connected
therewith, §10,000."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before the
committee proceed to consider another clause, I
offer the following amendment to this section:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized, if
he shall deem it expedient, to send a steamer of light draft
up the Rio de la Plata and its tributaries, to examine and
report as to their navigability, and as to the commercial re-
sources and capacities of the country drained by them:
Provided, Such steamer can be spared from the naval service
without inconvenience or additional cost.
This proposition is not to add anything to the
expense of the Navy, but simply to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to send a vessel, if one can
be spared, and if it will not add anything to the
cost of the service.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order, that
the amendment is not in order. There is no law
in existence which it is intended to execute.
Mr. STANTON. It is only directing the ser-
vice in which the Navy shall be employed.
Mr. ORR. It is a kind of a new exploring ex-
pedition without the authority of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order.
The next section was then read, as follows:
" For the repairs and erection of buildings at the United
States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, $28,000."
Mr. WILDRICK. I oiFer the following amend-
ment:
To complete quarters for the students and professors at
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, the sum of $75,000.
I ask that the following letters from the De-
partment be read:
Navy Department, July 30,1852.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a
letter from the Chief of the Bureau ot Ordnance and Hydrog-
raphy of this Department, asking that the sum of $75,OUO
may be added to the appropriation already reported by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives, which sum was stiicken out of
the deficiency bill.
This sum of .§75,000 is the balance of the estimate made
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1852, and is required to
complete the quai ters for the students and professors at the
Naval Academy in Annapolis, which have been comracnced
but must remain in an incomplete condition, hazarding
the health and comfort of the inmates of that institution,
unless the means are provided to complete them. I there-
fore urgently request that there may be added to the appro-
priation act for the naval service, for the year ending June
3D, 1853, the sum of $75,000 " for the repair and erection
of buildings at the United States Naval Academy at Annap-
olis." thereby substituting $103,OOU, instead of $28,OUO, for
that purpose.
I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient
servant, JOHN JP. KENNEDY.
Hon. P. P. Stanton,
Chairman Committee Naval Jlffairs,
House of Representatives,
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography, )
July 30, 1852. S
Sir: The estimates which were presented to Congress
"for the repair and erection of building# at the United
| States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maiyland," for the fis-
I cal year ending June 30, 1852, amounted to the sum of
| ."$127,500; to which a note was appended, that ot' that sum,
| {§75,000 would, in all probability, be expended in the fiscal
[ year. Congress only appropriated $52,500 of the sum
1 asked.
When the estimates of 1852-'53 were prepared, the sum
of ,<$75,000, which was required to complete the original
estimate, was, by direction of the Secretary of the Navy,
presented as a "deficiency." The Committee of Ways and
Means did not so consider it, and it was not included in the
bill.
An appropriation to that amount, in addition to the sums
embraced in the estimates for the present year, will be in-
dispensable to erect the buildings necessary tor the proper
accommodation and instruction of the number of midship-
men which, by the ousting arrangements, will be soon col-
lected, and afterwards be generally attached to the Acade-
my to receive instruction.
I therefore respectfully suggest the expediency of calling
the attention of the Naval Committees to the propriety of
] asking for it, at the proper time, as an amendment to the
| naval appropriation bill, as it has been reported.
i With much respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,
]' C. MORRIS, Chief of Bureau.
j Hon. Secretary of the Navy.
[ Mr. BOWIE. I move to increase the appropri-
j ation §1,000. In the estimates for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1852, the cost of improvements
j at Annapolis for the necessary accommodations
of the midshipmen, professors, and instructors,
was estimated at $127,500. Accompanying which
was a not®, stating that $75,000 would be proba-
bly expended that year. Congress appropriated
only $52,000, leaving a balance of $75,000 yet to
be appropriated for the completion of works then
contemplated. When the estimates for the fiscal
year ending June, 1853, were prepared, this sum
of $75,000 was presented to the Committee of
Ways and Means, as a deficit; but that com-
mittee not regarding it as such, excluded it from
the bill now under consideration. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have made no appro-
priation for this deficit. We are informed by
the proper Department, that this sum is abso-
lutely essential to complete the structures already-
commenced, and to protect the health of those
who are engaged in the naval school. It may not
, be generally known that there will be one hun-
i dred and forty midshipmen constantly instructed
' at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, and there
are now one hundred and seventy-five persons in
the employment of the United States, engaged in
the Naval Academy. The whole routine of study
has been changed. It requires four years to com-
plete the naval education of the midshipmen.
They are engaged annually in experimental cruis-
ing for three months. The Government are de-
termined to make this branch of the service equal
in science and efficiency to the other great arm of
national defense, i make these explanations that
the House may know the object for which the ap-
propriation is made, and that it is recommended
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. This sum of $75,000 was
estimated for as a deficiency, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] and sub-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
! The committee very properly decided that it was
no deficiency, for theDepartment had recommended
the $75,000 merely because Congress struck it out
at the last session. It was recommended at the
second session of the last Congress, and the com-
mittee saw lit to strike it out. They reduced the
estimates $75,000 then. Simply because it was
stricken out by Congress, and not because there
was not money enough to go on with the work the
last fiscal year, the head of that bureau recom-
mended it as a deficiency. The Committee of
Ways and Means very properly decided that it
was no deficiency, and that it ought to go in the
regular bill of estimates. The head of the bureau
saw fit not to present it any further to that com-
mittee. As far as I am concerned, I have no ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. With the consent of the com-
mittee I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I am
