1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
right [Mr. Briggs] to change the vote he had cast
in its favor. Notwithstanding that, sir, he has be-
come tne great oracle of the institution of slavery.
We thank him for what he has done.
Mr. BROOKS. Rumors, like the one the gen-
tleman has stated, should not be thrown out with-
out some foundation—and there is no fou dation
whatever for this piece of fancy- My honorable
colleague from New York, [Mr. Briggs,] I take it
for granted, votes of his own accord and upon his
own freewill and principles, and will set me right
in this matter. One word in reply to what the gen-
tleman has said in regard to my vote upon the
fugitive slave lav/. Thegentleman must not scatter
his arrows right and lefi if he will not give me an
opportunity of defending myself. If the gentleman
will consult the Congressional Globe and record,
he will find that upon the various occasions upon
which the fugitive slave bill was brought forward,
I voted for it over twenty times upon divisions,
and in every way facilitated action upon it. He
will also find that my main objection to voting for it
on its final passage was, that when it was brought
forward by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, [Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania,] it was
forthwith pressed, violently pressed, under the
operation of the previous question, without giving
the House an opportunity even to read the bill in
print, or to have it printed at all. It is unfair for
thegentleman to scatter his arrows right and left
without affording me and my colleague [Mr.
Briggs] an opportunity to defend ourselves from
the random arrows he is throwing all about.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman called on me
for an example of the case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will thegentleman per-
mit me for only a moment?
Mr. CULLOM. Be brief, as my time has
nearly expired.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will ask thegentleman
but this one question: When, in the gentleman's
opinion, will the fugitive slave law become pop-
ular enough at the North to permit General Scott
to avow himself in its favor? Judge Douglas
came out in its vindication before it was popular.
Mr. CULLOM. General Scott is known to be
a compromise man. I, sir, know him to be such;
and I would not permit myself to be deceived, nor
would'I be the means of deceiving others upon
this point. Gentlemen may find enough in Gen-
eral Scott's Castle Garden speech, in his letters to
Honorables Daniel Webster and Henry Clay, and
in the evidence which all bear, to satisfy them, if
they will be satisfied, that he espoused the com-
promise measures quite as early and as ardently
as any man, perhaps, that can be found in the
country, not excepting Mr. Webster or Mr.
Fillmore. There are plenty of private citizens
who are informed and satisfied upon this point—
better informed and better satisfied, I might infer
from their remarks, than are many gentlemen who
it is presumed know more of such matters than
the people. Notwithstanding General Scott is
known here and everywhere to be sound upon
these measures, he is assailed by the opposition
press, and by Democratic orators, as Whig favor-
ites always are. He is assailed, not because he
is against those measures, not because he is sup-
posed to be m favor of their repeal or modification,
out because he should, in the opinion of wiseacres,
come out with a letter. Sir, who has called upon
him for his opinion ? Where are the letters of the
several Democratic aspirants upon the slavery
question? Surely there are none before the coun-
try. Yet, sir, it does seem that Democracy will
go into convulsions if it cannot get to read a letter
from General Scott upon the subject. My judg-
ment was that a letter should have been written
long ago*, but some Whigs, as if to force the nom-
ination of another, have been—I had almost said
bullying General Scott to write since the period
of his prominence for the nomination would have
made it appropriate for him to have written; and
I must say, that much as I admire frankness in
politics, I "do not see how General Scott could for
months past have written upon the subject. But,
sir, should he be the Whig candidate, he should,
and I know that he would, avow himself to the
country, as he does on all occasions in conversa-
tion, for the prompt maintenance and execution of
all the compromise measures.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Fitch] saw proper to assail General Scott,
and I believe he called him the " mum Whig can-
I didate for the Presidency." I must review a little :
' the public course of thegentleman who thus as-
| saults General Scott, who defended me whilst I |
  was a child; and I and my country would be rec- !
! reant to the prompt" ngs of patriotism not to repel
I the assault, come it from what quarter it may. I
have the right c\f speech here, if General Scotihas
not, and I will, with my voice, defend him. But
listen a moment to the gentleman, [Mr. Fitch:]
"In 1849, Doctor Fitch pledged himself to the Free-
Soilers, when a candidate for their s>uiTr<iges, in the follow-
ing language:
" 1. To vote for the unconditional abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia.
u 2. To vote foi the abolition of the inter-State &U\e
trade.
3. To vote for the YVihnot pioviso being extended over
the Temtoiy of California, and New Mexico, and against
the law authorizing slaves to bt  taken there a-« properly.
'' Doctor Fitch concluded hi* letter, containing the above-
named pledges ot fidelity to Free-Soil pnncipk'S, by the
following explicit declaration :
"' Tlntertaining the views indicated in tnv answer above,
' I shall not only vote yes on all these measures, but i! no
' older orablei membci, whose influence for them would be
' greater than mine, can bn lound to introduce then to Oon-
c gress. I bhaU do so myself, if I have the honor of holding
' a seat there. GRAHAM N. FITCII.'"
This is the gentleman who proclaims General
Scott a mum candidate, who asperses his name,
and seeks to impeach his patriotism.
Mr. Chairman, whether Whig or Demo'crat
assail a prominent Whig, I will test the cause—m
this case I shall test it with the plummet. The
Democratic press is down upon General Scott, as
it always has been down upon Whig favorites.
The object, sir, is to draw off the public mind
from their own fueds and enormities. The Dem-
ocratic orators everywhere, and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] himself, have taken the
field against General Scott. If it was his desire
that the American people should believe, from his
wanting General Scott to come out, that he him-
self supported that measure, he will fail of his
purpose, for the Journals, unfortunately for him,
stand as evidence to the contrary. His votes will
be found recorded on page 1452 of the Journal of
the Thirty-first Congress.
Mr. FITCH. I can save the gentleman the
trouble of any reference to the Journal. I voted
against the fugitive slave law—have so said before,
and further said, as I now do, that under similar
circumstances, I should give the same vote again.
The previous question prevented debate on the
bill, or attempt to amend it, and no means were
left of expressing dissent from any of its provi-
sions, except a negative vote on its passage. But
it is the law—it is one of the series of measures
constituting1 the compromise which I sustain—
which I have declared, and I repeat it, should be
sustained by all good citizens; should be received
as a final settlement of slavery issues and slavery
agitation m Congress: should be observed, anil
their provisions, those of the fugitive slave law in-
cluded, be faithfully executed. My vote is of
little importance to the country—my opinions less;
but the same declaration I have made relative to
the compromise has been made by the great mass
of my party, and by all ifs prominent candidates
for the Presidency. The questions now at issue
are, will the party to which the gentleman belongs
assume the same position—a position of national
importance, and of vital interest to his section of
the country? And will his candidate (General Scott)
make the same declaration? Will he declare what
will be his policy relative to those measures in the
event of his election? The gentleman's opinions
and assumptions, though doubtless of far more
importance than any I may express, are not an
answer, and will not be received as such. The
answer can only come from the Whig party, and
from General Scott. Both are evading it, and
with the gentleman's aid. Will they continue to
do so p
Mr. CULLOM. That will do, sir; but is
General Scott to write letters upon the question
when not requested so to do, when the gentleman,
under solemn oath, acting with responsibility to
J God and his country, would not dare to record his
!j vote for the measure ? He recorded his vote with
ij Giddixgs, Gott, Julian, and Preston King. I
h hope I may be excused for mentioning this matter
i! of history. I do not wish to brmgdownupon my
II head the anathemas of the venerable gentleman
|| from Ohm, ("Mr. Giddixgs.] Fine company is
1 that in which my friend from Indiana is found;
i and, although denouncing upon this floor a ven-
?
erable patriot, he says he would vote so again. I
have no doubt of it. The country shall see who
General Scott's assailants are. On the 17th Sep-
tember, 1850, when the bill to repeal the slave
trade in the District of Columbia was under dis-
cussion, Mr. A. G. Brown* offered the following
amendment:
"Jind he it farther enacted, That, if any free person or per-
sons within the Du>titclofCo!umbist, shall entice or induce,
by persuasion or other moans, any slave or slaves to run away
from his, her, or their owners, or lawful possessor, or shafl
m any manner aid, abet, or assist any slave or slaves in
running away oi escaping fioui the owner or lawful possess-
oi of such slave or slaves, or shall harbor any slave or
slaves with the intent to assist him, her, or them, to escape
from the service of such owner or possessor, such person or
persons shall he liable to indictment m the circuit court of
the J)tstuct of Columbia; and, upon conviction, by verdict,
confession, oi otherwise, shall be impri-onud in the peni-
tentiary for any lime not exceeding five yeais."
Against this amendment G. N. Fitch voted,
with Cleveland, Gott, King, and Tiiaddeus
Stevens.
This is thegentleman who has become the guar-
dian of the Whig party, and of Southern rights.
This is the author of the dodging resolution,
that was intended as a platform for Secessionists,
Abolitionists, and higher-law men to siand upon;
and it is he who is made the mouth-piece to de-
nounce General Scott as a " mum candidate."
Sir, the gentleman will sicken of this business, so
sure as fate. The ethics of the gentleman make
it quite admissible to steal negroes, butdo notallow
that it is proper to punish the perpetrator.
I have said that the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana {Mr. Fitch] was a resolution drawn
to enable the Free-Soilers and Secessionists to oc-
cupy the same platform. Any intelligent person
who will read these resolutions carefully, will per-
ceive this.
The resolution ofTeied by thegentleman [Mr.
Fitch] is in these words:
" Resolved, That wc recognize the binding efficacy of
the compiomises of the Constitution, and believe it to be
the intention of the people generally, as we hereby dpclare
it to be ours individually, to abide such cosupi onuses, and
to sustain the laws neee^ary to carry them out—the pro-
vision for the delivery of fugitive slaves included—ami that
we depiecate ail fmfher notation of questions growing
out oi that proviMon, of the questions embraced in the acta
ol the last Congress known as the compromise, and of ques-
tions ironerally'eonnected with the institution of slaveiy, as
unnecessary, useless, and dangerous."
Now, almost all the Free-Soilers recognize the
compromises of the Constitution—all parts of it,
as they understand it. The State-Rights Free-
Soiler [Mr. Rantoui.] from Massachusetts, the
gentlemen from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland"!
and from New York, [Mr. Kintg,] all recognize
these compromises. But they do not acquiesce
in the compromise acts. These acts they de-
: nounce, as does the new convert from Indiana.
These compromises of the Constitution require
jury trials for the runaway slave, as these iree-
Soilers contend. This resolution does not approve
the fugitive slave law. Well, after a consultation,
the resolution was put into the hands of a gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] claimed to be
a Secessionist. If I am not misinformed, he was
told this resolution from the Indiana gentleman
was worth nothing; so it was patched up for the
gentleman from Georgia, who has to stand god-
father to it. So it was, after a little Speaker-room
caucus, as I believe, but, after some consultation,
amended and offered by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, as follows:
" Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of the
compromises of the Constitution, and believe it to be the
intention of the people generally, as we hereby declare it
to be ours individually, to abide such compromises, and to
sustain the laws nece>sary to cany them out—the provision
for the delivery of fugitive slave? (and Ike act of the laU
Congress for that purpose} included ; and that we depre-
cate all further agitation ot questions giowing out of that
provision, of the questions embraced in the acts of the last
Congress known as the compromise, and ot'questions gen-
eialiy connected with the institution of slaveiy, as unneces-
sary, useless, and dangerous,"
On examination, Mr. Chairman, it will be seen
that these are the Georgia words inserted—forced
on the Indiana Free-Soil resolution, " and the acts
of the. last Congress for that purposeNow, sir,
why was this inserted, if the first resolution was
sufficient* The first resolution evaded the fugi-
tive law. That was for the benefit of the Free-
Soilers. The second [Mr. Jackson's] inserted
the fugitive act. That was for the benefit of the
Secessionists. But nothing was said of the com-
promise measures-—not one word. Only the <* com-
promises of the Constitution," which are rccog-
