2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
opposed to this amendment, as well as the clause
proposed to be amended, which makes an appro-
priation for the Naval Academy at Annapolis.
1 am satisfied that this institution is used as an
engine of favoritism, where the sons of a favored
few are educated at the public expense, and there-
fore it ought to be abolished. The law provides
that midshipmen in the Navy shall be apportioned
among the several States according to the repre-
sentation in Congress, and that no midshipman
shall be appointed from, or for any Congressional
district, who is not an actual resident of the dis-
trict for which he is appointed at the time of his
appointment.
There is no doubt but it was the intention of
Congress that the appointments should be made
upon the recommendation of the member repre-
senting the district, in the same manner that ap-
pointments are made forthe Military Academy at
W est Point. But this is not done.
Appointments are made without consulting the
member from the district, upon the recommenda-
tion of persons who are in no way responsible for
the appointment. Some time in March, 1851, as
near as I can recollect, I addressed a note to the
Secretary of the Navy, asking when there would
, be a vacancy from my district; and was informed,
in reply, that it was uncertain, but probably an
appointment would be made in June of last year.
Some time in the course of the summer, I re-
peated the inquiry, and was told, in reply, that
there was no vacancy.
Some time during the past winter, I repeated
the inquiry. I was told, in reply, that, " owing to
circumstances over which the Department had
no control," it could not be known when there
would be a vacancy.
Being still pressed with applications for the ap-
pointment, I returned to the charge again; and in
July last, I inquired what the circumstances were
which prevented the Department from knowing
when there would be a vacancy. I was told, in
reply, that it was uncertain when the midshipman
from the district would graduate.
I had now become satisfied that I was trifled
with, and that there was a disposition to conceal
the true state of the matter from me. I thereupon
immediately inquired who the present incumbent
was, and when he was appointed, and whether the
Department considered the member from the dis-
trict entitled to any control over the appointment.
I was told, in reply, that there were three mid-
shipmen in the service from my district, one of
whom was appointed September 9, 1847, and the
other two on the 1st of October, 1851; that the
Department did not consider the member from the
district entitled to any control over the appoint-
ment, but that my recommendation would be
treated with great respect. When 1 considered that
two midshipmen had been appointed from the
district since my term commenced, and whilst I
was seeking information as to the time when a
vacancy would happen, and an appointment be
made, 1 did not feel much Hattered by the intelli-
gence that t( my recommendation would be treated
with great respcct." I do not wish to be under-
stood as finding any fault with the appointments.
I should probably have recommended one of them
myself, if the applicant had not been so fortunate
as to procure recommendations from more influen-
tial sources. I should not have recommended
both, for the reason that they both reside in the
same town, as there are five counties in my dis-
trict. But what I do complain of is, that the law
evidently contemplates that the appointment shall
be made upon the recommendation of the member
from the district; and the propriety of it is so
manifest, that to make an appointment without
consulting the member, cannot but be regarded as
a personal indignity that 1 do not choose tamely
to submit to it. And I feel myself bound scrupu-
lously and jealously to guard all the rights, priv-
ileges, and prerogatives of my office from inva-
sion, and to hand them over unimpaired to my
successor. Believing, therefore, that this institu-
tion is used as an instrument of favoritism, and is
a source of corruption, I shall vote against ail ap-
propnations for its support.
Ivlr. DEAN. Does the gentleman accuse the
Whig candidate for the Vice Presidency of vio-
lating the law'
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I did not say any-
thing in regard to the Whig candidate for the Vice
Presidency.
Mr. WALSH. It is not a charge peculiar to
the Secretary of the Navy, who has just retired
from office, and is the candidate for the Vice
Presidency of this nation, on the Whig ticket.
This system of favoritism has been prevailing in
this country half a century, in spite of all your
precaution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate about
presidential candidates. I uesire to get through
this bill.
Mr. WALSH. I said that it was not a charge
peculiar to the Secretary of the Navy. 1 am speak-
ing of the system. Despite of all ordinary legis-
lation you may attempt, the system of favoritism
will prevail, unless you establish something like
a criminal code, and visit men with penalties for
violation of the law. The law ought to be ex-
plicit, that these appointments shall be made under
the application of members of Congress, or rather
by their designation, so that all sections of the
country shall come in for a share of the benefits of
this national institution. If favoritism goes on in
this way, I do not hesitate to say that the Navy,
instead of properly representing the people, and
receiving its strength from that portion of them
who can best sustain the national interests and
national defenses, will be only a type of a partic-
ular class. I mean no personal assault upon any
gentleman who may be appointed. I do notknow
any of them. 1 only speak of the gross violation
of right frequently practiced, and the system of
favoritism which has long prevailed. Now that
the attention of the House has been called to the
subject of naval reform, I hope that this matter
will receive special attention. There is no De-
partment of your Government in which the Amer-
ican people take more pride than in your Navy,
and it is associated with all the glorious memories
which cluster around the homes of American free-
men; but if its management is to be nothing but a
system of bounties, you at once sap the founda-
tions of its usefulness. Let a law be passed sim-
ilar to that which governs the appointments to the
Military Academy. Let each Representative in
Congress have a right to name a midshipman for
his district. What he does will be done in the
face of day, and subject always to a just respon-
sibility.
The question now being upon the amendment
to the amendment—
Mr. BOWIE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Wildrick.]
Mr. GOODENOW demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Price, and How of
New York, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 34.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STUART. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the amendment just adopt-
ed, viz:
And hereafter no appointment of midshipmen in the
Navy shall be made unless recommended by the member
of Congress repiesentmg the district m winch the applicant
resides.
Mr. ORR. I raise a question of order upon
that amendment. It does not appertain to any
portion of this bill. It is not an appropriation,
nor has it reference to any existing law. It pro-
poses to change the existing law.
Mr. STUART. The clause under consider-
ation is an appropriation to pay the expenses of
this school,and the amendment is to provide how
these midshipmen shall hereafter be appointed.
It is as clearly germane to this bill as anything
can be. The idea that nothing can be introduced
into an appropriation bill, except appropriations
estimated for by the Department, is an idea which
never found anybody to advocate it until within
the last ten days.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan to be
out of order.
Mr. STUART. From that decision I appeal.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and it was decided m the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment held to be in order.
Mr. STUART. The amendment being in
order, I suppose I have the floor.' j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Michigan if his amendment
will not virtually vest the appointments in mem-
bers of Congress ?
Mr. STUART. That is precisely what it will
do.
Mr. JONES. The Constitution gives them to
the President.
Mr. STUART. I have had some little experi-
ence in this matter. ^ I was here in the Thirtieth
Congress, and I applied for the appointment of a
midshipman from the State of Michigan. I was
told that there was no vacancy in that State; that
there was a fraction in Michigan and a fraction in
Missouri, and that perhaps, by an agreement be-
tween the members from those States, there might
be an appointment got out of the two. Well, the
first thing that I knew after that was, that an offi-
cer of the Army had procured a midshipman an
appointment, and charged to my district; and that
midshipman, if he resides anywhere, resides in
Virginia. Now, the object of my amendment is
to confine the nominations to the members of Con-
gress, just as is done in the case of the Military
Academy. Let each member of Congress take
the responsibility of the appointment from his
district, and see that the applicant really resides
in his district, and is not imported there from some
other part of the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel it my duty to state a fact
in connection with this amendment. A friend of
mine applied through me for the appointment of
his son to that school, but at the time he made the
application there was no opportunity of getting
his son in. Since that time he has removed out
of my district. Learning that there was a va-
cancy, 1 renewed the application. The question
was put to me whether he was a resident in my
district, and I stated that at that time he was not.
They excluded him on that ground, afterwards
appointing another on my recommendation, who
lived in my district. So far, therefore, as my
experience goes, the law has been very rigidly
enforced.
Mr. STUART. I desire to modify my amend-
ment, by adding to the words:
" In the same manner that cadets at West Point are now
appointed."
Mr. VENABLE. I desire to make a remark or
two upon this subject; and if the gentleman from
Michigan will allow me, I will offer that modifica-
tion as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. Certainly, sir.
Mr. VENABLE. Then I move to amend the
amount by adding thereto the words indicated by
the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. Chairman, I have but a remark or two to
make upon this subject. I have been in Congress
six years, and I never yet have had a vacancy in
my district. The whole business has been con-
ducted on a principle of favoritism. Whenever I
have claimed appointments from my district, I
have been told that there were difficulties in the
way. I was told so during General Taylor's ad-
ministration. I suggested an appointment to the
Secretary of the Navy, and was told in reply that
I had assumed the right to appoint, which be-
longed to him.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If my colleague will per-
mit me, I should like to say something on that
point. Whilst I was a member of the last Con-
gress I sent in recommendations for a young man
in my district which came to me from the most
respectable sources. I was informed, however,
that there was no vacancy. After I went home,
and during the period of my last canvass, I ascer-
tained that the Secretary of the Navy (Mr. Gra-
ham) had written a letter to the gentleman who
was my opponent for Congress, and had requested
him to nominate two midshipmen from the dis-
trict, upon the ground that there were two vacan-
cies. I mention this to show that whatever may
be the law, the practice has been arbitrary, and
conducted on mere principles of favoritism. Even
if it be true, as stated all around, that, by law, the
Secretary ought to take the same course that is
followed with reference to the appointment of
cadets at West Point, yet it is necessary that we
should reiterate that provision of the law to cause
Secretaries to respect it. I therefore favor the
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Let me say
that I have been treated just as badly as that.
