474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be cheated in the quality of the paper; but upon
his plan the Government will be sure not to be
cheated. Let us see. Suppose these men have
made a contract; they have furnished a sample of
the paper. I should be glad to be informed how
it necessarily follows that they must cheat the
Secretary of the Interior, and that he cannot de-
termine whether the paper corresponds with Uie
sample. He is to decide if the paper corresponds
with the sample. He has entire jurisdiction over
the subject. We must order paper to be obtained
somewhere. Somebody or other, some human
being—we cannot invoke superhuman assist-
ance^ this subject—must be called upon to de-
termine whether the paper furnished corresponds
with the sample. Who is to do it ? Shall it be
done by the Committee on Printing? I have the
highest respect for every member of that commit-
tee; but I cannot attribute infallibility to them. If
it is possible, if it is probable, or if it is certain,
that the Secretary of the Interior will be imposed
upon, I think it is not unreasonable or extravagant
to suppose that even that committee might be
made the subject of imposition.
Mr. President, I have no feeling about this mat-
ter. I felt nothing about it until I found myself
arraigned hers by the Senator from Connecticut,
merely because I thought proper to differ from
him as to the mode in which this contract ought
to be made. I have said before to the Senate that
I was influenced by two considerations on this
subject. One was a desire that this work should
not be put out to the lowest bidder. Why? Be-
cause we have had ample experience in this Cham-
ber that nothing that is put out to the lowest bid-
der is well executed. However unimportant—if
gentlemen think it unimportant—it may be, that
the ordinary documents here should be printed on
bad paper, with bad type, and when printed on
this paper and type, villainously bound, I do
think if Congress is going to make a large outlay
necessary to publish the results of the late census,
it concerns the honor of the nation that such a
document should be printed on the best material,
in the best manner, and bound most effectually for
preservation. This will not be like our ordinary
documents, which are kept at home and seen only
by our own people, most of them exciting but
temporary interest, and soon passing into oblivion.
But these census returns, when printed, are des-
tined to go over the whole earth. I, for one, as
an American citizen and an American Senator, am
not willing, occupying the position we do in the
world, that we should stand degraded by a miser-
able presentation of a low, poor, ineffectual, and
discreditable execution of this work.
rnP*1 ® wor(^ ,as f-° what my amendment proposes.
1 he Committee on Printing are to contract with
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong for printing and
binding the census returns on such terms as the
committee may think reasonable and proper. I
suppose my friend from Connecticut cannot object
to that. He would not have the contract made on
terms unreasonable and improper. We have con-
fidence in the intelligence and integrity of the mem-
bers of the committee. We feel sure that they
will be able and willing to make a contract upon
reasonable and proper terms. We are—at least
i am willing to confide that jurisdiction to them
I formerly said to the Senate, that I should have
felt myself bound to vote for relieving the com-
mittee fiom this duty, if the honorable chairman
had persisted m his objection. That was on a
ground personal to the Senator. But when the
committee are willing to undertake it, I am willing
to trust them. What is the difficulty about then-
making a fair and reasonable contract in relation
to one part of this work as well as another? If
they can make a fair and reasonable contract for
f Prmtu1s  nd press-work, why can they not
tor the paper? 1 do not understand that there is
fn/nlT nPySter>r a^ont nuking a contract
stimulated'f ? Slze ani 5ua''ly of the paper is
H"1 for'.an<i a sample is furnished, why can-
contract forTf1'166 Mnke c reasonable and P^per
contract for it as well as for press-work > I do not
know any reason why they cannot. They can
ascertam what are the wholesale prices for LDer
as well as the price for press-work. So with re-
gard to the bmdmg. There is, therefore, no more
cessaiy reason why the Government should
suffer injustice m a contract to be made by thh
committee, than there is in any otheTcontrL to
be made by any other committee, or by any offi-
Feb. 5,
cer of the Government. True, sir, every one may
make a bad bargain. True, sir, all of us united
together, wise, as we all know we are, collectively
-and individually, may make a bad bargain. The
Committee on Printing may be overreached. The
Secretary of the Interior may be overreached. So
may every human being. But I feel a very strong
confidence that while my friend from Connecticut
is on that committee, there will be no great amount
of overreaching practiced on the Government; and
if I wanted any reason to make me additionally
confident in the trust reposed in the committee,
the very fact that he has been designated a mem-
ber of it, would furnish it.
Sir, exercising what I consider an unquestiona-
ble jurisdiction of legislative power over this sub-
ject; invadmgno Executive right; offering affronts
and insults to no one; I propose to amend this
resolution so as to leave the Committee on Print-
idg to enter into this contract. For the reasons
which I have stated, I think they can and will
make a fair, just, and reasonable bargain. The
honorable Senator from Connecticut seems to
think that large profits will be made out of the
Government. He said he would not say exorbi-
tant profits. Well, this is a large work; and, for
my own part, I am willing to pay a large and lib-
eral compensation to any body of contractors, or
any individual contractor, who will give it to us so
executed as to be a credit to the country and worthy
of preservation. I have no desire whatever that
persons who do work of this kind for the Govern-
ment should be otherwise than well paid. I be-
lieve there is no more striking exhibition of " penny
wise, pound folly," than in the attempt to obtain j
from others work, or property, or service, forless
than a fair and full remuneration. I should be
extremely sorry if my friend from the Committee
on Printing would be disposed—I do not believe
he would—to make a hard and exacting bargain.
On the contrary, I do him the full credit to believe,
that while he wants to do the Government all jus-
tice, he would be the last man on the committee
who would be willing to do injustice to individ-
uals.
Now, supposing the contract well made, my
friend from Connecticut is exceedingly disturbed
because my amendment proposes to supersede the
necessity of those precise, accurate, and cautious
provisions which the committee mightthink proper
to put in the contract for its effectual execution. I
have no doubt in the world that the committee will
do their best; I have no doubt that their best will
be good. But inasmnch as I think the committee
could devise no better plan than the one proposed
in the amendment which I have submitted, 1 see
no reason why we should leave to the committee
that which we can better do ourselves. And I am
very certain of one thing—that my honorable
friend, the chairman of the committee, will be ex-
tremely glad to be relieved from that responsibility,
as he would from any other responsibility not
fairly and necessarily imposed upon him in con-
nection with this business. What is the proposal?
To leave to the Secretary of the Interior the super-
vision of the execution of the work. There is,
surely, no impropriety in that. This is a docu-
mentcompiled under his superintendence. Itcame
from his Department, and its supervision naturally
falls to his Department. In that he will be aided
by the head of the Census Bureau, who is familiar
with the whole work, and who has the strongest
possible interest in its faithful, correct, and per-
fectly accurate execution.
Now, what is proposed better than this? The
honorable Senator says that I propose first to let the
committee make the contract, and then not to allow
them to complete the business. The reason for that
is very obvious. The Committee on Printing can
easily make a contract, and when the contract is
settled there is no necessity for their further inter-
position. If this work is to be executed it will
be going on for months. It will be in process of
execution during the recess of Congress. The
, supervision must be vigilant and incessant. You
j must, therefore, have somebody to execute it who
is required to be here, who is always ready to
apply himself to the exercise of such functions.
This the committee cannot do. If the printing- is
to go on during the session, would the honorable
Senator propose that the members of the Joint
Committee on Printing should give up their time
to the daily supervision of the mode of the execu-
tion of the contract. If the printing is to go on
during the recess of Congress, would the Senator
propose that the members of the Joint Committee
should sit here, each drawing his per diem, for the
purpose of supervising the execution of this print-
ing?
© 4
I think that iT this matter is properly considered,
Senators will come to the conclusion, that if my
amendment is ndt the best in the world, it is a fair
and reasonable one. If there'were any errors and
mistakes in it, I think my friend from Connecticut
might have pointed them out in good temper, and
not haYe treated me as if I was coming forward to
aid and_ abet the honorable Senator from Indiana
in making a foray into the Treasury of the United
States. I can assure my friend that I have no
such purpose in view. I want this work to be ex-
ecuted. I want it taken out of the lowest-bidder
system. I wish it to be well done, and done in a
way in which it shall be honorable to the Govern-
ment. I want the man who executes it to be well
paid for it; acting upon the same rule here in re-
gard to the public business that I trust 1 do in
regard to my private transactions. To insure the
faithful execution of the work-, I am willing to
trust to the extremely honorable gentleman who is
at the head of the Department of the Interior.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a few words on this
subject, and they shall be but a very few. The
necessity of public printing is felt by all. The
question before the Senate is, as to the mode. Shall
we effect it by a contract previously entered into,
and wait its execution, or shall we take the means
of effecting it ourselves, under the supervision of
the proper committee ? Now, why not give an
open contract, as it is called ? For very sufficient
reasons, founded on experience. In the first place,
you have no security in such a case as to the time,
as I observed on another occasion, and the decen-
nial period may itgain come round before you get
your census printed. You will not get the Presi-
dent's message, probably, until the end of the ses-
sion. We expend thousands and thousands of
dollars for printing the documents, whose interest
depends on their immediate use for the American
people, and the subject of them sometimes passes
into oblivion before the documents appear. Now
will we pursue such a system in regard to such an
important work as this?
Again: all experience shows that you cannot
depend upon the execution of the contracts made
with the lowest bidders. Propositions are made
exceedingly low—lower than parties can afford to
do them; and then they must do one of two things
—abandon the contract, or do the work in an im-
proper manner, and with improper materials. If
the contracts are abandoned, ana Congress is not
in session, the work goes over to another session,
bo it may be through the whole period. On the
other hand, and as the Senator from North Caro-
lina correctly observed, this is one of that class of
documents which requires to be well done. If a
contractor enters into an improvident contract, his
only other resource besides that which I have men-
tioned, is to do the work badly, as a great deal of
our printing is done. I am sure every Senator must
be ashamed of 'the mode in which a great deal of
our printing is executed. I presume there is no
gentleman here who would have work for his own
private use done in the manner in which much of
our work is done here.
Then for these three very sufficient reasons, that
we may not have the work done at all—that we may
have it delayed , or badly done, it is proposed that
the|pmm t ttee should en ter in to a con tract with som e
pei son or other, on reasonable and proper terms, to
exjpute this work within a proper time. Is this
anything very extraordinary under this Govern-
ment. is it one of those extraordinary proposi-
tions that occasioned a revolution in the mind of
every honest man, such as it appears to have oc-
casioned in the mind of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, and on which he has spent so
much virtuous indignation? Certainly notf You
do the same thing every day. If you pass an ap-
propriation of one hundred thousand dollars for a
particular building, you leave it to the executive
officer to expend it as he pleases, to make a con-
tract for the materials, and then have it put up bv
day s labor, or contract for both materials anS
t&bor He may expend it just in that way which
he thinks the interests of the country require
m-e filM "fJ-ry/requent!>'- 0ur statute-books
a e filled with just such cases. The same princi-
ple is adopted m the Army—in the Navy—in
