1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
every department of Government. It is a discretion
you necessarily intrust sometimes to one officer
and sometimes to another.
May we ask, why do we not leave this to the
discretion of the executive officers ? For the very
best of all reasons, because there is danger of the
work being not done at all, or badly done; and it
is a question whether three members of the Senate
and three members of the House of Representa-
tives, constituting the Joint Committee on Printing,
are not as competent to execute this duty as any
executive officer of the Government, be he high or
low. "Will any man say they have not integrity
enough to execute it faithfully and justly, as much
as any officer of the Government out of the walls of
this Chamber? No one would advance such a
preposterous idea. * No man, with any respect for
his own feelings or the feelings of his colleagues,
would say that such is the case. I take it that
in the formation of this contract the duty is safely
lodged in these three members of the Senate and
three members of the House of Representatives,
particularly when they have so able and so willing
a man as the Senator from Connecticut to watch
their proceedings; and I am confident that no officer
of the Government, from the President down to
the lowest officer, (if you can apply the term "low"
to any officer of the Government,) is more able to
do this work.
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong are designated
in the resolution. Why? Every one knows that
they are ready to go on with the work. They
have got the materials—they have got the presses.
Therefore they are designated. What is required ?
Simply, that a proper and just contract should be
made with them by six members of Congress
responsible to their respective Houses,and respon-
sible to the country for their action. All I haye
to say is, that if any member of this Senate will
rise up and say that this power is not safely lodged
in the hands of six such men, he has a much
lower opinion of a member of Congress and of his
integrity than I have.
A word now with respect to another point which
was very well met by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina. It is that this power of super-
vision given to the Secretary of the Interior is all
right—is just precisely as it should be. I under-
stand that the 'gentlemen who are named in the
resolution as contractors are perfectly willing that
there should be this supervision. They are per-
fectly willing that they should be checked by a
high officer of the Government. It is preposterous
to talk about insulting an officer of the Govern-
ment by requiring him to do this duty. If he
should feel insulted by having such a duty im-
posed on him by Congress, he has one clear
remedy, that is, to quit his office. But 1 know
very well the Secretary of the Interior is a man of
hio-h character and a faithful officer, and he would
be"guilty of no such folly. He would execute
our law requiring him to superintend the expendi-
ture of one or two hundred thousand dollars, and
he would not consider it an insult to see that the
work was properly done. Now how could the
Committee of Congress execute this duty of super-
vision ? How would they have the time to devote
to it? It was very well said by the Senator from
N*rth Carolina, they cannot go every day and
see how the contractor is getting along. I take
it that any contractor for such a work as this,
intending to execute the contract, would, fiom
day to day, and as the work went on, submit it
to the supervisory power. He would not wait
-until one half or three quarters of the work was
done, for fear it might be rejected; but he would
from day to day, and from time to time, as should
be necessary, exhibit his work and ascertain the
opinion of the supervisory officer upon it, and act
accordingly. The committee cannot do that, es-
pecially as the work will not be finished, I pre-
sume, until after the close of the session of Con-
gress. Are the committee to be kept here during
the recess to attend to it, or will you commit it to
aproper and responsible officer of the Government
in whose department this work originates? I in-
tended to say something more on the subject; but
I have already consumed time enough. 1 will say
that in reviewing the whole matter, I can see no
reasonable objection—no sacrifice of public interests
—no risk of duty that will be committed, by al-
lowing a committee of this body to make this con-
tract, for I suppose the committee will make a just
and proper one on their own responsibility. It
will be as safe in their hands as in the hands of
any officer of the Government.
XMr. BORLAND. 1 am sorry to be compelled
to trouble the Senate with any remarks on this
subject, as I consumed a great deal of time when
it was under consideration before. It is in every
way distasteful to me, and I .approach it with great
reluctance, on many accounts. I think the views
which I suggested at the close of the debate on
this resolution when last discussed, some three
weeks ago, apply to the subject as it is again pre-
sented to us. The proposition is, to do what we
are still unprepared to do. It is a proposition to
print a work which is not before us, and the char-
acter and extent of which we neither know nor
understand. Now, can any Senator upon this
floor tell me what it is proposed to print? What
is the extent or character of the work? What
number of pages, or what number of volumes will
it make? Does any Senator know anything about
it? If so, I should be glad to hear. For the last
three weeks, since the question was postponed, I
have examined it as closely and as thoroughly as
I was able to do. I have investigated it in a spirit
of candor, and with a sincere desire to learn enough
of it to guide my judgment for this occasion; but
I have been utterly unable to ascertain what, or
ho'w much, is proposed by the resolution to be
printed. And I venture now to say, that if any
Senator will rise and state his opinions as to the
extent of the work, or what part of it shall be
printed, there will be no two Senators here to
agree with him.
If, in its present form, and with the obstacles
I have stated m the way of its practical execution,
this resolution be adopted, we shall place our-
selves in a position which I cannot better express
my opinion of, than by an anecdote, which, if the
Senate will pardon me, I will relate: In past times,
it is told, there existed, somewhere in my good old
native State, Virginia, a convivial club, composed
of some dozen or more of gentlemen, who were
fond of wine and good living, and once a week, or
oftener, met each other around the social board,
the wine, perhaps, predominating at the entertain-
ment. During tfte time of this association, the
country was afflicted by a severe and protracted
drought. No rain had fallen for many weeks.
Great apprehension begun to be felt for the fate of
the growing crops, and the general welfare of the
community. At this time, a meeting of the club
was held, and one of the members proposed, as a
means of propitiating the overruling providence,
that the club should so far moderate their indul-
gences as to abstain from drinking until it should
rain; and a formal resolution to that effect was
adopted. But the drought continued. Several
weeks rolled by, and several meetings of the club
were held. The thirst of the earth was great, but
not greater than that of the club. A fourth or a
fifth meeting was held, and yet the skies gave no
signs of relenting. At last, an old and influential
member rose and gravely declared that his drought
had become intolerable; and that as relief was in-
dispensable to him, as he supposed it was to his
associates, he would propose an expedient, by
which it might be afforded to all; and he put it in
this form: " Resolved, That it rains." This was
adopted by acclamation, and the club returned
joyously to their potations.
The adoption of this resolution will, I think,
place the Senate somewhat in the position of this
convivial club. It will be resolving, or at least
ossuming, that a state of things exists which, in
fact, does not exist. It will be assuming that a
certain amount and kind of information is before
us which, in fact, is not here. It will be assum-
ing, and legislating upon the assumption, that a
provision of the census law has been complied
with by an Executive Department of the Govern-
ment, and certain matters therein required to be
laid before us as the indispensable basis of our
action are actually before us, when no one will or
can say that such is the fact—when, indeed, it is
not the fact. For one, I am unwilling to place
myself in that position. It is true, we have had
brought before us a plan and arrangement of the
census returns for the State of Maryland, as a
specimen of the whole work. Here is the book.
Have Senators examined it? Is this a specimen
of the work which the Senate is willing shail be
printed for each State? Will any Senator open
this book, look at it, and say he is willing to print
a similar work for each of the States? It he is, he
differs very widely from me. I find in it matter
which is altogether unfit for publication. There
is much matter here which was not contemplated,
intended, nor provided for by the law; such as the
Superintendent of the Census had no authority to
incorporate in the census returns, or present here
in a plan of publication. He has exceeded his
authority, and put in a large amount of matter
which the law aid not authorize nor provide for.
Here we have a history of Maryland. Did the
law provide for that? In the provision it made
for employing a clerk to superintend the taking
of the census, did it contemplate the establishment
of an historical bureau and the appointment of a
historiographer of the United States? And even
supposing such had been the contemplation or
provision of the law, has there been sufficient time
to compile such a history as we would be justified
in publishing? or, I would ask, and that, too, with-
out disrespect or disparagement to the particular
individual, has he the requisite qualifications to
write a history of all, or of any, of the States of
this Union ? Here we have a general historical
account of Maryland, occupying ten pages—and
then a particular history of each county, making
eight pages more—eighteen pages together, out of
ninety-six, or nearly one fifth of the whole book !
Now, where is the basis of such a history?
Whence were the materials drawn, and by whom
collected? Who will vouch for their accuracy?
And yet, if we publish them, as proposed, in an
official form, and send them out under our sanc-
tion and authority, we make ourselves responsible
before the world for everything this young gentle-
man, who is called the Superintendent of Census,
may have thought proper to write or compile
without authority of law. I, for one, am unwill-
ing to indorse such a history as this, which, in
my opinion, without disparaging the intelligence
or impugning the motives of its author, I cannot
believe he was qualified to write or compile.
I wish now to call the attention of Senators to
another portion of this book; and it is one upon
which I claim to speak with some freedom. I re-
fer to what is headed " Medical Statistics." Of
this, there are some twenty-five pages in this book
of ninety-six pages. True, in the census bill di-
rection was given to ascertain the deaths, and the
causes of the deaths of individuals throughout the
United States, for the year preceding the 1st of
June, 1850. But did any one suppose at that
time—did any one understand, that it was to em-
brace a compilation of medical statistics by the
deputy marshals, and a treatise on the subject
preceding the statistics by a young gentleman who
is not known as a medical man, and who, so far
as I know, makes no pretension to be one? Did
any one suspect that such a production as this
was to be brought here ? Here we have a treatise
on the nicest questions in medical science, which
have been mooted for ages by the profession;
here, also, tabular statements of disease, and dog-
matical discriminations between fevers, laid off in
rule and figure work, with the precision of a de-
monstration in mathematics! Here, sir, we find
catarrhal, inflammatory, bilious, and congestive
fevers, regularly separated and arranged; and even
that nicest, and often most difficult, of all distinc-
tions, (f mean the distinction between typhus and
typhoid fever,) drawn with a boldness and a dog-
matism from which the ablest and most experi-
enced of our medical men would shrink. And all
this by a young gentleman who, it is to be pre-
sumed, cannot have the peculiar qualifications in-
dispensable to the performance of such a work,
but selected altogether, it is understood, for his
present position in view of his general intelligence,
and some aptitude in statistical studies.
But suppose, for the argument, that the law did
require him to collect all this mass of medical sta-
tistics, and even to write the preliminary treatise
with which he 1ms favored us, is there any obli-
gation upon us to print and publish it? I appre-
hend not. It is wholly within our discretion to
exclude from the publication, or to retain, any
portion of the matter presented to us. If, m our
I opinion, any portion be valueless, (as I suppose
i every one will admit this to be,) it is not only our
! right, but our duty to exclude and reject it. Pend-
ing the census bill, and while the schedules were
under discussion here, I moved to strike out this
one about diseases, and gave as a reason, that the
' persons who would take the census, were incom-
1 petent to obtain or give reliable information on
