1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
Chairman, that there is a great deal in the manner
of staling a truth, as to the impression to be pro-
duced by the statement.
Now, here is the fact: The Chairman never did
in any way revoke his first decision, which was,
that anything beyond the mere matter of fixing
the time and place for holding the National Con-
vention would be beyond the legitimate powers
and duties of that Congressional caucus; and that
it would be a usurpation of power which had not
been delegated to them by the people. But it is
also true, that when I pressed my resolution upon
him with some degree of vehemence, he, respond-
ing, I dare say, somewhat prompted by the kind
feelings he entertained towards me personally—
although he would not be inconsistent with him-
self, and reverse his decision, he nevertheless said
that it would be competent for the meeting, if it
should so choose, after it had disposed of its legit-
imate business t to entertain that proposition, and
that his own personal wishes were in favor of such
a result.
I said that I saw gentlemen upon the other side
were beginning to be sleepy, and that by the time
we had resolved ourselves into a kind of debating
society upon the resolution? offered by my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] and myself,
gentlemen would begin to have an appetite for
their beds. [Laughter.] I dare say we might
have passed the resolution. But it would have
been passed by Southern votes with the help of
those few Northern gentlemen who were willing
to cooperate with us. The Senate Chamber would
have presented but a " beggarly account of empty
boxes," and another fraud would have been played
upon the country like that played at the beginning
of this session of Congress, and which has been
made conspicuous by the votes of members who
acted in that caucus, upon the resolutions recently
offered to the consideration of this House by my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer.] Oh, that
caucus resolution! I beg gentlemen to excuse me
from speaking upon thatsubject. [Greatiaughter.l
Gentlemen say, that if those of us who retired
from the caucus, upon the proceedings of which
my colleague has animadverted, the resolution
offered in that caucus by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] or that offered by myself,
would have passed. I affirm, in reply, th«tt if
passed at all, it would have passed by Southern
votes—Northern members being absent, or present
with a menial reservation, as seems to have been the
case in the Congressional caucus at the beginning
of this session of Congress.
Now, there is the whole of it. These resolu-
tions were ruled out of order by the chairman,
and that ruling was sustained by the meeting, both
upon my resolution and that offered by thegentle-
nian from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.] It is also
true that the chairman did say, that after we had
got through with the legitimate business of the even-
ing, if we chose we could resolve ourselves into a
debating society, and discuss the subject. [Laugh-
ter.] But it is still further true, as I said, that as
soon as we had resolved ourselves into such de-
bating society, gentlemen would begin to get very
sleepy, and there would have been no one left but
ourselves. That would have been the practical
effect of the whole matter. The great object m
introducing that resolution was to get Northern
Whigs to meet Southern Whigs upon a principle
of action which we deemed to be important to the
peace and harmony of the country and the preser-
vation of the Union, and an indispensable means
of maintaining the unity of the Whig party as a
political organization extending over the whole
countiy, North and South.
Mr. DOCKERY. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one more remark ?
Mr. ME ACFI AM. I rise to a question of order.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"/1 Go on!"]
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] has j
a right to let out the floor to whom he pleases ? j
Mr, GENTRY. It all comes within my hour, :
and I imagine I am entitled to that. ,
Mr. DOCKERY. Since this Whig caucus is
assuming' some importance in the country 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to state, that the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has no right, under the
rules, to take the floor, yield it for another gentle-
man to make a speech, and still retain it for him-
self. When, however, the gentleman asked the
floor for that purpose, the Chair announced that it
could only be done by unanimous consent, and
there was no objection, and the gentleman from
Tennessee was therefore recognized by the Chair.
Upon this ground the Chair must overrule the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Meacham.]
Mr. GENTRY. If I am trespassing upon the
indulgence of the gentleman from North Carolina,
I will yield now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all. I only wish
to retain the floor.
Mr. DOCKERY. If the gentleman will allow
me, in connection with tins subject, I wish it to be
distinctly understood by the Rouse and the coun-
try, that my friend from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,]
upon the meeting of the first caucus, moved that
the rules of the Senate be adopted for the govern-
ment of that body; which motion was agreed to.
Now, sir, some of us, who are not \ery well
versed m parliamentary law and the rules of the
Senate—who never have been, and piobably never
will be, members of that distinguished bod y—yield-
ed to tne opinions of those who explained that, ac-
cording to the rules of the Senate, this amendment
was out of order, not being gei mane to the original
proposition fixing merely the time and place for the
meeting of the convention. Well, i again repeat
what! said before—however it may dilier from the
opinion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry]—that it was distinctly announced that
this question might come up, not in a debating so-
ciety, as the gentleman from Tennessee would
have the House believe, [laughter,] but in the
then organized caucus, as a substantive proposi-
tion 
Mr. GENTRY, (interrupting.) And enter-
tamed by the meeting if they chose 
Mr. DOCKERY, (resuming,—and entertained
by tne meeting if they thought proper. [Laugh-
ter.] He ruled it out of order as an amendment
to the original proposition, intended to carry out
the puipose for which the caucus assembled, but
not as an independent substantive proposition.
As such he, in effect, decided that it might be en-
tertained. Several members of the meeting insisted
upon the seceders remaining there, and submitting
as substantive propositions those which had been
ruled out as amendments, when they would vote
for them with those who subsequently professed
to be then* only true friends.
Now, sir, let me submit one question, and I will
yield the floor. In m.utcis wheie we disagiee to
some extent, who is likely to best understand the
question at issue—those who remained there all
through until the adjournment, or those who left
before the meeting had progressed half through,
and occasionally, after being absent a while, re-
turning to the door and peeping in and listening,
to ascertain what was going on—perhaps some of
them walking 111 a step or two and retreating ? and
indeed, theie is a rumor out of doors, that one of
those distinguished gentlemen who left, was part
of his time with Billy Seward, taking a drink of
grog. [Laughter.] Now, how could he know
what was going on, as well as those who remained
in the meeting ?
Mr. GENTRY. I suppose that it is true, that
one of my friends, waiting for me to come out, did
in his perigrinations around and about the Senate ;
Chamber, meet with the distinguished Senator j
referred to by thegentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Dockery,] who was ensconced in an ante- 1
chamber, receiving repot ts from his adjutants and !
directing the couise of the war. [Laughter.] I i
thank my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Dock- :
ery] for the allusion. It is an important one, and ;
suggestive of grave reflections to the people of this ;
country. j
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to ;
inquire of the gentleman from North Carolina, as !
1 am the person to whom he alludes, as having j
taken a glass with the Senator from New York, ■
what is his purpose in dragging such an incident
of private intercourse into this discussion?
Mr. DOCKERY. I will answer that it was I
fiom 110 disrespect to the honorable gentleman '
from Kentucky; but as we are gathering all the 1
incidents of the evening, 1 thought to mention this j
also. ;
Mr. MARSHALL. Degustibus, non, $c. I ,
have only to say that greatly as I disagree from
the Senator from New York upon questions which j
I deem essential to the peace of society and the |
harmony of the States, I have never ceased to
accept- from him the amenities of social life. I
meet him in the social circle and in the social walks
of life, without permitting political opinions to in-
terfere. Every gentleman possesses the right, I
believe, without arraignment, to regulate his social
walks and conversation, and I exercise that right
to suit my own taste. I suppose this passage was
produced to show to the country that while I dif-
fer toto cczlo from the Senator from New York,
the breach had not become fatal, as I still was
willing to indulge in his company, in one of the
commonest occurrences at Washington. [Laughter.]
In a word, I found the Senator from New York,
unexpectedly, at an unseasonable hour of the
night, so fixed as to keep apart from the caucus,
and yet to direct and command its operations un-
seen, so far as he could do so through the instru-
mentality of his friends; and, after I was sepa-
rated from it, we took a drink. Should he invite
me, under equally embarrassing circumstances to
himself and his friends, I should drink with him
again. [Laughter.] The member from North
Carolina is entitled to the benefit of all he can
make out of this new point in parliamentary de-
bate.
Mr. CLINGMAN claimed the floor.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope my friend from North
| Carolina [Mr. Clingman] will indulge me yet a
ij moment longer. J understood the Chair to decide
| that my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] had, by his courtesy to me, lost his right to
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not so de-
cided .
Mr. GENTRY. Then I fear that my misun-
derstanding of the decision of the Chair has
caused me to abuse the courtesy of my friend.
Mr CLINGMAN. Not at all—not at all.
Mr. GENTRY. I must ask him to permit me
to make one additional remark. My colleague
[Mr. Cullom] made a remark in relation ,to those
who retired from the Congressional caucus, which
grates harshly upon the ear of a Tennesseean.
He spoke of those who ran away from that caucus.
Tennesseeans are not in the habit of running
away, and nothing could be more unpalatable to
them than such an imputation.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 desire to disclaim any per-
sonally offensive imputation againstmy colleague,
or any gentleman who acted with him.
Mr. GENTRY. I feel well assured that my
colleague is candid in his declaration. I am
equally candid in declaring that it is not, and has
not been, my purpose to impute unpatriotic or
disloyal purposes or motives to him. But 1 must
say that, according to my comprehension, para-
doxical as it may seem to be, those who ran away
were they who stood most firmly to their duty,
and those who did not " run away 9> were most
wanting in true soldiership.
Mr. Chairman, I repeat what I said at the
ouiset of my remarks—it is not my intention to
make a speech to-day. In due time I will discuss
fully and freely the important questions embraced
in the speech of my colleague. Before I conclude,
however, permit me to remark, that I do not read
the political signs of the times as sanguinely as
iny colleague, [Mr. Cullom.] He seems to see
nothing but bright skies and tranquil prospects.
To my view dark clouds are gathering in the po-
litical horizon. The compromise measures, which
passed with* so much difficulty, and designed to
restoie harmony to a distracted country, will be
bereft of healing power, unless both of the two
great parties into which the country is divided
• shall so place their candidates and shape their or-
j ganizations for the approaching presidential elec-
j tion as to exclude from the canvass agitation hav-
I mg for its object the repeal or modification of any
j of those measures.
j It is not enough that a presidential candidate
1 may be believed to have been favorable to the
I enactment of those measures, and himself indi-
I virtually in favor of maintaining them. A far
i greater question is, by what influences is he sur-
' rounded? What counsels, what influences will
control the political organization upon which he
1 relies for his election? And what influences will
j decide the policy of his administration in the event
I of his success? The public interests demand—
1 the peace of the country, the safety of the Union
; require not only that he shall be publicly and une-
| quivocaliy pledged "to regard the compromise
