1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Amos Proc-
tor; which was read a first and second time, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
And the House then adjourned till to-morrow
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlvgust 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan*.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to an exten-
sion of the reconnoissance of the coast of Califor-
nia by the Coast Survey, south to Cape St. Lucas;
which was read, and ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a report of the Postmaster General, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the clerks in
that Department; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of David
K. Arey, praying that a register may be granted
to tlje bark Glueen; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of claim-
ants against Brazil, to whom awards were made
by the commission appointed to adjudicate those
claims, praying that an appropriation may be
made to pay the balance of the amounts awarded
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the " bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending June
30, 1853, and for other purposes," during the
morning hour. I believe that it is the only chance
we shali obtain to get up and consider that bill.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from Virginia
will withdraw the motion for a moment, so as to
enable me to report a bill on which 1 am desirous
that action should be taken by the Senate. I refer
to the bill reducing the postage on newspapers. I
am satisfied it will not occupy more than five or
ten minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I would cheerfully give way
to the Senator if he were the only one who would
occupy the time, but I know that others would
follow. I therefore feel it to be my duty to per-
sist in the motion. I do not know that the Senate
will agree to take up the bill; still I must persist
in pressing the motion.
Mr. HALE, i hope the motion will not be
agreed to, and for this reason: I want one clay,
before the Senate adjourns, to have a vote, which
may be considered a fair vote, on the question
whether the Senate is disposed to take up the
homestead bill. I want to try that question this
morning, and if it is voted down, I will be silent
on the subject during the rest of the session. I
want one fair vote, so that we may see how the
feeling is; and if the bill is voted down, I assure
the Senate that I will not say another word about
it, but let it go.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
proposition to take up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill; and not on taking up the home-
stead bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have one word to say to
the Senator from New Hampshire. If he will
agree to keep silent for the residue of the session,
I will do all I can to forward his proposition for
taking up the homestead bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I cannot agree to that; because
I think it would be unjust to the Senate and the
country. It would be unjust to the country were
I to keep still, because the general interest might
thereby suffer; and it would be unjust to the Sen-
ator from Missouri; because, were I to keep still,
he would, in consequence, be kept far too busy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I desiretoknowfrom theSenator
from Virginia, whether it his purpose to displace
the river and harbor bill by this motion?
Mr. HUNTER. My proposition is to take up
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill during
the morning hour. I did not suppose that I could
do more than that.
Mr. DAVIS. But will the Senator say that he
will be leady to lay the bill down at one o'clock,
to take up the special order?
Mr. HUNTER. If a majority of the Senate
should say so, I will not be obstinate. I will not
attempt to resist the proposition, although I think
we ought to be making some progress with this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator will continue
to occupy the whole day with this bill if the Sen-
ate will permit him. 1 cannot vote to take up the
bill under such circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I did not expect to displace
the regular order of business after the expiration
of the morning hour. I did not suppose that the
Senate, having taken up the river and harbor bill,
would lay it down to continue the consideration of
the civil and diplomatic appropuation bill. What-
ever may be the decision of a majority of the
Senate 1 will acquiesce in it. I shall not be perti-
nacious in regard to the question.
Mr. DAVIS. That the gentleman from Vir-
ginia cannot avoid doing, 1 suppose. He must of
necessity conform to the decision of the Senate on
the subject. 1 cannot, therefore, consent to take
up this bill under such circumstances. If it is not
to supersede the regular order of business, I am
willing that the bill should come up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have said to the Senator
from Virginia that I would go with him to take
up the civil and diplomatic bill, provided it is un-
derstood that we shall proceed to the consideration
of the special order when the hour of one arrives.
But if this bill is to displace the river and harbor
bill, I cannot consent to take it up.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not resist any prop-
osition to proceed to the consideration of the
special order when the hour arrives.
Mr. BRIGHT. With that understanding I
will go with the Senator from Virginia to take up
the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will allow reports to be made. 1 have not
been able to be in my seat for two or three weeks,
and 1 wish to make a report. I hope that by unan-
imous consent the Senate will indulge me.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator from North
Carolina has been sick and unable to be present
for some time, I hope he may have the unanimous
consent of the Senate to present his report. 1 shall
consent, but I must, after that, persist in my mo-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall consent to allow the
Senator from North Carolina to present his report;
but before I give that consent I wish to say that I
have struggled for five months to obtain one day
for the consideration of the territorial bill, and
have not yet been able to get it up. I cannot
therefore consent to take up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill or any other bill which
will deprive us of an opportunity of acting upon
these local bills, and I hope we shall be permitted
to make our reports during the morning hour. I
now give my consent to the honorable Senator
from North Carolina to make his report.
Mr. MANGUM. I am authorized by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to which was
referred the petition of Mary Martin, adminis-
tratrix of Robert Lindsay, deceased, praying com-
pensation for the loss of a slave captured during
the last war with Great Britain, to report a bill
for her relief.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
ordered to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT. The motion now is to
take up the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the current fiscal year.
Mr, SHIELDS, I hope we shall be allowed
to hand in the bills and reports which we have on
our tables.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is of more import-
ance at this stage of the session, that we should
take up the civil and diplomatic bill during the
morning hour, rather than to devote it to reports
and other new business. If we are only to have the
morning hour, we shall have little enough time for
the consideration of those amendments which the
committee have prepared. If Senators are pre-
pared to say that they will adopt these appropria-
tion bills as they come from the House of Repre-
sentatives, without any amendment, they will be
justified in the course they propose to pursue; but
if they wish to make any amendments to the bills,
they ought to have sufficient time to devote to
their consideration. It would be well for the
Committee on Finance to know what course the
Senate really mean to take; for it is useless for us
to expend ourtimein examining the appropriation
bills, and in preparing amendments to them, if the
Senate proposes to take them just as they come
up from the House of Representatives. These
bills have been laid aside for any and every pur-
pose. The Indian appropriation bill was here a
fortnight after it was reported before it was dis-
posed of; and it was laid aside for the purpose of
taking up almost every other bill.
Now, the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, which is the greatest and most important ap-
propriation bill of the session, has been laid aside
for a mere local bill—the river and harbor bill. I
have not opposed this with any pertinacity, and
the Senate nave determined to devote the greater
part of the day to if. All that I now ask is, that
the business in which the whole country is most
deeply concerned may have devoted to it the morn-
ing hour. I wish that point to be tested. I de-
sire to see whether the Senate will lay aside this
bill for a merely local bill. If the Senate say that
they will not devote the morning hour to this bill,
I shall understand that decision and acquiesce in
it; but I wish to know what is their determination
in regard to this matter, so that the responsibiliiy
may not rest with me, or with the Committee on
Finance, but with the Senate. When the general
subject of these appropriation bills was under con-
sideration some time ago in this Chamber, we
were lavish in expression of complaints against the
House of Representatives for the manner in which
they transacted their business in relation to the
appropriation bills. And how are we now pro-
ceeding? I wish the Senate to take the responsi-
bility of passing over this appropriation bill, ar.d
that being done, I will acquiesce without a mur-
mur.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am afraid that the honor-
able Senator will not do justice to his motion if he
presses it in the midst of the morning business.
There are several bills which ought to be pre-
sented for the purpose of being printed and laid
on the tables of Senators; and, although some of
us may be favorable to his motion, we will oppose
it if it is presented in this way. 1 opposed the
motion of the honorable Senator from W isconsin
the other day to take up the homestead bill, be-
cause he introduced it at an untimely period—in
the midst of the morning business.
Mr. BORLAND asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone all other business, for
the purpose of taking up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and they were ordered; and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 17; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bell, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Chailton, Chase, Clarke, Da-
vis, Dawson, De Saussure, Fish, Foot, Gum, Huntw,
Jones ot'Tenncssee, King, Mallory,Mangum,Mason, Mer-
iwether, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Smith, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood, and Upliam—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Ca«s, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Feich, Ceyer, Uale, Ham-
lin, James, Jones of Iowa, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Wade,
and Walker—17.
So the motion was agreed to; and theSenate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Finance, with various amendments; the first of
which was to increase the appropriation " for
compensation and mileage of Senators" from
#104,776 to #110,776.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the following;
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz :
For printing £35,000
For binding  15,000
For lithographing  13,500
For books    12,0l>0
For stationery  5,000
For newspapers  2,500
For Congressional Glohe  6,000
For reporting proceedings, £te  22,000
For messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses
and carrjaUd   20,000
For miscellaneous items     19,000
And insert in lieu thereof:
For printing, binding, lithographing, stationeiy, books,
