4*6
TH©-CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Feb. 5,
the subject. That column was retained, however,
and here we have the result—more than one fourth
of the whole book—twenty-five out of nin'ety-six
pages—made up of " medical statistics,"and a pre-
liminary discourse upon them, which, I venture
to say that no intelligent man in or out of the
Senate, and no one deserving the name of physi-
cian anywhere, would rely upon as authority for
any purpose whatever. Surely, sir, no obligation
rests upon us to print and publish anything like
that. Every consideration of propriety, it seems
to me, forbids it.
Here, sir, we have eighteen pages of history and
geology, and twenty-live pages of medicine, in a
book of ninety-six pages—nearly one half! I will
not dwell longer upon this as indicating the char-
. acter of the work. Nor do I undertake to assert
positively, that it is inaecurate in either history or
its medicine. But I do say, that we have no such
evidence of its accuracy, or its value, as to justify
us in printing it at great expense, and sending- it
out to the world as an authoritative basis of im-
portant calculations vitally affecting the interest of
oui constituents.
Here, then, comes up the question, what por-
tion of this work shall be printed ? Is the Senate
prepared to answer this question now? Or is it
intended that the Printing Committee shall answer
it, by deciding what shall or what shall not be
printed? As I said, when this resolution was
under consideration before, I do not think the com-
mittee qualified to make the contract as at first
proposed. Then far less qualified are they for this
additional and complicated duty of deciding upon
the character,of every part of the work.
I have submitted these remarks, in support of
the position with which 1 set out, that we have not
before us facts enough to judge of the character of
the whole work it is proposed to print, or to deter-
mine how much of it ought to be printed. With
my present impressions, if called upon to say what
part of tins book should be printed, I would at
once throw away nearly one half of it, and then
consider how much of the remainder was worth j
preserving. Would the Senate agree with me in
that? Some Senators would, I am very sure; but
there are others, u majority, probably, who would
not. How, then , is it to be settled ? If not settled .
by the Senate in advance, and the resolution j
should go to the committee, would we be author- j
ized to make the selection of the parts for publi- j
cation, and exclude the rest? Or would we be [
expected to print the whole—history, geology, j
medicine, and all, in a lump, as it comes from the
Census Office ?
I will here remind the Senate of the circum-
stances attending the preparation and passage of
the census bill. Those circumstances show that
Congress intended and determined that taking the
fcSeventh Census should be no hasty or uncon-
sidered work; but that every step inits progress,
from beginning to end, should be so carefully taken ;
as to secure accuracy, and give value to the work.
Accordingly, the first step taken was the appoint-
ment of a Oeiisus Board, composed of the high :
Executive officers of the Government, to prepare i
and submit a plan. Next, the Senate appointed a ;
splect committee of the most experienced members
of this body, to consider and report. Then the
joint labors of this Board and this committee, were !
submitted to the Senate, and here, as you well I
know, underwent a protracted, careful, and thor- !
ough discussion and revision. Having, after ma-!
tor ml modifications passed, here, it went through the j
ordeal of the other House. The law, as it stands 1
upon the statute-book, is the result of all that labor, j
That (aw directs when and how the census shall !
be taken, and the subjects to be embraced in it, '
leaving nothing m that respect to the discretion of -
secretaries, clerks, or superintendents. And it di-;
rents,also, that, when the work of collecting the pre- '
scribed information should have been completed, ,'j
then the officer in charge should arrange and sub- i!
rmt it, with a plan for publication, to tins session !'
or Congiess. And for what purpose was this
provision for its presentation to us here, made in i'
tne law? Coupled with the other provision, that ,
its printing should be left to our direction, shows
cieaily enough that it was thus reserved for our '
revision, for the purpose of insuring its accuracy, '
as t.u- as suc.i a work would be made accurate, by ■
repeated and careuil examination, not only by i
Executive officers, but by Congress itself. Now, L
sir, till tins precaution, deemed wise at the time, !
was a very unnecessary and senseless procedure,
or it is now proposed, by hurrying the adoption
of this resolution, is an exceedingly imprudent afld
improvident thing.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Smith] raised a question, and was responded to by
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] upon which I must say a word, as it
involves the action of the Printing Committee. It
is, whether this is Congressional or departmental
printing. The Senator from Connecticut says it
is departmental printing, while the Senator from
' North" Carolina says it is Congressional printing.
Mr. BADGER. I say that it is Congressional
printing, for Congress to do what it pleases with
it; but that it does not come under the contract
for Congressional printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state the opinion and
action of the Printing Committee on that point.
When this resolution was originally introduced
and sent to the committee, the contractor for the
printing for this Congress sent in a communication
claiming the census printing under his contract.
Upon the question thus presented, the committee
decided, if not unanimously, very nearly so, that
it was not such printing as the public printer could
claim under his contract, for the single but suffi-
cient reason that it was expressly reserved by the
census bill for the future direction of Congress,
and the contract had been subsequently made un-
der the general law, in view of the existence of
that express reservation in a special law. It was
not, therefore, such printing, though certainly
Congressional priming, as tile contractor could
claim; and for a similar reason, it certainly is not
departmental printing. To dispose of it now,
therefore, as Congress may determine, is but car-
rying out the law of 1850, and is neither trench-
ing- upon the rights of the public printer, nor
usurping power which belongs to any one of the
Departments.
I will, in conclusion, briefly allude to the objec-
tions I urged against this resolution, when it was
first before the Senate. I thought then, and still
think, that it imposes duties upon the Committee
on Printing which were not contemplated by the
Senate when the committee was originally organ-
ized—duties for which they are not qualified, and
which they cannot fairly or properly be called
upon to perform. These objections, it seems t8
me, are valid ones, and ought to be conclusive
against the adoption of the resolution. But, sir,
as it seems to be the determination of this body to
adopt the substanceof the resolution in some form,
and to impose those duties upon the committee,
however repugnant to us they may be, I sup-
pose submission to the Senate's decree will be-
come our duty—to be performed as best we may.
And as this must be so, 1 submit still further to
the Senate if, when we are required to begin the
work, we ought not, in common fairness, to be
allowed to finish it? I am opposed to having any
portion of this work imposed upon me; but if "I
am to be compelled to do it in part, I insist upon
doing the whole of it. If I have to make the con-
tract, I claim the privilege of seeing it properly
executed. If I am to beheld responsible, as surely
I will, and ought to be, for the character of the
contract, I ask" nothing but what is fair when I
insist that I shall be allowed to protect myself in
that responsibility, throughout tlie work, by see-
ing that it is pioperly done, as I contracted for it
to be done, and am best qualified to judge when it
is done. I say none of this in disrespect to the
Secretary of the Interior; for I have no doubt he
would have any work intrusted to him, well and
faithiuliy done; but I say it in simple justice to
myself and the committee.
The proposed amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Smith] is to separate the con-
tract for the printing from the purchase of the
paper. I do not object to the object thus sousht
to be accomplished; but I think it unnecessary*as
part of the resolution. If the committee be given
authority to contract for the work of having the
census printed, it will be entirely competent for
them under that authority to make a separate con- I
tract for the paper. X am opposed to hampering
the committee with partial instructions. If they
are to be instructed, in part, as to how the con-
tract shall be made, I ask that they shall be in-
structed in every particular. If you require this
work of them at all, let their discretion be com-
mensurate with their responsibility.
There is but one more suggestion I have to^
make, and I am done. And, in making it, I reit-
erate my opposition to the whole proceeding, but
proceed upon the supposition, now become cer-
tainty, that this resolution will be adopted in some
form. It is the only proposition I expect to offer
in the way of amendment. I will read it now for
the information of the Senate, and will offer it at a
proper time as an amendment to the resolution.
It is this;
Provided, That the contract lierein required to be made
shall be submitted to, and shall receive the ratification of
Congress, before it shall he binding upon the parties.
The reason forthis, I think, will be obvious, as
I feel sure it is asound one. It is, that those mem-
bers of the Senate who seem*so much disposed to
impose this duty upon a committee may, when
the duty shall have been performed, have the priv-
ilege of sharing its responsibility with those who
will have done the labor.
! Mr. HAMLIN. Before this part of the census
I which has now been laid upon our tables was sub-
| mitted to us for our inspection, I deemed it prema-
! turefor the Senate to lake any definite action on the
| resolution now before us. We have had laid oil
; our desks that portion of the census which com-
j prises the State of Maryland; and with that before
i us, I think we are as well prepared to act, and to
j act definitely in relation to the whole matter, as we
I dan be at any subsequent time.
J I think there has been another question mingled
| with this resolution which does not properly be-
! long to it. When it shall come properly before
i the Senate, I shall concur, as I do most cheerfully
j in nearly every word which has fallen from tlie
I lips of the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
j What shall be printed is not now the question. The
j simple question for us now to determine is: Who
i shall do it ? When that question shall have been
1 settled, I shall concur in nearly all the suggestions
that have been made by the chairman of the Com-
J mittee on Printing. When the measures shall
have been matured—when the Senate shall have
j determined in what manner the work shall be done,
i I shall offer certain instructions directory to the
Committee on Printing, in relation to their duties,
their powers, and in relation to what shall or shall
not be printed.
In my judgment there is a great portion of this
work, relating to medical statistics, that if con-
tained in it at all, may be compressed into a very
few pages. I learn that from the Superintendent
of the Census Bureau. There are other portions
which I think are inappropriately there, as I have
stated to the. Senate upon another occasion.
There are also, in my judgment, deficiencies
which should be supplied. Certainly there are
deficiencies which will apply to the section of the
Union from which I come. I think I may say to
all the New England Senators, and to some of the
Senators from other States, where the States are
divided into towns, that the whole census returns
; will be regarded as very nearly useless, unless we
1 can have the census of our States presented by
! towns. This portion of the census before us, com-
j prising the State of Maryland, is to be the sample,
| and it contains only counties. Senators will reeol-
i lect that in some portions of the Union nearly all
| the power of the State is vested in the municipal
| authorities of the towns, and, without a tabular
| statement of the census of the towns, the returns
for those States would be useless. But, as I hare
: said, these are questions not now before us, and I
; do not now propose to discuss them. After the
{ resolution shall have passed, or after some other
i method shall have been indicated by the Senate,
I 'ben I think it will be proper for the Senate to de-
i termine what shall and what shall not be printed.
I When that period shall arrive, if no one else will
j assume the duty, I shall have certain practical
< points to submit to the consideration of the Sen-
; ate, and take its opinion upon them
1 Several Senators desired that the Senate should
now adjourn.
Mr. G-WIN. I know that there is an impatience
to adjourn all round the Senate; but I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to this fact: On next
, Monday we shall have up the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Clarke,] on
: which he is going to address the Senate; to be fol-
: lowed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
! on Tuesday; and to-morrow is private bill day
i The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] has the
: floor on another question of importance on Satur-
