2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19,
newspapers, Congressional GJobe, reporting proceedings,
messengers", pages, laborers, police, horses and carryalls,
and miscellaneous items, $150,000.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 prefer this clause of the bill
as it comes from the House of Representatives,
specifying each of the items. The committee pro-
pose to put §20,000 more for contingencies. 7 hat
ought to be enough to be added, ana let each item
stand by itself. I hope the amendment will be
voted down.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no feeling in relation
to that matter; but it was thought by the Com-
.mittee on Finance that it would be more conve-
nient to keep the accounts consolidated than to
appropriate for each item specifically, as the bill,
as it comes from the House, proposes. It may
be found that there was not enough appropriated
under one head and too much under another. In
this way difficulties might arise from the spe-
cific appropriations, which would not arise if the
appropriation were made in gross, as proposed by
the committee. I, however, have no feeling about
the matter. These are the reasons which induced
the committee to report the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand this matter,
it is this: For the expenses of the Senate, the
House of Representatives have appropriated spe-
cifically for each object. The Committee on Fi-
nance propose to put the whole together, and ap-
propriate, as heretofore, an aggregate amount. I
am in favor of the proposition of the committee.
We know that occasions do arise when we are
obliged to have funds under the immediate control
of the Senate for contingent purposes. If the
specific items are put down in this way, and one
item should turn out to be too small—no matter
how much too large the others might be—you
could not control the fund at all. It will have the
effect, in my opinion, if the clause passes as it
came from the House, of greatly embarrassing the
Senate. It is going contrary to any precedent,
and I cannot see the use of it. I believe the Com-
mittee on Finance is right, and therefore I (Shall
vote for the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
under the heading " Library of Congress," to
strike out—
" For contingent expenses of aaid Library, $800;
" For purchase of books for said Library, .$•75,000,,,
—and inserting, in lieu thereof, the following:
To defray freight and other expenses incurred under the
act to regulate the exchange of certain rlocuments and other
publication*, approved June 2Ctli, 1848, the sum of $1,000 ;
and that the said act is hereby repealed.
For purchase of books for said Library, and contin-
gent oxpenseh thereof, and for the purchase of furniture for
the same, $'40,000.
For continuing the preparation and publication of the
works of the Exploring Expedition, including the expenses
of the gr^ea hou>w, and for rhe settlement of arrears due on
the erection of said green-house, $-25,000.
Mr. BRADBURY. I call for a division of the
question.
Mr. HUNTER. These amendments are at
the suggestion of the Committee on the Library.
The chairman of that committee can explain them.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
were under the impression that an appropriation
of $40,000 would be sufficient for books for the
Library. Cut that reduction was so strongly ob-
jected to by the members of the Library Commit-
tee on the part of the House, that we finally agreed
to recommend to the Senate to reinstate the amount
proposed by the House. I therefore move to
amend the amendment, by increasing the appro-
priation for books for the Library from $440,000 to
#75,000.
Mr. BORLAND. If I understood the amend-
ment of the committee, it contains an appropriation
for continuing the publication of the works of the
Exploring Expedition. That has been in progress
almost ever since I was born. I think the appro-
priations for its publication were about the first of
which I ever read. I do not know where it is to
end. I would like to have some explanation to
know whether there is to be any limit to it.
Mr. PEARCE. I will endeavor to give the
Senator an explanation. In the year 1843, when
the Exploring Expedition returned from theSouth
Seas, Congress passed an act directing the results
of that expedition to be prepared for publication,
and to be printed. They went so far as to spe-
cify the particular style in which the works should
begotup, and that the example of the work should
be the great French voyage of the Astrotabe and
Zelee. The Committee on the Library, thus au-
thorized and required, proceeded to make contracts
for the publication, not only of the Narrative of
the Expedition—which has been done—but vari-
ous scientific reports which were to be made by
scientific men employed in the expedition, or by
others competent to describe these collections.
These scientific reports relate to almost every
branch of natural science—to all the branches of
natural history—to hydrography and meteorology,
and the physical characteristics of races. We
have published one work upon corals and zo-
ophytes—a work which is of the very highest au-
thority with men of science in this country. It was
a great desideratum in that line of knowledge; and
it has been pronounced by the most celebrated ge-
ologists as being one of the most admirable books
ever published in that department of science.
Then we have published a work on ethnology, and
philology, which has been supplied by Mr. Hale.
Another work has been published on the physical
races of men—a work somewhat similar in its
character to the great work of Pritchard. It is
estimated of so much value, that in England it
has been republished in a cheap edition, by Bohn.
The first edition has already been exhausted, and
another has been called for, and is now in the
course of execution. Then we have provided
another work upon the ornithology and mam-
malogy of the expedition. We have another
upon the geology of the cruise; and a volume on
meteorology has been published.
We have made contracts for the publication of
other scientific reports; for example, we have a
contract pending with Dr. Gray, the first botanist
of the United States. Mr. Breckinridge has been
employed, and has nearly completed, a work on
the Ferns. Professor Bailey, of West Point, has
been employed on the mathematical department.
Dr. Gould and Mr. Drayton have been employed
upon a volume of conchology, which has been
printed. So, sir, from time to time, we have been
publishing these works, and preparing others for
the press.
Several of them are nearly completed. Con-
tracts are outstanding for the publication of most of
them. I believe in two years they can be entirely
completed^ but certainly, as the committee were
instructed by law to cause them to be prepared
and to be printed, they had no discretion but to
do so after the style of the French work, which
the law made the standard. They have, in order
to save expense, made contracts by which they
think the burden upon the Treasury will be les-
sened. Instead of employing some scientific gen-
tlemen at annual salaries, they thought it better
to make contracts for specific sums. Those con-
tracts have been made and must be fulfilled. The
Government cannot creditably stop the payment
for that which has been executed in whole or in
part. If gentlemen think there is any abuse in
this thing—that the work has continued a greater
length of time than is proper, let them compare
it with those published in other countries, and see
whether this publication is not more extensive,
more valuable than any similar one which has
ever been executed under the auspices of any
other Government. But if the result should be
unfavorable-—which I apprehend will not be the
case—then let Congress, by law, repeal the act of
1842, and make a provision for the satisfaction of
the contracts which are existing under the law.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not rise for the purpose
of objecting to what had been done in this matter,
or for the purpose of calling in question the legality
and propriety of what the Joint Committee on the
Library had done. Nor did I rise for the purpose
of casting any imputation upon the character of
the work, to deny that it was valuable, or any-
thing of the sort. But I did rise for the purpose
of getting such information as the Senator from
Maryland has very kindly furnished. I have no
doubt that the work is a valuable one. 1 have
no doubt that the Committee on the Library have
faithfully and judiciously performed the duties
required of them by law m that regard. But this
is the fact in regard to myself, and I do not know
how many other Senators may be in the same
situation. I have only just seen this work; and I
do not know what use is to be made of it after it
is published. The usual custom, I believe, has
been, when a work has been published under
order of Congress, that it shall, by some means or
other, come into the possession of those by whom,
and for whose use it was supposed to be pub-
lished. 1 do not know where this work is. 1 do
not know how much it costs a year. It is cer-
tainly a fair question to be submitted to either
House of Congress, whether it is regarded as suf-
ficiently valuable to be continued—whether it is
worth the money which has already been paid for
it. I take a great interest in all objects of science.
I am as desirous to see them prosecuted judicious-
ly, ably, and successfully as any one; but I can-
not say I am prepared to go quite as far as this
system seems to have gone already. I do not
know that 1 am prepared, as a member of Con-
gress, to engage the Government in the work of
collecting materials and publishing books in every
branch of science—geology, ornithology, ethnolo-
gy, conchology, and a great many others, the
names of which I do not recall just at this moment.
I desired, however, when I rose, to get information
as to what had been done with this matter, so that
Congress and thecoun try might know what was the
character of the work that had been done in regard
to it—and be able to form an opinion as to whether
we should have any more of it. If there have
been contracts made under the law, of course we
are bound to meet them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I have
looked a Uttle into this subject, and with a number
of other gentlemen, I have come to the conclusion
that this publication ought certainly shortly to
come to an end. This Exploring Expedition was
out four years collecting information, and it has
been about nine years publishing the results. We
are told that this is to be continued two years
longer. That will be eleven years to publish what
it took these gentlemen four years to collect. That
looks somewhat unreasonable.
When we come to look at the amounts which
have been heretofore appropriated for this pur-
pose, we must also come to the conclusion that
the sums which have been received are unreason-
able, and that this is a book-making job. I do
not design to cast any imputation whatever on the
committee which has had it in charge. The law
gave them their directions. I think the project
was improperly originated, and that many of those
connected with it have taken a great while to make
the publication.
On the 3d of March, 1843, $20,000 were appro-
priated for this object. On the 3d of March, 1845,
$10,000 were appropriated "for completing the pub-
lication of the work on the Exploring Expedition,
including the printing of an extra number of charts.''
So that in 1845, in the appropriation bill, we made
an appropriation of $10,000 for completing this
publication. And now, in 1852, we have an item
proposed to be inserted in the appropriation bill
of $25,000 for doing the same thing. I am a little
like the Senator from Arkansas. I want to know
where this thing is to be ended ? And in order to
get some information upon this subject, and to
draw the attention of the Senate and of the coun-
try to it, I ask thein to look at the appropriations
which have heretofore been made. In 1846,
|30,000 were appropriated; in 1847, $15,000; in
1848, $30,753. In the appropriation bill of the
3d of March, 1849, I find two items of $15,000
each for this object, making $30,000 for that year.
In 1850, $29,000 were appropriated. In 1851,
$25,000 more were appropriated for continuing the
preparation and publication of the works of the
Exploring Expedition, including the pay of the
scientific corps, &c., and for printing, paper, and
other contracts under the law of 1842 author-
izing the preparation and publication of the works.
Why, sir, it seems to enlarge every year. These
sums, in the whole, amount to $185,753 for the
publication of this work.
The Exploring Expedition was out four years,
and it has taken nine years, at a cost to the coun-
try of over $185,000, to publish the results of
their explorations in those four years. Yet, now,
$25,000 more are asked for the continuation of the
publication. With the Senator from Arkansas, I
want to know how long this is to be continued? I
have given the Senate the total amount of appro-
priations for this object. That amount, I believe,
does not include the expenses of sending out the
expedition. I have thought it proper to bring
these facts thus briefly to the notice of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am exceedingly
glad to find that at least somebody else besides
