1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2253
myself has given attention to this subject. Ever
since I have had the honor of holding a seat on
the floor of the Senate, I have steadily and uni-
formly voted againstall these appropriations, and,
in my feeble way, have endeavored to expose
them. But I have been gratified, as we all have
been this morning, by the very able, learned, and
accomplished chairman of the Committee on the
Library, [Mr. Pearce,] who has given us a dis-
sertation upon the usefulness and value of these
scientific works. Now, I am going to hazard an
opinion. It may be rash, and-perhaps—I had
almost said—I may hazard but little in making it.
But I venture the assertion, that of all the hum-
bugs that have ever been imposed upon the world
in the shape of scientific matter, the Exploring Ex-
pedition of the United States of America will stand
out a gigantic pyramid, so far as it has done any-
thing pertinent to the purposes of an exploring
expedition.
That the committee, under the law, or under
their construction of it, have engaged on a great
many of these scientific works men who never
saw the country to which this expedition was
sent, and never went near enough to the sea-shore
to dig a clam, I do not doubt. Such men have
been employed to write scientific works on eth-
nology and conchology, and all other kinds of
ologies in the world; and they may have got up
beautiful books, illustrated with splendid prints.
I do not doubt it. But it might just as well have
come in under any other department asunder the
Exploring Expedition. They may have brought
home specimens of mineralogy, and conchology,
and botany, and ethnology, and so on, to the end
of the chapter; and they may have enlisted a corps
of scientific men in this country to write essays
and illustrations upon them. But I do not under-
stand that to be the pertinent and proper work of
an exploring expedition. Nor do I suppose it
was such a work as the men who framed the ori-
ginal law had in view. I suppose they had some
idea of exploring expeditions from what they had
read of the voyages and travels of men in other
times who made exploring expeditions—such men
as Captain Cook and Christopher Columbus.
How many ethnologists, conchologists, and mam-
malogists, and mineralogists did they take with
them ? Did they have such a corps employed for
ten or twelve years after them at an expense of
$20,000 or $30,000 a year—not to bring forth the
results of the investigation, but to publish essays
and treatises upon them ?
The honorable Senator from Arkansas says,
that so little was the work known, that it was
only by accident that he came across it. Now, if
so scientific and learned a man as the Senator
from Arkansas had his attention directed to this
subject by the merest accident, how do you sup-
pose these publications have reached the eye of
the great mass of the people who do not move in
his sphere—men most likely to be benefited by
things really practical ?
I beg the honorable Senator from Maryland not
to understand me as saying anything disrespect-
ful or discourteous to him. I believe he did once
consider that some remarks made by me, on a
certain occasion, bore that character. I would
rather never open tny mouth, from now to the day
I go to my grave, than be guilty of saying or doing
anything which might be disrespectful or dis-
courteous to him. But I believe this thing is en-
tirely and totally wrong, and that the best way—
I wish the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
would give his attention to it-—will be to draw up
some amendment which will stop the thing, and
stop it now. There is no other way to do it.
Let the honorable Senator from Maryland, who
is at the head of the Committee on the Library,
tell us how much is necessary to redeem the pub-
lic faith, so far as any contracts have been mode
under the law, and pay that amount. I shall be
glad to do it. I would pay to stop the publication
rather than pay to have it continued; because 1
do not believe that it is in pursuance of the inten-
tion of the law that authorized this expedition.
Now, sir, I have a single word to say about the
other part of the amendment as to the cutting
down of the appropriation for books for the Li-
brary from $75,000 to $40,000. There are $35,000
proposed to be cut off from that source, and
$25,000 of that amount are to go towards, contin-
xting the publication of the works of the Exploring
Expedition.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to
the Senator that there is a motion pending, made
by the Senator from Maryland, to amend that
section by striking out $40,000 and inserting
$75,000, so as to leave the amount as it originally
stood—#75,000.
Mr. HALE. I am glad of it; but as I am upon
the subject 1 will ask a question. If you take the
money you have expended upon the works of the
Exploring Expedition, I th ink I am not at a loss to
say that you can purchase the largest and most
valuable library that there is upon this continent.
There is not a library on the continent of North
America that may not be bought—or one equal to
it in the value of the works, and the number of
the works—with the sums that have been squan-
dered upon this Exploring Expedition. I ask,
then, if it is politic or proper to limit the one to
enlarge the other ?
Having stated these objections, I leave the mat-
ter to the Senator from Pennsylvania, and hope
he will make some proposition by which we can
have an end put to the Exploring Expedition.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state again
that the present proposition is to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $40,000 and inserting $75,000
for the Libraiy of Congress, which does not re-
late to the question which is being discussed with
regard to the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. PEARCE. I am aware, sir, that there-
marks of the Senator from New Hampshire were
not applicable particularly to the proposition be-
fore the Senate; but as he has indulged in them I
may be allowed a few words of reply.
I beg leave to say that this Exploring Expedition
was sent out for two objects; first, to make sur-
veys of islands and coasts, some of which were
altogether, and others almost unknown, for the
benefit of our whale fisheries and the commerce
on the Pacific ocean. Combined with this pur-
pose was another, which was to advantage and
benefit science. It was supposed that the United
State Government, as well as all other nations,
owed a debt to the advancement of science, and
that it would redeem, or partly redeem, that obli-
gation by connecting with this Exploring Expedi-
tion a scientific corps, whose duty it should be to
make collections in all branches of natural history.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
suppose that we collected in four years materials
which, strangely enough, require some ten or
twelve years to be reduced into proper form for
publication. He seems to suppose, also, that
those engaged in the preparation of these publica-
tions were not engaged in the collection of the ma-
terials. Therein he is entirely mistaken. Mr.
Dana, for example, the geologist, who has written
two of the most valuable works, which I have
already named, was with the expedition all the
time. Mr. Drayton, who was concerned in the
preparation of the conchology of the expedition,
was with it all the time. So was Mr. Hale, the
philologist, who wrote a work on ethnography.
So was Mr. Pickering, who has written a work
on the races of men; and so were several others
of the employees.
Mr. HALE. Messrs. Bailey and Gould were
not with the expedition.
Mr. PEARCE. Messrs. Bailey and Gould
were not; but then it must be recollected that
there were many persons employed who were good
field naturalists, who were competent to make col-
lections in different branches of science, but who
might not be competent to describe those collec-
tions. It requires a very high and rare degree of
skill to describe new objects in these recherche sci-
ences, for so they are. We are obliged, when we
obtain the materials, to employ competent persons
to prepare them for publication. The Senator, I
presume, would not have had incompetent persons
employed. We employed the only men in the
country whom we could get, who were competent
to make proper descriptions of those new objects
of science, and to discriminate them from those
which were known before. The purpose was not
to write essays or treatises. There has been
nothing in the shape of a treatise conn ected with the
expedition, unless it may be the work of Mr.
Pickering on the races of men. Everything else
published, connected with the expedition, wasbut
a description of new objects of natural history;
and, in order to do that, the minutest knowledge
of the different branches of those sciences was
absolutely requisite.
Now, as to the time employed. I stated before,
that similar expeditions in other countries have
required greater time, even, than that consumed
in spreading the results of this expedition before
the public; and this expedition has accomplished
more than any foreign expedition which has been
sent out.
The amount of money expended has been large
to be sure, but no such work can be executed with-
out the expenditure of a large amount of money.
The mere engraving of the plates necessary to
illustrate these objects, is the largest part of the
expense, and without them everything else is
valueless. I presume Congress knew—if they did
not they ought to have known—when they devised
this law, that a very large sum of money would
be required, because the experience of all countries
was open to them, and they might have known,
if they had chosen to examine, that the expense
would be great; and if they did not examine, their
own negligence—I will not say their own igno-
rance—is to blame.
Now, as to the value of these publications, I am
very sure that no member of the Senate—and I
make no odious discrimination—is entirely com-
petent to venture an opinion as to their true value.
Those only are competent to form an opinion of
their value, who are acquainted with the sciences
of which they treat. I believe that they are worth
everything which they have cost us, if we value
these matters according to the standard which the
experience of other nations has set up.
The Committee on the Library had no desire to
prolong the execution of the works. They had
every desire to hasten their completion. They
have taken a vast deal of trouble—for which I be-
lieve they have not had due credit—in order to
have the work completed within a reasonable time,
and reduce the expenses as much as possible.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, when the
amendment of the Committee on Finance was read,
I called for a division of the question, in order that
we might have the sense of the Senate separately
upon that portion of it which relates to the publi-
cation of the works of the Exploring Expedition.
I hope that we may have a division of the ques-
tion. But I understand that the motion now pend-
ing, is to amend the amendment of the Finance
Committee, by striking out the proposed sum of
$40,000 for the purchase of books for the Library,
and to substitute $75,000.
The PRESIDENT. That is the proposition.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that proposition
will not be adopted. It appears that the Senate
Committee on the Library were of opinion that
$40,000 were all that would be required at the pres-
ent time. I conversed some weeks since with a
very well-informed gentleman on the subject, who
told me that $30,000, in addition to the amount
already appropriated, would be sufficient, in his
judgment, to purchase a better library than that
which we had before, and that that amount would
be a liberal appropriation at the present time. Un-
doubtedly we shall have to make another appro-
priation next year, or theyearafter; and itappears
to me that $30,000 is quite as much as we shall
need for the present at least. "We shall want
something to fit up the Library. How many thou-
sand dollars will be required for that purpose?
I do not know, but I believe, if the amount of
J40,000 is retained, it will be etiough to fit up the
Library, and to purchase all the honks that will be
needed to be purchased between this and the next
session of Congress. If not, I am willing to in-
crease the amount for fitting up the Library room.
I hope the amount of $40,000, as proposed by the
Committee on Finance, will remain.
A few words now as to the other portion of the
amendment. I desire to say, that ever since I
have been in the Senate, whenever the appropri-
ation for continuing the works of the Exploring
Expedition has been before us, we have been led
to suppose that we were nearly through—that we
were approaching the end. It is obvious that so
long as we make these appropriations, we shall
never reach the end, because it is perfectly com-
petent to employ scientific authors who know
nothing practically, except what they may have
derived from books. I hope, therefore, that an
end will be put to this matter, and that we will
strike out the appropriation for continuing the
preparation and publication of the works of the
Exploring Expedition, and that we shall incor-
porate into this bill a provision declaring that all
