1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
day. If we do not come to a vote on this resolu-
tion to-day, we shall postpone action upon it to an
almost indefinite time, I hope that we shall have
something approaching a test vote before we ad-
journ. We can have something like a test vote to
see whether it is the sense of the Senate that this
work shall be given to the particular individuals
named in the resolution. Jf that is settled we can
go into the details hereafter. I hope, therefore, be-
fore the Senate adjourns we shall have a test vote.
Mr. PEARCE next obtained the floor, but
yielded it, at the solicitation of Senators, and,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOtSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 5, 1852.
The House met pursuantto adjournment. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
memorial of John W. Horton, and forty other
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the abolition by
Congress of the national chaplaincy system.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. PARKER moved a suspension of the rules
for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in or-
der to-day.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th of June, 1853,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time by its title, committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE STATE OF INDIANA.
Mr. LOCKIIART, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Indiana, which were re-
ferred to the appropriate committees, as indicated
below:
A joint resolution instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives in Congress from
that State to procure a site for a national armory
on the waters of the Ohio river at Evansville,
within the State of Indiana; referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Afiahs.
A joint resolution in relation to constructing a
canal around the Falls of the Ohio river; referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
A joint resolution relative to granting public
lands to settlers; referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
A joint resolution for the purpose of obtaining
from the General Governn>ent a grant of unsold
lands in the ymcennes district, Indiana, for the
benefit of common schools; referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that therules b&'sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself/nto a \\
Committee of the Whole upon thp speciakwders. j1
The question was then taken, and t\J motion \
agreed to. j
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS. j
The House accordingly resolved itself into the |
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, upon the special orders, (Mr. Olds in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the special order, being Senate bill
No. 146, making land warrants assignable, and
for other purposes. The gentleman from Indiana '
[Mr. Brentox] is entitled to the floor from yester- ;j
day. '!
Mr. BRENTON. I do not wish to consume [|
the full time allotted to mc under the rule m the
further discussion of this question. At the close ,■
nf my remarks yesterday, I was about to state i
that in addition to the peculiar facts connected I
with the question underdiscussion, and apart from i
those facts, I placed myself in regard to the third j
section of this bill upon the higher ground—di- ;
rected to the importance and propriety of the pas- ;
sage of the bill as it is—that the law by which our '
land officers are organized, and which fixes the
compensation of these officers, is sufficient, to my I
mind, to justify them in receiving now that for |
which they have heretofore labored. I believe that j
it is a well-settled principle of the law regulating
contracts between individuals, that where one man
renders service for another, and at Ins request, that
the person rendering the service shall be compen-
sated for his labor, according to the terms of the
contract made between them; and that if no spe-
cific contract is made, then the compensation shall
be according to the nature and value of the service
rendered, which is generally determined by the
custom of the country.
Now, if we are disposed to apply this rule to
the case before us, how will the matter stand ?
Here are one hundred and thirty-six men, who
have been employed by theGovernment, to perform
certain and specific duties, duties which are essen-
tial to the execution and administration of your
laws, in refeiertce to the disposition of the public
domain. These duties have been faithfully per-
formed; and being satifactory, they are accepted by
the Government. This no $ne will deny. This
much being admitted, what is our next duty ? Why
simply to ascertain the amount of compensation
these employees of the Government are entitled to
receive.
Then the question arises, how shall this be as-
certained? My answer is, according to the law
authorizing their employment, and fixing the com-
pensation for their services. What is that law?
It is provided that each register and receiver shall
receive an annual salary of $500, and a commis-
sion of one per cent, on their receipts. Noth-
ing can be plainer than this. Would not a jury
of the country decide without hesitation, that they
were entitled to their commission on all the lands
disposed of by them, by virtue of their authority
from the Government? And yet there aie gentle-
men here who think and say—no doubt honestly
—that for more than half of the labor they have
performed they shall receive nothing at all. Why
is this? Is it because there is any law prohibiting
it? I understand that some gentlemen are under
the impression, that the acts of Congress author-
izing the issue and location of land warrants pro-
hibit this compensation. This isa mistake; there is
no such prohibition. Why, then, has the com-
pensation been withheld? Simply because the
Department, in their cautious and vigilant guar-
dianship over the public Treasury, have decided
against it. And these claims come here in the na-
ture of an appeal from that decision; and all that is
required of you is to give the express authority
to the proper officers to investigate and allow the
claims according to the facts of each case.
But it is contended, that there is not sufficient
data from which the Commissioner can determine
the amount of theseclaims. Certainly those who
urge this objection have not made themselves f  mil-
iar with the operations of our land system and
land offices. Every register is required to report
to the General Land Office monthly, and to furnish
an abstract of local ions made, with the names of the
persons locating, distinguishing between the war-
rantee and assignee. By taking these abstracts,
and deducting from the assigned warrants the
amount received under the authority of the act of
1848, the residue is the amount to which tjiese
officers are entitled.
But it is said that these officers have piofited by
receiving illegal fees. Well, this bill is sufficient-
ly guarded on that point, for it provides that no
officer who shall be proved to have received any
fees not allowed by law, shall be entitled to any
compensation by virtue of the provisions of this
act.
I shall close with these additional remarks, that
if the General Government authorizes its officers
to dispose of the public domain fur a valuable con-
sideration, whether that consideration be cash or
its equivalent, it cannot consistently withhold prop-
er remuneration from its officers.
Suppose that the acts of 1847 and 1S50, instead
of authoring the issue of land warrants,had given
to the soldiers military scrip, to be received m pay-
ment for public lands, would the officers have been
compensated for exchanging the public lands for
this kind of paper? Certainly; and such has been
the practice of the Government; and yet this scrip
is not cash. Such scrip is nowissued and received
j in payment for public lands. My argument, in
j short, is this: that where the Government officers
| are required to dispose of the public lands for cash
i or its equivalent, they are entitled to full compen-
! sation for their services.
Aland warrant is a demand against theGovern-
ment, and in one sense-*-aml that an important
one—equivalent to cash; therefore the officers are
entitled to compensation for locating a land war-
rant. I present my amendment to the third sec-
tion, and hope that the committee will adopt it,
and with it recommend the passage of the Senate
bill.
Mr. YATES said: I wish to speak upon two
sections of the Senate bill. It seems to me that a
simple statement of the facts, is all that is neces-
sary to determine the action of this House in al-
lowing to the registers and receivers the compensa-
tion they ask. This House, 1 am sure, would not
willingly do an act of deliberate injustice, nor
would it omit to do an act of positive justice. If
the members of this House are satisfied that the
compensation of legisters and receivers has been,
and is now, and in the future is likely to be, inad-
equate, then, sir, it would be an imputation upon
the sense of justice of this House to intimate that
it would withhold fair and honest compensation.
What are the focts? We -have the petitions of
registers and receivers before us, stating that their
compensation is entiieJy inadequate. They show
to us that their stated compensation is a salary of
$500, and a commission of one per cent, on cash
sales, and that from this sum is to be deducted
clerk-hire, office-rent, fuel, and incidental expenses.
They tell us that the compensation of locating
warrants does not amount to a sufficient sum to
pay clerks, which they are compelled to keep for
that service, and the duties of which cannot be
performed without clerks. They also inform us
that the service of locating warrants is four or five
times as great as when the lands are entered with
cash; that in the location of each warrant, the
registers and recuivei s ha\ e to examine every war-
rant, and the assignments on the same—to examine
the petition, affidavits, certificates, and powers of
attorney where they are located by an agent of the
grantee, to make the entries upon the several books
of his office, to forward his abstracts to Washing-
ton, &c. And we are truly told, that m many dis-
tricts since the passage of the bounty land laws of
1847, the entries with cash are comparatively few.
These entries are made with land warrants, so
that the land officers are deprived almost entirely
of the one per cent, commission to which they
are entitled on actual cash sales. And we are now
about to enact that these 'land warrants shall be
made assignable. This will bring them into the
market in large quantities; they will find their way
to the different land offices, and almost every entry
will be made with warrants. There are very few
men who will plank down the gold and silver at
the rate of $200 for a hundred and sixty acres of
laud when they can buy a warrant for $80 or $100,
and with that buy the same quantity of land.
Thus, sir, we see that the inevitable effect of
making-these warrants assignable will be to render
that part of the law which gives one per cent,
commission on actual cash entries almost a nulli-
ty, leaving the land officer with the salary of $500,
and a trifling compensation out of the commis-
sion, from which are to be deducted clerk-hire,
office-rent, fuel, and incidental expenses.
I will refer the House to facts and figures, which
I have obtained m answer to a letter addressed to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and which will show to this House that the past
and present registeis and receivers in the land
office at Springfield, Illinois, have not received an
adequate compensation for their services.
Between the passage of the act of February 11th,
1847, and the 33st of October, 1851, a period of
four years and eight months, the number of mil-
itary bounty land warrants located in the district
. of lands subject to sale at Springfield, Illinois, was
j 1983; of this number 1800 were assigned warrants,
i upon which the register and receiver received fifty
cents on each warrant. Thus in a period of four
I years and eight months, the register and.receiver
[ each received for thelocatingof assigned land war-
| rants, the sum of £900, or ot the rate of £2*25 per
; annum. In the same period of four years and eight
i months, the amount of cash received from the sales
of the public lands at the same office, was &102s594,
j upon which the commission of one per cent, would
1 be >U,0*25; or at theratcof ^256 per year. Now add
! the <235 received upon assigned land warrants, and
1 the ^256, the commission received on cash sales,
to the stated compensation of ^500, and we .find
: that the whole sum received by the register and
| receiver for each year-since-the passage-el the act-
