1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
upon a division, there were—ayes 73, noes 14; no
quorum voting.
Mr. DUNHAM demanded tellers; but only
16 rising, they were not ordered.
Mr. COBB. Then we shall be obliged to have
a call of the House. I ask for a recount.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and upon a second di-
vision there were—ayes 76, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and Breckenridge
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee.
Mr. BELL. I rise simply to make an inquiry.
Will the committee proceed vvitk the consideration
of the Senate bill, or is the House bill now under
consideration?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the House bill has not been before the committee.
Mr. BELL. I desire to say something upon
this subject, but it is upon the House bill that I
wish to speak.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to ask if an amend-
ment has been made to this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass; and that the com-
mittee do then proceed to the consideration of the
House bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Indiana will move that the Senate bill be
laid aside for the present in order to give him an
opportunity to make his speech, I will^ vote for
his motion; but if he moves to lay it aside to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do not pass, I cannot go with him. 1 am
for striking out all of the bill except the first sec-
tion, and of passing it in that form.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will vary my motion to
suit the gentleman. I move that the bill be laid
aside for the present.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I propose to amend the first
section by adding, as a proviso, the sixth section
of the bill reported by the select committee, which
will allow these bounty land warrants to be lo-
cated upon any land subject to private entry.
The first section of the Senate bill is as follows,
vizc
"Be it enacted, 4'c., That all warrants for military boun-
ty land, which have been or may hereafter be issued under
any law of the United States, and all valid locations of the
same, which have been, or may hereafter be made, are
hereby declared to be assignable, by deed or instrument of
writing, made and executed at'tet the taking effect of this
act, according to such form, and pursuant 10 such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, so as to vest the assignee with all the
rights ot the original owneis of the warrant or location :
Provided, That any person entitled to preemption right to
any land, shall he entitled to use any such land wariant m
payment of the same, at the rate of $1 per acre, ibr the
quantity of land therein specified." .
Mr. MASON. My amendment is to add at the
end of this section the following:
Provided, That the warrants which have been, or may
hereafter be issued, in pursuance of said act or of this act,
may be located upon any lands of the United State* subject
to private entry at the time of such location, at the mini-
mum price.
Mr. CLARK. Is the House bill now 'under
consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, it is not. But the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] proposes
to amend the first section of the Senate bill, by
annexing thereto, by way of proviso, the sixth
section of the bill reported by the select committee
as a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. MASON. The object of it is simply to
allow these bounty land warrants to be located
upon any of the lands of the United States instead
of being confined to the refuse lands which have
been picked over for years past. That is the ob-
ject of the amendment. Now, I would state that
the first section of this bill, with the amendment I
propose, is all that is necessary for the House, at
this time, to pass. And I would briefly givea
few reasons for it. The first section of this bill
proposes to do that which every member here is
instructed by his constituents to do—merely to
make these bounty land warrants assignable. The
law, as originally passed, as we understood, and
as those who passed it understood it, left these
bounty land warrants assignable. The Secretary
of the Interior gave the law a different construc-
tion. At the first of the last session of Congress
my colleague [Mr. Caldwell] introduced the res-
olution to make land warrants assignable; it passed
this House by an overwhelming majority; and it
went to the Senate, which body let it sleep to the
end of the session, and it was finally lost for want
of time. We passed another resolution at this
session of Congress muking these warrants as-
signable; it was sent to the Senate, and came back
here, loaded down with a whole mass of amend-
ments. Now, I have heard it said that there were
those who, had they been present when the Lord's
Prayer and Decalogue were made, would have
moved amendments thereto.
This is a simple, plain bill, merely to make these
warrants assignable; and that other provision
which I oiler here now is to make them subject
to location upon all the lauds of the United States.
This is what the country look to us to do, and
this is what they desire us to do.
Now, with regard to the payment of registers
and receivers, I have no. time to say anything, ex-
cept briefly this: that I have been informed that
they would not suffer, their families would not
suffer, and that they are not in such a state of suf-
fering as requires that this bill should not be de-
layed. If their claims are just, let them be taken
up separately and referred to an appropriate com-
mittee for investigation, and if they are entitled to
compensation, pay them; but do not hang a pro-
vision to pay them on to a meritorious bill, which
everybody is in favor of, and which the whole
country demands that-we shall pass. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] wants to ap-
propriate some $300,000 to these land offices. I
have not examined the question, but have no doubt
if they are entitled to a greater amount of com-
pensation than they have received that the House
will pass a bill for their relief. If, indeed, these
registers and receivers, who are receiving at least
$500 a year from the Government, are suffering,
surely these old soldiers, who have received the
mere pittance of a bounty land warrant, and who
are generally in a poor condition—much poorer
than the registers and receivers—demand at our
hands immediate action on this subject.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the amendment will
not be made; though if Lhat provision were in this
section, I should have 110 particular objection to it.
I do not think it important one way or the other;
but I shall vote against it, because I desire to see
the Seriate bill, which has been well, carefully,
and considerately prepared and adjusted, go
through the House with the least possible amend-
ment; for if amended in any material respect—as
for instance as indicated by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who proposes to strike
out all but the first section—it stands no chance of
going through the Senate again. And if we pass
this bill through the House in any shape—which
I trust we shall not—which denies to registers and
receivers any future or any past reasonable com-
pensation for the services which they perform in
locating these warrants, I have no hope at all that
it can pass the Senate. I have taken especial pains
to understand how these things are in the Senate.
Therefore I am opposed to this amendment, and
I shall be opposed to all other amendments of a
material character which may be offered to the
bill. I shall be opposed to the bill itself, unless it
provides not only for the payment of the land offi-
cers in future, but a fair compensation, to be de-
termined at the head of Departments in Washing-
ton, for those who have already performed these
services without pay—services which they never
would have consented to perform had they not
had reasonable expectation that Congress would
do justice by them. These registers and receivers
were entitled to one per cent, upon the moneys re-
ceived in payment for public lands. At that a
large portion of these receivers and registers, and
especially in the older settled parts of the new
States, barely made a living. When you passed this
law, scattering like leaves in autumn land warrants
all over the country, they took the place of cash,
and speculators went and entered lands with these
warrants, thus depriving the registers and receiv-
ers of the per cent, which they were authorized
to receive before, and which hardly compensated
them at the time. They held on, year after year,
in the expectation, from the frequent movements
which were made here upon this subject, that
Congress would provide a compensation to them
for those services. Some of them have not re-
ceived as much as $200 a year over and above the
expense of clerk hire. Now here comes in a bill
—a sensible bill—passed through the Senate with
great care and deliberation, providing in future
that these officers shall be compensated for the
services which they may render, and it is pro-
posed, at once, to strike from the bill those essen-
tial features—which are really everything in it—
and which ought to entitle the bill to the especial
regard of the House;—to strike from it that pro-
vision which makes compensation to receivers and
registers, and leave those officers to resign their
places—as many of them, I am well assured, will
—unprovided for; and thus to let those offices
become vacant. Let no man pretend to say there
is no such probability. I tell you, sir, that if
Congress signifies its determination not to com-
pensate these officers for the services they render
m locating these warrants, there are officers in the
West who will be compelled to resign, and there
are no competent men who will be found to take
their places.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The second section is not
under discussion; the motion is, therefore, not
now in order.
Mr. HALL. I wish to offer an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mason] as follows:
ccProvvicd further, That when said warrants shall be
located upon lands which are subject to entry at a gieater
minimum than one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
the locators of said wan ants shall payto iheUnued States,
in cash, the difterenee between the value of such warrants
at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, and the tract of
latul located on."
I suppose it is only necessary to explain the
object of this amendment very briefly, in order to
gain for it the favorable consideration of this com-
mittee. We have heretofore—an d I hope we shall
hereafter—made grants of land for the purpose of
internal improvement, in all of which grants we
have stipulated that each alternate section shall be
raised to double the minimum price, viz: two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre. Now, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mason,] authorizes warrants to be located
upon all lands subject to private entry. Hence,
if my amendment is not adopted, the holders of
land warrants can locate them upon reserved sec-
tions as well as upon other public lands. I am
willing that holders of land warrants shall locate
upon these reserved sections; but 1 think that
when they do so their warrants should pass at
only one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; so
that if the holder of a warrant of one hundred
and sixty acres wishes to enter an eighty acre re-
served tract—the minimum price of which is two
dollars and fifty cents per acre—he may do so
with his hundred and sixty acre warrant. But if
he wishes to enter one hundred and sixty acres of
reserved land, then I think it is proper that he
should pay to the United States the difference be-
tween the value of his warrant at one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre and the value of this
tract located upon at two dollars and fif'ts cents per
acre. That is the whole object I have in view in
offering my amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky. I think it is unneces-
sary to explain it any further.
Mr. MASON. The amendment reported by
the select committee, I conceive, embraces the-
same thing that the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Hall] desires to accomplish by his amend-
ment. But if it does not make it plain I have no
objection to his amendment, and it is a proper one.
Those who locate the reserved lands, the mini-
mum price of which is two dollars and fifty cents
per acre, should pay the difference to the Govern-
ment.
I witl make a remark in relation to this subject,
to show the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis-
sell,] and those gentlemen who are interesting
themselves in the payment of these registers and
receivers, and which I hope will satisfy them of
the fact, that this bill has not been well digested in
the Senate. I have not been upon any land com-
mittee, or upon anythirfg connected with public
