1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
perhapn, $3,000,000 to be provided for by the bill,
as it came from the House of Representatives,
this amendment itself proposes to appropriate lit-
tle less than $7,000,000; and thus makes, alto-
gether, an appropriation of some ^10,000,000 that
we are called upon to pass! They will not per-
mit even those features which properly belong to
the bill, and which constitute a deficiency, to be
acted upon. However reluctant,therefore, I may
be, to occupy the time of the Senate upon any sub- \
ject, I feel it due to myself, and. to my constitu- !
ents, when it is proposed to take $7,000,000 out !
of the Treasury of the United States, for what I i
believe to be an improper purpose, to state, as j
fully as they may occur to me, the objections |
which I think lie to the proposition, and which I |
think should defeat it. ;
Sir, I am quite unwilling to occupy the time of '
the Senate this morning, because i supposed it wps |
the general understanding, that the Senate would '
hear the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass;] and j
I know that he has come with his notes and pa- ;
pers, for the purpose of presenting his views upon i
the proposed Indian appropriations. i
Besides, I think there has never been an instance I
before, when a Senator, in the position m which !
the Senator from Michigan stands, who declined :
the other day to present Ins views then, in order j
to allow the friends of a particular proposition to j
bring it un, as the friends of the Collins line do •
with that measure, and who was then refused the i
courtesy of the Senate to proceed with his remarks I
when he desired to do so. I would greatly pre- ]
fer that the honorable Senator from Michigan j
would go on, and that the Senate would hear j
him now, since he is prepared to address us
to-day. I think it is due not only in courtesy,
but in strict justice. If, therefore, the Senator
from New York, or those who, with him, urge
this measure upon us, will withdraw their objec-
tions, and agree that the Senator from Michigan
shall go on, i will not inflict a speech upon the
Senate at this time. I hope the Senatorfrom New
York will consent to the laying aside of the pend-
ing amendment, with a view to give the Senator
from Michigan an opportunity to go on.
The PRESIDENT. This is not a question
between the two Senators.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 understand that the honor-
able Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] the
chairman of the Committeeon Naval Affairs, who
is an able and earnest advocate of the amendment
relating to the Collins line, and whose vote is
deemed necessary for it, is obliged to leave town
this evening. The amendment will, therefore, lose
his vote, if the question is not taken to-day. Hav-
ing made this explanation, £ cannot now—without j
discourtesy not only to the honorable Senator i
from Arkansas, for whom I entertain a high re- |
speet and very sincere regard, but also to the dis- |
tmg-uished and venerable Senator from Michi<:an, I
[Mr. Cass]—insist on my objection to the motion 1
to lay the subject of the steamers aside for the j
present. I will, however, express the hope, th.U I
when the honorable Senator shall have concluded j
his speech on the Indian question, the honorable j
Senator from Aikansas will not insist on further i
debating the amendment concerning the Collins I
steamers in committee, but will allow the question j
to be taken to-day; and that the honorable Senator ;
from Arkansas will be kind enough, in consider- |
ation of the peculiar circumstances, to reserve his
further expression of his views upon the Collins i
line, until the time when the amendment shall have
been reported from the committee to the Senate,
as the same question exactly will then come be-
fore the Senate. I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. BORLAND. Does the Senator withdraw
his objection ? I am not sure that I heard the re- j
marks of the Senator from New York very dis-
tinctly.
Mr. HALE. His remarks were very compli-
mentary to yon.
Mr. BORLAND. Did the Senator make it a
condition, that I should not present my views until
after the vote is taken ?
Mr. SEWARD. I proposed no conditions. I
withdrew the objection without conditions.
Mr. BORLAND. I move, then, thatthisamend-
ment be passed over informally, and that the
amendment ie!ative to Indian depredations be
taken up, with a view to allow the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] to address the Senate.
No objection being made, the motion of the
Senator from Arkansas was concurred in, and the
question was stated to be upon the amendment of
Mr. Bell, as amended, to insert the following:
For payment to the citizens of Alabama and Georgia, for
depredations committed by Cieek I ndi;nt> upon their piop-
erty, and for other property taken by the troops or the Uni-
ted Elates, arid fneiaily Creeks;, in the years iSJo and 1K37,
$355,797 ; to be dt-tribui<'d according to tiio schedule re-
turned by the eomuustioners appointed under the act of
Congress approved Muieh 3,
Mr. CASS addressed the Senateatsome length.
His speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BELL replied at considerable length. His
speech will be found in the Appendix. !
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President—— !
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator from California
allow me to say a few words?
Mr. GWLN". I have to say that I am in some
degree responsible for the amendment in regard to
the Collins line. It lias been under discussion for
several sveeks, and as 1 must leave town to-morrow
morning at six o'clock, 1 should like very much to
have the vote taken upon it to-day.
Mr. Cx\SS. 1 only want to ask that these doc-
uments which I have may be printed with my re-
maiks. I want to dispose of them, and I never
want to touch the subject again.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the honorable Senator
from Michigan suffer me a moment to occupy the
floor?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. MAjSGUM. These contested points affect
a past Administration which is now in its grave;
and nobody feels any interest in the points which
have been made. The acts of this Administration
have been disinterred by the eloquent gentlemen
during thelast week; but I think it would be better
to defer this discussion until some future Gibbon
shall write the history of the decline and fall of the
Republic. Such a matter may be interesting to
posterity, but it seems to excite very little interest
m the minds of gentlemen who are present. Let
us postpone this discussion for the present, and
vote upon the other question. These gentlemen j
may conduct this contest as long as the siege of
Troy. Until either the one party or the other is
iinnihilated, the contest will still go on; and look-
ing to the vigor of both gentlemen, intellectually
and otherwise, there is not much prospect of their
bringing this discussion to a speedy termination.
I trust the Senate will vote oil the amendment in
relation to the Collins line of steamers.^
Mr. CASS. If the Senate will give me ten
minutes, I will dismiss the subject. All I want is,
| to get my documents introduced, so that they can
1 be published together.
! The honorable gentleman then proceeded and
! concluded his argument.
: Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President 
Mr. BELL. 1 wish to say a single word in
I reply, if the Senator from Alabama will permit
| me.
| Mr. CLEMENS. I would willingly do so, but
i that I am under a promise to the Senator from
i California, to make a suggestion which I think is
| due to him. 1 think he is entitled to the courtesy
I which has been denied to him to-day. I hope,
j therefore, that this amendment will be passed over
i until to-morrow, for the purpose of enabling him
' to vote upon it. He is compelled to leave here,
| as he has told the Senate, at six o'clock to-morrow
1 morning, and 1 promised him—feeling myself,
; perhaps, more interested m the amendment than
! anybody else—that I would make this suggestion, j
I hope, "therefore, that the Senator from California j
will be gratified m his request. I hope the amend- j
merit wdl be laid over until to-morrow. j
The PR.ESIDENT. No motion can be made .
to lay the amendment over until to-morrow; but j
it can be passed over by unanimous consent. j
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike to interpose any ob- '
jection; but I consider the vote of the Senator j
from California as important to be passed upon this ■
measure, knowing him to be friendly to_ it, as j
upon any other proposition connected with the I
deficiency bill. If the votes are to be taken upon j
the two amendments, I would prefer that they j
should be taken upon them in the order in which j
they now stand; first, upon the proposition to pay ,
i these claims; and 1 consider them tobeas justly |
i due as any deficiency which may exist in xelation
; to the Collins line. I think that the vote of the ;
| Senator from California is as important to do jus- j
i tice to the claimants under this amendment, as it \
will be to increase the compensation of the Collins
line.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to waive all privilege
of reply to the honorable Senator from Michigan.
I only intended to read one or two sentences
addition to the evidence I have already adduced,
to show that the warnings to the Government to
which I have alluded, were commenced in March,
1836. But I waive all privilege of reply for the
purpose of allowing the vote to be taken now. -
The PRESIDENT. Does the Chair under-
stand the Senator from Georgia to object to pass-
ing over this amendment?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator will permitme
to say a word in explanation of the reason for the
request which I have made of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 have understood the reason
why the Senator asks us to take up the other
proposition, and I am perfectly satisfied with it,
only that I desire to have the aid of the Senator
from California in doing an act of justice to those
people who have been oppressed in this way; and
I am unwilling to let him go until he votes upon
both propositions.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Georgia en-
tirely mistakes the position which 1 occupy in
regard to this amendment. He has no right to
presume that I am going to vote for it, for I have
not so stated to the Senate. I was chairman of
the Committee on Na-\al Affairs, to which the
subject of increasing the compensation of the Col-
lins line was referred ; and under the instructions
of that committee, I introduced into the Committee
on Finance the amendment in regard to that sub-
ject. I therefore feel that degree of responsibility
which every member of this body should feel in
bringing a proposition of such importance before
the Senate, and wish to be present when the dis-
cussion is closed and the voie taken upon it. It
has been under discussion for weeks, and I have
not spoken more than ten minutes on the subject.
I am generally here very punctually; butinas-
■much as it is a matter of necessity for me to leave
here to-fnorrow, I merely wish to have an oppor-
tunity of seeing that a question which is in some
degree under my charge is disposed of. For that
reason I desire to have a vote on it. I am very
willing to vote on the amendment of the Senator
from Tennessee; but the Collins amendment was
first m order, and was put aside for the purpose
of bringing up that proposition. I hope it will
be restored to its proper place.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any motion unless by unanimous consent.
The pending amendment cannot be passed over
but by unanimous consent.
; Mr. DAWSON. I desire to have the question
j on the pending amendment.
: Mr. RUSK. I have a proposition which I wish
to make, and it is this: Both these subjects have
been largely discussed, and if we can get a vote
upon the proposition before us now, we can also
i get a vote on the other. It is not yet four o'clock,
j and I understand Senators are ready to vote upon
. the amendment with regard to the Collins line. I
; hope we shall take the vote on the pending amend-
i ment, and then on that question. I hope theSen-
; ate will sit until we do get a vote.
: Mr. BELL. I wish to make a remark, some-
' what in the nature of a personal explanation. A
| gentleman has sent me a note, stating that I pos-
; sibly did injustice to General Jesup in my re-
j marks, by saying that he had authorized the
! friendly Indians to take the property of the whites.
! I did not say so. I wish to disavow any such
j remark. I said that it was impossible for the offi-
cer in command—and the officer himself said so—
to discriminate between property which belonged
to the whites and property which belonged to the
Indians. Although General Jesup did not author-
ize the troops and friendly Indians to take the
property of the whites, yet the consequence was,
that all the property in the neighborhood—all the
wild cattle and stock that could be had, was
taken, and the white settlers suffered. This was
so, although General Jesup did not authorize the
troops and friendly Indians to take the property of
the white settlers.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, X wish to state
very briefly the reasons which will govern my
vote upon this amendment. I should have been
very glad if the Senate had thought fit to post-
pone the question, in order to accommodate the
