1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
commerce float, and millions of citizens are yearly
traveling. Such an appropriation as that is op-
posed here on this floor, and its passage rendered
doubtful; and those who oppose it, very com-
placently come forward and propose to go on with
this system of expending thousands upon thou-
sands without hesitation, upon the mere orna-
mental branches of the business of life.
The Senator from Maryland tells us—what I
have no doubt is true—that these works have a
very high character among scientific men; and that
in some cases several editions of them have been
published and republished, and that there is a
great demand for them. If that be the case, where
is the necessity of our publishing them in order to
spread them before the public? The Senatorfiom
Illinois has told us that the great works of Au-
dubon and of Humboldt have required an ex-
penditure of a great deal of money. I would like
to know from him if any Government ever appro-
priated money for their publication ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Other Governments have ap-
propriated a great deal for such objects of science.
Mr. BORLAND. Our Government never ap-
propriated money for Audubon's great work. If
we are to follow the example of other Govern-
ments in our expenditures, we shall be in a rapid
road to—I will not say what. Other Governments
may, according to the principles of their systems,
make such appropriations, but ours has not the
power.
If these works are so valuable—if they can com-
mand admiration everywhere, and are so much in
demand—why do we not let the commander of
this expedition carry out the object for which he
obtained a copyright, and on which, if this state-
ment be true, he would realize money? Why
should we give him preference over any other pub-
lisher who has a valuable work to publish ? I am
for pursuing the same course in regard to these
woiks which we pursued in regard to the Indian
book of Mr. Schoolcraft, which, I apprehend, is
as valuable in every respect as this. In the last
appropriation for that work we prescribed a limit
to it—that it should be finished within a certain
time, and should be limited to so many volumes.
If that can be done in this case, 1 am willing to go
for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps I would agree with
the honorable Senator, if it were a new question.
My objection is that our economical fits always
come on too late. Now, here we have been for
fourteen years expending money on this enter-
prise; and I believe this is the last appropriation
■which will be demanded for it. Yet, at the ex-
piration of fourteen years, when the result of the
enterprise is to be given to the world, the Senate,
in one of its economical fits, is to denounce the
whole affair. I say that from this we ought to
learn a lesson, and not go into these enterprises
until we are prepared to carry them out to com-
pletion. We ought either not go into them stall,
or to carry them out when we do go into them.
That is the view I take of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As I always endeavor to
make myself useful as a working man, rather than
conspicuous in the way of speech making, I will j
offer a proviso to this item, which will, I think,
test the sense of the Senate upon this subject.
Unless we do adopt a proviso of the nature which
I propose very shortly, this thing will go on for
years. We know how these matters are worked
up in the public newspapers. Whenever there is
a project before Congress for the purpose of taking
money out of the Treasury, Mr. A helps Mr.
B. If A writes a scientific work on any subject,
and B writes a work on another subject, they
write puffins: articles for cach other. This Ex-
ploring Expedition came home. These men de-
sired a job. They came before Congress, and got
an act passed pretty much to suit themselves at
the close of a session, I believe, about 1842. I
propose to bring it to an end; and to accomplish
that object, I move to amend the amendment of
the Committee on Finance by adding to it the fol-
lowing proviso:
Prowled, That the aforesaid sum of ,$23,000 shall com-
plete the preparation and publication of said work.
Mr. PEARCE. I have only to say that that
would be insufficient. I believe that with this
appropriation, and another appropriation in an-
other year, we can complete it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to know
whether, if we do not prescribe some limits, we
may not be met another year with the same argu-
ment which has now been presented by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, who desires to keep
the public faith? When the publishers of this
work shall have gone on and made a contract with
some other scientific gentleman to write another
work, we may be told that under the existing law
a contract has been made with a scientific gentle-
man in some portion of the Union, to make a
new volume, and the public faith requires that
we shall pay for that volume thus contracted for.
I insist that this amendment, or some such pro-
vision, is absolutely essential, otherwise we shall
never find any limit. I hope the amendment will
be adopted, and if any case should arise in which
any man may have any claim for a breach of con-
tract, we can meet it when it comes up.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not wish to occupy a
moment of the time of the Senate unnecessarily.
1 would merely say, that the plan of the publi-
cation was chalked out long ago. All the works
are designated. There can be no such thing as
getting up in succession works not originally de-
signed. The whole plan of publication was indi-
cated years and years ago, and we have been en-
gaged upon all of them, more or less. Some of
the works are very near completion; others are
not so far advanced. I do not believe that the
present appropriation will complete the work; but
I believe another appropriation at another year !
will. I think, therefore, that we ought not to put '
in that proviso.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. CIIASE. Mr. President, I agree with the
Senator from Illinois, that we should observe the
public faith in regard to these contracts. If this
appropriation now proposed to be made is not suf-
ficient—as the Senator from Maryland says it is
not—to complete the works according to the con-
tracts, it seems to me that we ought not to adopt
the amendment to the amendment. 1 think, how-
ever, that we ought to adopt some amendment
which will provide that the contracts already made
being fulfilled, there shall be no further expendi-
ture of money, and that no new contract shall be
entered into. I give notice that, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania be voted
down, I shall offer a provision to this effect;
Provided, That no part of satd sum shall be expended
except in pursuance of existing contracts, and no further
contracts lor such publication shall be made.
Mr. PEARCE. There are incidental expenses
that will be cut off under the amendment, and
they are as absolutely necessary as anything else.
The Senator proposes that none of the money
shall be applied to anything butexisting contracts.
There are a great many incidental expenses which
will arise, and which will have to be provided for.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is no necessity for
any amendment such as that suggested by the
Senator from Ohio. I take it, that now, money
cannot be used for this object except in pursuance
of law and contracts made. I take it, that if the j
amendment of the Senator from Ohio is adopted,
it will do nothing, but leave the law as it now j
stands. , . , , , !
Mr. CHASE. The amendment which I have ,
suggested, is not of course in order at this time.
I read it merely at the suggestion of a friend be- ,
fore me, for the purpose of showing how far I
was willing to go. I would say to the Senator |
from Pennsylvania, that it is not the law now that
no future contract shall be mode. But if the amend- ;
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania prevails, (
the consequence will be, that we shall say to the j
contractors, who are relying upon the good faith '
of the Government—"We cannot comply with
these contracts." Surely, that cannot be right.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
the amendment; and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 know that the object of
the Senator from Pennsylvania is to do what is
right. I would suggest to him, that probably
the Senator from Maryland could propose a modi-
fication of this amendment which would meet his
views. I presume it is not the particular amount
of the appropriation to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania objects. The Senator from Mary-
land says that $25,000 will not be sufficient to
complete the work. Will he suggest the amount
that will be sufficient? I presume the Senator from
Pennsylvania will accept it, if it is not unreason-
able.
Mr. PEARCE. I have supposed that $50,000
more would complete all the works of this expe-
dition according to the plans originally adopted
by the Committee on the Library. I may be mis-
taken in it, but such is my belief. So many en-
gravings have already been executed; so many
charts have been made, and so many of the works
are now nearly prepared for publication, that I sup-
pose all the other engravings and works may be
completed for §50,000. We do not ask for that
appropriation in this bill, because it would be more
than we can expend in the current year, and
§25,000 is about as much as can be properly ex-
pended in one year.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would ask the Senator
from Maryland whether he means that $50,000,
in addition to the $25,000 here proposed to be
appropriated, will be required to complete these
works?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir; §25,000 in addition
to the amount here provided for.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask one question of the
honorable Senator from Maryland. Did I under-
stand that this appropriation is for contracts actu-
ally and bona fule made? Do I understand him
that $50,000 will be required for that purpose, or
will that amount be required merely to carry out
the plan that was devised, and for which contracts
have not been executed ? In other words, how far
is the faith of the Government actually pledged?
To that extent I am willing to go.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot say at this time ex-
actly how much will be required for the purpose
of fulfilling existing contracts. We have, as I
stated before, a contract with Dr. Gray, another
with Mr. Cassin, another with Professor Bailey,
and, I believe, the Rev. Mr. Curtis, of South Car-
olina, who is engaged upon a small branch, but
still a very important branch, of botany. He is
a very eminent man in that line. We have, also,
a contract with Professor Aeassiz, for the ichthy-
ology of the expedition. There are some other
persons employed in some subordinate branches
of these classes, with whom we have made no
specific contract, but who do the work for so much,
with an agreement that their services shall be paid
at the rate of $1,440 a year. I cannot, just at
this moment, say how much of the amount of
$50,000, which 1 suggested, will be strictly re-
quired for carrying out the contracts, or how much
may be required for those engagements which
are not in the nature of contracts. I believe that
$50,000 will defray the whole expense of com-
pleting the work according to the original plan.
Mr. CASS. I am willing to vote whatever
amount may be necessary to carry out the faith
of the Government. I have no doubt that the
Committee on the Library, and especially its hon-
orable chairman, for whose character and services
I have the greatest respect, have done all they
could do, to guard the public interest in regard to
this work. But i think it is a monstrous long
time—ten years—to take for the publication of
such a work. We do not know whether the sur-
face of the earth may not have undergone an en-
tire change within that time. _ What! ten or
twelve years to make a publication of a work of
this kind ! I think it is too long a time. I wish
to stop the work as soon as we can. I do not
wish to have it go on interminably. I am willing
to vote for whatever time may be necessary to re-
deem the faith of the Government; but I would
stop there—I would not go further.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is one object I had
in view. I want to serve a notice on the people
connected with these publications, that they are to
quit before long.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to make this suggestion. In the midst
of a subject, would he stop and leave it unfinished?
Are we to have three volumes of a particular series
of scientific works, and the fourth volume never
to appear? That is the effect of the proposition.
Mr. CASS. It is entirely too long a time to
take ten or twelve years to write the history of a
single voyage !
Mr. SHII5LDS. If we stop in the middle, with-
out completing it, we might as well burn the whole
of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The world would not lose
much, if the whole work were bwrned
