2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, that, perhaps, he might
accomplish his object by having a limitation of
time—by providing expressly that the whole
work shall be completed within two years. He
will perceive at once that we are unable to ascer-
tain the precise amount that may be required; but
if he would make the limitation apply to time in-
stead of money, he would probably accomplish
the object. Let us provide that the work shall be
completed within two years.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that the
best way to stop this publication is to stop the
supplies.
Mr. PISH. I would propose to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania to amend his amend-
ment, so as to make it read:
Provided, That the work be completed as speedily as
possible, and that no contracts be made, and that no new
expenditures be incurred, except for the completion of the
work in accordance with the plan heretofore adopted by the
Libraiy Committee.
I think that will bring it to a close in a proper
manner.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is the law now.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition of the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania is an
amendment to an amendment, and therefore a
further amendment cannot be offered to it; be-
sides, the yeas and nays have been ordered upon
it, and it cannot be modified except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. PEARCE. With regard to the suggestion
of the Senator from Michigan, I wish to make
a single remark. Some of the gentlemen now
employed upon this work have been recently em-
ployed. I may as well state a fact which I de-
sired not to state, if' I could avoid it—that in one
of these branches of natural history, a gentleman
was employed whose work, when submitted to
the Library Committee, was found by that com-
mittee to be such that it would not be creditable
to the country to publish it. We were compelled,
therefore, to employ another and more competent
person, and a contract has been entered into re-
cently for that object. The same remark is true
of two or three' subordinate branches. They
have only recently been ordered to be prepared on
that account; and we do not wish to crowd the
matter too much at once.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Brodiieab's amendment to the amend-
ment of the committee, resulted—yeas 16, nays
31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Bradbury,
lirodhcad, Ca^s, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Hunter, Meriwether, Norns, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soiiltf, and Walker—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brooke, Butler,
Cha«-e, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fish,
Foot, Gev^r, James, Jones nf Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
M.tllory, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Seward,
Shield^, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Upham, and
W.ule—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next, amendment of the committee was in
the clause "For publishing the Laws in pamphlet
form, and in the newspapers of the States and
Territories, and in the city of Washington,
$21,325," to strike out " 21"and insert" 22,"so
as to make the appropriation $22,325.
Mr. HUNTER. That is raising the appropri-
ation to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the following clause, to insert after the word " ac-
counts" the words " carrying the Department
mail," and strike out " 550" and insert " 800,"
making the appropriation $10,800:
" In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
" For labor, blank- books, sealing ships' registers, trans-
lating foreign languages, printing, advertising, printing the
public accounts, and extia cU;rk-hire, for preparing and
collecting information to be laid before Congress, said
clerks to be employed only during the se-sion of Congress,
or when indispensably necessary to enable the Department
to answer some call made by either House of Congress at
one session, to be answered at another—and no such extra
cletk '-hall receive more than 33} per dav for the time
actually and necessarily employed, §19,550."
Mr. HIjNTER. The estimates from the
Treasury Department contained an item giving
$•250 additional compensation, as a salary to the
messenger for carrying the Department mails.
The House committee struck that out; but the
Committee on Finance propose to restore it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the following clause in the appro-
priations for the southeast Executive Building,
"$10,000" and insert " $14,500:"
" For labor, fuel, and lights, $14,500."
Mr. HUNTER. That is restoring the appro-
priation to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The hour at which the special
order—the river and harbor bill—comes up has
arrived. 1 call for its consideration.
The PRESIDENT. It will be necessary to
make a motion to postpone the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. DAVIS. As this was taken up in the
morning hour, does not the special order come up
regularly as a matter of course at one o'clock?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to postpone the
bill under consideration until to-morrow, for the
purpose of taking up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Will this bill come up in the
morning hour to-morrow without a motion ?
The PRESIDENT. It will be necessary to
make a motion to take it up.
Mr. MANGrUM. I move to postpone the bill
until to-morrow at half past eleven o'clock, and
make it the special order for that hour. It is a
very important bill, and should be acted upon
speedily.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very willing to do that.
The PRESIDENT. To-morrow is private bill
day, and the order requiring private bills to be
considered, to the exclusion of all other business,
will have to be suspended to allow this bill to be
taken up.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the bill will not be made
the special order for half past eleven o'clock. I
have several important reports which should be
made. We might have passed three or four bills
this morning while we were discussing whether to
take up this bill or not.
The motion to postpone the bill until to-morrow
at half past eleven o'clock,and make it the special
order, waa agreed to.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill to create an additional land
office in the Territory of Minnesota was read a
third time and passed.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill declaring the
Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
" making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers;" the pending question
being on the first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce, which was to modify the following
clause:
" For opening a ship channel of sufficient capacity to ac-
commodate the wants of commerce, through the most con-
venient pass leading from the Mississippi river into the
Gulf of Mexico, $75,000. And it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War to apply said moneys to the opening of
said ship channel by contract; and at an early day in the
next session of Congress to report said contract, the prog-
ress of said work, and an estimate of the annual cost of
keeping said channel open,"
by striking out the words " to report said con-
tract, and an estimate of the annual cost of keep-
ing said channel open;" and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
To report the progress of the work, the amount neces-
sary to complete it, and an estimate of the annual cost of
keeping said channel open; dm! any contract made shall be
limited to the amount hereby appropriated.
The question was taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas 37, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Brad-
bury, lirodhead, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Davis, Dawson,
De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fish, Foot,
Gwin, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, King, Mallory, Man-
gum, Mason, Meriwether, Morton, Norris, ltusk, Seward,
.Shields, Smith, SoulS, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Under-
wood, Upham, and Wade—37.
NAYS—Messrs^ Badger, Borland, Bright, Cass, Dodge
of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Geyer, James, Jones of Iowa,
Pratt, Sebastian, and Walker—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS moved to strike out all the appropri-
ations for specific surveys, and to insert an appro-
priation of $30,000 for surveys to be made under
the direction of the Topographical Bureau.
This led to a debate that lasted till near five p.
m., (and which will be found in the Appendix,)
when the question was taken and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Borland, Bradbury, Brodheail,
Cass, Chase, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, James, Jones of Iowa, Pratt,
Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, and Walker—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger,Bell, Biooko,
Butler, Charlton, Clarke, Davis, De Saussure, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Foot, Hale, Hunter, King, Mallory, Mason,
Meriwether, Morton, Rusk, Seward, Smith, SouliS, Spru-
ance, Toucey, Underwood, Upham, and Wade—28.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 19, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 297, " de-
claring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure,
and for other purposes," upon which the gentle-
man from Ohio is"entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLDS resumed, and concluded his argu-
ment in favor of the bill. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,] in the course of his speech, has alluded to
the draft in the chimneys of the steamboats, and
I desire merely to state that two improvements
have been introduced, which render high chim-
neys unnecessary. One improvement is now in
practical operation in England, by which the
chimney discharges its smoke in front of the pad-
dle-wheel, thus superseding the necessity for any
chimney above the boat, and by this process a
much greater draft is given than by the tallest
chimney. Another invention has been discovered
in this city, by Mr. Mills, who is at present en-
gaged in manufacturing the equestrian statue of
General Jackson, by which the necessity for any
draft has been done away with altogether. By
this method Mr. Mills can melt fifteen tons of
iron or bronze with one cord of wood.
Mr. ALLISON. Objection was made yester-
day to my colleague [Mr. Stevens] occupying a
part of the time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,] the chairman of the committee, and I ob-
ject to the gentleman from Kentucky proceeding
now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to allow any member to take the floor
for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. ALLISON. He was not permitted to yield
the floor to my colleague yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That was his fault, and not
the fault of the Chair.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman need not oppose
me; for I have no doubt that these improvements
will be of greater benefit to his city, in the iron-
making country, than the removal of any obstruc-
tion across the Ohio river.
Mr. ALLISON. I merely wish to say that I
raise the question of order not because I have any
objection to what the gentleman was likely to say,
but because I thought it was not fair that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky should be treated differ-
ently from the manner in which my colleague was
treated yesterday.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
The chairman of the committee expressed his
willingness yesterday to give me a third of the
hour to which he was entitled, to afford me an
opportunity to sustain the minority report. It
was objected to, and the House acquiesced in the
objection. Now, I have no objection to what the
gentleman from Kentucky wishes to say, but I
think that equality and reciprocity should be ob-
served; and if I cannot have an opportunity af-
forded me to address the House, I must object to
his doing so.
