THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Sesstojj.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 21, 1852.
New Series....No.- 142:
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided -oil
•several occasions before, that it is the .uniform
practice of the House for a gentleman occupying
the floor to yield at to another gentleman for the
purpose of explanation. . ft is a question with the
gentleman, from Ohio whether he wilt yield it alike
to the gentleman from Kentucky and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts; but there can be no bar-
gain or contract-by which two gentlemen shall
speak half each without the unanimous consent
of the House. The Chair therefore overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr.'FOWLER. In that easel am only sur-
prised that the minority of the committee cannot
be heard under the same circumstances.
The SPEAKER. That is an argument ad-
dressed to the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUni'on, and does not
affect the rules or practice of the House.
Mr. OLDS. My time will be exhausted in
three or four minutes, and in.ordertogetrid of this
difficulty I decline further to yield the floor, and
am anxious to close this debate.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And upon
that proposition 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 35, nays 119; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Kibighaus, Busby, Cartter,
Chapman, Dean, Dunmick, Duncan, Florence, Floyd,
Fmvler, GiJmore, Goodrich, Haven, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, James Johnson, George (J.
King:. Kurtz, McLanahan,"Henry D. Moore, Andrew Par-
ker, Penn, Reed, Roblnns, Ross, David L. Seymour,
Origin S. Seymour, Skehon. Thaddeus Stevens, Tuck,
Ward, Washburn, and Addison White—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Ashe, A vereft,"Thomas II. Bayly, Barrere, Heale, Bissell,
Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Breckin-
ridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George
fj. Brown, Bueli, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson
Campbell, Oa^kie, Chastaw, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Col-
cock, Cullom, John G. Davis,Dawson, Disney, Doty,Dun-
ham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Ficklin, Fitch, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry,
Goodenow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Sampson
W. Harris, Hascall, Hebard, Hendricks. Henn, Hibbard,
Holladay, Houston, Hunter, Tves, Jackson, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kubns,
Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Martin, Mason, McCorkle, Mc-
Queen, Miller, Millson, Miner, Molony, John Moore, Mur-
phy, Murray, Newton, 01d«, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Peaslee, Penvnman, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Porter,
Powell, Price, Fiddle, Robie, Shudder, Smith, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'm P. Ste-
phens, St. Martin, Strother. Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston,Townshend, Vcn-
ahle, Walsh, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Alexander White,
Wilcox, and Woodward—119.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
ta\>le. * .
Pending the call of the roll, the following gen-
tlemen stated that they had paired off:'
Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, with Mr. Richardson;
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, with Mr. Letcher;
And Mr. Scurry, against the bill, with Mr.
Meade, in favor of it.
The question recurred upon committing the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union;and being put,themotion was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time.
The question recurring, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. OLDS called for the previous question;
which received a second; and the main question
was ordered to be put.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, As-lle, Averett, Thomas
H. llaylv, tieaie, Bissell, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, John
H. Boyd, Braag, Breckinridge, Brenton, Brisss, Albert U.
Brown, George H. Brown, Buell, E. Carnngton Cabull,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie,
Cliastain, Clark, Clinsmnn, Cobb, Colcock, Conirer, Cul-
lom John G. Davis Dawson, Disney, Doty, Dnrkee, East-
man, Ed?erton, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Ficklin,
Fitcli, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow,
142
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris,
HascaJl, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford,
Houston, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson,'John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Kuhns, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Martin,
Mason, McCorkle, McMullm, McQueen, Miller,'Millson,
Miner, Molony, John Moore, Murray, Newton, Olds,
Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins,
Phelps, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price, Robie, Smith, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stiother, Stuart, S\veet«er,
Taylor, benjamin Thompson, Venable, Walsh, Watkins,
Welch, Alexander White, Wilcox, ami Woodward—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Wilham Applecon, Bibighaus,
Busby, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Curtis, Dean, Dun-
mick, Doekery, Duncan, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Henry
M. Fuller. Gilmore, Goodrich, Haven, Howard, John W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Inger oll, James Johnson, Geo.
G. King, Kurtz, MoLanahan, Andrew Parker, Reed, Rob-
bins, Ross,*Scudder, David L. Seymour, OrigenS. Sey-
mour, Thaddeua Stevens, Stratton, Sutherland, Towns-
hend, Ward, Washburn, A. White, and Wildfick—42.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
RELIEF OF THOMAS RITCHIE.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 move to take
up the report of the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order without any motion. The gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] by courtesy at
least, is entitled to the floor on that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina is entitled to the floor, and I appeal to
him to let the House say whether they will go on
with the appropriation bill, or take up the report
from the Committee on Printing. It is very im-
portant to get the appropriation bill through this
week. I hope, therefore, the House will indulge
me in it.
Mr. STANLY. Iam ready, individually, to
finish what I have to say upon this printing bus-
iness; but I do not wish to go against the sense of
the House, or oppose the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, upon whom is the
responsibility of the public business. I will there-
fore submit to whatever be the wish of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, in order to put it m
the power of the House to test,what business it
will take "up, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order connected with the priority of business.
Some time since a bill from the Senate, known
as the "French Spoliation Bill," was before
this House. After it was read a second time,
a motion was made to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the stateof theUnion,and a motion
was made by myself to refer it to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. This is a subject in which
the country feel a vast amount of interest.
Mr. HOUSTON. ,The gentleman is not in
order. He is debating the question.
-Mr. BAYLY. I am not going to debate it. I
desire to know precisely where that bill is. When
the motion was made to commit, my impression
was, und-er what I understand to be the practice
of this House, that that motion kept the bill before
the House, i think that has been the practice of
the House. ' I desire to know of the Speaker
where, among the business of the House, that bill
is?
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely
wish to-inquire what is before the House? And
if it is a question of priority of business, whether
it is debatable or not?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. BAYLY. I am aware that it is not debat-
able, but I cannot make my point without stating
the facts of the case.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see that the gentle-
man from Virginia has raised any point of order.
He has simply made an inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion made by the gentleman
from Alabama, to suspend the rules to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. * . . ' * -
, Mn STANTON, of Kentucky. I have-a point
of order to make., I rose and was recognized" by*
the Speaker, but before I submitted thejhotion £
designed to make, the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] rose and reminded the House that
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
was entitled to the floor. I do not know how he
could be, entitled to the floor to make that state-
ment when I was upon the floor; but it afforded
the gentleman from Alabama an opportunity to
make his motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the report from the Committee on Printing was
the first business in order before the House, and
that the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
was not necessary.
Mr. STANTON. Well, but I still occupied
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair uqdersiood the
gentleman from Kentucky" to-have resumed "his
seat, and the Chair remarked that, by courtesy at
least, the gentleman from North Carolina was en-
titled to the floor upon the report from the Com-
mittee on Printing. The Chair insists that he is
entitled to it for another reason, if he claims, and
that is, that the gentleman from Kentucky has
already been heard upon the bill, and cannot
speak twice until others who may desire to be
heard have spoken. So that, at any rate, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina was regularly upon
the floor upon the report from the Committee on
Printing. The gentleman from North Carolina
yields the floor to the gentleman from Alabama,
to submit the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I did not resign my right to
the floor at all, because I occupied the position I
am now occupying.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
occupy the floor, because he was not entitled to
speak.
Mr. STANTON. I might have called the pre-
vious question if I had had an opportunity of
doing so.
The SPEAKER. That is true; andif the gen-
tleman insists that Tie was occupying the floor,
and had such purpose to accomplish, he is entitled
to it.
Mr. STANTON. I merely desire to say, thr.t
I hope the House will not agree to the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama to go into commit-
tee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to consume
any more time on this point of order; but I wish
to state what the gentleman from North Carcilina
will certainly bear me out in 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Kentucky simply wishes that
the House will not go into Committee of the
Whole on'the state of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL. Under the impression that I
shall take an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
1 wish to know distinctly the point of order made
by the gentleman from Virginia, and overruled by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose and inquired of the Chair the precise
condition of the French spoliation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. He made no
point of order at all.
The SPEAKER. He inquired the position of
the French spoliation bill, and the Chair stated in
response that the business now in order before the
House was the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The Chair is very willing to
respond to the gentleman from Virginia, by stat-
ing that the French spoliation bill, in the opinion
of the Chair, is in the fourth class-, snd the first
business in order in the fourth class upon the
Speaker's table—that is, when you reach that
description of business.
Mr. BAYLY, if the Speaker will indulge ma
a single moment 
