1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL"* GLOBE.
May 19,
one hundred and twenty days, and if they cannot
make laws sufficient with what we give them to
govern the Territory, no tiige that we can give the
Legislature will be sufficient. I doubt very much
whether they will better, during the time they con-
tinue in the territorial state, the laws under which
they live. Some of them need amendment, 110
doubt. I was proceeding to state, when I was up,
that there was a necessity why. this Territory
should have more time to transact its legislative
business than our other Territories, and it arises
from this fact: The proceedings of the Legisla-
ture are carried on, necessarily, in two languages,
the Spanish and the English. Interpreters have
to be had, when a motion is made by those who
speak the Spanish language alone, to interpret it
into English, so that both may understand what
the proposition is. When a proposition is put
for the action of the legislative body, it has to be
stated in both languages. It takes more time,
consequently, to transact their business than our
other Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that the Committee on the Territo-
ries have reported an amendment to strike out
six months and insert ninety days.
Mr. RICHARDSON. To that I propose an
amendment to insert sixty days.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Ninety days is the rec-
ommendation of the committee, and sixty days
the individual recommendation of the gentleman
from Illinois, who is the chairman of the Territo-
rial Committee. I hope that his amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. STUART. The Committee 011 Territories
considered this subject with a great deal of care,
and were very clearly of the opinion that ninety
days were necessary. The bill as introduced and
referred to the committee, asked for six months.
The Delegate representing that Terri tory furnislied
some very strong argument to show that six
months were necessary; but the committee deci-
ded—and I think with considerable unanimity—
that, is, of the members present, as the honorable
chairman [Mr. Richardson] was not present—
from an investigation of the facts which the Dele-
gate brought to their attention, that three months
were necessary in order to enable that Territory
to consummate their duties. The main difficulty
consists in the fact that their territorial assembly
is composed partly of members speaking the Span-
ish ana partly of those speaking the English lan-
guage. So that an interpretation of the speeches
is necessary before they can be understood or re-
plied to by gentlemen 111 that Legislature. 1 trust
that the committee will not adopt the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son,] but permit the bill to stand as it is.
Th? question was then put upon the amendment
of Mr. Richardson to the amendment of the com-
mittee; and it was not agreed to.
The question then reeunvi upon the amendment
of the committee, to strike out "six months,"
and, in its stead, to insert " ninety days;" and it
was agreed to.
Mr. WElGrllTMAN. t move that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. J87, being " A. hill for the
construction of military roads in Oregon Terri-
tory."
Mr. FLOYD was recognized by the Chairman
as being entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the gentleman's
permission, I will give the noiice 
Mr. FLOYD. I yield for a moment to the gen-
tleman, but not my right to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 am satisfied, in my j
own mind, that discussion with regard to the pol- i
itics of the country will continue; hut T now give !
notice to the gentleman from New York, who has !
obtained the floor, of my intention, as soon as he '
departs from the discussion of the question imme- j
diately before the committee for consideration, to |
raise and insist upon the point of order that such j
debate is irrelevant and improper. I will press ,
the point, and have a vote of the committee upon j
it. !
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order. I
Mr. FLOYD then commenced giving his views >
on the subject of slavery, and presenting the north-
ern view of the subject; when
Mr. CLINGrMAN said: I riseto the question of
order that this discussion is irrelevant. Ordinarily
I would not have raised this point, but at the
present time I deem it to be my duty to appeal to
the Chair to decide, whether or not this discussion
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the discussion is not in order; and, if the point is
insisted upon, the Chair will be compelled to en-
force order.
Mr. FLOYD. It is no more out of order than
that which was indulged in by others, on these
territorial biiis.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. 1 do insist upon it.
Mr. CARTTER. From the decision of the
Chair I appeal.
Mr. POLK. Why not allow the gentleman
from New York to enjoy the same privileges that
others have in debate?
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I objected, during our last
session, to this kind of discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom North
Carolina makes the point of order, that the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Floyd] are not germane to the subject-matter of
the bill now under consideration, and therefore
out of order. The bill provides for an appropii-
ation to construct certain roads in the Territory
of Oregon. The gentleman from New York has
been discussing questions of slavery and the gen-
eral policy of the country. The Chair decides,
and would have decided at any time, had the point
been raised properly, that, under the rules of the
House, this debate is not in order. From this
decision of the Chair, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] appeals. The question then is,
'•Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Mr. CARTTER. I will make the simple in-
quiry of the Chan, whether he did not decide that
this description of debate was in order, on the
occasion of the point of order being raised on the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,] by the
gentleman from Illinois?[Mr. Richardson.] Did
not the Chair then announce that it was in order,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
(Jnion to discuss matters pertaining to the Union:
And, I will further inquire, has not that been the
uniform practice?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois called the gentleman from New York to order
before he had advanced to the substauce of his
speech. He had stated at the commencement that
he intended to discuss the compromise, so far as it
related to the Territories. It wns impossible for
the Chair, at that time, to see what relation the
gentleman's remarks would have to that particular
bill, and he pointed to a clause in the bill which
made reference to one of the particular measures
embraced in the compromise, to which the gentle-
man from New1" York said his remarks would be
addtessed. The Chair then decided that he was
in order, stating distinctly that it was because the
gentleman had not advanced far enough in his
argument to enable him to decide what us nature
would be. If the question had been presented in
, the shape it is now, the decision of the Chair
i would then have been the same as it is now. It is
: very easy for the committee, if they are disposed
■ to indulge this latitude of debate, to overrule the
[ decision of the Chair.
Mr. DEAN. I would like to make an inquiry.
! Has not such latitude always been permitted, and
! would it not be in order to move to allow the gen-
, tleman to proceed ?
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will reply that
! sometimes these things have been permitted, and
I at other times they have been refused by the com-
, mittee. I have known many instances in which
• the decision of the Chair has been sustained, and
others in which it has been overruled.
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection, however,
is—and I hove no more disposition to cut off the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fi oyd] than
any other gentleman—that the days which' "have
been appropriated by special order of the House
to territorial business, have never been consumed
in tins rambling, general debate. I do not under-
stand that they have ever been; and while 1 re-
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in order. I do not
propose to 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON, i do not propose to debate
it further, except with this addition. If the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Floyd] and if mem-
bers of the committee will adhere to the rules as
decided by the Chair, we will soon get through
this territorial business, pass these bills through
the House, and then the appropriation hills will
be before us, on which this debate would be in
order. It is evident to all of us, that if we persist
in a course of this sort—or if we resort to the
process suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, of having the committee rise
i with the view of adopting a resolution to close
! debate, and then again going into committee when,
I as each bill is taken up, some one will get up and
■ m.ike an hour's speech; the result will be that the
, Territories will be excluded from the benefit intend-
i ed by the special order. If gentlemen will wait
' but a few days, the appropriation bills, upon
which latitude of debate is always allowed, will
come up, and can be discussed m a general way.
I therefore appeal to gentlemen to let the decision
of the Chair stand, and let us go on with the bus-
i iness before us.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say that I
1 made the point of order upon the gentleman from
! New Yoik [Mr. King] the other day, and I was
| anxious then that this irrelevant debate should be
i stopped. As he was permitted to proceed, I have
' not felt that I could with propriety make the point,
or press it now. This much I deemed necessary
to say, in my own justification.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels it incum-
bent upon him to arrest this debate upon the
question of order, as by rule thirty-five he finds
that these questions are required to be decided
without debate. The question will be upon the
appeal.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for tellers.
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
(Messrs. Williams and Robinson acting as tel-
lers) and there were—ayes 58, noes 46; no quorum
voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The roll was then called, and the absentees
noted. The committee then rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order ; and
having found themselves without a quorum, had
caused the roll to be called, and the names of the
absentees to be reported to the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Report the
absentees.
The list of absentees was then read as follows :
Messrs. Charles Allen, William Appleton, Ashe, Averett,
D J. Biulcy, Thomas II- Baylv, Beale, Bibighaus. BUseli,
Bocock, Bownc, John H. Bojd, George H. Brown, Burt,
l u>by, Lewis 1). Campbell. Colcock, Cottman, Daniel,
D<irby. j>0\v>0!i, Bjiiiiniek, Doty, Dunham, Edgerton, Ed-
mmni'iOij, FiGromiuiow. Goodrich, G.t'cn, Ham-
mond, H<uv>, UaM.-all. Haven, Ilebard, Horaford. Thomas
3F. Howe, Thomas Y. How. Hunter, XngcisOll, Andrew
Johnton, James Johnson, Kuhu&. Landr\, Mann, McCor-
ki(\ McDonald, McMullni. McQueen, Meacham, Meade,
.Miner, Henry D. Mooie, Naberf, Orr, Andrew Parker,
| Pi ice. Rantoul, Ros?, Itus^eJl, Sdieimerhorn, David L.
; rfpymour, Smarf, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richaid II
I Stanton, Sutherland, Swoetser, Benjamin Thompson,
Toombs, Walbrulge, Vvatkms, Weils, and Alexander
White. '
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum now
present, the committee will again resume its session.
The Chairman of the committee resumed the
chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am willing that the
gentleman shall procced in his remarks, and if I
can obtain the floor upon these bills I will make a
motion to limit debate upon all of them to five
minutes.
Mr. CARTTER. That is right. We will go
for that.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done by
unanimous consent, if there is no objection.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. As it seems to be the gen-
eral desire, 1 withdraw the point of order! made,
with the understanding that irrelevant debate is
stopped after the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Floyd] concludes.
Mr. CARTTER. I withdraw the appel
made.
