482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
bill passes, I hare the figure's here, and they show
that it will amount to about $200,000. As was
shown by thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Bren-
tonI yesterday, the cash value of the warrants al-
ready located, is about $12,000,000, and it is pro-
posed to pay one per cent, upon that sum to the
registers and one per cent, to the receivers. Cal-
culate for yourselves, and you will find that that
makes something like §950,000. Take off the
fifty cents already received as fees, and it leaves
t something more than $200,000 to be paid for
warrants already located. It is then proposed to
go on and pay in the same ratio for the location
of warrants in future, and the warrants issued
under the act of 1850 will be much more numerous
than the warrants issued under the Mexican bounty
Jand law. And yet you are called upon to vote
upon that proposition without hearing the facts
that might be urged in opposition to it! ^ ,
It is said that these registers and receivers are
not properly paid. Now I ask gentlemen to tell
the committee what the receivers have to do in the
location of bounty land warrants, that you should
pay them $2 for the location of each warrant for
one hundred and sixty acres.
I hold in my hand a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the Land Ofljpe, in which he states that
they have to perform almost nothing in locating
these warrants, for doing which it is proposed to
pay them $2 each. I have not time to read the
fetter now, but I intend that it shall be published,
at some proper time. I ask, if the fifty cents pro-
posed to be paid by the bill of the select committee
is not amply sufficient? The gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Clark,] who made a speech the other
day, said that it was not sufficient, and he read an
extract from a letter from one of his constituents,
the register or receiver in the land office at Du-
buque. That letter states, that in two weeks there
were something like one thousand warrants lo-
cated, and that it required three competent clerks
to perform the labor. Well, that would make
twenty-seven warrants a day located by each clerk,
for which they would each receive $13 50 a day,
and yet they say they are not paid ample compen-
sation for the labor they perform ! These facts
the gentleman from Iowa stated to the House from
the letter of his constituent. I ask, are you pre-
pared to vote this bill through in such a state of
facts ?
Mr. CLARK. They did not get the compensa-
tion.
Mr. DUNHAM. It maybe possible that they
have not received nay for the location of all those
warrants; but if tne substitute proposed by the
select committee passes, they will receive it in such
cases us thai, and it is ample compensation for the
labor they perform—especially when you take into
consideration the statement of the Commissioner
of the Land Office in this letter, that those receivers
do romparatrveiy no labor at all.
Mr. BISSELL. I am opposed to this amend-
ment; and there is one fact to winch I wish to di-
rect the attention of the committee. These land
officers are not equally paid. If the honorable
chairman of the select committee proposes to re-
duce the salaries of the land officers, let him in-
troduce a bill which shall effect that object, doing
ccjual justice to all, and I will probably go with
him, for I am as much in favor of low salaries as
he is. But when you ask me to pass a law which
will have the effect of giving to one man four dol-
lars for services which another man has to perform
for one dollar, you must excuse me if I say I can-
not do it, and you may call itathreatif you please.
Under the operation of the law as it now stands,
some of the land officers do four times as much
labor as others, and do not get more than one
fourth as much pay; because, in certain land
offices, nearly all the entries are made with war-
rants, while m others most of the entries are made
with cash, upon which the officers get their per-
centage. If the gentleman proposes to reduce
their salaries, let him do it systematically, regu-
larly, and legitimately—equalize them all, and
then see if we do not all go with him. But when
you propose to compensate certain officers for cer-
tain labor, why will you cut off other officers who
have to perform the same labor, fiom receiving the
samft compensation?
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
another fact, and that is, that in no case under this
law, could any officer receive any more than he
was authorized to receive before these bounty
land bills passed. Under these laws, the land
officers have had a great deal more labor to per-
form, and, in no event, under the law which we
now propose to pass, can any of them receive a
greater amount of pay than the law authorized
him to receive before the bounty land laws were
I believe that if you strike out these most im-
portant and essential provisions of this bill, it is
lost—not only lost in this House, but I am still
more convinced that it is lost in the Senate.
Mr. DUNHAM. Let itgo,then.
Mr. BISSELL. Ay! "let it go,then," says
the gentleman. Yes, if this darling scheme of his
—this bill introduced by him from the select com-
mittee—a bill incongruous, unintelligible,and un-
explainable—cannot pass, it must all go. I will
not call it a nonsensical bill, as a member near
me says 
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single remark?
Mr. BISSELL. I cannot; I have not time.
Mr. DUNHAM. I want to ask the gentle-
man [Loud cries of " Order !"]
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman introduced the
bill, and forthwith moved an amendment to it him-
self. He introduced a bill which proposed to re-
peal a proviso in a former law, when there was no
such proviso in that law to be repealed. He made
several mistakes of equal importance, and now be-
cause that heterogeneous bill cannotpass, the whole
scheme must be defeated!
I repeat, that 1 believe this bill, if amended as
the gentleman from Indiana proposes to amend it,
cannot pass the Senate. 1 do not believe that it
can pass this House. I know that if thus amended,
I should be constrained to vote against it. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] wrought
himself up to the pitch of calling that "a threat."
If other members regard it so, I shall be surprised
indeed to learn it. I expressed the opinion that it
could not pass the Senate; the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] on the other hand, says
he has good reason to know that it can pass that
body. I stated that if the bill was so amended, I
should vote against it; .the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] and the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Duniiam,] say they shall vote against
it unless it is so amended. So the "threat" and
" bullying" seem to be pretty much on one side
as well as on the other. Besides that, I suppose
the House has heard too often from the gentleman
from Georgia and from myself to be very much
alarmed at anything we might say.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH moved to strike out of the second
section of Senate bill all after the word "warrants"
in the tenth line, as follows, viz:
—u where they have been transferred under the provision
of any act of Congiess, and the regulation* of the General
i Land OtViee; and to be paid out of the Tiea&ury ot the
United State*, upon the adjustment of tlte accounts of such
officer*, where it shall be s-hown to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Oliice that the wan ant
was located by the soldier or wariantee, or his next of km,
as provided tor b} law."
He said the amendment was made, not because
he esteemed its adoption very essential, though
proper, but to enable him to call the attention of
the committee to the ridiculous blunder perpetrated
by his colleague, [Mr. Dunham] in moving to
strike out the entire second section and insert other
matter identical in principle with that proposed to
be stricken out. His [Mr. Dunham's] argument
was directed not against the section he proposes to
strike out, but against the third section which his
j motion does not propose to disturb ! This blun-
! der is only another of the series committed by the
gentleman as chairman of the select committee to
which the douse bill on this subject was referred,
j and which reported back the deformity, a portion
1 of which it is now proposed to adopt in lieu of the
i Senate bill.
' There were often (Mr. P. said) more false facts
than false theories adduced here in support of a
| measure. His colleague [Mr. Dunham] was deal-
' ing largely in the former. The very letter to which
: he referred but a few minutes since, to sustain his
j declaration that receivers had nothing do m loca-
| ting warrants, states the very reverse; and in his
(Mr. F 's) hand was now a letter from the same
source (Commissioner of the General Land Office)
stating in detail the duties of receivers in such lo-
cations. To his colleague [Mr. Dunham] must
be yielded the palm so far for blundering legisla-
tion—a character of legislation to which the past
may justify us in expecting a climax by the intro-
duction as a substitute for the bill before us, of
some matter upon another and wholly irrelevant
subject.
He (Mr. F.) had before saidhisproposedamend-
ment was not, in his estimation, highly important,
and made by him for a purpose now fulfilled; but
the amendment was proper, as it will leave the fees
in every case to be paia by the holder of the war-
rant, and m no case out of the Treasury.
Mr. DUNHAM. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I am very much obliged to my colleague
[Mr. Fitch] for the very courteous manner with
which he has been pleased to speak of me upon
this occasion, as well as the other day. I think,
however, that if he will examine he will find that he
has committed just as egregious blunders in this
matter as I have. The section which I propose
to strike out is as different from the one which I
propose to insert, as it can be. So much for the
courtesy of my colleague.
I have one word in relation to the courtesy of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.] That
gentleman has seen fit to charge me, as chairman
of the select committee, with altering the bill re-
ported from that committee. I deny it. There
has not been a single proposition in any section of
that bill which has been altered, even in phrase-
ology, in the least; and I appeal to every member
of that committee to sustain me in the assertion.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow me one word?
Mr. DUNHAM. You will have time to reply
afterwards.
Mr. BISSELL. I must be allowed to say that
the gentleman is wholly mistaken in what he says.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I simply say this: The
members of that committee are present, and can
bear witness whether what I say is correct or not.
I undertake to say that there was scarcely a con-
troversy upon any section of the bill, except in
reference to the first and second sections. The
gentlemanfrom Illinois [Mr. Bissell] voted against
me upon the second section, and, as a matter of
course, he did in reference to the first.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman to say if
I ever consented that land warrants should be lo-
cated without regard to the price ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois if he ever, in committee, proposed an
amendment to obviate that difficulty? He did not;
and I apprehend he did not discover the blunder
any more than I did. It does not become him, as
a member of that committee, to charge me with
blunders which escaped his notice as well as
mine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot permit
this kind of discussion to go on. It is all out of
order.
Mr. DUNHAM. Does the gentleman from
Illinois pretend to say here that I altered that bill
after it was reported by the committee?
Mr, BISSELL. Not knowingly. Certainly
not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot permit
this discussion to go on. The Chair calls the gen-
tlemen to order.
Mr. BISSELL. [ must be permitted to answer
the gentleman's question.
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly, I will permit the
gentleman; and desire that he should answer my
question.
Mr. BISSELL. I refer particularly to that
portion of the bill which authorizes that land war-
rants shall be received in payment for the public
lands, without regard to the price of those lands.
My understanding of it was, that warrants should
be received in payment for the public lands, but
that the lands should be held at their nominal
value—say $2 50 per acre. The bill, as intro-
duced, authorizes the holder of the warrant—for
instance, the holder of a one hundred and sixty
acre warrant—to locate it on lands held at $2 5*0
per acre.
Mr. DUNHAM. Oh, I understand that. But
I do not remember that the matter was mooted in
the committee. And if it was, I stand here to
say that the original bill, as it was submitted to
the committee at its last sitting, is the same which
was introduced here. The bill was laid before the
committee and examined critically—examined by
us all. It was sent from the committee room di-
rectly to the printing office, and the manuscript
