1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2259
of the gentleman from Tennessee, and upon that
question debate is exhausted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think the gen-
tleman from Michigan has probably changed his
amendment a little, since I offered my substitute
for it, for it does not strike me nowin the same
light that it did yesterday. I will therefore_with-
draw my substitute, and hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Michigan will Be adopted.
Mr. STUART.' At the suggestion of a gentle-
man near me, I jwill modify my amendment by in-
serting after the word " midshipman," the words
"or pupils at any Naval School."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman- from Michigan, that he should accept
the proviso which I offered to the substitute of the
gentleman from Arkansas, as a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. STUART. I cannot accept it, but the
gentleman can move it as an amendment to my
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the proviso which
I offered yesterday to the substitute of the gentle-
man from Arkansas, which has just been read.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a few words in
relation to that amendment,' although I have no
desire to consume the time of the House. I un-
derstand that this amendment is brought forward
for the purpose of putting down favoritism, and it
seems to methat favoritism should be put down as
far as members of Congress are concerned, as well
as in other quarters. I do not wish to be pressed
upon this point, but it is a fact that there were
members in the last Congress who had sons in
this Naval School, and that there are members in
this Congress who have sons there. Not long
since, we saw in the newspapers a controversy
about a member of Congress who had already a
son at "West Point getting another son into the
school at Annapolis. Ought not this system of
favoritism to be put down too? If I understand
the original design of the law in relation to these
appointments, it was that members of Congress
should nominate .young men residing in their dis-
tricts who by nature were blessed with talents and
with good physical development, but who had not
the means of education; it was intended to confer
education upon that description of persons, and at
the same time promote the interests of the Army
and Navy and of the Government generally. I
think that members of Congress ought to be pre-
cluded from exercising this species of favoritism
as well as other persons. We see that lads who
are blessed by nature with talents and with every
requisite that would make them competent and
efficient in the service are excluded, and that the
sons of members of Congress, many of them al-
most imbecile, are crowded into these institutions.
When we get to the Departments, what is going
on there? Why, you cannot appoint a head of a
bureau without his instantly crowding his cousins,
nephews, and all that description of persons, into
his Department." The whole thing ought to be
stopped.' Let us begin with ourselves and carry
the reform into every Department of the Grovern-
mcnt. Here is a perfect system of nepotism carried
on in those Departments. Let us carry out the
original design in good faith, if it is to be carried
out at all. I am myself in favor, as I said yester-
day, of cutting these institutions up by. the roots,
and confining them exclusively to the States.
That is what I think ought to be done.
I know that some say we should not exclude
members of Congress. "Why, how does this thing
work? Take, for instance, my neighbor there
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman;] we live
upon the borders of our States; [ can just send
my son over to his district, and he has lum ap-
pointed to "West Point, as a resident in that dis-
trict, and, in the same way, he can send his son
over into my district. This thing may be done,
and the probability is it will be done hereafter. I
say it ought to be put a stop to, and now is the
time to do it.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, for the
reason that I do not think there is,any occasion
for it. I think that my friend from Tennessee,
although he strikes as low and as close as any
man that I ever was acquainted with, has made a
blow a little below what should be the standard
of self-respect, which gentlemen upon this floor
should maintain for themselves. I do not believe,
in.the first place, that the abuse which the honor-
able gentlemen alludes to, exists to any extent. I
do not believe it is possible for any gentleman,
having credit enough in a respectable constituency,
to obtain a place upon this floor, to be capable of
transferring his offspring into a district in a neigh-
boring State, for the purpose of getting him into a
public institution; and if there was one such gen-
tleman to be found, I do not believe* a second
could be found to receive that offspring.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to
know what the gentleman means by striking low?
Mr. CARTTER. Striking below that stand-
ard of self-respect which should prohibit any
member of Congress from being guilty of such an
act, without the interference of law.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman wishes to
know where that standard is below self-respect,
let him look to his own State. He will find that
a member of Congress from that State has put his
son into the school at Annapolis.
Mr. SWEETSER.. Name him.
- Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Sawyer, of Ohio, put
his son into that school.
Mr. SWEETSER. He is not in this Con-
gress. .
Mr. JOHNSON.. He was a member of Con-
gress when he got his son into' the school, and
that is what I said.
Mr, CARTTER. Well, he has'got paid for it.
Mr. JOHNSON- If the gentleman desires it, I
can give him the names of others.
Mr. GARTTER. The honorable member from
Tennessee urges a general impeachment upon the
integrity and character of the members of this
House, by supposing that they need a higher law
for their restraint, than the law of self-respect. If
that law will not operate to restrain members of
Congress within the limits of decorum, in the dis-
charge of their discretionary powers, there is no
law that will do it. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With a view
to carry out what 1 believe to be the almost unani-
mous intentionofthecommittee,I offer theamend-
ment to theamendment which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows;
And that the Secretary of the Navy is heieby required to
report to this House at its second session, the number and
names of appointments to tile Naval School, which have up
to this time been made, and the dislrict, and from whence
each one comes; and the numbei of vacancies now exist-
ing at said school, with the Congressional districts which
may be entitled to supply them; and a statement of the
order in which the remainder of the Congressional districts
shall be entitled to supply all future and accruing vacancies,
so tar as it may be determined by existing law, or by circum-
stances.
Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, I have offered this
amendment to avoid a difficulty which now exists.
The Secretary of the Navy states that there are a
large number of districts which are entitled to ap-
pointments, but that there are no places for them to
fill. At least this was the statement ashort time ago.
A large number of districts have not enjoyed the
privileges of this Naval School for years. Now,
sir, you may make what rules you please, for
equalizing the enjoyment of the privileges of this
Naval School among all the districts in the United
States. You may pass what acts you please, but
so long as the Secretary of the Navy can say there
are a large number of districts which have not
had any appointments for years, and is still left to
select for himself, without responsibility—while
we-are left without reference to the law, and in
ignorance of what is the judgment or construction
put upon that law—how is it possible for us to
prevent favoritism ? "Who is .to make the Secre-
tary declare, under* the given circumstances, and
unaer the existing law, exactly how that law will
apply to these cases as they shall come up for his
adjudication? - Now, I propose by my amend-
ment that the Secretary shall be called upon to re-
port to the next session ofCongress, whether there
are any vacancies, and if so, what districts are
entitled to fill them according to the existing laws,
and under the circumstances which may exist.
For instance, if one district has no appointee in
the Naval School, but has one in the JNavy, and
another has no appointee in either, the latter would
in equity be entitled, to the appointment. The ob-
ject is to have the production of a statement show-
ing what district was first entitled to an appoint-
ment, the number of vacancies .which may now
exist, and also the order in which the several dis-
tricts shall hereafter be entitled-to appointment;
so that hereafter, there shall be no favoritism on
the part of our Secretaries, by depriving any-dis-
trict,or any portion of the people, of the right to
their own appointment.,'
Mr. STUART. -1 would suggest to the gentle-
mart from Arkansas, that he change the words
"Row exrsting,"to "then existing,''in his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, if the gentleman
from Arkansas will listen to me for a moment, it
will change his opinion with regard to the pro-
priety of the amendment to •theamendment. The
indications are, that we will adopt the proposition
of my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
which requires that the appointment shall be made
from the districts. Then, if that becomes a law,
it makes no difference where the vacancy is, as a
matter of course the district where the vacancy
occurs will be entitled to fill it.
Mr. JOHNSON^ of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman whether or not it is a fact that when the
school is full—when the number allowed by law
is there—every district in the United-States will
not have a representative there? If so,'each dis-
trict will have to take its turn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not able to tell just at
this moment how many are allowed to make the
number full. Perhaps the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs could inform the gentle-
man.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There are
not quite enough' allowed under the law to give
two boys to each Congressional district.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Tennessee
says there are not quite enough to give two to
each Congressional district. If gentlemen will ex-
amine the law of 1845, they will find that it pro-
vides that the students or midshipmen shall be
appointed from all the States. At the time of the
passage of that law there had been a very great
inequality between the States in regard to these
appointments. There was not only confusion,
but great complaints were made as to the regula-
tion of these appointments. The result was, that
in the passage of that law a provision was inserted
which required the Secretary of the Navy to ap-
portion the appointments among the States, so as
to bring up the deficient States to something like
an equality, before any other regulation should be
adopted. That law yet exists; and while the De-
partment may have' adopted rules to apportion
these appointments among particular districts, yet
there is no law which requires it. So that if we
pass the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] as I presume we shall,
providing that the Representative from each dis-
trict shall be entitled to make the appointment
when a vacancy occurs in his district, then why
should we ask the Secretary of the Navy to make
a report of the vacancies, when the member is to
make the appointment himself when a vacancy
occurs in his district ? The .law of 1845 says it
shall be madein theState; but the provision which
we now propose to pass says the appointment shall
only be made by the Representative- himself, or
upon his recommendation. I see no necessity,
therefore, for requiring the Secretary of the Navy
to report when the vacancies occur.
Mr. POLK. How are we to know when va-
cancies do occur ?
Mr. HOUSTON. We may know by reference
to the Department. But I have 110 objection to
this portion of the amendment. Let them report
that this or that or the other midshipman's place
is vacant. I will change my reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee. He asks how we ore to
know when these vacancies occur ? Why, sir, as
soon as this law is passed, it will become the duty
of the Secretary of the Navy, ah soon as a va-
cancy occurs, to consult the member from the dis-
trict for which such vacancy occurs. That is
made his duty by the very language of the section
proposed by the gentleman from Mich gan. PJe
cannot make the appointment without consulting
the member of Congress in whose district the va-
cancy occurs. I think the amendment is unne-
cessary. v-
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers upon the
amendment; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Clingman, and Stanton of Tennessee, were up-
pointed.
