1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
Mr. FLOYD resumed, and concluded his re-
marks without further interruption. He said that
the number of persons in the North who had any
other than extreme dislike to slavery was exceed-
ingly small, and their influence inconsiderable;
nor would the citizens of that portion of the coun-
try willingly consent to the extension of slavery.
They had but one voice on that subject, and that
was for the personal and individual freedom of
man. He then reviewed the compromise measures,
expressed his objections to the fugitive slave law;
ana in conclusion said, that if the Democratic par-
ty should incorporate the compromise measures in
their creed as a test, they would meet with disas-
ter and defeat.
[The speech of Mr. F. will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. F. having concluded—
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no amendment
to be offered to this bill, it will be laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I intend, before I take
my seat, to move that the committee vise. My
object is to terminate debate on this bill; and it is
my desire to do so on each succeeding territorial
bill upon the calendar, as it may come up, so that
the matters contained in the bill maybe discussed
upon their merits under the five minutes rule. I
move that the committee rise and report the bill
already laid aside to be reported.
The question was then put and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union had had the
state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the special order, and had directed
him to report to the House Senate bill No. 134,
with an amendment, and House bill No. 187,
without .amendment, with a recommendation that
they do pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My motion included
only one of the bills. The latter bill for the con-
struction of military roads in Oregon Territory has
not been discussed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (the chairman
of the committee.) I suppose the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] must be mistaken, as
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole ex-
pressly asked whether there were any amendments
to be offered to that bill, and it there were none,
that it would be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe the bill is right,
and I think it does not need any amendment. 1
intended, however, to include only one bill in my
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was certainly not under-
stood that the bill, which was last under debate,
was to be reported to the House. I expressly
asked the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only knows the
report made by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. STANTON. There js certainly no mis-
take about it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there be no objection,
I will move to recommit the last bill to the com-
mittee a^ain.
The SPEAKER. The first bill will be reported
to the House. It is Senate bill No. 134, author-
izing the Governor of the Territory of New Mex-
ico to call an'extra session of the Legislative
Assembly of that Territory, should the same be
deemed necessary and expedient. The Commit-
tee of the Whole have reported this bill to the
House, with an amendment, striking out the
words " six months" in the seventh line, and in-
serting " ninety days." The first question is
upon the adoption of the amendment.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to he
engrossed for a third read in?; ana having been
engrossed, it was read the third time and passed.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
The bill for the construction of military roads
in Oregon was next in order.
Mr. RIOHAIIOSON. There is, I believe, no
objection to the bill for the construction of military
roads in Oregon Territory, althonsrh it was not
discussed upon its merits m the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Almost every
other question but that was debated. There pro-
ceeds from the Committee on Territories, or any
member, no proposition to amend it, so far as 1
know, and I will, therefore, call for the previous
question upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. With the gentleman's consent
I will ask him a question. I desire to know
whether these roads come here with the recom-
mendation of the War Department, or that of any
officers of the War Department; and whether
there is any estimate, or anything of that kind?
I desire to add, before the answer is made, that
hitherto such appropriations for military roads
have been included in the army bill. I do not
rise to throw any obstacle in the way to the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will reply that the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] not
now in his seat, reported this bill from another
committee than that of which I am a member.
The delegate from Oregon understands fully this
subject, and with a view to allow him to submit
an explanation, I withdraw my call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will perceive
that the bill, as it stands, is a bill for internal im-
provements, though ostensibly said to be for mili-
tary roads. Hitherto, as I have remarked before,
such appropriations have been in the army bill.
A military road in an army bill is one thing, but
a bill beginninga system of internal improvements
is altogether another. If these roads come from
the War Department, intended to be included in
the army bill, I do not see why they should be
made an original bill. I wish to be informed on
j what authority they have been proposed.
! Mr. LANE. I think I shall be able to satisfy
I the gentleman from New York with regard to the
; provisions of this bill. It was introduced by my-
I self, and referred to the Committee on Roads and
! Canals. That committee reported it back, with
| the recommendation that it do pass.
It is true the bill is not predicated upon any rec-
ommendation of the Secretary ofWar, nor have
the committee reported the same upon any other
evidence than the representations made by myself,
showing the absolute necessity which exists for
the appropriation provided for in the bill under
consideration. The bill provides for the location
and establishment of a military road, commencing
at Fort Stilacoom, on Puget's Sound, north of
Columbia river, and terminating at Fort Walla-
walla, a distance of not more than one hundred
and seventy miles. This road is important as a
military thoroughfare, and quite indispensable to
the convenience of the citizens of the noithern
portion of the Territory, as well as emigrants
traveling in that portion of the country. An-
other road, or rather a continuation of that to
which I have just alluded, is proposed to be estab-
lished from Fort Stilacoom to a point on the Co-
lumbia river, some forty miles from its mouth;
and this too is necessary for the tiansportation of
supplies for the troops at the fort 1 have just
mentioned. The bill now before the House fur-
ther provides for opening a road from the mouth
of Myrtle creek, on the Umpqua river, to Camp
Stewart, in Rogue River Valley. At or near this
point troops designed for the protection of the em-
igrants on the frontiers of the Territory will, in
ji all probability, be stationed. If a garrison is es-
tablished there, (and I have no doubt there will
be,) the construction of this road will be found in-
dispensable for mihtaiy purposes. The country
through which these roads pass is exceedingly
difficult of access, and the appropriations pro-
posed to be made by this bill are, in my opinion,
demanded not only for the military uses I have
specified, but are essential to the convenience of
a large portion of the people I have the honor to
represent here.
Mr. HOUSTON. That bill came into the
House from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union more by a misunderstanding
than anything else. I was aware that it was a
bill making appropriations for the construction of
roads in the Territory of Oregon, and I inquired
of the chairman at the time the vote was about
lo be put upon the motion that the committee
rise, whether this bill was to he reported or not.
He told me that this bill was not to be included in
j his report. I stated that if this bill was included
1 in thereport, I should interpose objection. Now
! it turns out to be  
Mr. RICHARDSON. There was a misappre-
hension between the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole, [Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee,] and
myself. I did not express myself as I had de-
signed to. My object was to report the bill in
relation to New Mexico, and when we got into
the House to move the termination of debate upon
this one m committee, in order, as soon as might
be, to bring the committee to a vote upon it, and
affoid opportunity for the consideration of other
territorial bilks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to throw any
obstacles in the way of the progress of the terri-
torial business. I have shown throughout that
my desire is to proceed with that business as
rapidly as we can with safety; but it must he evi-
dent that this bill is not before theHousein a con-
dition that will justify it in voting its adoption. T
trust the Delegate from Oregon will give me his
attention for a moment. I understand that the
roads to be constructed under the appropriations
proposed in this bill have never been surveyed
under the orders of the War Department. Am I
correct in that assertion?
Mr. LANE. That is so.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Delegate acknowledges
the correctness of that declaration. It is true we
have in days gone by—but it is a policy to which
I have never subscribed, but, on the contrary, have
always condemned as an individual member of
this House by my vote—prosecuted these roads
under the direction of the War Department, after
that Department had made the survey ofhnes and
reported to us the estimates and the necessity for
them. In this case, as I understand the Delegate
from Oregon, it is a bill introduced by himself and
carrying out his own views of the wants and ne-
cessities of his constituents; but with a view to
have'he hill meet with the general acquiescence
of the House, the Delegate very wisely and very
shrewdly placed the expenditure under the direc-
tion of the War Department, when m truth and
in feet there has never been a survey of the roads,
and no order for a survey to he made. There has
been no examination of their locality; and we
know nothing of the views of the War Depart-
ment relative to this bill, or the necessity for the
construction of the roads proposed in it. If we
propose to build military roads under the direc-
tion of the War Department, it seems to me but
proper respect we owe to the Secretary of War
and to ourselves, that we should first authorize an
examination and survey to be made, and allow
him to report to us the estimates and the necessity
for the construction of the roads, and for what
purpose they are intended to be used. Upon his
estimates and report, the House can then base its
action.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to correct a statement
the gentleman has made, with regard to the gen-
eral policy pursued in the construction of these
roads. I pursued- the very same course that the
Delegate from Oregon is now pursuing, at the first
session of the last Congress. I introduced a bill,
granting to Minnesota a sum of money to con-
strue' certain roads in that Territory, which never
had been surveyed by the War Department,
which was leferred to a committee, and reported
back favorably; but, in accordance with precedent,
that money was placed under the charge of the
War Department, and the Secretary ofWar was
made responsible for Us proper disbursement. I
make this statement, to correct the misapprehen-
sion of the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means,
Mr. HOUSTON. That does not alter at all the
principle I hnve set out with. The gentleman
state/that he introduced bills in the manr.ei that
the Delegate from Oregon has now done, at th'e
first session of the last Congress. That nrw be
so; but the earlier practice and precedents of the
Government, I presume, up to the very session
when the Delegate from Minnesota introduced the
bill to which'he alludes, has universally been,
that the War Department make its surveys and
estimates before the House is called upon to act.
What are we now do:ng? Who, in this House,
except thehonoiable Delegate from Oregon him-
self, knows the necessity of these roads, either in
a local or a military point of view. I ask my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] whether lie
hns not already stated that he did not repoit (his
bill, and therefore does not stand responsible for
its provisions. I will ask the gentleman who did
