1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
a queer question, and to be answered in rather a
queer way,—that I have no doubt the gentleman
from Oregon knows just as much about the time
that would be consumed in sending out and having
surveys made, as he does about the cost of making
the roads without surveys. I have no hesitation
in saying, in reply to the very emphatic remark
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,]
that I have as much confidence in the representa-
tions of the Delegate from Oregon as anyhody;
but then 1 have not confidence enough in any
member of this House, either from a State or a
Territory, to agree to support appropriations,
commencing a system of internal ^improvements
when no man can tell whether it will cost ten
thousand or one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. ROBINSON. Yet, you would have con-
fidence in a cadet from West Point.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would have confidence in
the Department that has control over the subject
of surveys, If the House has not confidence in it,
it would be as well, and much better to disband
that branch of our military service.
It will not do for us to attempt to justify what
I regard as a loose practice of legislation by say-
ing that I have no confidence in the War Depart-
ment, or its officers. If we have no confidence in
them, let us suspend them and be done with it.
Why keep up an engineer corps if we have no
confidence in what they do? We send them out
to survey our rivers. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, I presume, has voted for appropriations to
survey rivers preparatory to their being made
navigable.
Mr. ROBINSON. I never have done it in my
life.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, if the gentleman has
not, other gentlemen have who are quite as reliable
as either he or I.
But, sir, I am not opposing this bill upon the
ground of want of confidence in the Delegate from
Oregon—not at all. That does not come up. But
1 put it to the House, are you prepared now, even
with all the sympathy for the Territories which
we all have, and which I have—are you prepared
to commence a system of internal improvements
at the mere request of the Representative from a
Territory ?
I understand it to be the practice of the Com-
mittee on Commerce—and if I am mistaken, the
chairman of that committee can correct me—not
to make appropriations for harbors and rivers,
and all that class of internal improvements, unless
there has been a survey, and estimates accompany
that survey.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Alabama, I will
say, that so far as my knowledge is concerned on
the subject of appropriations for what are termed
*' internal improvements"—embracing in that term
appropriations for rivers and for harbors, and, I
will also add, for roads—1 believe the general
practice has been almost universally to require a
survey and an estimate from the Topographical
Bureau before the Government has been called
upon to enter upon the work. I deem it a judi-
cious and safe practice, and one which ought not,
without good reason, to be departed from.
I will, with the permission of the gentleman
from Alabama, add that I believe there have been
cases of appropriations made for rivers and har-
bors, where the amount has been very definite,
and could be definitely ascertained from the repre-
sentations that were made to the committee, so
that they believed not a very large expenditure
would be required, in which, without going
through the formality of a survey and estimate,
the appropriations have been made. But the gen-
eral rule is as the gentleman from Alabama has
stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ore-
gon himself places this bill upon a ground on
which 1 do not think this House can venture to
sustain it, even with what I regard, as I before
remarked, the rather loose rule of construction on
the subject of internal improvements which exists
in the minds of many of my friends on both sides
of the House. The gentleman says that these
roads are important for emigrants to pass over;
and that unless the appropriation is made, the
emigrants going to that country cannot get there.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman did not under-
stand me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield to the gentleman
for explanation.
Mr. LANE. Every gentleman in the House
will recollect that I stated that the road from Fort
Stilacoom to Fort Walla-Walla was necessary for
military purposes, and for the convenience of
emigrants going into that country. I furthermore
stated that a road from Columbia river to Fort
Stilacoom was also necessary, for the purpose of
transporting supplies from the Columbia river to
that post, for the subsistence of the troops garri-
soned there. I then undertook to show, and per-
haps I did it very imperfectly, that a road from the
settlements in Oregon to Rogue River Valley was
necessary for military purposes. I have recently
i received a number of letters stating that the Rogue
River Indians have already threatened depreda-
tions. and that with the opening of summer a
bloody Indian war may be expected. Now, if
the Government does not send out a force for the
protection of the people of Oregon Territory} and
of those en route to and from California, the peo-
; pie of Oregon will have to organize a volunteer
: force of their own, sufficient to chastise these In-
| dians. A point has been selected in Rogue River
! Valley, near where Captain Stuart was killed last
■ summer by these Indians, and a road leading
j south from Myrtle creek, on the Umpqua river,
j to the Rogue River Valley, is necessary for mili-
J tary purposes, and would also be very convenient
i for the people of the Territory.
i I desire now to call the attention of the House
j to the fact, that Oregon Territory is costing the
Government of the United States very little.
; There are but few troops there, and this is the first
! appropriation that has been asked for the purpose
i of assisting the people of the Territory in making
! roads. The formation of the country is such, as
' to require some aid from the Government—some-
' thing more than the people themselves can do, to
enable them to open ways to travel to and from the
important points, and "the military posts of the
country. If the gentleman from Alabama could
see at this moment, that in case of Indian hostili-
ties, it would cost more than the amount of the
appropriation asked, to remove the troops from
one point to another in the Territory, he certainly
would not oppose this appropriation. It is a small
one, and I know it to be necessary. I am not
sure that some military commander has not rec-
necessary for the War Department, and it is rea-
sonable to suppose that the head of the War De-
partment knows where troops are necessary, an d
what facilities are required for those troops, better
than the Delegate from the Territory of Oregon,
or any member of this body. They know better
whether roads are necessary, from one point to
another, and where they shall be located.
But it is a singular fact, and one to which T wish
to call the attention of the House, that although
these roads purport to be military roads, the bill
was reported from the internal improvement com-
mittee. Now, if they are military roads, why did
the bill go to the Committee on Roads and Canals ?
Its proper destination, if they are military roads,
would have been the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. That committee properly has charge of all
objects and matters relating to the defense of the
country, and of roads necessary to the transport-
ation of troops and supplies.
But some gentlemen seem to question whether
it has been the practice for the War Department
to estimate for these roads. Now, here I find in
the estimates for the present session of Congress
one for a road from Point Douglass, across the
Territory of Minnesota, to the Missouri river; and
there are other estimates here for roads in the
same Territory. Now, these are estimates sub-
mitted to the House, the present session of Con-
gress, by the proper authorities. If, then, it was
proper for them to do that for Minnesota, why
is it not proper for them to go a little further, and
do the same thing for Oregon > So it seems to
me, notwithstanding the argument of the gentle-
man, the practice of the House has been the other
way.
Mr. SIBLEY. If thegentleman will allow me,
I merely want to state, that ail these roads have
been surveyed by the War Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am glad the gentleman has
told me that. All these roads have been surveyed
under the direction of the War Department, and
I think a like survey is necessary for the roads
provided for in this bill.
Mr. LANE. 1 ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to recollect, that the surveys he proposes to
make would cost this Government more than the
appropriation this bill proposes to make to con-
struct the roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be. It may be
i ommended it, but as I have no official information li that the roads would never be surveyed at all;
| of that fact, I will not say that it has been so jj that the Department which has charge of the mil-
i recommended. j; itary operations of the country would decide that
| In conclusion, I will add, at the risk of a little || they were not necessary in that region in the
repetition, that while it is true that the roads I \] country.
have mentioned, and for the establishment ofj: Mr. HENN. My recollection m regard to
j which this appropriation is asked, would prove ofi these appropriations is, that they were first made
i great utility and convenience to a large portion of jj without estimates from the War Department, and
1 the people of Oregon, they are seriously demanded j: that estimates were afterwards made, and the rec-
by the military interests of the country, and I hope
for that reason, if for no other, will not be de-
nied.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall now conclude, in a
very few words, what I have to say upon this
subject. And I wish to reply to the view pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rob-
inson] and repeated by the gentleman from Ore-
oliection of several gentlemen to whom I referred
was the same,for their continuation or completion.
I have, however, referred to the law upon the
subject, and I find it bears me out in my lecollec-
tion, inasmuch as appropriations have been made
precisely similar to that proposed in this hill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thank the gentleman for
his recollection; but when it comes in direct con-
gon, that this is a small appropriation, that it is jj flict with the record I have before me, I am com-
i not extravagant, and that it is the first theTerritory ii pelled to rely upon the record, and not his memory,
has asked for. Now, I feel the force of all that, i; Mr. HENN. Those1 estimates are for roads
but I ask if it touches the principle involved ? I already surveyed.
do not care if it is only a hundred dollars; still, if I, Mr. HOUSTON. I will show the gentleman
; m truth it is not necessary, why, then, it is an ji that he is mistaken upon this subject, and that he
i improper appropriation. I do not charge the Ter- j( has not examined it, as he could not, because lie
I ritory with being extravagant. On the contrary, it , has not had the time. Why, is it a supposition
1 is one of your cheapest Territories But I think I ! that is reasonable, that after an appropriation for
; dispose of the argument of the gentleman by say- j! the construction of a road has been made and ex-
ing, that although it is not a large appropriation— j
some fifty or sixty thousand dollars being em- ;
1 braced m the bill—yet,if thefifty thousand dollars '
j are not necessary, if they are to be thrown away,
! if they are to be expended upon roads that may
1 turn out to be useless, why, then, as a matter of
i course, it is an appropriation that ought not to be
j made.
1 The Delegate from Oregon says these roads are
j necessary for military purposes. Now, if he is
] correct in that statement—and I have no doubt he
j is honest in his opinion—why did he not refer
j this matter to some of the military authorities for
! the purpose of obtaining information which could
| be relied upon? Why, he says ''the military
1 bureaus are not to be relied upon." Mr. Speak-
! er, they are relied upon to furnish the estimates
pended that the War Department should then sur-
vey the road and estimate for it ? No, sir. Before
; you proceed with the work, it must be surveyed
j and the estimate made out. All these things must
; precede the making of theappropriation. 'That is
ji my recollection; and, if you will go back to the
practice of the Government, I am"quite sure you
.i will find that I am correct. I do not pretend to
;! deny that there may be cases differingfrom it, but
;j you will find that it has been the general practice
;; of the Government.
jj Mr. BISSELL. There is scarcely a£iything
ji which enlists my sympathy more deeply than the
jj interests of the Territories. My feelings are so
j; strongly drawn out towards that class of o\ir eiti-
j! zens who go to inhabit the distant Territories, that
li I can hardly ever bring my mind tu the con\ictkm
