1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48S
eraliy well paid for their services. It is well
known to every member of this committee that
both registers and receivers are each paid an an-
nual salary of §500. Besides this, they receive a
percentage upon the moneys received upon all cash
entries. I will call the attention of the committee
to the case of a single land office, as atl illustra-
tion of the dut ies performed and the compensation
therefor. I will take the land office where the
office of register was filled by my honorable col-
league, [Mr. Brenton.] And, by the way, it real-
ly seems to me that my colleague shows his great
modesty by his exceedingly warm support of this
bill, having himself just left a land office which is
to be affected by it, and therefore being directly
interested. And I know that my colleague is a
very candid man, and would do nothing but what
lie thought strictly right, even in a matter wherein
lie was himself directly interested; but, sir, it is so
very natural for one to work himself into the belief
that a thing is right which is for his interest, that
I think it would be well for the committee to at
least scrutinize the arguments of my colleague
closely, for fear that, notwithstanding all his can-
dor, his judgment maybea little warped. Now,
sir, our rules prohibit a member from votingupon
a measure under such circumstances; and it seems
to me that modesty should forbid him from so
earnestly advocating it. But that is merely a mat-
ter of taste, about which I do not feel particularly
interested. The amount of money received at the
land office of Fort Wayne, in Indiana, the first
quarter of 1850, was $893; the second quarter,
§8,528; the third quarter., §7,285; fourth quarter,
S,U50; first quarter of 1851, $4,98S; second quarter,
$529, and the third quarter $589; and so it goes on
pretty much in that way. That is the amount of
•money received into the public Treasury; and for
receiving this the officers are entitled to a salary of
§500 a year, besides one per cent, upon the amount
of money actually received. But he shows you
that he has not been well paid in locating these land
warrants. Let us see. The whole number of Mex-
ican land warrants located at the Fort Wayne of-
fice, from the first issue of those warrants to the
present time, is two hundred and forty three.
For this extra service, the Government have paid j
each year $500 to the officer, and besides tlus, he I
was entitled to receive, and undoubtedly has re-
ceived, half a dollar for locating each warrant not
located by the original warrantee, and very few,
as I have before shown, have been. Yet the gen-
tleman seems to think they have not been well
paid. What is true in reference to Fort Wayne,
es true in reference to one half of the offices,
though at some of the offices much less has been
received than at Fort Wayne; at some, in fact,
for whole quarters nothing at all has been receiv-
ed. I undertake to say, that a majority of them
are paid as much as they ought to be, for the num-
ber of land warrants located. I do not believe
it is a very great hardship upon them.
Mr. BISSELL. If two hundred land warrants
were located there, then the receiver cannot re-
ceive as much as $200 under this law, unless they
were one hundred and sixty acre warrants. The j
receiver or register under the law we propose,
would not receive from it so much, at any rate no
more, than $200. Is not that a great sum? Now,
thexe is the amount the receiver at Fort Wayne is \
to receive under this law.
Mr. DUNHAM. That is not a very great
sum, it is true; but when you put together what
we are asked to pay to all these officers for past
and present services, it does make, as I have here-
tofore shown, a very large sum indeed; and if
the officer is not deserving of the pay, why should
we pay him at all? It is a simple question,
whether these services have been properly com-
pensated ? Every western man knows, who has
any experience in these public offices, that these
officers are engaged in other business, and are
discharging other duties by no means interfering
with the business of these offices.
I know it is said that this §500 salary is for of-
fice-rent, fuel, &c., the books, blanks and station-
ery being furnished by the Government; but, sir, 1
will appeal to mv colleague himself, that it is far
more than sufficient for that purpose. I presume
very few if any of the offices occupied cost a rent
of 55100 per annum. I apprehend, then, sir, that
the excess of this $500 salary, after paying rent
and contingencies, increased by the fee of fifty
cents per warrant, proposed by my amendment,
will be ample compensation for the labors per-
formed by these officers in locating these warrants.
At the time my colleague was appointed regis-
ter of the land office at Fort Wayne, a Democrat
was turned out to make a place for him. I do not
think that Democrat was anxious to be removed
because th£ compensation was inadequate, or for
any other reason, and 1 do think my colleague,
as well as several other hungry Whig office seek-
ers, were anxious to be appointed in his place.
I never heard that my colleague was disposed to
give up the office until he thought there was a
chance for him to be elected to a seat on this floor,
although he had before that held it ample time to
have enabled him to ascertain whether he was
sufficiently paid for his labor.
Mr. Chairman, it is seldom you find a mall out
of office, who desires to hold office at all, who
does not believe that the emoluments are ample
and desirable; and you as seldom find one in office
who believes that he is sufficiently compensated
for the great sacrifices which he makes to give to
the country the benefit of his services and great
talents.
Mr. SWEETSER. I regret'exceedingly to in-
terfere with this pleasant episode on the part of
the gentleman from Indiana. I rise for the pur-
pose of opposing the amendment which has been
offered by my honorable friend upon my right,
and for the purpose of opposing all amendments
to this section. It is not my desire that this sec-
tion should be made palatable, after the demon-
stration which has been made here in relation to
the details of this hill. It seems to me that the
friends of the original proposition—the first sec-
tion—which makes these land warrants assigna-
ble, should cease further debate, and make it a test
question, in relation to striking out the second
section, which will be fatal to the balance of the
bill. I know there was a very decided expression
of opinion upon the motion made by the honorable
member from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to strike
out the second section. That motion seemed to
cover the balance of the bill. There was a dem-
onstration here, that this House was convinced
that the original proposition to make these land
warrants assignable, should be passed. But in
relation to the details of the bill, other proposi-
tions were brought in and tacked upon the back
of this proposition, which may receive the sanc-
tion of the House at a proper time; but the friends
of the measure were unwilling to agree to the sep-
arate provisions offered, because they were out of
place. Now, I say to these gentlemen, however
much we may differ in relation to these pi ovisions,
let us pass the original proposition. I a«k gen-
tlemen desirous of retaining the original proposi-
tion, why shall we procrastinate this matter fur-
ther? Let us come to a test vote upon striking
out the second section. That is what we desire.
After we come to that vote, then, if there is a
majority of the House who decide in favor of
striking" out, gentlemen who have their different
propositions, can bring them forward and submit
them to the favorable consideration of Congress.
I will vote to give them a special commirtee, and
let the friends of the various propositions have an
opportunity of making a favorable showing for
their friends.
It is obvious to all that these gentlemen cannot
and do not agree among themselves m relation to
the details of their favorite propositions. That
disagreement of itself furnishes sufficient reason
for the House to reject now all the extraneous
measures.
It would be unsafe and unwise in the committee
to attempt to dispose of these various propositions
in the absence of all agreement upon the details,
and in the haste which seems to be demanded by
the pressing wishes of our constituents. Let us
cease offering amendments, bring the committee to
a test vote, and yield fairly to the will of the ma-
jority of the committee. I do not doubt, neither
can gentlemen who differ with me doubt, but it is
the wish and intention of this committee to strip
this bill of all crude and irrelevant propositions.
I indulge the hope that we may speedily and
without further delay, pass the law which is de-
manded, and in due time give our attention to the
various propositions now before the committee,
and dispose of each, all, in accordance with justice.
Mr. HENN moved that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was not
agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken upon. Mr. Don-
ham's amendment, and it was rejected.,
Mr. SAClvETT. I moveto strike out all after
tlie word " seven," in the sixth line, and' in-
sert, "on each land warrant of forty acres, fifty
cents; for each land warrant of eighty acres,
$1; and for each land warrant of one hundred and
sixty acres, $2."
In presenting this amendment, I wish to call the
attention of the especial friends of this provision
of the bill, to its consideration. I have become
satisfied myself that there is a strong disposition
in the House against giving to these registers, who
have really performed these duties, any compen-
sation whatever, I think that is unjust, I think
it would require five or six registers or receivers,
and for thein to do all this business without any
additional compensation whatever, would he un-
equal and unjust. This proposition is a graduated
proposition, based upon the same principle pre-
cisely as the percentage principle, only it is half
the amount proposed by the original bill itself.
That is one per cent, to each of the officers. The
effect of this is to give half per cent, to each of
them, and it is based upon the proposition of ma-
king every grade of warrant equal'—a warrant for
forty acres payingthe same per cent, as a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres, thus steering
clear of all the difficulties that have been suggested
in regard to that point in the case. If there is
anything to be preserved to these men, who really
performed these duties, I woujd suggest to the
friends of this provision of the bill, whether it
would not be wise to adopt this proposition of half
per cent., or a proposition that is equivalent to
half per cent.., and pi eserve an equality between all
warrants, giving to each register and receiver fifty
cents for every forty acre warrant,; §1 for every
eighty acre warrant, and $2 for every one hun-
dred and sixty acre warrant.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to this and all other amendments to the bill.
The proposition of my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] meets with my heaity concurrence.
I trust that we shall speedily come to a vote upon
striking out all of this bill but the first section,
which makes land warrants assignable, and, of
course, available to those who have received them
from the Government in acknowledgment of servi-
ces rendered. I have listened with some attention
to this debate, and with a sincere desire to be in-
formed about the details of the bill, but conless
, that the only part which I fully comprehend is that
i which provides for the compensation of land ofii-
1 cers,as well the incumbents as their predecessors.
| We bear that the emoluments and salaries are porn-
I and insufficient—that the compensationisutterly in-
adequate for the services rendered. Sir, I am aplain
man and come from a plain people, amongst whom
common sense is a marked characteristic. When
by the turns of the wheel of fortune an office gets
fixed upon a man, and the income is not sufficient
for his support, the old people advise him to resign.
We are apprised that there is no part of the coun-
try where it is lawful to hold a man violently in
office. I also remark, that when, in the mutations^
by which power is transferred from the hands of
one party to another, and the incumbents of office
i are removed, we hear great murmuring amongst
those who have been turned out from thoseunpro fit-
able stations. I now understand the problem.
These gentlemen have determined to serve the
■ country from patriotic motives; and when a Dem-
ocratic" President obstructs their hitrh purpose, by
removal of Whigs, they have a right to complain,
i and so when a Whig Executive ejects Democrats
! from stations, in which they were determined
' to demonstrate their devotedness to the country,
i and the country alone, I am not surprised that
they give utterance to feelings of dissatisfaction.
| Above all, sir, I would not go back and vote com-
! pensation to those who have been kept from pecu-
! niary sacrifice by a removal from office. No, sir,
those who, having determined to throw themselves
upon the wave of patriotism and be wafted to honor
! and immortal fame, should be permitted to win the
i' pri/.e. I would not stain the lustre of their renown
j |jy minchng the sordid consideration of filthy luci e,
j1 in the shape of back rations, with their claims to
! our gratitude. It is the warm current of patriotic
n feeling which determines them to give up all in tlie
!, self-denving duty of holding office, for, strange to
I. tell, all the offices are filled. There is 110 lack of
