1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1390
which the Senate may act as their judgment may-
direct. This bill was one of the earliest reported
by the Committee on Public Lands. Two bills
were referred to that committee, both for roads
commencing with Milwaukee, and both running to
the Mississippi river. The committee reported
this bill which left the point open upon the Mis-
sissippi river to be fixed by the Legislature of the
State. The other bill proposed to commence at
Milwaukee, and run to Prairie la Croix, thus
fixing the point on the Mississippi river. Both
bills provided for roads running from the same
point to the Mississippi river—one fixing the
point on the river, the other not. Subsequently
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wu,ker,] by
an amendment incorporated in another bill, fixed
the point on the river at Prairie la Croix. That
was adopted by the Senate and passed. That was
not, however, reported by the committee. My
impression was, that when that was adopted, it
would be a substitute for this bill running from
the same point. I wish to ask the Senators whether
their design is to obtain the passage of two bills
for roads, both commencing at the same point on
Lake Michigan—Milwaukie—and both running
to the Mississippi river; one fixing the point there
at Prairie la Croix, and this one leaving the point
open to be fixed by the Legislature? The action
of the committee was never had upon the other
bill fixing the point at Prairie la Croix; that is,
it was never reported upon. Wethougluitbetter
to leave the point upon the Mississippi to be fixed
by the Legislature. This seems to be the same
route, and I ask the attention of the Senators from
Wisconsin to it.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I would stale,
in anssver to the Senator from Michigan, that this
bill does not designate the pointon the Mississippi
river. The Legislature of the State have given
instruction to their Representatives upon that sub-
ject. I will furthermore state, that the road has
been commenced, and twenty-eight or thirty miles
of it completed. It is, perhaps, one of the best
railroads in the United States, ft has been graded
for a distance of forty or fifty miles. The whole
distance is not to exceed one hundred and sixty-
three miles. The great proportion of our popu-
lation is south of the Wisconsin river. A large
amount h«s already been expended upon the road,
and they are now running cars upon part of it,and
the belief is that it will reach Madison, the seat of
government, in the course of twelve months, in
my course, I have been governed by the opinion
of the Legislature of the State, and by my own
views of the propriety of the subject: and i trust
the Senate will nut, under the circumstances of the
case—the road having been commenced, and the
grading having been completed for, perhaps, fifty
miles—throw it aside, and give the preference to
other roads, where the population is sparse.
Mr. WALKER. I should regret exceedingly
if this bill should fail. The Senator from Michi-
gan is clearly under a misapprehension about one
fact. His opinion is, that the two roads upon
which we have proposed legislation conflict with
one another. That is a mistake. This bill, os I
■understood, my colleague, and as I always have
understood the bill, contemplates a road now in
process of construction, from Milwaukie, by way
of Madison, in the State of Wisconsin, to the
Mississippi river. That road is now partly com-
pleted, and much the greater part of it is now un-
der contract. There are trams of cars tunning
upon it regularly some distance further than my
colleague supposes. I think the cars are running
on it for a distance of about forty-five miies.
They are running to the edge of Jefferson county.
That road runs in a southwesterly direction from
Milwaukie, while the road to Prairie la Croix runs
in a northwesterly direction. The northwestern
road connects with a stretch of the Mississippi
. river, which lies in the direction of Milwaukie, for
some one hundred and seventy miles, and connects
with the St. Peter's river, with the new Menomo-
nee purchase, and the new territory which we are
about to acquire in the northwest—the Mississippi
river connecting with this road, to run in the direc-
tion of Milwaukie. It is almost a straight line !
from Milwaukie, in connection with the route to
Chicago, and jhence by the Central Railroad to
Mobile, in Alabama. It consequently forms an
entire connection south, by way of Chicago, Mil-
waukie, and through this stretch of the Mississippi
river in the Northwest, and, as I remarked before,
forming a connection with the new country called
St. Peter's country. It is an entire mistake to
suppose that the grant for the road leading south-
west from Milwaukie at all conflicts with it. The
points diverge from each other at Milwaukie, the
one running southwest, and the other northwest,
to the Mississippi river, at Prairie la Croix, con-
necting- there with the river, and also with St. Pe-
ter's river.
The Senate need not be a great deal alarmed
about this grant, for 1 think I can assure them that
the route through which this road is surveyed is
almost entirely sold. If this road would take the
alternate sections in any portion of the State, it
would be in rather a poor region of country, and
would have a tendency, as the bill increases the
price of the alternate sections, to bring into notice,
and into the market, lands which have been here-
to foie refuse lands, and which, I have no doubt,
will continue so for all time, unless this road should
be constuicted. I do not think that Congress,
even if this was grunting an out and out donation,
would be granting a great deal; but, as the altern-
ate sections are refuse lands, and will probably
only be sold by this means, I think the Govern-
ment will lose nothing by making the grant. I
hope it will be made, and that the bill will nass.
Mr. DAWSON. I think, Mr. President, it is
very desirable on the part of the Senate to inves-
tigate this question a little moie thoroughly. The
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands has
stated that one of the bills for the State of Wis-
consin which has already passed this body, never
received the sanction of that committee. It was
an amendment, as I understand, presented to the
body, f nd pro\ iding for a railroad from Wilwaukie
to the Mississippi river. This bill proposes another
road, to start from Milwaukie again, and to go to
the Mississippi river in another direction. It is
said that this bill was introduced by the Senator
under legislative instiuction. Now, sir, is it say-
ing too much on the part of one who feels a deep
interest m these public lands, that it seems as if
the Senators from the new States are only to intro-
duce bills asking for appropriations of public lands
to build railroads, mul no investigation wbate\er
takes place* This bill lias one thing to recommend
it whu-h others have not, making donations of
public, lands for the purpose of building railroads
—it is a railroad already mcorpoiated, I suppose,
for the benefit of a privuic company. Am 1 right5
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. I am correct. This railroad
has then been incorporated, and a private company
has undertaken its construction. It has not yet
completed it, but has in operation aboutfifty miles
of it.
Mr. WALKER. Forty-five.
Mr. DAWSON. And we are now called upon
to give to the company the alternate sections for a
certain distance on each side of the road, begin-
ning at Milwaukie, until it runs to the Mississippi
river, although forty-five miles have already been
constructed. The road for which a bill has already
been passed, runs, of course, if not parallel, di-
verging from Milwaukie to the Mississippi. The
two roads may start a mile from each other, pos-
sibly a hundred yards, or may be from the same
depot, and lead to the same stream; and the only
suggestion made on the part of the Senator from
Wisconsin here, is, that he wants to tap the Mis-
sissippi below at one point, and above at another
point, m order to avoid the communication be-
tween these two points on the Mississippi, which
I suppose to be navigable from point to point. I
presume there can be no doubt of that.
Then, can we be acting with justice towards
the Government and the finances of the country,
and with nny degree of justice towards the older
States, when we thus liberally, and without any
necessity whatever, give these public lands, as
they are thus asked for? The Senator from Wis-
consin, who last addressed us, [Mr. Walker,J
for the purpose of lulling us, and satisfying us
that this thing is to amount to nothing, states that
the lands along this road are so poor that nobody
has settled upon them, and that they never will
be settled upon. If that be true, there is no neces-
sity for a railroad there. If the soil be so poor,
and the population so sparse, then there is no
earthly necessity for it. *
Mr. "WALKER. I said no such thing. The
Senator misunderstood me. I said that, the lands
remaining unsold were the refuse lands of the
country. It is a denselv-settled 'country; but
the lands remaining unsold are refuse, such as
river bluffs and creek bluffs sell the
alternate sections for $2 50 an acre, if for any-
thing, more readily by the construction of this
road, and consequently the Government will lose
nothing.
Mr. DAWSON. All the good lan4s are sold.
Where, then, are you to get the alternate sections
to make the complement? You must go.off to
other portions of Wisconsin to get them.
Mr. WALKER. You cannot get them on this
road.
Mr. DAWSON. You cannot get them on this
road, but you can get them somewhere in the
State of Wisconsin. For the purpose of looking
into this matter, and feeling an unwillingness at
any time to go against my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Dodge;] and because of the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, representing a new State, suggesting that
even he thought this ought not to be allowed; and
thinking it due to the Representatives of the old
States that they should have an opportunity to
look into it, I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, my desire was
not so much to tluow any difficulties in the way
of this bill, as to state the facts as they occurred.
The committee were disposed to grant to the State
of Wisconsin a report in favor of one of the roads
across the country, from Milwaukie to the Mis-
sissippi river. That was our design; and we said
to the Senators from that State that we had no
choice, of course, in regard to the route. My
impression was, when the amendment was made
to the other bill, which passed some few .days
since, which made the terminus of the route on
the Mississippi river, at Prairie la Croix, that it
was intended by the Senator to be a substitute for
this bill. With that we were content; and I did
not think it my duty, when it was presented, to
make .an explanation, supposing that when this
came up it would be satisfactory to all parties not
to act upon it.
I wish further to state, that there is an applica-,
tion before the committee for another railroad
across the State, from the waters of Lake Michigan
to t he waters of the M ississippi river, taking a route
still further north; and the committee, in acting
upon that, if they are to recommend the allowance
of two roads, very probably might prefer the
route further north,connecting the same waters—
the river on the one side, and the lake on the
other—rather than have two commencing at the
same point. The road proposed in this bill may
belaid, consistently with the description of this
bill, from Milwaukie to Prairie la Croix—the
same route as the other; or it may be laid to some
other point. So the Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that I did not understand the subject when
I referred to the point on the Mississippi. Both
roads might run to the same point, or they might
run to different points. I think it would be well
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
for some time, so as to permit the matter to be
: considered.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until Monday, so
that we may take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I am perfectly
willing.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, entitled " Kn act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1652.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following as an amend-
ment to the bill:
Sec. — Jiixd be it further cnactcd, That all acts and
part-; of r>cauthorizing or s-upposed to authorize any
greater compensation to officers of the United States Navy
than is provided toy the %< act to resrulate tl c pay of the Navy
of the Unrt<I Suite*," passed March 3,1S35, be and the
same are hereby repealed.
I have some facts which I want to submit to the
Senate, in support of the amendment; but there
is so much " noise and confusion" that I do not
know whether I shall be able to be heard.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will endeavor
