1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2263
works, I believe that the estimates of the officers
in this respect ought to be trusted, and that the
appropriations for these purposes ought to be re-
stored.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from-Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton.] X do not think that there is any
occasion to raise this appropriation, because there
will be enough in the appropriation as the bill is
to carry this Administration- through its term to
the 4th of March next. With $24,000 unexpend-
ed balance there will be nobody embarrassed; and
if we fail to pass the amendment, the incoming
Democratic Administration can stand agreat deal
of embarrassment, and I think that the amend-
ment ought to be voted down.
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to increase the
amendment §100. I do so for the purpose ofhaving
an opportunity of stating that if the reductions
made by the Committee of Ways and Means have
been as injudicious and as injurious in this case as
I know tliem to have been in the case of the navy-
yard at Gosport, I may fairly infer that the ori-
ginal estimates were not too large. Now, in rela-
tion to what the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] says as to his conversation with the Sec-
retary of the Navy, I can only say that both the
Secretary oftheNavyand CommodoreSmith have
expressed to me much dissatisfaction at the reduc-
tions made by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and have tola me that they had brought the esti-
mates down to the lowest possible sum consistent
with the public service. I know that the estimates
made for the navy-yard at Gosport were cut down
by the Department. They were cut down from
$290,000, estimated for by one of the most judi-
cious officers that ever commanded at that navy-
yard, to about $170,000, and the Committee of
Ways and Means struck down this estimate to
about $80,000, being little more than one fourth
of the amount estimated to be necessary by this
' commandant. I will not now go into an examin-
ation of the amendments proposed to be offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
by the direction of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, in reference to the appropriation for the
Gosport navy-yard. When I do come to con-
sider that matter, I hold myself ready to demon-
strate to the House, both from the testimony of
valuable officers of the Government and from my
own personal knowledge, that the appropriations
asked for by the Department were not one dollar
too large; and inferring that the estimates were
made with as much discretion for the yard now
under consideration, 1. trust that if the amendment
which I have offered, and which I only propose
for the purpose of enabling me to express my
general views upon this subject, may not pass,
that at least the amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs may prevail.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] It proposes to increase
the amount specified in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton;] and in
opposing it, I shall take occasion to explain my
views in regard to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee. The estimates submitted
to this House for the improvement of the navy-
yard at Boston involve the expenditure of some-
thing like $74,000 during the present fiscal year.
Commodore Smith, who has charge of this de-
partment, stated in a letter to the Committee of
Ways and Means, written in answer to one ad-
dressed to him by that committee, that $ 17,500
for the rebuilding of a smithery, might be omitted
from the appropriation. The gentleman from
Tennessee proposes to increase the sum $3,900,
in one instance; and for erecting a coal-house and
rope-walk, $6,742—making an increase of some-
thing upwards of $10,000. Now, there is, as I
remarked before, an unexpended balance of more
than $94,000 for the purpose of completing the
improvements in the navy-yard at Boston, which
exceeds the amount which the gentleman from
' Tennessee proposes to increase this appropri-
ation.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman if he is not aware of the fact that that
unexpended balance will be required for the com-
pletion of other works that are in progress ?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means were not informed that such will be the
case, when they called for balances of appropri-
ations standing on the books of the Treasury De-
partment. It was the duty of the Secretary to
inform us that this balance of appropriation would
be needed for the purpose of completing improve-
ments already in process of being constructed. In
some'instances that course was- pursued by the'
Department, but such was not the case in this
instance.
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
seems to thmk'that the Committee of Ways and
Means are desirous of embarrassing the incoming
Administration, from his remark, that the amounts
specified in the bill will be sufficient to carry
through this Administration, and let the incoming
Democratic Administration take all its embarrass-
ments upon it. The Committee of Ways and
Means have pursued no such course, and when
the gentleman from Virginia makes an imputation
of that kind, he makes one that is not supported
by the facts.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I believe no' fur-
ther amendment is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. With the consent of the
committee, I will withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to amend the amendment
by increasing th#appropriation $200. The gentle-
man from Missouriisratherswift in undertaking to
charge me with having assailed the Committeeof
Ways and Means in this respect. I have ab-
stained from doing it, and nobody ought to know
that better than the gentleman himself.
Mr. PHELPS. I understood the gentleman
from Virginia, when he was addressing the com-
mittee, to say that the amount specified in the
bill was sufficient to enable this Administration to
get along, but that that amount, without any in-
crease to it, would leave the incoming Administra-
tion, which he believed would be a Democratic
Administration, embarrassed and incumbered for
want of means.
Mr. BAYLY. That is precisely what I did
say.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; was not that an
imputation on the committee?
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from Virginia
allow me to propound an inquiry to the gentleman
from Missouri > I will occupy but a moment.
Mr. BAYLY. My time is short, but I cannot
refuse my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman, from Missouri
has assumed the privilege of defending the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for their reductions of
the estimates of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and of the Department. I want to know of him,
to what extent that committee has exercised this
economy in the reduction of the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Navy and of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. PHELPS. As to the recommendations of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, 1 am not advised
of them.
Mr. POLK. I wish to know if the gentleman
understands my question? He surely has mind
enough to comprehend aplain question. Ifhe has
not, he must be a little inefficient as a member of
that committee..
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps as inefficient as some
other members of this House.
Mr. POLK. I want to know to what extent
the Committee of Ways and Means have gone in
their reductions ?
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the gentleman to
inquire how much the Committee of Ways and
Means have cut down the estimates reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs 
Mr. POLK. And the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. I answer that inquiry by say-
ing that I did not know what the recommenda-
tions of the Committee on Naval Affairs were.
Mr. POLK. Then 1 understand that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are ignorant of what
they are doing.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs do not submit estimates to the Committee of
Ways and Means:
Mr. POLK. What I want to know is, if the
gentleman from Missouri, as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, understands what
he is doing in recommending a reduction in the
appropriations for this arm of the service. If he
does not understand it, he has no right to talk
about it.
Mr. BAYLY. I .cannot yield the floor any
longer. The only point that I have to make with
the gentleman from Missouri is, that he seemed to
imply that I had cast an imputation upon the
Committee of Ways and Means. It will' Be for
the House to judge whether it was an imputation
upon their motives and purposes or their wisdom.
If it was the latter, I cannot help myself; it cer-
tainly was not the former. But if I had desired to
make a point upon that member of the committee"
—and certainly I shall never make one upon the
committee itself—I could not have had a better
point than the member himself has supplied mg
with.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der; he is making personal remarks instead of
speaking to his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I want to show the gentletr\an
from Missouri that his sources of information
were irregular.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
because I am in favor of the original amount, and
1 rise for the purpose' of reading a single sentence
from the letter of the Secretary,of the Navy. Now,
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] would
have this committee to understand that when the
Secretary of the Navy makes his estimate, and.
declares this amount to be necessary for the ser-
vice of the current year, he has not taken into
consideration the unexpended balance of the ap-
propriation for the former year. Sir, this is a
grave imputation upon the Secretary of the Navy,
upon the Committee on Naval Affairs, and upon
everybody who has had anything to do with these
estimates. The Secretary of the Navy, in his
letter, says:
"I have only to superadd that the estimates were care-
fully prepared, and that only so much was asked under
each head ot" appropriation as was deemed necessary Cor
the service of the year."
Something has been said about embarrassing the
incoming Administration. I should rather be dis-
posed, if I could entertain the opinion of any gen-
tleman in this House, that the charge would more
properly be made against the gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, because they do not seem
to be very much disposed to sustain the estimates
of the present Administration. Sir, 1 advocate
these appropriations not because this Administra-
tion has recommended them, or because the next
Administration will have to expend the money,
but because they are necessary for the public ser-
vice- . T ,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman does not mean to charge us with at-
tempting to embarrass the incoming Administra-
tion. It would be very unkind of us to hurt our
own friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I now withdraw that amend-
ment, and move to amend the amendment so as to
increase the amount «,300.
Mr. Chairman, to preclude a point of order, 1
desire to state in the beginning that the remarks
which I am going to make in favor of this amend-
ment are to show that the source of information
upon which the gentleman from Missouri relies
for his reductions is a source of information to
which he had no right to address himself, and one
to which this House ought not to refer. I should
not have gone into this matter if the gentleman
had not gratuitously gone out of his way to say
that I had cast imputations upon the Committee
of Ways and Means. But as he has done that, I
mean to show that in his conduct in this matter
he has not acted according to the proper under-
standing of the relations between the legislative
and executive departments of the Government,
and of official etiquette. Now, sir, he has no right
to know Commodore'Smith—none at all. He has
no right, in reference to this matter, to know any-
body but the Secretary of the Navy or the Pres-
ident of the United States. At a former day, this
practice was carried so far—1 know the fact—that
orders were issued to each of the executive de-
partments requiring that before letters or inquiries
from members of Congress, or elsewhere, should
be answered, they should go through the hands of
the head of the Department; and there is nobody
who will reflect upon this matter 
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman let me
interrupt him for one moment? -
Mr. BAYLY. I beg the gentleman to let me
