1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
to put an end to the " noise and confusion" which
prevails in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. HALE. If I can gain the attention of
Senators, I will endeavor to give them the knowl-
edge of the state of the facts.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will call the
attention of the Senator to the fact, that the amend-
ment does not seem properly to come into the bill.
Mr, HALE. I think it does. 1 suppose the
Chair does not rule that as a point of order. The
amendment relates to the very subject of the bill
now before us; and I think if I can gain the atten-
tion of Senators, they will see that a part of the
deficiency, which the bill is intended to supply,
grows out of what is proposed to be remedied by
the amendment. The bill is to supply deficiencies;
and I propose to show that some of those deficien-
cies arise from what I conceive to be the illegal
action of the Navy Department, which I want to
stop in future, so that there may be no further de-
ficiencies arising from it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no dispo-
sition to prevent the Senator from offering any
amendment that does not conflict with the rule
which has been adopted.
Mr. HALE. This does not make any appro-
priation.
The PRESIDENT. It does not need an appro-
priation to make it conflict with the rule.
Mr. HALE. Let the rule be read.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
" Role 30. No amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall be received to any general appropriation bill,
unless it be made 10 carry out the provisions of'some exist-
ing law, or some act or lesolution previously passed by the
Senate."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is satisfied.
The Senator can offer his amendment.
Mr. HALE. Then I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not rise to make a ques-
tion of order; but will the Senator from New
Hampshire, before he goes into that, permit me
to appeal to him to withdraw the amendment, and
wait until the general bill comes up? How shall we
ever get along with this deficiency bill, if we pio-
ceed in this manner?
Mr. HALE. I will make a statement, and
then, I think, the Senate will bear me out in Ihe
opinion that I ought not to comply with the re-
quest of my friend from Virginia. The reason
why I offer this amendment now,and do not wait
for the general appropriation bill, arises from this
fact: It appears, by reference to the Journal of the
Senate of last session, that when the general naval
appropriation bill was before the Senate, an amend-
ment was proposed to it, by which the pay of two
lieutenants in the Navy was to be raised from
$1,500 to $3,000 a year. We took a vote upon
one of them, and it was rejected. The other, I
believe, was put in by the House; and, when we
came to vote upon that, there was no time to dis-
cuss it, as it had been reported to the Senate but
two or three days before the end of the session.
There was, therefore, this injustice done: the pay
of two nava! heuieuanta, both put upon special
duty, was recomniended to be increased to $3,000
a year: to 1 l.e one. the Senate refused, by a vote of
24 to 16, to give that increase, while the other re- :
reived it, bemuse we had not time to voteupon it.
It will be seen, by the Senate Journal of March
.3, 1851, that an amendment was proposed by the
committee to the appropriation bill to raise the pay
of the lieutenant who had charge of preparing the
Nautical Almanac, from J],500 to §3,000 a year;
and that, on the question of agreeing to that, the
yeas were 16, the nays 24. By that decisive vote,
the Senate refused to sanction this expenditure of
thepublic money. To my astonishment,I learned,
since 1852 commenced, that the very lieutenant,
whose salary the Senate had so decisively refused
to raise to $3,000 a year, had been to the Depart-
ment and had received, since we have been in ses-
sion this year, his pay raised to that amount; and
not only that, but had it carried back, beginning
with the 11th of July, 1849. Although the Sen-
ate, by its vote at the last session, refused to raise
the salary, the Department lias raised it, and car-
ried it back to 1849. Learning that such is the
fact, I introduced a resolution into the Senate on
the 19 h of April last, which passed.requiring the
Secretary of the Navy to give to the Senate the
names of the officers who were receiving greater
compensation than was provided by the act of
March 3, 1835, the times they received it, and the
law under which it was received. The Secretary
answered that, and his report was printed and laid
on the table. I find he puts down in it the indi-
vidual engaged in preparing the Nautical Almanac
as receiving $3,000 a year since July 11,1849; and
the authority under which he pays it, he says is
the naval appropriation bill of March 3,1849, and
estimates. The act and estimates together form
the authority. I looked to see if it could be found
in the act of March 3, 1849, and I found this pro-
vision:
"That a competent officer of the Navy, not below the
grade of lieutenant, be charged with the duty of preparing
the Nautical Almanac for publication, and that the Secre-
tary of the Navy may, when, in Ins opinion, the inter-
ests of navigation would be promoted thereby, cause any
nautical works that may, from time to time, be published
by the hydrograplucal office, to be f-old at cost, and the pro-
ceeds arising therefrom to be placed in the Tieasury of the
United States."
That is the law; and looking to the estimates, I
find " for calculating, printing, and publishing the
4 .Nautical Almanac, including the pay of the Su-
perintendent, the sum of $6,000." The whole
of the estimates for the bureau amounted to
$64,200, and the appropriation was that sum less
$6,000. Failing, then, to find in the law or esti-
mates, any authority for this payment, I ad-
dressed a letter to the Fourth Auditor, stating to
him, that I perceived by a paper laid on our table
by the Secretary of the Navy, that he was paying
this officer $3,000 a year, and I said, '* You will
' greatly oblige me by informing me under what
' provision, section, or clause of the naval appro-
* priation act of March 3, 1849, you find authority
' for such an allowance; when such a construction
* was first put on said act, and when application
' was first made for such allowance, and when an
' actual payment was first made to Mr. Davis, re-
4 ceivinghis salary at $3,000 a year."
The Auditor answered that on May 4, 1852,
inclosing various papers. Amongst the rest he
gives as authority, in the first place, the following
letter from Mr. Maury, in regard to the authority
upon which the allowance was made:
National Orrkrvatory, )
Washington, Jitnuary 30,1852. )
I know that it was the object of the framcr of so much
of the act of March 3,1819, as relates to the Nautical Alma-
nac, to make the pay of the superintendent of that work
$3,000 per annum. 1 say I know it, because, m my esti-
mate for the support of tins office for that year, 1 asked for
$3,000 for commencing the preparation of the Nautical Al-
nianacjand for $3,000 for the pay of the superintendent
thereof. The whole amount called forby the vanousitems
of the estimate for that year was passed, exccpt an item of
$6,000 foi the payment of dutitts. ou nautical instruments,
books, maps, charts, &.c. That item was stricken out, and
the law of Januaiy '26, 18-19, parsed in its stead, which pio-
vides for the admission of all such articles duty fiee
M. F. MAURY.
That is one of thepapers which the Comptroller
of the Treasury sends as aiding him in his decision.
But that is not all. There happened to be present
m tins city at that time a member of the last Con-
gress, and he comes in to certify. Mr. Samuel
F. Vinton says, in a letter, as follows:
Washington City, January 31, 185*1.
In the estimates of the Navy Pepaitment for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1850, for the support of the hydro-
graphical office for that year, there was an item of $6,000
tor piepaimg a Nautical Almanac for publication ; of which
#3,00(1 was tor the compensation of the officer having charge
of the work, and the remaining $3,000 for other expenses of
the Almanac. The whole item was included in the appro-
priation for the hydrogrnphical officc. I was then chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means, and in making the
appropriation of this item as asked for, it was my expecta-
tion, and I have no doubt it was the intention of the com-
mittee, that the money should be expended in accordance
with the objects specified and recommended m the estimate,
and that the sum of $3,000 would be paid to the officer
having charge of the preparation of the almanac, as recom-
mended. SAMUEL F. VINTON.
To Captain Charles C. Davis, United States Navy.
There is, then, the declaration of Mr. Maury,
that he knows what was in the mind of the man
who framed the bill; and there is that of Mr. Yin-
ton, who says it was his expectation, and no doubt
that of the committee, that the ofiicer should be
paid $3,000 a year. But that is not all. Here is
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, addressed
to the First Comptroller:
Navy Department, February 9, 1S52.
Sir: Tt appears from the files of this Depaitmem that
the estimate submitted for the support of the hydiographical
office for the year ending June 30,1850, embraced an item of
$3,000, for the pay of the Superintendent of the Nautical
Almanac; that the whole amount called for was $64,260,
including $6,000 for the payment of duties on nautical
books, charts, and instruments imported by that office for
the use of the Navy; that by the act of January 26, 1849,
$4,000 were appropriated for refunding the duties that had
already been paid by the office, while a clause was added
remitting those duties in future; and that this amount re-
quired for the payment of duties being deducted, the whole
amount of appiopnation asked for was given and passed in
the bill making appropriations for the support of the Navy
for the year ending 30th June, 1850 ;—thus showing, in the
opinion of this Department, thatit was the intention to con-
form inlegislation to the estimates of the Department, and
consequently to make the remuneration of the Superintend-
ent of the Nautical Almanac $3,000, in compliance with-
the estimate.
It is the opinion of this Department that the law of March
3, 1849, entitles this officer to the above salary; and it is
the wish of this Department that the office of Superintend-
ent of tjie Nautical Almanac should occupy the position,
and be placed on the footing originally contemplated both
here and in Congress.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILL. A. GRAHAM.
Upon that letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
that certificate of Mr. Maury, and that certificate
of Mr. Vinton, the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury bases an opinion that this officer is entitled,
not only during the year 1849, but ever since, to
the payment of $3,000 a year; and notwithstand-
ing the Senate voted last year they would not pay
it, sines we have been in session—last February—
that officer, with these papers, has been to the De-
partment and drawn $3,000 a year, commencing
m 1849. Now, I have said in the amendment,
that 1 want to repeal the laws that authorize, or
seem to authorize, such a payment as this. By
the act of March 3, 1835—I think the honorable
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] will
bear me witness to it—Congress have provided as
specifically as they can, that the salaries there pro-
vided shall be in full of all compensation to the
officers of the Navy. The estimates that were
submitted to Congress say nothing about it; but
the Secretary of the Navy says, " it appears from
the files of this Department." There is stowed
away in the Department of the Secretary of the
Navy, an estimate from Mr. Maury, Superintend-
ent of the National Observatory, putting this sum
at $3,000 a year. That estimate was never sub-
mitted to Congress. Congress passed the act giv-
ing to that Department the sums they required,
and thereupon it is solemnly decided that it author-
ized the Secretary, in the face of the act of March
3, 1835, to raise the salary of a lieutenant from
$1,500 to $3,000 a year. To show that I am not
mistaken in the facts, I will read from a letter of
Mr. Dayton, dated May 4, 1852, in answer to an
inquiry. He says:
"Agreeably to the circular ofthe Secretary of the Treasury
of March 19, 185*2,1 addressed my reply to you, and have
the honor to state, that the allowance in question was made
by the Second Comptroller of the Treasury upon a reference
ofthe case from this office, and that a copy of the letter
containing his decision, and of your communication to this
office therein referred to, and of two certificates, (one from
Lieutenant M. F. Maury, and the other from the Hon. Sam-
uel F. Vinton,) which were presented by Lieutenant Davis
m support of his claim, is herewith inclosed. I believe
that the first application of Lieutenant Davis, for pay at
the rate of$3,000 per annum, was made in the year 1819 or
1850; but as it was not in writing, I cannot speak with cer-
tainty as to the date. He was referred to the then Second
Comptroller of the Treasury, who, I think, expressed an
opinion adverse to his claim. The construction ofthe law
and estimates relating to the case under which the allow-
ance was made, was first communicated to this office by
the Ndvy Department in the letter of February 9, 1852, of
which I inclose a copy, and by the Second Comptroller in
the letter of the 17th of the same month, of which a copy is
also inclosed.
"The first payment to Lieutenant Davis, at the rate of
$3,000 per annum, was made in March last, hut itmcluded
the difference between the pay he had received and that to
which it was determined that he was entitled from the 11th
of March, 1849."
44 He was referred to the Second Comptroller of
the Treasury, who, I think, expressed an opin-
ion adveise to his claim. The constiuction of the
law and estimates was first communicated, to this
office by the Navy Department, in a letter of Feb-
ruary 9, 1852."
Since we have been in session this year, upon an
application, and this certificate of Mr. Maury,
who says he knows what was in the heart of the
man who drafted the bill, and of Mr. Vinton, who
says it was his expectation, and the expectation
of other members ofthe committee, that the salary
of $3,000 would be paid, they have, since last
February, paid that officer, from the year 1849 to
the present, at that rate, in the face of the very de-
cisive vote of the Senate, when this thing was
directly presented to us. These are facts which
appear by documents that have been printed, and
are upon every Senator's table.
But to make this a little more plain, I state that
hich I do not know, but of which I have been
