1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48ft
seems they were unable to furnish any such
vouchers. The Department, therefore, instituted
a suit against them, and then they come and make
affidavit that they were not acting really in that
capacity, officially, but were acting in their indi-
vidual capacity, and were not, therefore,responsi-
ble as officers of the Government, but only to the
officer whose agents they were, and whose name
is mentioned in the report of the House of Repre-
sentatives. They claim that they accounted with
him, and left him to account with the Department.
Now, the papers on file show that their receipts
were given to the Department, as quartermaster
and commissary. They received the property
of the Government in that capacity, and could not
have received it in any other. They took that
property, and distributed it in that capacity; and
they turn round afterwards, when called upon
to account to the Government, and deny the offi-
cial character which they had assumed to obtain
the property, and make affidavit, that while they
stated that to the Government, they were merely
acting as agents of some other man. How this
bill passed the other House, I ^annot tell. Now,
there are two views which present themselves. In
the first place, there is a suit in course of prosecu-
tion against them. Let them show, when they
defend that suit, that they were really acting in
the capacity in which they pretend they were act-
ing here. I have consulted the Department, and
I am informed that the Department will go on to
prosecute the suit. If the statements they make
are true, they can exonerate themselves; and if
the statements are false, of course they will be
held responsible to the Government for the amount
of money out of which they actually cheated it.
I move that the bill be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to reject the
bill.
Mr. PRESIDENT. The question must be on
concurring in the report.
Mr. SHIELDS. A motion to postpone indefi-
nitely will answer the same purpose.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I think the Senator is laboring
under a mistake, as I understood the subject from
hearing the report read. Judging from the report,
this seems a very clear case of merit. As I un-
derstand, this man Crum was acting as quarter-
master and commissary. The applicants here
were, the one as lieutenant, and the other a private
soldier, and both employed to act as the depu-
ties of Crum, the one as quartermaster and the
other as commissary. This frequently occurs,
and it seems the House of Representatives are
sustained in this matter by the affidavit of Crum
himself, that he employed these men to act as
deputies, and required them to report all their
proceedings to him, as the responsible officer of
the Government. That is what I understand from
the report; and it seems that when these individ-
uals applied to be paid for their services, not as
quartermasters or deputies, but as soldiers, the
Government refused to pay, because this was an
unsettled account. The Committee on Military
Affairs seems to think that, because they signed
themselves deputy quartermasters, it is conclusive
evidence against them.
Mr. SHIELDS. These two men were at dif-
ferent posts, acting in the capacity which I have
stated. They drew from Colonel Hunt all these
supplies. The man whom they now pretend they
acted for, whose name is Crum, became a defaulter,
has never accounted to the Government, and never
can. After he became a defaulter, and they were
called upon to account to the Government, they
turn round and insist that they acted as the agents
of Crum; and he himself admits it, because he is
a defaulter and owes so much that he can never
pay the Government. I will ask honorable Sen-
ators to look at the papers and at their own re-
ceipts as reported from the Department. If the
statements they make be true, they have a good
le^al defence. I will ask any of my honorable
legal friends here if the facts reported are not a
good legal defence in any court in the United
States ?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly they are.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then if they can maintain
that defence, why should they come here, in antici-
pation of the decision, for relief? I look upon that
single point alone as being enough to condemn
their claim.
Mr. BADGER. That is the point in the case,
Mr. RUSK. I was engaged a moment ago
when the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] was
making his statement, and did not hear what the
point was.
Mr. BADGER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and if the Senator from Texas
will allow me, I will explain that point to him.
There is an action at law, brought by the Govern-
ment of the United States, now pending against
these men. The matters which they set up in
their petition, as reported by the House commit-
tee, furnish, if true, a complete legal defence—
not merely an equitable defence, but a complete
legal defence to the action. Then, the inquiry is,
why should we relieve them upon an ex parle ex-
amination, when the question is now pending be-
tween them and the Government before a legal
forum, where these questions can be better heard
and more fully and satisfactorily decided than they
can be here? If the facts, as they represent them,
are true, they will obtain a verdict; and if they are
not true, or not established, of course the verdict
will be against them.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from North
Carolina appears entirely to misunderstand the
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let the question be tried upon
the pending action; and it will then be quite time
to give them relief when a verdict has been ren-
dered against them.
Mr. RUSK. I must repeat, that Senators ap-
pear entirely to misunderstand the object of this
bill. The bill is not designed to relieve these men
from any responsibility which they may have in-
curred to the Government of the United States by
a misappropriation of this property—not by any
means. It is only to pay them what appears to
be due to them, as shown by the books of the
Department, for their services, the one as a lieu-
tenant and the other as a private soldier.
Mr. BADGER. But if these men already owe
the Government anything, they ought not to be
paid the money which this bill proposes to pay ,
them. Tluit question is now pending, and it ;
would onlV be proper to let this bill lie over until
that questijAs decided.
Mr. RtflRC. And if the Government should
not obtain a verdict against them, how are they
to succeed in obtaining their pay?
Mr. BADGER. By bringing in their claim.
Mr. RUSK. How can that be done after the
Senate have rejected the bill? I have not seen
this report, but, from the reading of it, it stnkes
me as being a clear case of merit, in which the.se
men simply ask payment for services rendered.
If you reject the bill, you must disbelieve the affi-
davits of these three,men—Crum, Cash, and Ellis.
I therefore move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until to-morrow, in order that
we may have an opportunity of giving it a fuller
examination. It is but a small matter. The
amount involved is not considerable, and is hardly
worth the trouble which must be undertaken by
these men to obtain it; but I would not like to do
what appears to be injustice even in a small mat-
ter. ^
► Mr. KA.DGER. If the Senator from Texas
will allow me, I will add one word in further ex-
planation. The officers of the Government have
very properly refused to pay the amount of money
which might otherwise be due to these persons, on
the ground that they are debtors to the Govern-
ment to a large amount. They say that they aie
not debtors; and if their statement is true, they
can defend themselves in an action at law against
the Government. If their statement is false, they
are not entitled to any relief; and if it be true,
they will undoubtedly obtain it. If it is found
by the decision in the action, to which reference
has been made, that they do not. owe the Govern-
ment, then their pay will be given to them at once,
and we will have no difficulty in passing a bill for
their relief.
Mr. RUSK. Well, I move to postpone the
fuither consideration of the bill till to-morrow.
The amount is so small that it is scarcely worth
the trouble of these men to come here to get it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to say a single word
to my friend from Texas. I would be as unwill-
ing to be unjust to any poor soldier as the honor-
able Senator himself. But we examined this mat-
ter very candidly in the committee, and it was
unanimously agreed to report as we did. _ I regret
that we felt compelled to do it. We did it from a
sense of justice to these men, in view of the facts
presented to us.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Texas,
moves to postpone the further consideration of the
question till to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. Which question has prior-
The PRESIDENT. The question on the mo-
tion to postpone till to-morrow.
The question was then taken, and it was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition now is
to postpone the consideration of the bill, indefi-
nitely.
The motion was agreed to.
! thomas h. leggett.
Mr. SEWARD, During my absence a bill for
1 the relief of ThomasH.Leggett,asI am informed,
was arrived at on the Private Calendar, and was
laid on the table. I now call it up m order that it
may take its place.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, in justice to the Sen-
ator from New York, this bill should be con-
sidered now. It was arrived at in its order, and
in consequence of the absence of the Senator it
was laid upon the table.
The question was taken on the motion to take
up the bill, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a bill for refunding1
duties, as I understand it. and I should like it to
lie over for the present.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not taken up with a
view to action, but simply that it may take its
place on the Calendar.
mrs. e. a. m'ntil.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of Mrs, E. A. McNeil,
w'dow of the inte General John McNeil, as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FELCH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, who takes an interest m that bill, is sick and
not able to be present. I therefore move that the
bill be passed over informally.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN ERVIN.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of -
the Whole, the consideration of a hill to confirm
the claim of John Ervin to a certain tract of land
in the Bastrop Claim.
Mr. DOWNS. I will state, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] desires to go into an investigation of this
question. He is not now in his seat. On his
proposition the bill was laid over last Friday; and,
as he is not here now, perhaps it would be as well
to pass the bill over.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we shall not lay this
bill over any more.
Mr. DOWNS. I dislike to take np the bill in
the absence of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I have the impression that many
bills of this description have been passed. Is not
that so, sir?
Mr. DOWNS. Many bills very much like it
have been passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not aware that this is differ-
ent from other cases. If so, I wish the Senator
from Louisiana would state the fact.
Mr. DOWNS. It is analogous to many bills
which passed at the last session. Some few
were excluded by the rules which were adopted
at the last session. It is in the same spirit as
those that have been passed, though not strictly
and technically within the rule. The reading of
the report, which is very brief, will show what
it is.
Mr. DAWSON. Read the report.
Mr. FELCH. I think it will be better to let
the bill lie over for the present, till the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] is in his seat, as he
has intimated that he wishes to express his views
upon it. My impression is, that the bill gives a
preemption right to a small portion of land. But
I have not examined the question, on account of
the fact that the honorable Senator from Kentucky
had taken it in charge; and I think it will be bet-
ter to let it lie over till he is present to attend to it.
I make that motion that it be passed over inform-
ally.
Mr. BADGER. 1 hope not. I wish to say
to the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs,] that if he chooses to have it lie over, I
