1-852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2265
der it available for the purposes for which it is
USed—1 have offered this amendment. The build-
ing of pier wharf No. 4 is required for protection
to the dry-dock, which cost the Government
neatly or quite $850,000 to construct, besides be,-
ing necessary for the ordinary naval purposes of
the yard in safely mooring vessels of war, and
providing them a safe harbor during the preva-
lence of storms, and to secure them from injury
by ice during the winter. But fll,000 is asked
for the purpose of building the pier, which cer-
tainly is not much when the advantages to result
from it are so great. At least $1,000,000 worth
of Government property will be protected from
injury if it is built.
The port warden's line having been extended
some three or four hundred feet further east, by
which the navy-yard property has been materially
enlarged, has rendered a considerable amount of
paving and grading absolutely necessary, and this
may be urged as an additional reason for building
the wharf pier. By extending: the' depth of the
navy-yard, the Government of the United States
have had their property largely added to in ex-
tent of territory, and increased in value perhaps
poo,000.
During the time the dredging was going on, by
which a sufficient depth of water was obtained to
successfully test the sectional dry-dock, by dock-
ing the steamship City of Pittsburg, and the Uni-
ted States steamship Saranac, the soil at the bot-
tom of the river was found to be an excellentkind
of gravel, which was used for filling up and level-
ing the navy-yard. The use of this gravel saved
an expenditure of a large sum of money. The
improvements, however, are all in ah unfinished
state, and the amount I have asked for, and which
I hope may be added to the appropriation, is ne-
cessary to finish them. It is, I assure the com-
mittee, economical to do so. There is much val-
uable property deposited in our navy-yard, con-
sisting of ship timber and valuable materials for
building vessels of war.
The buildings in which this material is depos-
ited are valuable. The improvements projected
will protect all the property of the Government,
whether it is store-houses, ship-houses, shops, or
the great structure which, I regret to say, has
been so little used to test the skill and handicraft
of our intelligent mechanics, since it has been
made capable of use. I refer, of course, to the
sectional dry-dock. Indeed, it seems to me we
have to contend against fearful odds. Whenever
anything is asked for Philadelphia, a sturdy oppo-
sition is manifested, which is, to me, most surpris-
ing. I indulge a hope it will soon be otherwise.
I submit this amendment, then, sir, with great
confidence to this'committee, not only because I
have had an opportunity of judging by personal
observation of the necessity of its passage, which
the Committee of Ways and Means have not
had, but because I apprehend I have given good
reason why it should be adopted. I do not wish
to impugn their motive's in having refused to
put 'it in their estimates. I would not do so for
the world: not I. I do not wish to accuse them
of ignorance; no, no. I have too much respect
for them to do that. But they hav« not had the
opportunity of observation at Philadelphia indi-
vidually which I have had. Yet they have taken
upon themselves to cut down this appropriation,
and 1 am sure without knowing the disadvantage
and loss which may result from it. _ Hence my
remarks, which I am sure will exercise the influ-
ence I desire they should. And as I believe they
are now convinced that pi,000 for the building
of pier wharf No. 4 will protect property which
cost the Government $850,000; and when the
amount asked for that purpose, and for grading,
paving, &c., will save three, four, or five times
the amount of property, which may be washed
away by high tides, the overflow of the wharves,
or from the effect of heavy rains, I feel sure that
the Committee of Ways and Means will not op-
pose this amendment, but will sustain it. 1 only
ask, sir, that sheer justice may be done us. My
constituents, I may here say, are not an exacting
people; yet they ask that a share of the patronage
of the Government may be distributed amongst
them; and they feel an equal interest in the pro-
tection of the property of the Government imme-
diately under their eye. I hope the amendment
may be passed, and not share the fate of others
which have preceded it.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment and in favor of the economy which guided
the Committee of Ways and Means in their re-
trenchment of these appropriations for the navy-
yards.- Having no war abroad, the efforts of local
districts have been turned to the protection of the
Navy at home, arid the'last that we heard of this
Navy in this House was a proposition to clean up
after them in the Straits of Gibraltar, [laughter,]
where they had not skill and power enough to do
it themselves.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman to
order; and I submit that the Straits of Gibraltar
have nothing to do with the building of pier No.
4, in the city of Philadelphia, and the agreeing to
the paving of the navy-yard at that place.
Mr. CARTTER. That is the last we heard of
the Navy abroad. Now we find the Committee
of Ways and Means, through the representatives
of these various navy-yards at home, assailed for
doing—what? For retrenching expenditures in
protecting the Navy at home, which is unfit for sea;
and this Representative of Philadelphia here, [Mr.
Florence,] for Buncombe, or other purpose, gets
up here and talks about making land for the Uni-
ted States, and making new area for the navy-
yard, and all this gammon and gas that has nothing
to do with the expenses of the country. Every-
body here understands that it is a little dung-hill
effort to get a few votes in that district. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot notice a remark
of that kind. [Laughter.] My constituents sent
me here for another purpose, but I desire 
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to occupy the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to explain 
Mr. CARTTER. You cannot do it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to order for
calling my colleague, [Mr. Florence,] who has
proved himself game, a dung-hill cock. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee rise.
[Cries of " No!" " No\" and " Let us take a
recess!"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I call for a division
of the House upon that motion.
The House was then divided on the question,
and there were upon a division—ayes 64, noes 61.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. VENABLE called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Venable
appointed.
_The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 63.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, lmove that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
The question was then taken upon the motion,
and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Florence, it was put, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The next clause that came up for consideration
was as follows:
"Washington, District of Columbia: For completing
ordnance building number eleven, fitting up timber dock,
completing hasv-mill, completing copper rolling mill, com-
pleting railway, completing side iatiies mitiacblne-shop,
and repairs of all kinds, $123,778."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. By the direc-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move
to amend the clause by inserting after the word
"rail way, "the words "commander's house, stone
wharf, on south front of yard," and to strike out
the words 14 $123,778," and insert " $153,433."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The next clause was then read, as follows:
"Norfolk, Virginia: For store-house number fourteen,
wharf north side of timber-dock, culvert, dredging machine,
and repairs of all kinds, $80,739 20."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. By the direc-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move
to amend that clause by inserting after the woid
" Virginia," the words " for extending wharves,
quay-wharves, completing timber-dock, paving
from gate to ship-house, cart-shed," and to strike
out " $80,732 20," and insert" §146,985 35."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to amend the
clause last read by adding the following a.f the
end of the clause: . , . -
And for extending qnay-wharves, completing- timber-
dock. paving fiom gate to ship-house, buildings for offices",
cart-shed, and grading and filling, $89,610 03. ,
Mr. M. said: I hope 1 may have.the attention
of the committee while I explain the object of this
amendment. 1 say, sir, from.my own.knowledge
of the condition of that yard, that the objects disal-
lowed by the Committee of Ways and Means-Are
even more important than-those actually allowed
by them. The amount proposed in my amendmen t
is made up of $35,000 for extending the quay-
wharves, $27,000 for building timber-dock, and
the balance for the other items specified in the
amendment. These two works to which I have
alluded are in progress of construction, and the
appropriations now asked are necessary for their
completion. The quay-wharves are absolutely
necessary to protect the earth, which is composed
of what is called ma<le-land, and which is daily
washing into the river.
The timber-dock was commenced some years
ago, and I need not remind the cpmmittee that the
object of it is to protect the valuable timber there
deposited against the depredation of the sea worm.
It is absolutely necessary that a quantity of fresh
waiter should be collected there, and secured by*
Stone walls which surround the area. They have
been built up to some extent, and the qbject of
this appropriation is to complete the work.
I will state (hat the original estimate, made by
the commandant of the yard, was $290,0U0, which
was reduced by the Navy Department to $170,000,
and that still further reduced by the Committee of
Ways and Means to $80,000.
An inquiry was just now made of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] if the reduc-
tions made by the Committee of Ways and Means
did not exeeed thiity per cent.; and he answered
no. I will state that the reduction at most of the
navy-yards was more than fifty per cent. The
original estimate for Boston was $74,525, and it
was reduced to $28,100. That of New York was
$240,550, and it was reduced $126,800; and that
of Norfolk was $170,342 23, and it was reduced
to $80,732 40.
Now, sir, I have myself inspected these works.
They are not new works, but are now in prog-
ress, and must be, and are designed to be com-
pleted some time or other; and the simple inquiry
is, ought they to be completed without delay? I
tell the House that these works cannot remain in
their present condition without injury to the pub-
lic service.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment. We have had the object of it fully stated
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,}
and still I am opposed to it, because I do not be-
lieve that it is best to erect monuments of reverence
to the old and the useless. If I recollect right, we
were called upon during the last Congress to give
$72,000 to protect ship-timber against the sea-
worm. Now, the sea-worm is the worst worm
that we have had to contend with. ItJs a worm
that eats out of the Treasury annually about nine
million of dollars, and brings into it nothing.
The "Independence" was sent forth upon a
three yearscruise as a product of this "sea-worm;"
and out of twenty-six months she sailed three and
a half, at a cost of $500 a day to the General Gov-
ernment; and this is the kind of offspring that the
navy-yards of this description is sending forth for
the defense of this Republic—a ship that sailed
under the pretense of exercising her crew in can-
non evolutions and of exercising her marine engine,
out of twenty-five months that she was gone, was
three months under sail, and two out of that three
were spent in making her lazy return from the
Mediterranean to the port of New York.
Now, sir, instead of barricading timber for the
navy-yard at Norfolk from year to year and set-
tin" up protection against this navy-worm, I
would burn it up, and with it burn up the miser-
able structures that they produce when put into
ships.
Another appropriation in the amendment of my
noble and honorable friend is to build officers'
houses.
Mr. MILLSON. Not for building officers'
houses; but for buildings for offices.
Mr. CARTTER. Buildings foroffices. Well,
what is the difference? They are accommodations
for officers. Now, 1 look upon these houses prte-
