226«
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
wisely as I do upon the ship-houses which I have
seen in these navy-yards. There is the old hulk,
the skeleton of a ship, now resting upon its bear-
ings in-oneof these offices in'the city of New York,
and which has cost this Government more than
$300,000 to renew the rot of, years; and the same
proposition is- now made, to guard ship-timber
against the rot of -years. You had better eat out
the heart of the whole system, and build your ships
by contract; and when -they are built, set them
afloat upon the business of the-nation, and let
■those who man them understand how to manage
th«m. . . ,
"The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. POLK. I "move to strike out the whole
clause. The most remarkable instance of folly, to
my mind, is the remarks submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] They show a
degree of folly 
. Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I feel obliged to call
iriy friend to order. His remarks are out of or-
der.
' Mr. POLK. I will be in order by saying that
the gentleman from Ohio is a man of sense. Ours
is a great nation. What is the amount of its ton-
nage? What is the necessary protection to be
provided for it? Are we to protect it or not?
Will the gentleman say that we shall not have a
Navy efficient enough to protect thecountry? Will
he vote as he did to-day for the passage of the
Fench spoliation bill ?
Mr. CARTTER. In that my friend is mis-
taken.
Mr. POLK. Did you not vote to go to its con-
sideration ?
Mr. CARTTER. No, sir.
Mr. DUNCAN. I feel bound to raise a ques-
tion of order. I hope the Chair will-confine gen-
tlemen to the amendment before the committee.
At this stageof thesession, every gentleman ought
to see the propriety of abstaining from this desul-
tory discussion.
Mr. POLK. If I were to confine my remarks
to those of the gentleman from Ohio, I would be
in -order in anything I might say whatever.
[Laughter.] I hold that we, as a nation, ought to
make the necessary and proper appropriations to
protect our commerce. How can we ao it, unless
we make such armaments in the country as will
defend it? Will the gentleman from Ohio, or any
other gentleman of those who support the worthy
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
tell me what sort of protection can be offered, un-
less the Government will give ships that sail upon
the waves a proper armament?
Mr. McMULLIN. I move the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being, upon a division—ayes 65,
noes 55.
The committee accordingly rose,and theSpeaker
having resumed the Chair, the chairman [Mr.
Ficklis] reported that theCommitteeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union had had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly House bill No. 244, making appropriations
for the naval establishment for the year ending
June 30, 1853, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are three or four ap-
propriation bills which have not yet been touched.
The Indian appropriation bill has been returned
to us from the Senate with very many important
amendments upon it. Important amendments will
be made to the civil and diplomatic and the Army
bill, and the naval bill, which is now before the
committee; and all these bills and amendments
are to be considered and acted upon in nine days.
I move a resolution closing the five minutes debate
upon the naval appropriation bill now before the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POLK. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not in order for me,
Mr. Speaker, to move a suspension of the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not, in the opinion of
the Chair. It has been the practice to count Sunday
amongst the last ten days. -
Mr. KING, of New York. The resolution,
then, can be introduced to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move that the
House adjourn till ten o'clock to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
House to change the hour of meeting without pre-
vious notice.
Mr. ORR. This is a special and not general
change.
The SPEAKER. It is competent to change the
day within three days, but not the hour of meet-
ing, unless on notice in the proper manner.
Mr. STUART. I moved the House adjourn;
which'motion was agreed to,
And the House accordingly adjourned till eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
-' Friday, August 20, 1852.
Prayer~by the R.ev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HALE; I move to dispense with the ex-
ecution of the order which devotes this day to pri-
vate bills, for the purpose of taking up the home-
stead bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's motion, at
present, can only extend to suspending the rule.
It will require a separate motion to take up the bill
alluded to.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote to suspend-the
order, but when suspended, I shall propose to give
until twelve o'clock to morning business; from
twelve to one, to the civil and diplomatic bill; and
the river and harbor bill for the remainder of the
day.'
Mr. FISH. The day before yesterday I gave
notice that I should this morning ask the Senate,
during the morning hour, to take up House bill No.
280, known as Bennett's land bill. In consequence,
however, of the civil and diplomatic bill having
been made the special order of the day, at half
past eleven, I am not disposed to interfere with it.
I shall, therefore, defer my motion till to-morrow,
when I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
allow me to call up that bill.
The motion to suspend the order was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury;
a report of the Secretary of War; a report of the
Secretary of the Navy; and.a report of the Attor-
ney General, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, information in relation
to the clerks in their Departments and their bu-
reaus, and in the office of the Attorney General;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, relative
to the employment of agents to pay the interest
on the public debt; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Smith-
sonian Institution, communicating the annual re-
port of the Board of Regents of that Institution;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, that five thousand
additional copies of the report be printed, it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
COAST SURVEY" IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the report of tile Secretary of the Treasury,
relative to the extension of the operations of tile Coast Sur-
vey on the coas-t of California to Cape e3u Lucas, on the
Pacific coast, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. HALE; I move to postpone all the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill com-
monly known as " the homestead bill;" and upon
that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been waiting several
days to make reports. There are bills which
ought to be printed and laid upon the tables of
Senators. I am in favor of the homestead bill,
but I have voted against taking it up twice, be-
cause of the untimely period at which the motion
was made. The friends of-the bill who are thus
pressing it, are doing it more injury than its oppo-
nents; and why? Because they bring it in at such
an untimely season, interferrmg with legitimate
business. I will vote against any measure which
is brought forward in that way. We want to
have our bills from the committees handed in and
printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Like my colleague, I am in
favor of the homestead bill, and will vote to take
it up at the first proper time we can get, without
interferring with our' imperative duty as commit-
tee men; and in order to bring this thing to a point,
I will specify what I conceive to be an appropri-
ate time. We now devote a good portion of the
morning hour, up to one o'clock, to .the civil and
diplomatic bill. From one, during the balance of
the session, each day, we devote to the river and
harbor bill. Now, I propose that at four o'clock
we take a recess, and meet at six o'clock, and at
six each evening proceed to the consideration'of
the homestead bill, and the other land bills, until
we get through with them. 1 am prepared to stand,
by that until the end of the session, if necessary,
to dispose.of these,land bills; and if the friends of
the homestead bill, or the Bennett bill, wish to give
these measures a fair chance, and a fair hearing
this session, let us come here at six o'clock and
sit each evening, and dispose of them.
Mr. GWIN. I am very anxious to have the
opportunity of voting on the homestead bill, but
I am not willing to allow any other bill to take
precedence of the appropriation bills. I shall vote
against placing any measure—I do not care how
much I am in favor of it—in advance of the ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to make one obser-
vation in order that the country may understand
the condition of affairs here. There are hundreds
of private claimants to whom the Government is
indebted, and they are suffering for the want of
what is due to them; and we are now called upon
to suspend the investigation of the rights due to
those citizens, merely to take up a bill giving land
to men who have done nothing in the service of
the country more than the rest of the people.
Mr. HALE. Gentlemen have said a good deal
about putting themselves right before the country.
Certainly, sir, I have no disposition to put any-
body wrong; but the plea of " a more convenient
season"—and I have no doubt of its sincerity so
far as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is
concerned—will not do. I sympathize with his ,
colleague who has special charge of the bill for the
relief of the unfortunate insane. He cannot be
more earnest for that bill than I am. Sir, I expect
to be voted down upon this question. I expect
to be beaten upon it. I expect it will not be taken
up either now or at. any time this session. The
" convenient season" will not arrive until after the
first Monday in November at least; but I simply
want a vote, and I will take it at any time. With
all deference to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] I do not think that an evening session
is practicable; but if the Senate will just take it
up, I will go with him for postponing it to any
hour he names when it may be considered. I do
not desire to occupy the time of the Senate. I
will vote for the consideration of the bill at any
hour, if it is midnight, if the Senate will only
take it up. -
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator has said pre-
cisely what I expected when he moved to take
up this bill in this irregular manner, in opposition
to measures that are pending, and have a prece-
dence over it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We all know his motives.
-Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order. I
appeal to the Chair if it is in order for a Senator
to say that he knows my motives ?
Mr. D0UGLA.S. We all know that you are
governed by patriotic motives.
The PRESIDENT. If a Senator assigns im-
proper motives, it is out of order.
Mr. HALE. The remark implied that my
motive was improper. I ask the judgment of the
Chair if it is proper for a Senator to make such
an assertion ?
The PRESIDENT. It is certainly in order for
a Senator to say what he supposes to be the mo-
tive.
Mr. HALE. I did not speak of the Senator
who has the floor; but I ask if it is in order for a
Senator-to call out from his seat that he knows
what are my motives ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair heard nothing
of the kind.
Mr. HALE. I did; and it is against that I ap-
peal.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the statement of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, I will
vote to take up the bill, and then postpone it to an
hour I will indicate. I will indicate six o'clock
this evening—taking a recess from four to six—
