1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
Mr. BRADBURY. I believe a very consider-
able amount is involved in this bill. I recollect
having examined the question when it was before
the Senate some three years ago. The facts are
not very fresh ill my recollection at this time; but
I think that the application for relief on the part
of Commodore Warrington and his associates is
of a somewhat recent date.
Mr. BADGER. It is.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think it is a little remark-
able that the captors of a vessel, which had on
board a valuable cargo of specie, should have so
long delayed their application.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will make a statement, which will cause the re-
markableness to disappear. The case is simply
this: In April, 1814, Commodore Warrington,
then in command of the American ship Peacock,
a sloop-of-war of eighteen guns, attacked and cap-
tared the sloop of war Epervier, also of eighteen
guns. The Epervier was sent into the port of Sa-
vannah, in charge of a prize-master, for condem-
nation. She was condemned in that port, and a
decree of the court directed the whole amount of
the capture to be paid to the captors. The hon-
orable Senator [Mr. Bradbcrv] shakes his head.
It is very easy to do that; but if he will read the
papers he will find that it is so. The decree of the
court directed the whole of the money to be paid
to the captors, and not one cent to the United
States. Commodore Warrington did not quit his
cruise, and come home to attend to his pecuniary
interest, but continued to prosecute his cruise
against the enemies of his country. Consequently
he was not here at the time the decree was made
and the payment made under the decree. The
marshal of the district of Georgia, whose duty it
was to pay the money to those to whom it was
awarded by the court, to wit: the captors, instead
of doing that, paid one half the money to the prize
agent, and othe other half into the Treasury of the
United States. The ships were of equal force.
That is proved, in the first place, by the decree
directing the money to be paid to the captors; be-
cause if the captured vessel had been of inferior
force, it was the duty of the court to have decreed
one moiety to the United States. It is proved,
next, by the fact that the vessels were reported by
the captors to be of equal force; by the fact that
the Secretary of the Navy at the time negotiated
with Commodore Warrington for the purchase of
the captured sloop, for the Navy of the United
States, as being the property of the captors; and
by the fact that in the Navy Register, after that
ship became ours by capture, she is rated as a sloop
of war ofeighteen guns, as was the Peacock. These
are the facts. Under the law, it is perfectly clear,
that that being the state of the case, the captors
weie entitled to all the money.
But I said that I would give the Senator from
Maine an explanation of how it happened that this
claim was not preferred for many years. I take
pleasure in doing so; bccause the gallant officer
and most excellent gentleman m whose name this
'application was made at the last Congress, and
who is now no more, exhibited in relation to the
whole transaction an honorable delicacy and pro-
priety of deportment that add additional value to
the character he earned by his integrity and gal-
lant service in the cause of his country. The
same question was asked when this bill was be-
fore the Senate at the first session of the last Con-
gress, and I was unable to answer why the appli-
cation had been deferred. I was unable to an-
swer, because that gentleman, during the whole
time this bill was in progress in the Senate, though
he knew I had taken charge of it, and reported it
from the committee, and that upon some objec-
tions taken to it on its first coming up, it had been
postponed, and that I had waited three months
before I called it up for action, never came near me,
never opened his mouth to me upon the subject;
and he was willing, I believe, to have lost every
penny, rather than place himself in the attitude
of a man who would descend, by application to a
member of a committee, to obtain the successful
prosecution of a claim however honorable and just.
But after the bill had passed the Senate, and when
it was in the House of Representatives, I saw
Commodore Warrington here one day, and took
occasion to ask him how it happened that the
claim had not been presented sooner. He gave
me the following statement: " I went in proseou-
< tion of the cruise ill which 1 was engaged when
' I captured the Epervier, and sent it into port for |
' condemnation. When I returned, I found that:
' but one half the prize money had been paid into
' the hands of the agent. I knew it was wrong.
' I applied to a distinguished and honorable gentle-
' man, then a member of Congress from Virginia,
' and asked him to institute some proceedings for
' my relief. He said to me, ' it is impossible,
' Commodore, to go behind the decree.' " He
took it for granted, and so did Commodore War-
rington, that the marshal had paid the money ac-
cording to the decree. He had no idea that the
marshal, upon a decree in favor of the captors
alone, had paid one half the money to the United
States, but supposed that it was a mistake of the
judge who pronounced condemnation. There the
matter rested; and years and years elapsed before
it was discovered that the decree was right and
the payment wrong.
That, sir, is the explanation which I have to
give; and I wish to say, that though the amount is
large, there has not been a claim, in my opinion,
from the foundation of the Government, whether
for a million dollars or for a penny, more justly due
to more honorable men who have rendered import-
ant service to the country. It has been too long
delayed. The Government has had possession
and use of the money for forty years. AH that is
asked is the simple return of the money without
interest.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have heard the explana-
tion of the honorable Senator from North Carolina
with pleasure. He speaks so well that 1 always
listen to him with a great deal of pleasure. I
think, however, that we should examine this sub-
ject carefully, and see why it is that the claim was
suspended so long without an application for relief.
It looks a little singular to me that for some forty
years an individual, residing at the capital for a
very considerable portion of the time, should not
be aware of the fact that the Government was in-
debted to him and others with whom he was asso-
ciated, in a large sum of money.
Mr. BADGER. I tried to explain it. I ima-
gine the Senator did not listen to me.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator wishes the
floor, I will yield it.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose the act which
grants to the captors, in cases of the capture of
vessels of an equal or superior force, the whole
property captured, was intended as an incentive, ]
and to reward those in the Navy for extraordinary
exertions. Technically, the contest from which
this claim arises, was between vessels of equal
size; but by an examination of the facts it will be
found that the capture was made without much
exgrcise on the part of our ship, and the captured
vessel was, in fact, inferior in size, inferior in men,
and inferior in its armament, so that the amount
which was received by the captors was the amount
to which they were fairly entitled, and was all
to which they were entitled. If we, disregard-
ing the technical rules, look to whether the vessels
were oCfrjual size, we shall find that the British
ship wH inferior in metal, throwing, I think,
something more than a hundred pounds less on a
broadside. It -was inferior in men; the American
ship containing nearly double the amount of ef-
ficient men. The prize was taken so easily that
there was hardly a contest. Not an individual was
lost in the fight; I believe there were one or two
wounded. X apprehend that, at the time, the cap-
tors were perfectly satisfied with the decree. 1
think that, after so long a time, during which this
claim has been permitted to slumber, it is at least
expedient that the Senate should pause before they
pass the bill. If 1 supposed that the claim had
substantial merit, 1 should certainly concur with
the Senator from North Carolina, that lapse of
time is not a sufficient bar to it. I submit these ]
remarks, not from a desire of doing injustice to [
the service of the gallant officer who commanded J
the American ship at that time, but from a sense j
of duty. |
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from j
Maine occupies, upon this subject, precisely the |
position usually taken by British writers, in depre- ]
dating the value of the victories gained by our
naval force over the British (luring the war of 1812. j
How does the Senator undertake to know whether ,
these -vessels were of equal force or not' The j
Secretary of the Navy at that time thought they !
were of equal force. They were reported to the 1
Department as of equal force. The judge who*
ordered the condemnation thought they were of
equal force. And now, we are told that this vic-
tory, which we had heretofore thought reflected
some glory upon our arms, was nothing; that there
was not a contest; that there was twice the number
of men in the American ship that there was in the
British; and that the ships were of a different
weight of metal. 1 hope the Senate will not add
to the injustice of declining to pay this money, the
indignity <jf such a reproach upon the gallant men
concerned in the accomplishment of that deed.
The decree of the court was, that the money
should be paid to the captors. Not one word was
said about the United States. The marshal, by a
mistake, I suppose, instead of paying the whole of
the money to the captors, paid half of it to the
United States. That is the case. The United
States got so much money, by a mistake of the
marshal, which belonged, under the decree, to the
captors, if it had been the case of an individual,
an action could have been brought by the captors,
and the money recovered. But the United States
cannot be sued. I have stated the reason why
the claim has been delayed. Commodore War-
rington, knowing the money had been paid in a
wrong manner, applied to a gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who, presuming the marshal had followed
the decree, staled that they could not go behind
that decree. But it turns out that the decree was
right, and the payment by the mashal wrong.
Mr. RRADRURY. It is a long time since I
looked into the papers of the case. I had a differ-
ent impression in regard to the decree. Probably
the Senator is right in his statement. I should
like to have it read.
The decree was read, as follows:
The LTimoil States vessel of war I'eaeock vs. .$117,903,
captured in the Epeiviei, libeled prize.
The United States vessel of war Peacock, commanded
by Lewis Warrington, E-<j., in the late capture of Ins Brit-
ish Majesty's sloop ot war Epervier, brought into tins poii,
captured also the sum of^U7,903, which has been libelled
by the district attorney. The usual monition ha* been pub-
lished, and proclamation made; and 110 claim appearing, it
1= ordeied, adjudged, and decreed that the sum of $117,903
be condemned as a prize of wm, to the captors, to be dis-
tributed as the law directs, after costs and charts.
W. STEVENS,
District Judge of Georgia.
The bill was then reported fo the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be eng*>ssed for a
third reading.
FRANCES P. GARDNER.
The bill for the relief of Frances P. Gardner,
reported from the Committee on Pensions, was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the .Secretary of the interior be
required to renew the pension heretofore allowed
and paid to Frances P. Gardner, the same to
continue for five years, commencing January 1,
1850.
The report of the committee was read, from
which it appears that the petitioner is the widow
of the late Captain George W. Gardner, of the
United States Army, who was killed in the mas-
sacre of Major Daae's command m Florida. She
was left a widow in destitute circumstances, with
two young children to support. Her father, Lieu-
tenant Abraham Fowler, and her brother-in-law,
both died in their country's service, and her only
near relative—a brother'—was at the date of the
petition on duty in Mexico. Thus situated, she
asked for a continuance of a pension which was
allowed her under the act of July 4, 1836. On
May 20,1850, a bill for her relief was reported to
the Senate; and the committee have thought proper
to report a similar bill, and recommend its pas-
sage.
Mr. SMITH. A bill exactly corresponding
with the one now before us passed the Senate at
the last Congress. It was sent to the Ijlouse of
Representatives, and was not acted upon, I sup-
pose, for want of time. It is exactly analogous
to the case of Mrs. Dade, a bill for whose relief
has already passed the Senate at the present ses-
sion. Captain Gardner, who was a native of this
city, fell in what is called " Dade's massacre," in
Florida; Major Dade being the commander of the
detachment, and Captain Gardner the second in
command. The circumstances of that massacre
are too well known to the Senate to make it neces-
sary for me to advert to the particulars. Mrs.
Gardner is a native of my State. She transmitted
j her application to me, and I laid it before the
