1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
226T
so that we may keep at it each night until we get
through it.
Mr. RUSK. I do not rise to protract this de-
bate. A debate of a similar kind was protracted
yesterday, to the defeat of the morning business.
But I rise for the purpose of saying that business,
in my opinion, is not advanced in this manner. - I
have had two bills to report, which are important
to the whole country.' I have been ready for
some time to report them. One is in ration to
postage on printed matter, and the other is the
post route bill, in which every State is concerned.
If we had not gone on yesterday morning and
consumed the time with patriotic speeches, for
about an hour, we could have passed them both.
They would have raised no question in the Sen-
ate; and, in ten minutes, we could have passed
them and sent them over to the House. It will
be necessary to send them to the House, because
some amendments must be made to them; there-
fore it is important to get them up as soon as pos-
sible. If this debate goes on in this way to-day,
they will be crowded out again. I hope we shall
not consume the morning hour by this debate,
but that these reports may be made, and that we
may be allowed to act upon necessary bills.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire seemed surprised, because it was said by a
Senator on this side of the Chamber that we all
knew his motives. I do not know what motive
was intended to be attributed to him by the hon-
orable Senator who made the observation; but I
suspect that his own good sound sense will con-
vince him, upon a mere statement of the facts,
that the country will be convinced that Ins motive
is to defeat the bill. Let me appeal to his own
judgment. He says that he knows the bill will be
defeated. Now, sir, we all know it will be de-
feated , if it is taken up at this period of the session.
We all know that almost every Senator desires to
discuss the bill. It is known, therefore, to every
Senator, that it is utterly impossible that it can be
discussed and passed at the present session. What
is the result, if you do not take it up now? It has
already passed the House of Representatives. It
will come up as a part of the unfinished business
of this session, at the commencement of the next
session, without any action of the other branch of
the National Legislature; and we shall then have
time to act upon the subject, and the honorable
Senator will have an opportunity of presenting
the bill in its fairest aspects. And then, Mr. Presi-
dent, as the honorable Senator has referred to an
event which he intimates will have some effect
here, the November election will have passed, and
then we can act upon the bill. Not only shall we
have time to discuss it, but We can act upon it
without its having the bearing: to which the hon-
orable Senator has alluded. Then, it is palpable
that whatever may have been the motive—and I
am sure that it could not be—everybody will be
convinced that that is the necessary effect of what
the Senator desires.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust the Senator
from New Hampshire, if he is sincerely desirous
of advancing the interests of this bill, will accede
to the proposition of the Senator from Illinois. I
wish to say of that bill, that I am its friend in its
length, breadth, and depth. * I was prepared to
report it back favorably, and to vote for and ur^e
its passage the very day it was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. But in consequence
of the absence of some of the m«#ibers of the Sen-
ate, who accompanied the remains of Mr. Clay to
Kentucky, that committee was unable to do so.
If I had dreamed that there was any the slightest
particle of hope of obtainingthe favorable action of
the Senate upon it heretofore, without prejudice
to, and almost without ruining the bill—sir, if
everything around us had not foreshadowed inev-
itable defeat—defeat, not upon the merits of the
bill, but for the want of time to consider it, I should
have moved to take it up long ago. The State
and people I represent are deeply interested in the
passage of this bill, and ardently attached, as I
am, to the principle upon which it is based, I
trust we will be able to pass upon it before Con-
gress adjourns; but I hope it will not be thrust
upon the Senate in such a manner, and at such a
time, as to cause it to be voted down, time after
time, for the purpose of making political capital
in the presidential election.
Mr. CHASE. I desire that the precise state of
the question should be understood. Nothing is
more common in this body than to take up bills
for the purpose of making them the special order
for a particular day or hour. It consumes no
time, leads to no discussion./ The Senator from
New Hampshire moves simply to take up this
bill, and the Senator from Illinois proposes that it
shall be made the special order ior some future
hour. He has named six o'clock this evening. I
am indifferent as to what hour is named, if it- is
understood that it will be taken up. The Senator
from New Hampshire has already proposed to
accede to the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois. If taken up, it will lead to no debate at
present. If, then, the Senate is disposed at any
time during this session to take up this bill, now
is the time, and there can be no other time so ap-
propriate as the present. It is simply desired to
put the bill within the control of the "Senate, and
enable them to fix some time at which it may be
considered. I am certain my friend from Iowa
did not understand that the Senator from New
Hampshire had acceded to the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois, for if he had he would have
made no objection. No consumption of time is
necessary for it. All we have to do is to vote to
take it up, and then postpone it until some hour
that may be agreed upon.
Mr. 1VIAS0N. I am opposed to taking up this
bill at all, because I am opposed to the policy of
it; but that opposition will be very much strength-
ened when I consider the quarter from which the
motion to take it up comes. Sir, it has become a
part of the history of the day, that the Senator
who makes this proposition has been nominated
for the Presidency of the country by a party
called the Abolition party, the Liberty party, the
Free-Soil party, or in whatever other name they
may happen to rejoice.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
necessity of requesting the Senator to confine him-
self to the proposition before the Senate, which is
the motion to postpone the prior orders, with the
view of taking up the homestead bill.
Mr. MASON. I do not. question the motives
of the Senator from New Hampshire. I have no
doubt that they are patriotic according to that
Senator's measure of patriotism ; but if I am not
mistaken, this bill for giving away the public
lands is made a plank in the platform of the con-
vention which recently nominated that gentleman.
Now, 441 fear the Greeks even when they bring
presents and if I had no other reason for op-
posing this bill, I should not want to arm that
party with the means of giving a largess to the
people to invite their votes. Sir, the proposition
comes from a suspicious quarter-—a very sus-
picious quarter. If there were no other reason for
passing it over until after the November election,
that would be conclusive with me. I cannot con-
sent to any measure which will contribute to the
support of that party,—a party which, if it ever
attain its ends, can only attain them by destroying
this Government. That party, it seems, has
adopted this bill as a means of buyingup popular
votes at the presidential election. We have evi-
dence of that fact, for the convention which
recently assembled at Pittsburg, and nominated
him as a candidate for the Presidency, made this
bill one of its leading features to recommend the
nomination to the American people.
Mr. HALE. I am very sorry, Mr. President—
no I am not either; I thought I was sorry, but
on reflection 1 am rather glad; but I must say that
I am much astonished at the aspect m which the
Senator from Virginia looks at this measure. That
Senator says in plain terms what hp thinks of this
bill. Does he know who is the author of the bill?
I suppose that we have a right to speak of the
history of the country as we read it in the news-
papers? Was it the offspring of somebody who
does not measure patriotism by the same standard
as the honorable Senator from Virginia? He says
he does not measure his patriotism as I do. I can
assure the Senator, that if there is one thing in my
political position for which 1 thank God, it is that
we have different standards. Yes, sir, I am thank-
ful, heartily thankful, for that. Does the Senator
know where this measure originated? Is it the
offspring of some fanatical Abolitionist or Free-
Soiler? Did it come from Pittsburg, or from
Cleveland ? Sir, if the public journals speak the
truth, this bill has its origin in a section of coun-
try which measures patriotism by the same stand-
ard as the Senator from Virginia. I think it comes
a little south of the State*or Virginia; 'and let me
tell the honorable Senator, that, as much as he is
disposed to oppose measures because they come''
from certain quarters—and I am glad to heat,the
avowal—I have seen the fact ever since I have been'
a member of the Senate 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from I^esy
Hampshire really must confine himself to the ques-
tion before the Senate, which is to postpone the
prior orders, with a view to take up the homestead-
bill. - _ - -
Mr. HALE. I suppose, Mr. President, that
the Senator from Virginia was as much out of or-
der as I am ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair arrested the
Senator from Virginia, and desired him to confine
himself to the question.
Mr. HALE. I certainly was not aware of it;
but if the Chair did arrest the Senator from Vir-
ginia, it delivered him from arrest very soon.
[Laughter.].
Mr. RUSK. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will st&tehis
point of order. ' ■
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has already spoken twice on the subject.
The PRESIDENT, The proposition is to post- '
pone the prior orders to take up the bill indicated
by the Senator from New Hampshire. -
Mr. PRATT. There is a question of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New*
Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but a question of order
was raised, which I wish to have settled.
The PRESIDENT. The question of order is,
that the Senator from New Hampshire must con-
fine himself to the consideration of the motion be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will endeavor to do so.
Mr. PRATT. The point of order raised by
the Senator from Texas does not appear to have
been thoroughly comprehended by the Chair.
The point raised by that Senator was, that, under
the rules, no member of this body has a right to
speak more than twice on the same question, ex-
cept by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. There is no such rule.
Mr. RUSK. I ask for the reading of the 4th
rule.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
rule. It is as follows:
" No member shall speak more than twee, in any one
debate, on the same day, without leave of the Senate."
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, the rule does not ap-
ply to me. I have spoken but once, but have
been repeatedly interrupted by other Senators.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. I should like to see the rule en-
forced.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire will proceed.
Mr. HALE. I was about to say that the
Senator from Virginia has taken a position in
reference to this bill which he will regret in his
cooler moments. He is doing more for this fanat-
ical Free-Soil party, by identifying them with the
advocacy of the free-farm movement, than they
could do for themselves by obtaining thebest talents
m the country and sending them abroad to make
Free-Soil and Abolition lectures.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire must confine himself to the motion
immediately before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I have alleged that as
one reason why the bill should be disposed of
now, so as not to allow the fanatics to make po-
litical capital out of it hereafter. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone; and there were—yeas 16, nays 38; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper,
Bodge of Wisconsin, hodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs
Hale, James, Jones of Iowa, Seward, Sumnei, Wade, and
Walker—16.
NAY?—Messis. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Be)!, Borland, Bradbury, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charl-
ton, Davis, Dawson, l)e Baussure, Felcb, Fish, Geycr,
Hamlin, Hunte.i, Jones ol Tennessee, King,Mallory, Man-
gum,Mason, Meriwether, Morton, Norns, I'earcc, Piatt,
Riihk, Sebastian,Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruanee,Toucev3
Underwood, and I'pham—38.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRADBURY presented additional docu-
