1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1408
appropriation was again made, and the committee
refused to insert it in the appropriation bill; and
then after all that, sir, a new appropriation is
made to the Department, and they go back and
pay this §3,000 a year from the year 1849 up to
this time.
Then, sir, it is denied that this is an abuse, and
I am put under censure for bringing such matters
before the Senate, as though I had committed an
impropriety against the head ot a Department in
undertaking* to call the attention of the Senate to
these things. If I understand the Senator from
North Carolina to-day, he does contend that it was
within the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy;
and if this construction is true, the design clearly
was to pay these men at the rate of $4,500 a year.
Sir, when we want to know how our money goes,
and for what, what are we to look to? Are wcto
look to the law ? No, sir; it seems that we are to
go to the Departments, and to the documents con-
stituting part of the archives, and to the estimates
submitted to Congress,and they say nothing about
it; but, in the language of the Secretary of the
Navy, it appears from the files of this Department;
not from the printed documents—not from the
estimates submitted to Congress, but from some
pigeon-hole in the Navy Department, that there
were estimates in 1849, putting this salary at
$3,000. It is true, sir, that the officer then in the
department refused to pay it; application was
made to Congress year after year, and Congress
refused to pay it; and still, in the face of these
refusals, application is made again to a more pliant
officer, who not only puts the salary now at
$3,000, but goes back and reverses the decisions
made for years before. This is the case as jt
stands—tins is the fact which here presents itself.
But, sir, was it ever heaid of before, that the
head of a Department, in deciding what was the
true construction of an act of Congress in regard
to the salary of an officer, should not only go be-
yond the law, but should call upon the draftsman
of the bill to know if it was the object of the
framer of the law to give a salary of $3,000, but
also to Mr. Dayton, who submits his own opin-
ion as a matter confirmatory of the right of the
officer to receive that salary? And besides all that,
sir—that nut being enough—you have the opinion
of an ex-member of Congiess, and an ex-member
of a committee, (Mr. Vinton,) and he tells you
that it was his expectation, and he had no doubt
it was the expectation of the rest of the commit-
tee, that this amount of salary was to be paid.
Thus, by the expectation of what were the inten-
tions of a past committee of another Congress, a
salary is raised by the head of one of the Depart-
ments from $1,500 to $3,000, when year after year
the party had been asking Congress to do it, and
Congress had refused to do it.
Now I ask, if Congress is not willing Lo sink
and submerge themselves in entire subserviency
to these officers, that they will vindicate the law
from such—f will not call them abuses—but from
such constructions of the law as this. I rail upon
Congress when they appropriate money, to see
that the purse-strings are not held so loosely as to
allow by a loose construction of the law, upon
estimates and specifications filed away in the dark
pigeon-holes of the Departments, the payment of
money which they know nothing about. Now,
if this construction of the law was good for any-
thing, it could not go back beyond the year 1840.
This is simply a requisition in the law that the
Secretary shall appoint some person to discharge
a certain duty, and $6,000 are appropriated m the
whole for a particular object. I do not want to
dwell upon this subject any further. No adjec-
tives which the Senator from North Carolina can
apply to so humble an individual as myself can
strip this thing of the prominent features which it
presents, or cover up the fans as they exist.
Here is an appropriation, not saying a word about
this officer; not specifying him at all. He thinks
it applies to himself, and authorizes him to receive
a greater salary. He applies to the head of a De-
partment, and his application is negatived. He
then comes to Congress, and Congress says "No;" i
and he then corner again to Congress, and Con- j
gress still says " No." But while this Congress :
is m session, and after these repeated refusals of j
Congress and the Department, payment is made, j
going back to 1849 and coming up to thi^ tune. j
Every word is here printed. There is no idle j
rumor, no doubt, no mistake, no misapprehension !
about it. But I say to Congress, if you will sanc-
tion this you do not know the salary of a single
officer. Congress cannot look into the minutue of
every salary included in the provisions of a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
1 know when the bill in which the appropria-
tion was made, which 1 have been commenting
upon, was brought up for consideration, it was
not more than forty-eight hours previous to the
adjournment of Congress, i asked to have the
bill read through once; and half a dozen members
came around me, and although it was a bill appro-
priating an enormous sum of money, they asked
me not to insist on having the bill read, because
the hour of adjournment was so near that there
was great danger that the bill would be lost, if
time was taken to read it once. This amendment
then came up, to increase the salary from $1,500
to $3,000 a year. The Senate refused to agree to
that amendment. Then the other case of Mr.
Dahlgren came up, and I moved to strike it out,
so as to put him on the same footing, and the uni-
versal cry was, " there is no time, there is no
time !"
One word as to the general features of this bill.
I have no objection to paying Lieutenant Maury
every cent that his services are worth. I think no
man can complain of me since I have had a seat
on the floor of either House of Congress, that I
have raised my voice against paying any public
officer liberally. I am willing to pay them liber-
ally; but what I object to, is this system of put-
ting amendments to general appropriation bills,
for the purpose of compensating them; and pass-
ing them when nobody can see them. In this
way they creep m, and you soon have a number
of subordinate bureaus, without examination or
knowledge on the part of Congress of what you
are doing. That is the evil which I wish to wipe
out, so that we may have a general system of
compensation; and that an officer who has too
low a compensation may have it raised; but do
not leave it to the discretion of Secretaries—do not
leave it to the doubtful construction which is to be
given to certificates of ex-members of Congress—
do not leave it to the doubtful construction of affi-
davits of gentlemen who happen to know what
was in the brain of others—do not leave it to esti-
mates, not printed and before Congress, but filed
away m the Departments. Go back to the Con-
stitution, to its plain, explicit, and express pro-
visions, so that no money shall be obtained from
the Treasury except by virtue of an appropriation
made by law.
The Senator from North Carolina says that I
regard the law of 1835 as possessing the virtue of
a constitutional provision. That is not what I
complained of. What I complain of is, that while
the law is so plain and specific in its provisions,
its administiation and execution is such as to suf-
fer the payment of more than is provided. 1 have
no personal interest in this matter. J do not know
Mr. Davis. He maybe more learned than all the
sages of Greece—he may be a walking compen-,
dium of all the knowledge to be obtained bygazing :
at the stars from now till the end of time—and his j
Nautical Almanac may embrace all that Newton ;
ever dreamed of. I do not know anything about j
that. If his salary  s not sufficient, raise it; but ,
do not suITei such a plain and clear provision of a j
law to be violated. Wipe out what authorizes, or
seems to authorize such a construction of this law;
and, when an officer is deserving of a higher com-
pensation, let him go before the proper Depart-
ment, and then bring his claim to Congress, prop- '
erly recommended; and while I have the honor of
a seat on this floor, I will be one of the la&t to ob- '
ject to Ins increased compensation.
Mr. BADGER. I am not m the habit of using '
adjectives, particularly those of a denunciatoiy |
chaiacter. it is, therefore, hardly necessary for ;
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] j
to say that no adjectives I could apply to him-would |
strip this matter of the features if presents. 1 should j
consider myself, if i were to use any epithets ot de- !
nunciation on the present occasion, to be encroach- ,
mg on the honorable Senator's manor; forheseems, ;
whenever anything respecting the Navy comes up ;
for consideration, to be in possession of a large '
stock of epithetical expressions which are any- i
thing but complimentary. Nor can I hope, by
anything that I can urge, to reason or to persuade '
the Senator into taking a fair and candid view of ,
anything pertaining to that Department. I beHeve '
theonly class of officers in the naval service whifch,
in his opinion, does not receive adequate compen-
sation, and which ought to be additionally re-
munerated, is that corps of reverend gentlemen
called chaplains. In this view, I confess, I Sirs
ready to concur; but I regret that the charitable
feelings of the Senator are so stinted as to embrace
but one class of persons connected with that ser-
vice.
I do not mean to enter into an elaboration of
this matter, but I wish to submit two observations
to the Senate. As the Senator from New Hamp-
shire set out by stating that he could not hope to
convince me, so I will observe, with equal truth,
and with much greater foundation for the asser-
tion, that neither I, nor anybody else, ever need
hope to convince that honorable Senator, I sub-
mit what few observations I have to offer to the
Senate. In the first place, the Senator seems to
think it a matter of extreme impropriety, and en-
tirely without precedent, that any inquiry fdr the
purpose of elucidating a particular provision con-
tained in a law, as to the views and notions of
those who were concerned in its passage, should
be referred to. Permit me to say, that I do not
concur in the opinion which the honorable Senator
has so expressed. 1 deceive myself greatly if, in
courts of justice, it is not allowed m regard to
provisions of doubtful statutes to recur to theopin-
10ns entertained or expressed by those concerned
in passing them, or those who were cotempora-
neous with them. There can, therefore, be no rea-
sonable objection to an attempt to ascertain what
was the true intention of this provision of the
law.
Now, the honorable Senator may think that
these references were not entitled to a certain
amount of weight, hut that is a question for the
Senate to decide. Whatever else they were, they
were regular and legitimate sources to which to
refer, in endeavoring to fix what was the meaning
of Congress in passing that law.
One other remark, and I have done. Upon the
Senator's own system of interpretation, it is clear
and evident that this gentleman is entitled to re-
ceive $3,000 per year. He rejects the interpreta-
tion put upon this clause of the law by the Comp-
troller, and which 1 think is a just and reasonable
one—that this, $6,000 being appropriated, among
other objects, was to pay this amount tothesuper-
nUendent, and the superintendent being directed to
be selected from the officers of the Navy, it was
the intention of Congress that he should be paid
as a superintendent, and not as an officer of the
Nsvy. The Senator rejects that interpretation.
Very well, sir. Now, how do we stand ? In the
appropriations contained in that same bill for the
payment of ail the officers of the Navy, is included
(he payment of tins gentleman (Mr. Davis) as a
lieutenant. Then Congress puts an .additional
appropriation into the bill. A lieutenant might
be selecied for the performance of this duty, or
some other officer. It was to be performed byan
officer not below the grade of a lieutenant; and,
for the purpose of making this arrangement more
c!car, we may suppose that the name of Mr. Davis
h.id been put in, and then there is an appropriation
of $6,000 for the expenses of the almanac, includ-
ing the pay of "the superintendent, Mr. Da\is
Well, then, here are undeniably two appropria-
tions to pay Mr. Davis—one under the general
appropriations, he being an officer of the Navy,
and one under this special appropriation; and the
Senator says that under this second appropriation,
he was to receive nothing 1 ut his pay as an officer
of the Navy. Then, Mr. President, by the Sen-
ator's own showing, there was a double appro-
priation in each case to be regulated by his pay
as an officer of the Navy. Independently of his
pay as an ofrirer, he was entitled to §1,500. As
a supeiintendent, he was entitled to receive an ad-
ditional sum as an officer of the Navy superin-
tending. Then you only have §1,5*00 more,
making^3,000; so that stripped of all technicali-
ties, and with a fair and reasonable interpretation
of tins law, the same result follows; and unless
Congress had made a general appropriation, and
then made.a special appropriation for his benefit,
the intended special appropriation would amount
to nothing.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator frum New Hampshire, that perhaps this
amendment is broader than he designs to have it?
Does he mean to say  
