2ms
TI1K CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
ments relating to the claims of Maine and Massac
r.husetts against the United States under the-fifth
•article of the treaty of Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.'
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of John
M. Fogno; praying that his memorial and papers
that were before the late Board of Commissioners
for the settlement of claims . of American citizen's
against. Mexico, may - be referred to the Select
Committee on the subject; which was referred to
the Select Committee appointed on,the subject.
Mr. COOPER.presented a petition of citizens
of York county, Pennsylvania, praying that the
bill introduced into the House of Representatives
requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit
the fourth installment of the deposits of the public
moneys directed to be made withtheStates by the
act of 23d June, 1836, may become a law; which
Was'referred? to the Committee on finance.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOULE, -from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of of-
ficers, clerks, and others in the civil and military
departments of the United States Government in
New Mexico, asked to be discharged from the
further'consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferredto the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
James Pool, reported a joint resolution author-
izing the settlement of the accounts of James Pool;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred a resolution of
the Legislature of Texas, praying that the officers
of the Texas navy may be incorporated into the
Navy of the United States, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a joint resolution, relative to the of-
ficers of the late Texan navy; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The reportwasor-
dered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on "the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which were referred
various bills and memorials relative to the subject
of the establishment of new mail lines of steamers,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James Jeffries and
Jeremiah M. Smith, reported a bill fort-heir relief;
which was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Rebecca J. Birdsall,
reported a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same- committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives " to establish certain post roads," re-
ported it back with sundry amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of David
K. Arey, praying a new register for the barque
Q,ueen, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a new register for the
barque Queen, of Dundee; which was read and
passed to the second reading;.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN,the above-named
bill was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. No amendment being
offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the owners of the
brig Marthaette Morse, reported a bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a new regis-
ter for the brig Marthaette Morse, late the Belgian
brig Enterprise; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Select Committee, to
which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives making a grant of public lands to
the several States and Territories of the Union,
for the benefit of indigent insane persons, reported
back the same without amendment.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of the heir of William Hazard Wigg, de-
ceased, praying compensation for losses incurred
by the said Wigg in the war of the Revolution, j
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his !
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred documents in
relation to the claim of R. L. Blair, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw the
same; which was agreed to.-
He-also, from the'same committee, to which
Was referred the memorial of the agent of the State
of-Maine, praying that this accounting officers of
the Treasury may be authorized to allow and pay
all claims intended to be provided for by the act of
the 13th of June, 184^, that have been allowed,
and paid by the said State, submitted a report;-
which was, ordered to be printed.
MODIFICATION OF POSTAGE RATES.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives to amend an
act entitled " An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses," passed 3d of March, 1851, have instructed
me.to report it, with two amendments. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider the
bill at this time. The amendments are short, and
I do not think there can be any objection to them.
.It will-be necessary to send the bill back to the
House of Representatives, on account of the
amendments; and that will' require some time.
The state of my health is such that I can scarcely
remain in my seat. I therefore ask the Senate to
consider the bill at this time. 1 do not think that
it will occupy ten minutes.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out, in the first section of the bill, the fol-
lowing rates:
" Each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine, book,
bound or unbound, ciicular, catalogue, and every other de-
scription of printed matter unconnected with any manu-
script or writing, and of no greater weight than two ounces,
shall be chaiged with one cent postage, and one cent tor
each additional ounce or fraction ot an ounce, for any dis-
tance under three thousand miles; and for any distance
over three thousand nnles, double those rates. All news-
papers and periodicals not weighing over one ounce, and
published regularly as often as once in three months, and
sent from the office of publication to actual subscribers
shall be chargeable with only one half the foregoing rates:
Provided, That all newspapers and periodicals not weigh-
ing over two ounces, when sent to aetual subscribers within
the State where such papers and periodicals are published,
shall be entitled lo the reduction provided for in this section.
The postage on all printed mailable matter shall be prepaid
at the office where it is mailed, or paid quaiterly, in ad-
vance, at the office of delivery; otheiwise double the fore-
going rates shall be charged thereon ;"
—and to insert in lieu of them the following:
Newspapers, periodicals, and all other printed matter, not
exceeding three ounces in weight, shall be sent to any part
of the United Stales for one cent; and for every additional
ounce or traction of an ounce, one cent; and when the post-
age is paid quarterly or yearly, in advance, either at the of-
fice where the taidnewspaperorpcriodical is mailed or de-
livered, one hair of said rates only shall be charged. News-
papers not weighing over one ounce and a half, when circu-
lated m the State where published, shall be charged one half
of the rates before named : Provided, That small newspapers
published monthly or oftener, when sent in packages to one
address, and prepaid by affivijig stamps thereto, shall be
chargeable at half of a cent for each ounce or fraction of an
ounce. Postage on transient matter shall be prepaid, or
shall be charged double the foregoing rates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert after the word "matter," in the second
section, the words " and shall be chargeable with
' postage at one cent an ounce for all distances
'under three thousand miles, and two cents an
' ounce for all distances over three thousand miles,
' to which fifty per cent, shall be added in all cases
' where the same shall be seiit without being pre-
' paid;" so that the section shall read:
"Booksbound orunbound, not weighingoverfour pounds,
shall be deemed mailable matter, and shall be chargeable
with postage at one cent an ounce tor all distances," &c.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, arid the amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the bill by
adding to the second section the following pro-
viso:
Provided further, That the Postmaster General may
prescribe, by general regulation, what matter other than
such as is specified in this act, shall be regarded as mail-
able matter, which shall be sent at the same rates of post-
age as booksi
The object is to allow horticulturists and others
to send small packages of seeds to distant parts of
the country, which can be accomplished in no
other way.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that it was
the intention of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to offer such an amendment; but
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio meets
the approbation of the committee.
Mr. BORLAND. I, am disposed to relieve
everything that may be proper to go through the
mails of unnecessary burden; but really it seems
to me that this proposition will open the mail as a
common carrier to any one who may have articles
of merchandise to send. How will it bepossible
to discriminate in the administration of such a
provision as this? It allows horticulturists to
send—what? It does not specifically define the arti-
cles which are to be sent through the mail. Any
man, therefore, who has a garden may gather up
its products and send them through the mails, as
it seems to me, under this provision, unless 1 have
greatly mistaken it. 1 ask-for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill now provides that
publishers of books may send them, at a pre-
scribed rate of postage, through the mails. This
amendment provides that other matter, such as
may be designated by the Postmaster General,
shall be mailable matter, and shall be sent at the
same rate of postage as book's. Now, this matter
will pay $200 a ton for transportation, and per-
haps more than that. It will be a source of rev-
enue to the Department. It will allow merchants
in our large cities to transmit samples of goods
without incumbering the mails in any way
that is objectionable. I know no reason why
facilities should not be extended to our merchants,
who really pay the great bulk of our postage,
when these facilities will cost them $200 or $300 a
ton on their merchandise, and when the revenues
of the Department will be increased thereby. The
object is to merely extend the provision to others
than those who publish books. -
Mr. BORLAND. Since I have heard the amend-
ment read, I find that it is not quite as objection-
able as I at first thought it was. But I can well
understand how Senators from the region of coun-
try from which the Senator from Maine comes,
may see an advantage to their portions of the
country from this proposition. It may be very
burdensome, however, to other sections of the
country. If you open the mails to carry mer-
chandise in this way, what is to become of the
region of country in which I live, and other
sparsely-settled portions of the Union, where the
mails are carried on horse-back? Why, you will
soon load down the mails. At this time, owing
to the want of facilities in sparsely-settled regions,
we have our mails left over from week to week,
because the means of transportation are not suffi-
cient to carry what is now sent. When we apply
to the Post Office Department for an increase of
the service, we are told that it cannot be allowed
because the revenue is not sufficient to meet the
additional expense.
If you will extend the operations of the post
office system, and allow—in addition to letters,
papers, and books—merchandise to be carried in
the mails, they will become the common carriers
of the country; and in those regions where we
have only horse-back transportation, or small two-
horse wagons to carry the mail, they will be
loaded down so that we shall not get our mail
matter at all. Mail matter will be laid over at the
offices for months. Now, we experience great
difficulties of this kind; but these difficulties will
increase, and I fear will cut us off almost alto-
gether from all- mail facilities, provided we adopt
this principle. W here the mails are carried on
steamboats and railroad cars, there may be no dif-
ficulty in carrying out this plan; but I repeat, in
sparsely-settled regions, where we have but lim-
ited means of transportation, we shall suffer in-
conveniences that will become intolerable.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to allow me to modify my amendment
by inserting after the word " act" the words " or
the act amended hereby." So that it shall read:
Provided further, That the Postmaster General may pre-
scribe by general regulation what matter, other than such
as is specified in this act, or the act amended hereby, shall
be regarded as mailable matter, which shall be sent at the
same rates as books.
