49*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
.Senate* I wish, if necessary, to call the attention
of ray honorable friend from Florida, who is ac-
quainted with the case of Mrs. Dade, to this.
Mr. BADGrER. There is no objection to the
bill.
Mr, SMITH. I do not know that there is any
objection.to it. But my friend from Florida is,
acquainted with the case, if it is .necessary to say
anything about it.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume there can be no
objection to the bill. It is very similar-to the bill
passed for the relief of Mrs. Dade. Major Dade
fell in the massacre at the beginning of the Florida
war. So did Captain Gardner. The case of Mrs.
Gardner is eminently entitled to the consideration
of the Senate. 1 can see no reason why a dis-
tinction should be raised between the two cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WILLIAM A. RICHMOND.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of
William A. Richmond, which was reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs with an amend-
ment.
The bill proposes to authorize the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to audit and set-
tle the accounts of William A. Richmond, late
superintendent of Indian affairs at Detroit, Mich-
igan, upon principles of equiiy and justice, and
that whatever sum or sums of money, if any, be
found due to him shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment of the committee is to insert at
the end of the bill the words:
<c Provided* That such sum of money shall not exceed
$240."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
EXTENSION OF PATENTS.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is a bill to extend two patents of Zebulon
Pai ker.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, the consideration of
the bill \vy* postponed until Friday next.
JOHN F. CALLAN.
The bill for the relief of John F. Callan, admin-
istrator of Daniel Renner, deceased, was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause the claim of John F. Callan, administrator
of Daniel Renner, deceased, of the firm of Renner
<& Heath—which claim anses from the alleged
burning of a rope-walk and of seine twine therein,
in tiie District of Columbia, by the public enemy,
in the month of August, 1814, belonging to said
firm—to be audited and settled on principles of
equity and justice, looking to the evidence here-
tofore produced before Congress or the Treasury
Department, or heieafier to be taken; provided that
the allowance so made shall in no case exceed the
sum of $6,744.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there a report in that case?
The PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to hear it read.
Mr. WADE. As I perceive that the Senator
who takes charge of the bill is not in his seat, I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until Friday next.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator who reported the
bill is absent, but he wished me to ask the Senate
to consider it to-day. i
Mr. WADE. Then I withd raw my motion. j
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to make a sin- ;
gle suggestion ill connection with what was said J
by the honorable Senator from Maryland. The I
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Wiiit- j
comb,] who is absent on account of illness, re- j
quested that this case should go over in the event 1
of there being a serious opposition to it. If the
honorable Senator from Virginia is decidedly of
opinion that the bill ought not to be passed, I
think it would be better to lay it over. Perhaps
he will withdraw his opposition after hearing the
report read, n;hich was made by the gentleman
from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT. The reading of the report
has been called for.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the reading will be
proceeded with.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the bill be
laid over until Friday next. That case was be-
fore the Committee of Claims some time ago, when.
I was a member of the committee, and I believe
an unfavorable report was made. I am not cer-
tain about the matter, and I wish the bill laid over,
so that I may look into the facts.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am informed that there
is a decided opposition to the bill; it would, there-
fore, be better to let it go over until the honorable
Senator from Indiana, who reported it, is in his
place.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My motion is to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
Friday next. I want to say now that this claim
relates to a matter which has once been paid for.
I understand that an allowance has been made,
and the claim now is for an additional allowance.
I think the claim was reported against some two
or three years ago.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is true.
Mr. BAYARD. That is the fact.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I think the bill
ought to be laid over.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Kentucky
made one observation, which I think demands a
reply. He says this claim has been paid. Now,
I can inform the honorable Senator that it has not
been paid. One of the individual claimants has, I
believe, been paid a sum of money, but not for
what this bill provides.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that this
bill provides for a resettlement of the accounts
upon the testimony already filed, and such addi-
tional testimony as may be heieafter presented.
That opens the whole matter, and embraces a re-
payment of that which has already been paid for,
either in whole or in part.
Mr. BAYARD. The former payment was for
personal property which was destroyed in 1814.
Die bill now reported provides relief for the de-
struction of the rope-walk and twine of these par-
ties. My own opinions are adverse to this claim;
and I shall state my reasons for those opinions
whenever the bill comes up. 1 do not think we
ought to pass the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I think we had better decide
this bill to-day. The honorable Senator who re-
ported this bill, requested me to take his position
m respect to it, and to explain it. I think I un-
derstand it sufficiently, and 1 hope it will be acted
upon to-day. If it is right, I hope it will be
passed to-day. If it is wrong, I hope the Senate
will reject it to-day. We can just as well under-
stand and decide it to-day ns we can at any future
day. I hope, therefore, that we will act on it^o-
day, arid settle it in some way. If the motion-*)
postpone be rejected, the report can be read, and I
can explain the facts of the case, I think, so as to
enable the Senate to act understandingly.
The motion to postpone was agreed to, there
being, on a division, 19 ayes and 16 noes. /
T. H. MCMANUS. \f
The bill to authorize T. H. McManus to enter
I by preemption certain lands in the Greensburg dis-
] trict, Louisiana, was read a second time and con-
i sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
j that T. II. McManus be authorized, under such
I instructions as may be given by the Commissioner
! ofthe General Land Office, to enter by preemption,
| at the rate of $1 25 per acre, at the land office at
| Greensburg, Louisiana, such quantity of public
I lands, not to exceed eight hundred acres, accord-
| ing to legal subdivisions, as may embrace his
; actual improvements in the parish of East Feli-
| cidna, on the waters of the Black Creek, township
! No. 1, and range No. 3, provided that such entry
! shall not interfere with the valid rights of others,
and shall be made after the return to the aforesaid
land office of an approved plat of said township.
Mr. DOWNS. I will state the facts of the case
very briefly. Mr. McManus purchased at probate
sale, after the death of the parties who had settled
on this land, their right of preemption. He bought
the rights to two tracts. In addition to that there
is a small quantity of vacant land near him which
he wishes to enter. Now, oil these two purchases,
which, perhaps, under the restrictions of the pre-
emption laws, he cannot properly enter as a pre-
emption right, but of which he was a bona fide
purchaser at a probate sale, and also a quantity of
vacant land adjoining, to which nobody else sets
up a claim, he asks, m order to complete his title,
that he may be permitted to enter the whole, not
exceding eight hundred acres, by preemption
right. There is a statement accompanying the re-
port and petition, made by a number of his neigh-
bors living around him, confirming the facts as he
states them in his petition. All he asks is the
mere right of preemption.
He purchased these improvements for a valu-
able consideration, when they were sold at probate
sale; and I presume there can be no doubt of his
right to enter that much. Whether he shall be
allowed to enter, in addition, the small quantity of
vacant land adjoining, which nobody claims, is a
matter for the Senate to decide. If I recollect
rightly, this bill passed the Senate at the last ses-
sion. At any rate it was favorably reported upon.
The only difficulty in the way that I know of, is
the objection which many entertain to an ordinary
transfer of preemption rights before they are se-
cured. But this is not a case of that kind. This
is a case of the death of the parties who had the
preemption rights, and, according to the law of
my State and the decisions of the supreme court
of Louisiana, these rights, though not perfect, are
considered a species of property. It is true, the
officer of the United States may object to carrying
them out in full on technical grounds, but theyare
very frequently sold at probate sales in the ordi-
nary course of business in Louisiana. _ They cer-
tainly, according to our law, vest a right in the
party. The only opposition to allowing transfers
was for the purpose of preventing speculations.
This is not a case of that kind. This is a case
where a man has lived on and cultivated the land.
He bought these rights in good faith, at probate
sale, and the only objection to his not entering
them by preemption right, is a technical one. All
he asks is preemption rights to these tracts. I can
conceive of no serious objection to the passage of
this bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection to the
bill, provided it is properly guarded. I have my
doubts as to whether a sale, under an order of the
probate court, of a preemption right, would be at
all valid—whether it would transfer anything at
all. Under the preemption laws, I believe, the
representatives of the deceased may or may not
enter. The preemption right accrues to his rep-
resentatives, to his administrators, or to his
widow. Now, if their rights should be protected
in this bill by an amendment, I should have no
objection to it. As to the small fraction of land
adjoining these purchases, which the Senator men-
tions, I see no difficulty in the way of this man's
entering it, whether he has or has not a preemp-
tion right, unless somebody else has a preemption
right to it. If there is no preemption right to it,
then he can enter, or any other citizen of the
United States can enter, that land by paying the
money for it at the land office.
Suppose this bill shall pass, authorizing Mr.
McManus to enter this quantity of land, not to
exceed eight hundred acres; and suppose the*
representatives, or the widow, or whosoever un-
der the preemption law is entitled to enter the
land, should go to the land office,make the neces-
sary proofs, and present the money; there would
be a difficulty. I see this difficulty in the way;
but if the rights of these parties are guarded by an
amendment, I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. DOWNS. There is a provision in the bill
in regard to the rights of other parties. If the
Senator will allow the bill to be read again, he
will see that the rights of all the other parties are
sufficiently secured.
The bill was read.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection to it.
Mr. FELCH. I would like to inquire what
the difficulty is in the way of this person enjoying
the right now to buy the land at Government
price ? Can he not purchase it now at si 25 per
acre ?
Mr. DOWNS. I do not know what the diffi-
culty is, but I can state several that may exist.
There are many restrictions and limitations in the
preemption laws. One is, that if a man owns a
certain quantity of land besides that for which he
claims a preemption right, he cannot enjoy the
benefit of a preemption right. That may be the
case with this man, for he may own more than
three hundred and twenty acres besides. That
would be one objection. There may be others.
