1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. HALE. With the leave of the Senator I
will withdraw it, and offer a substitute.
There being no objection, the following amend-
ment was proposed as a substitute:
And no estimate or appropriation of money, in any bill
making appropriations, shall authorize the payment of any
increased pay, allowance, or compensation in any form
whatever, beyond the amount prescribed in said act of
March 3d, 1835, in any case, unless there shall first be a
specific direction for such extra payment, designating the
names of such officers to whom such extra payment shall
be made.
Mr. HUNTER. It strikes me that is right,
but I would like to hear it read again.
Mr. HALE. I will modify it by striking out
the words " act of March 3d, 1835," and insert-
ing the.words "prescribed by law."
Mr. BADGER. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment?
The PRESIDENT. Is that which the Senator
from New Hamshire has presented to be added as
another section?
Mr. HALE. It is.
The PRESIDENT. Then it will be in order
to offer an amendment to it.
Mr. BADGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of it the words, " ex-
cept the Superintendent of the Nautical Almanac,
who shall he allowed the sum of $3,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that the gentleman
who has the superintendence of this almanad ought
to receive $3,000 a year; but I also believe that
heretofore he has not received it according to law.
I am in favor of the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, and I should be willing to
add to it something which expressly appropriates
$3,000 a year to this officer; but I cannot agree to
an amendment inferring that he has heretofore re-
ceived it according to (aw. I think he ought to
have that sum, and I shall vote for his receiving it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inquire
whether this is a substitute for a section, or an
additional section ?
Mr. HALE. I offered an amendment some
time ago, which I now withdraw, and offer this
as a substitute.
The PRESIDENT. Then it is to come in as
a section by itself.
Mr, HALE. It comes in as a section by itself.
Mr, BADGER. I propose to put my amend-
ment in the form of a proviso, so as to add to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
the following:
Provided, That nothing in this section contained shall
apply to the Superintendent of the Nautical Almanac, who
is hereby allowed a compensation of $3,000 per annum.
Mr. BORLAND. Why say that it shall not
apply to him ? Why not leave it a simple appro
prration ?
Mr. BADGER. I wish to except him from the
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen
ator from North Carolina an alteration of his
amendment. It is to make it say simply:
Provided, That the Superintendentofthp Nautical Alma-
nac is hereby allowed a compensation of .$3,000 per annum.
If it were put in this form, he would get rid of
the difficulty suggested by the Senator from Ar-
kansas.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from "Virginia that, as he thinks the
Superintendent of the Nautical Almanac has been
receiving $3,000 a year contrary to law for two
years, it will be time enough to put in this proviso
two years hence, when his account will be square.
Let us not make an exception in the case of the
only one of those officers who has been receiving
an illegal compensation.
Mr. BADGER. I will modify my amendment
so as to meet the suggestions of the Senator from
Arkansas and the Senator from Virginia. I will
modify it so as to read:
Provided, That the Superintendent of the Nautical Al-
manac in hereby allowed a salary of $3,000 per annum.
Mr. HALE. As this is a question which was
tried two years ago by the yeas and nays, I ask
now for the yeas and nays upon the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina to the amendment
which I have offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in a few remarks. As the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire has so often re-
ferred to the vote of the Senate at a former ses-
sion on this subject, and as his remark is calcula-
ted, I think, to give a mistaken idea of the motives
which influenced the Senate in refusing to ingraft
into the naval appropriation bill of last year a pro-
vision giving this superintendent $3,000 per an-
num, I wish to say that that vote furnishes no
evidence at all of the view of the Senate as to the
propriety of allowing that compensation. We
were then warned of the danger of making amend-
ments on account of the short time that we had,
and the fear of losing the bill altogether. I recol-
lect very well that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky—who has been so long, and is now so
unhappily confined by disease—voted, with the
Senator from New Hampshire, against the pro-
posed amendment, and voted also against the
proposition to strike out the allowance of $3,000
to Mr. Dahlgren, and on the ground that he was
unwilling to make any amendments to the bill
which could possibly have the effect of sending it
back to the House of Representatives.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
35, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Atchison. Badger, Bell. Berrien, Bor-
land, Brooke, Butler, Cass,Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Downs,
Fwh, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee,
King, Mangutn, Mason, MiHer, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul6, Spruance, Sum-
ner, Touccy, Underwood, and Wade—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Chase, Clemens,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, I-Iaie, Hamlin, Jones
of Iowa, Nurris, Walker, and Weller—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. There is in the bill this provision:
"For running and marking the boundary lme between
the United States and Mexico, according to the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, $80,000."
I move to amend it by adding to it this proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
sumed as to sanction a departure from the point on the Rio
Grande noith of the town called "Paso," designated in
the said tieaty.
I will explain very briefly the reason why I
offer this amendment. The treaty is very distinct
and clear, that the boundary line shall leave the
Rio Grande where that river intersects the south-
ernmost boundary of New Mexico, north of the
town called Paso, which was to be computed
according to a map attached to the treaty—Dis-
turnell's map. That map shows the southern
boundary of New Mexico to begin immediately
north of the town of El Paso. There has been
some misunderstanding between the commission-
ers on that subject. Our commissioner agreed to
go about half a degree above that point, and estab-
lished the initial line in the absence of the sur-
veyor, who was a part of the commission. When
the surveyor arrived, he protested against the act
of the commissioner; in consequence of which
that line W0S suspended, and remains now sus-
pended. The commission then proceeded from
the Rio Grande to survey the Rio Gila, and are
i now going on with the latter; but the line between
the Rio Grande and the Gila remains suspended.
What I desire is, that there shall be nothing in-
ferred from the making of this appropriation which
shall sanction the line proposed by the commis-
sioner on the part of Mexico, and agreed to by
our commissioner, but to which our surveyor
refused to agree.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I would suggest
for the consideration of the mover of this propo-
; aition, that the amendment, as it seems to me,
| involves the construction of the treaty. Thisques-
' tion of boundary must be settled under the treaty.
It cannot be settled except by the treaty. It
cannot be settled by any construction which
Congress may give to it.
Mr. RUSK. I do not propose that we shall
| give any construction to it,
! Mr. DAVIS. If, by this proviso being attached
j to the bill, it should be an attempt on the part of
Congress to locate the line contrary to the true
construction of the treaty, it would be a violation
of the treaty.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will read the
amendment, he will see that I require that the ini-
tial point shall not be any other than that provided
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. I ask that
the amendment may be read, so that the Senator
from Massachusetts may see what it really is.
The amendment was read accordingly.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the provision seems to me to
be wholly unnecessary, because, after all, it comes
to that point. The treaty must settle the question,
and no interpretation or construction given to it
here can decide or settle where that line shall be.
If the proviso means nothing more than that we
will adhere to the treaty; why should we adopt an
amendment in regard to th e matter ? 11 strengthens
nothing; it weakens nothing; but it is an unneces-
sary act of legislation.
Mr. RUSK. I do not want to raise any dis-
cussion upon this subject, but I will say that the
commissioner upon the part of the United States
has acted in violation of the plain provisions of
the treaty, and has agreed to establish the initial
point thirty miles above the place where, accord-
ing to the treaty, the line should leave the Rio
Grande. I am prepared to go into a full investi-
gation of the subject whenever it may become ne-
cessary. All that I want now is, to prevent Con-
gress, by making the appropriation for this survey,
to sanction this departure from the principles of
the treaty—from the plain words of the treaty
itself. That is all that I ask.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not see any im-
propriety in adopting the amendment. I appre-
hend that the object of my friend from Texas is
a very legitimate and proper one. We are about
to pay for services performed in doing this labor,
and his object is only to say that, whilst we pay
for the service, this payment shall not be construed
as sanctioning the manner in which the work has
been done, or as sanctioning any departure from
the principles of the treaty. I do not see that there
can be any impropriety at all in that. If you pay
this money without saying anything in regard to
the matter, perhaps hereafter, when the dispute
as to the proper position of the line on the Rio
Grande comes to be agitated between the com-
misioners appointed by Mexico and hy our coun-
try, the Mexican commissioner may say, " You
ought not to object to this line—it has already
been partially run, thirty miles above the true
point; you have paid for the work, and the ser-
vice, without objection; your Congress allowed
it to pass without any comment at all; and there-
fore you cannot object to this line." I do not
see anything but a precautionary movement in
this proposition of the Senator from Texas; and
it seems to me to be not at all improper. It does
not give any construction, as I conceive, to the
treaty. If I understand it, it merely provides that
nothing herein contained shall be construed as
authorizing a departure from the treaty. We do
not undertake to say by the amendment, as I un-
derstand it, that the place where, it is said, the
commissioner proposes to locate the point upon
the Rio Grande, conforms to the treaty, or departs
from the treaty. It merely says that the payment
shall not be construed as sanctioning a departure
from the treaty. I see no impropriety in that, and
therefore I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection to any provision or proviso that the hon-
orable Senator from Texas may deem proper to
make, so far as it regards the treaty with Mexico,
if it is proper for the Senate to adopt an amend-
ment which can strengthen or take from the effect
of that treaty. But, sir, in the course of the ex-
planation which my honorable friend from Texas
has made, he has chosen, in my humble opinion,
i to reflect upon the conduct of the United States
Commissioner, appointed to run the boundary line
between this country and Mexico. I am not pre-
pared, at this time, to go into that subject fully.
I had supposed that, at a proper time, the official
conduct of that officer would be brought up for
consideration, and that, at that time, 1 should be
prepared to go into an investigation of the manner
in which he had proceeded with his duties.
Mr. WELLER. That time will come.
Mr. CLARKE. If, in the examination of that
matter, it shall appear that his duties have been
correctly and properly performed, I, at least, shall
be ready to advocate and to defend his course.
The question that has arisen, in regard to the
treaty with Mexico, is simply on account of the
provision of the treaty, that the line should be run
according to Disturnell's map, which was, at that
time, almost the only map known of that country,
or at any rate the only one known to me as apply-
ing to that country particularly. The treaty desig-
nated that the line should be run according to
Disturnell's map. The map was adopted, as is
alleged, as a partof the treatyThe lineuponthe
Rio Grande, and. the initial point from which they
