1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
■ware to start, to arrive at the head-waters of the
river Gila, were, according to the construction of
the treaty, to be regulated and governed by Dis-
turnell's map. Now, I understand that, when this
Commissioner arrived at the Rio Grande, he found,
in the course of his topographical and astronomical
surveys, that the Rio Grande, by Disturnell's
map, was placed three degrees east of where it
really was.
Mr. RUSK. Is there a word said in the treaty
about degrees ?
Mr. CLARKE. Nothing is said about them
in the treaty. But here comes the difficulty. The
treaty refers to Disturnell's map. That map is
shown to have been a mere matter of compilation,
without any investigation of the territory itself;
probably manufactured, or made, perhaps, in the
city of New York—at-any rate, in this country.
It was a compilation from other maps. When
the commissioner, with his scientific corps, went
there, in order to ascertain where was the initial
point upon the Rio Grande from which the line
should commence, he found that by Disturnell's
map the Rio Grande was in such a longitude; and,
on taking the longitude of the Rio Grande, he
found that it was three degrees west of where it
was placed upon Disturnell's map. There is the
difficulty in this case. The commissioner sup-
posed that he was bound to go by the true latitude
and longitude. If he was bound to take the de-
grees of latitude and longitude according to Dis-
turnell's map, he must have gone three degrees
east from the Rio Grande; and, then, of course he
would have departed from the treaty, because by
it he was obliged to start from the Rio Grande.
He has been governed, if I understand the matter
aright, by his own observations and the observa-
tions of the scientific corps with him—by the
actual longitude, where the Rio Grande was found.
On ascertaining the longitude and the latitude, he
agreed with the Mexican commissioner to estab-
lish a certain point as the initial point of the line.
The question is, whether Disturnell's map, erro-
neous as it is, shall be considered as governing,
ruling, and controlling the treaty, or whether the
treaty shall be executed according to the intention
of the parties; and that is, that they were to start
from a certain degree of latitude and longitude.
At this moment I am not prepared to go into all
the points of the question as I shall be prepared to
do at a future day. I say now most emphatically,
not only to my honorable friend from Texas, for
whom I have a very high estimation, but to other
honorable gentlemen who have given indications
of a desire to discuss this question, that at a prop-
er moment I shall be ready to defend the position
that has been taken by this commissioner. From
the moment of his embarkation upon this expedi-
tion, he has not only met with more difficulties
than any individual before employed upon such
a service by any Government in the world, but
he has been pursued with more malice, even to
the latest extremity, than was ever known to fol-
low an individual of no more consequence than
himself. But upon this question I only ask that
whatever may be the amendments proposed by
my honorable friend from Texas, it shall be so
worded as not to involve the Senate in. the declara-
tion of a principle that shall commit it to standing
by the latitude and longitude that is marked upon
Disturnell's map, in contradiction, violation, and
opposition to the actual astronomical surveys
which have determined that latitudeand longitude.
Now, let the right be established. If the inten-
tion of the United States, when they made that
treaty with Mexico, was that they were to start
from the Rio Grande as it was marked on the
map no matter whether it was right or wrong,
and from thence go to the head waters of the Gila,
and thence follow the Gila to the junction of the
Colorado, and thence to the Pacific three degrees
below San Diego, let that be done. ButifDistur-
nell, who made that map—the correctness of which
was unknown to the commissioner who negotiated
the treaty with Mexico, as well as to the Mex-
icans themselves—committed a mistake, and
placed El Paso some thirty or forty miles below
where it actually was, and placed the Rio Grande
three degrees east of where it actually was, let not
that error, into which all the parties fell at the
time of making that treaty, be insisted upon by
the Senate as operating against that justice and
fairness which has hitherto governed the United
i in all thsir relations with other nations.
I simply ask that nothing shall be done in this
proviso to commit the Senate and the House of
Representatives to the declaration or maintenance
of a principle which, in justice and fairness, should
never be maintained by a Congress governed by
the principles of propriety and liberality towards
a neighboring nation. If the commissioner has
erred, let him be condemned. If he has exhibited
a want of knowledge, let that fact be shown, and
let him be recalled from his duty. But, if he has
acted properly; if he has made the proper use of
the scientific corps that was given him by the Gov-
ernment, in establishing the initial point, let not
any proviso we are to adopt be made to con-
demn him in advance, before he, or his friends,
have had an opportunity to put before the country
his defense. As to this proviso, I care nothing
about it beyond this, that I wish it so worded as
not to condemn the commissioner in advance.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to makean effort to pre-
vent, if possible, a long and unnecessary debate
upon this subject. I want (if I may be allowed to
use the term) to " keep the peace " of this defi-
ciency bill, if it be possible to do so. 1 am afraid
that weare about to embark in a discussion, not only
in relation to the propriety of the initial point of
the boundary line, as fixed, but also in relation to
the propriety of the conduct of the present bound-
ary commissioner. I hope that may be avoided, i
I hope that we may get rid of all such debate. It is
not necessary now. If I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, it is designed
merely to exclude a conclusion. It does not com-
mit the Senate, either to the propriety or impro-
priety of the initial point, as fixed. I confess it
does not seem to me to be very useful. I do not
see much necessity for such an amendment. But,
inasmuch as it does no harm, and would gratify
the Senator from Texas, I am disposed to vote for
it. I think, however, that it concludes no ques-
tion. It merely excludes a conclusion; and, out
of abundant caution, the Senator from Texas, rep-
resenting, as he does, the State of Texas, desires
that we should not be concluded as to the proper
point for fixing the initial line. 1 see no reason
why we should notgratify the Senator; and I hope
we shall be saved from a debate in relation to the
propriety of the conduct of the boundary commis-
sioner, or of the accuracy of the survey.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My object m trying to
<ret, the door was precisely that which has animat-
ed the gentleman who has just taken his seat. I
do hope that the honorable Senator from Texas
will not go into this matter, either one way or the
other, f hope we shall get clear of all unnecessary
debate.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I drew up the
amendment expressly for the purpose of not rais-
ing any question on the treaty,oras totheconduct
of the commissioner. It was my object to reflect on
nobody; not that I am not prepared to maintain
certain points when the proper time arrives. I
know that this is a deficiency bill, and that if we
pass this appropriation as it is, without such a pro-
viso, it might be afterwards said, and the oppor-
tunity would be seized by Mexico, to say to us,
that "You, by this appropriation bill, agreed to
the initial pointsanctioned by your commissioner—-
an initial point different from the one named in
the treaty." It is simply to avoid that conclusion
that I offered this amendment. I am prepared
with documents to go into the question of the con-
duct of the commissioner; but unless I am pro-
voked, I will not now do so. I am prepared to
do justice to everybody, but first of all, I wish to
do justice to my own country, in a matter of this
kind. All that I ask—all thatl want, is the exact
line agreed to by the treaty, and that I mean to
insist upon as long as I can.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am very happy to hear
the declaration of the Senator from Texas. I
think the amendment, as it has been prepared by
him, contains no reflection on the commissioner.
I think his conduct is not involved in it; and I
hope his friends will not be disposed to make
points for the purpose of drawing from the gen-
tleman from Texas an argumentative speech,
which perhaps might lead to days of discussion.
I hope, therefore, that the question may be taken
immediately on the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to know how
much better off we shall be when we adopt the
amendment. If we do not pass the amendment,
will there be any different conclusion left? I do
not see any necessity for adopting the amend-
ment.
Mr. BADGER. I confess that I am in the same
happy state of ignorance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It can do no harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am directed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. It is to insert the following:
For payment to the assignee of the contractors for the •
removal of the Choctaw Indians from the States of Ala-
bama and Mississippi, a balance of a claim on account of
said removal, included in the estimate of the Indian Bureau,
and an appropriation for the payment of which passed the
Senate at the last session of Congress—$37,422.
The PRESIDENT. The impression of the
Chair is, that this amendment provides for a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. BELL. The amendment is founded upon
an estimate sent from a Department.
The PRESIDENT. Private claims are ex-
pressly excluded, whether they are estimated for
or not.
Mr. BELL. I offer this amendment under the
direction of Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDENT. That does not alter the
case. Private claims are expressly excluded,
whether estimated for or not, or whether reported
! by a committee or not.
Mr. BELL. I ask for the reading of the rule.
The 30th rule was accordingly read, as follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appropiiations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some actor resolution previously parsed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for a
private claim, although the same may have been previously
sanctioned by the Senate."
Mr. BELL. I think the President is mistaken
in the construction which he gives to the rule. I
hardly think this is, strictly speaking, a private
claim. This is a claim for an Indian removal. It
is founded upon an act of Congress. The removal
of these Indians was expressly provided for by
an act of Congress; a contract was made for their
removal in pursuance of that act; and now, an
estimate has been sent by the proper Department,
for the payment of the expenditures incurred in
, consequence of it. I do not wish to take an appeal
i from the decision of the Chair, but I submit to the
j consideration of the President, whether it is not
i! going too far to exclude such a claim as this on the
I j ground that it is a private,claim.
|| Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
i me that this is a private claim, strictly speaking.
'| The fact that it is estimated for by a Department
j| does not prove that it is a public claim. I uncler-
j stand that the Indian department has received in-
jj structions that, whenever the o/ficers think there
are just claims arising out of Indian transactions,
to estimate for them. That is the instruction, I
believe, under which the Indian department now
acts. It is their belief, that if, in the opinion of
the officers, there are any of these claims which
should be paid, it is their duty to estimate for
them. The fact, therefore, that this claim has
been estimated for, does not prove that it is not a
private claim. What is it? It is to compensate
a contractor, or two contractors, for consequential
damages which they claim to have incurred on
account of the mode in which the Government
paid these Indians. I believe that is the nature of
the claim, and it seems to me that it is a private
one.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will again read
that portion of the rule relating to this subject.
The Chair has certainly no desire to exclude this
amendment from every consideratijfc from his
local position, as well as from the interests of those
concerned. On the contrary, if he were to con-
sult his own wishes, he would receive the amend-
ment; but, as long as he presides, he will endeavor
to enforce the rules. The 30th rule provides,
that—
" No amendment shall be received whose object is to
provide for a private claim, although tile same may have
been previously s-anctioned by the Senate."
Mr. BELL. I think the decision of the Chair
in relation to this is anew one. I believe that this
question was submitted to the Senate at the last
session, and that an appropriation for this putpose
was then included in the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It may have been put in by
