1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
He may come within some of the other exceptions
made in the preemption laws; and he asks that
any exceptions of that kind may be dispensed
with, and that he may be permitted to make his
entry. He has what is unusual—-a statement of
a large number of his neighbors, some of the most
respectable persons, Judge Scott among the num-
ber, in the neighborhood, confirming his state-
ments, that nobody has any conflicting claim—
that he has purchased two rights and a small frac-
tion of vacant land adjoining, to all of which he
wishes his title confirmed# He cannot enter the
eight hundred acres under the preemption laws,
because they do not extend to more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres, and there may be some diffi-
culty arising from the transfer, although it is an
everyday occurrence in our State. In Louisiana
they are recognized as property, and sold at pri-
vate sale for what they are worth; and it may
very well happen that though the original parties
holding the right of preemption were not disquali-
fied to make the entry, yet the person who bought
in good faith, because he had more land, was pre-
vented from making the entry.
Mr. FELCH. I observe by the reading of the
bill a second time, that this land is situated within
the Grreensburg district of Louisiana. That is
one of the districts in which there has been here-
tofore very great difficulty in regard to the survey
of lands; and if I am not mistaken in my recol-
lection of the matter, there was an investigation I
made some two or three sessions ago, and the j
whole region of land in that district was with-
drawn from sale; so that no person can enter land (
within that district under any circumstances, with
or without preemption rights. I may not be en-
tirely accurate in this respect, but I think I am.
If that is so, the provisions of this bill would seem
to be designed to enable the entry to he made in a
region where entries cannot be made, with or with-
out a preemption right; but if the land is open for
sale in that district, then I do not see, from any-
thing which has been presented here,thedifficulty
of this McManus now going without any pre-
emption , and making a purchase of the land. He
can purchase it if it is open to purchase. If it is
not open to purchase, we ought to understand a
little better the circumstances connected with the
case than we do now before we pass this bill. I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed until Friday next.
Mr. DOWNS. It is unnecessary to postpone
the bill, because the matter can be just as well un-
derstood now as at any other time. There can
certainly be no such difficulty as is suggested by
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
in regard to defective surveys. It is true that there
have been many defective surveys of the lands in
that district, and there has been great trouble aris-
ing out of that. Perhaps that is the reason that
this person lias not been able to enter these lands
before. It may be that the survey of that neigh-
borhood has not been completed, and he has not
been able to enter his lands; but the bill itself pre-
vents all difficulties of that kind, because it pro-
• vides that he shall have a right to make this entry
only after a duly-authenticated survey shall have
been made of this township and returned. There-
fore he cannot enter the lands until the surv eys are
made. I would mention here that I understand
most of the errors m these surveys have been cor-
rected, so that the surveys are now pretty correct.
I believe it is true that at one time sales were
stopped, and a great deal of money refunded; but
even if the lands are open to purchase, the party
is not entitled to the benefit of preemption right
for more than one hundred and _sixty acres, and
this land is more than that.
He would not ask for a preemption, if he could
enter the lands. If lie could do that he would not
agk—he would not need the interposition of Con-
gress. The object is to enter the land before it is
offered at pubiic sale. This man has bought at
probate sale, in the ordinary course of business,
two purchases; he has gone on them, and culti-
vated them, and if we decide now, that lie cannot
have a preemption under such circumstances, we
decide contrary to the spirit of the laws oi the
State in which he resides. By some of the decis-
ions of the supreme court of Louisiana these in-
choate rights have been recognized. It is a very
frequent thing there for these rights to be sold
at probate sale. If you refuse to pass this bill
now, his house, his land which he has cultivated,
may be taken from him, and occupied by some-
body else.
It seems to me he presents a fair and reasonable
case. Our policy lias been, that persons who go
on the public lands, in good faith, for the purpose
of cultivating them, should have preemption rights.
I do not think I have seen a stronger case than
this. There can be no doubt as to the facts, that
there is no conflicting claim. Accompanying Mr.
McManus's memorial, is a certificate from his ,
neighbors, signed by Judge Scott among others, ]
sustaining what he asserts in his memorial, and j
they state that they know no reason why he
should not acquire a title by being allowed to en-
ter his tracts by way of preemption. These are
the facts of the case, and I do not think there is
any necessity for postponing it.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Louisiana a single question ? Is there
any plat or survey of the land where this claim is
situated? Is it ascertained at the Department,
whether there is any other claim that can come in
conflict with this ? I do not understand that there
is any plat of this land deposited in the General
Land Office.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not know of any conflict;
I do not know of any information before the com-
mittee on that subject. But I think there is no
conflict, because if there was a conflict, it would
be likely to be known to his neighbors, and there
was a statement accompanying the petition from
a number of his neighbors, stating that they knew
of no conflict and of no objection to his request.
Mr. WALKER. For one, my opinion is that
this bill ought to be further considered. If I un-
derstand it, it is nothing more nor less than this:
The land can now be entered at private entry, and
this is a proposition to extend the right of pre-
emption to one individual beyond one hundred and
sixty acres, up to the amount of eight hundred
acres. If the land cannot be entered at private
entry, then this is a proposition to take this indi-
vidual case out of the operation of the law as it
now exists, and to give him the right of entering
his land when no other person in the neighborhood
has the same right.
Mr. DOWNS. If any other person in the
neighborhood purchased from the original settler
having a legal title, he would have the same right.
It is because no other person is in the same situ-
ation, that he asks this privilege.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would make a suggestion
to the Senator from Louisiana. After reading the
report I am perfectly satisfied of jie justness of
the claim; but I am also exceedingly anxious to
ascertain precisely what the claim is. There is
nothing in the papers in the case to show whether
or not eight hundred acres is the claim. Hence,
if-we give him a right to enter eight hundred acres
i^Kiy interfere with the rights of others.
Sir. DOWNS. There is a provision in the bill,
that this shall not interfere with the rights of
others.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the motion to postpone
until next Friday will be agreed to, in order that
we may inquire at the General Land Office, and
ascertain precisely what the claim is, what are its |
limits, what are its bounds, and whether any ;
other claim can interfere with it. When that shall
have been satisfactorily ascertained, 1 suppose
there will be no objection to the bill. Certainly I j
shall have none. j
The motion to postpone was agreed to. j
COL. D. D. MITCHELL. !
The bill for the relief of Lieut. Col. Mitchell,
of the State of Missouii, was read a second time,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it us in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be authowed to pay off and
satisfy the judgment obtained in the name of Man-
uel X. Harmony, against Lieut. Col. David D.
Mitchell, in the circuit court for St. Louis county,
in the State of Missouri, m the year 1851.
The report of the Committee on Military Affairs
was read. The facts of the case appear to be
these; David D. Mitchell was Lieutenant Colonel
of the refiment of Missouri volunteers command-
ed by Cul. A. M. Doniphan, which regiment was
ordered to march on New Mexico. On the march
to Chihuahua, Lieut. Col. Mitchell received from
his superior officer, Col. Doniphan, an order which
he executed by issuing an order from the camp
| below El Paso, on the 10th of February, 1847,
directing Harmony & Co., with their teams and
men, to fall in the rear, and all persons in their
employ to be enrolled in the army. This order
was observed until the army arrived at Ghihuahua.
For thus executing the orders of the commanding
officer, Lieut. Col. D. D.Mitchell, after the termi-
nation of the war, being in the city of New York
in the year 1849, an action of law was commenced
against him in the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York, for
said seizure. He employed counsel to defend the
suit. They were aided by the district attorney of
the United States for that district, under tha in-
structions of the Government. A judgment was
rendered against Mr. Mitchell for about §95,000.
The Attorney General of the United States inves-
tigated the case, with the intention of taking it up
to the Supreme Court, but finding no ground to
justify the proceeding, it was abandoned. Co!.
Mitchell being a citizen of the State of Missouri,
and having no property in the State of New York,
a copy of the record was sent to Missouri, and a
suit was instituted on the judgment obtained in
New York. This suit was defended by the dis-
trict attorney of the United States, under the in-
structions of the Attorney General, and also by
able counsel employed by Col. Mitchell. The
result was a judgment against him for upwards cf
$102,000, under which his property is liable to
sale and he to pecuniary ruin, for having honestly
and faithfully obeyed his superior officer, in time
of war, in the country of a hostile nation. Under
these circumstances, the committee were unani-
mously of opinion that the Government of the
United States was bound to relieve Lieut. Coh
Mitchell from said judgment.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Jane Irwin;
A joint resolution to authorize the continuance
of the work upon the two wings of the Capitol;
A bill to confirm the claim of John Irvin to a
certain tract of land on the Bastrop Claim;
A bill for the relief of M. K. Warrington, and
C. St. John Chubb, executors of Captain Lewis
Warrington;
A bill for the relief of Frances P. GaTOner; and
A bill for the relief William A. Richmond.
The resolution to establish certain mail-routes
was read a third time and passed.
CLAIM FOR THE OCCUPATION OF KEY WEST.
The bill for the relief of John W. Simonton was
read a second time avid considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy, audit and settle the
claims of John W. Simonton and others, owners
of the Island of Key W est, in the State of Florida,
on principles of justice and equity, on account of
its occupancy by the Government of the United
States as a naval and military post during the
years 1833, '24, '25, and '2G; that in settling it
upon these principles they shall ascertain, as nearly
as practicable, the benefits and advantages which
accrued to the United States from the occupancy
of the Island, and also the injuries which resulted
to the owners, and to pay the same out of any
money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr" HALE. I am not going to say a word
against the bill, hut I want to inquire whether,
under that phraseology of paying money " on
principles of justice and equity, " the Department
will or will not pay interest? I understand that,
under the same phraseology in other bills, a very
large sum of money for interest has been paid; anil
as the Senate, by a vote the other day, indicated
that they would not pay interest on a chum clearly
due, I want to know whether they will pay in-
terest m this case'
Mr. MALLORY. All of the fuels involved in
the bill are set forth in the report. I ask that the
report may be read, as Senators may not be famil-
iar with the facts; and then I shall answer the Sena-
tor's question.
The report was accordingly read.
Mr. H ALE. I hope the Senator from Florida
will consent to the postponement of this bill. As
it stands now, in its present shape, I feel bound to
i vote against it. I would like to have an oppor-
