2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
civil and. diplomatic appropriation bill than I have
• shown. He-indicated that he would not call it up
this morning,, and hence it was that I urged the
motion which I have made. I have already said
that I did not intend to interfere with the .regular
orders. All I wanted was to get a vote that might
indicate what the Senate would do with the- sub-
ject of the printing.
Allow me to remark, that I hope I have as much
appreciation of Senatorial dignity as other gentle-
men, and ,1 think that I .understand the duties of
a member of this body as well as any one. I
want some indication of whether the Senate in-
tend to act upon this question at all; for if they
^ do not intend to act on the bill which has come
from the House to provide for the execution of
the public printing, I am perfectly willing to lay it
aside, and let those who put it aside assume the
responsibility of doing so.
Mr. TSUTLER. I did not intend to direct my
cannon against the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia at all. I merely stated that I did not care
to- have such debates and proceedings as I have
seen for some time past in this-body, printed and
distributed among the people. In that connection
I said that they were not good specimens of Sen-
atorial dignity. I djdnot question the right of the
Senator to move to take up this bill; but I said
that bills of this character have precedence over
everything else. All the wants of the country are
postponed for political measures.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend that the bill in
regard to the public printing, which I propose to
take up, shall interfere with the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill during the morning hour
to-morrow. I want it brought up now for the
purpose of seeing whether we are to act upon it
or not.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, at an early
day of the present session—I believe during the
first month, perhaps during the first week—I had
the honor to introduce a joint resolution to provide
for the printing of the returns of the Seventh Cen-
sus. I considered it was important that that work
should be done. The resolution was referred to
the Committee on Printing. It was reported back
by that committee, and was discussed for some
time, and it now lies upon the table, I believe. I
have felt, throughout the session, that it was im-
portant that the question of the public printing
should be disposed of. It is one iu which we all
feel more or less interest.
Disguise it as we may, the public printing is an
important matter. It is important, so far as re-
gards the dissemination of information among the
people; and important to that class of persons who
expect to perform the work. They have been
kept m constant suspense here for months. The
public business has been retarded on account of
the condition in which our public documents are.
I do not know that the question can be settled at
this session. I admit that I have my doubts about
it; but I think it is important that we should decide
whether we are to pass ariy law upon that subject.
I apprehend that the motion made by my friend
from California, will be weakened somewhat by
the consideration suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, if it is intended to consider this bill to-
day.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
tor from Indiana^ that, with the assurance of the
Senator from California that he will not interpose
the bill to-morrow, in the morning hour, in the
way of the civil and diplomatic bill, I have no
objection to taking it up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to suggest, if the
Senator from Virginia had not changed his posi-
tion, that we should move to make the printing
bill the special order for some day next week; but
I will not make that motion, if the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia is disposed to give to it the
residue of this day. I hope we may take up the
bill; and that the vote upon taking it up may be
regarded as a test vote.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from California to propose to devote the whole
day to this bill. 1 understood that he only wanted
the residue of the morning hour appropriated to it.
I shall not consent to devote the rest of the day to
this bill; for that would give it precedence over the
civil and diplomatic bill, and prevent the friends
of the river and harbor bill going on with that bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will ask the honorable
Senator from California to change his motion so
as to move to take up this bill and make it the
special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Say eleven o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very well. I believe that will
bring up the question' fairly, and will test really
the sense of the Senate upon the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 shall vote to take up this
bitl, after the civil and diplomatic bill is disposed
of; but I cannot consent to give this bill prece-
dence oyer that. I think that I should not be dis-
charging my duty to the country to do so. I will
vote for taking up the bill, with the understanding
that it shall consume only the residue of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. BRIGHT.- I withdraw the proposition
which 1 made;, and then I suppose the question
will be on taking up the bill now.
The PRESIDENT. That is the question.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the position
in which the Senator from California has placed
this question, imposes it upon me as a duty to my-
self, to say a word or two. 1 am sorry that he
has given the measure such a complexion before
the Senate, and before the country. He has sug-
gested that the yote upon taking up this bill, is to
be considered as a test vote upon a political question;
which, if it means anything, means that those who
vote against the proposition are to be read out of
the party to which the Senator and myself belong
—that it is to draw a line, and mark the political
character of all the Senators on this floor.
Mr. GWIN. I never intended anything of the
sort. I said that those gentlemen of the Demo-
cratic party, whose sense of duty induced them to
act early on this bill, would vote for taking it up;
and that those who felt bound to oppose it, would
do it on their own responsibility, as every Senator
does here. I said no such thing as reading any
one out of the party. It is a mere matter of con-
science between those who discharge their duties
here. I will say this, however, that if this bill is
not acted upon now, it may be considered as lost;
because, it not only has to be passed by this body,
but it has to go tothePresident of the United States
for his signature, and after that the House and
Senate have to elect a-public printer. We have
only from now to the end of the session to ac-
complish all that. Is that time enough, if we are
going to make this a practical measure? That is
the only point. I bring no man's political con-
sistency into question.
Mr. BORLAND. I am glad that such is the
meaning of the Senator. But, I apprehend, his
remarks, as made, would, before the country,
have the bearingwhich I have attributed to them.
He said that it was not an ordinary question, but
an important political question, which he sub-
mitted to the Senate; and he said that he wished
it decided by a test vote. What could that mean ?
If the Senator says that the meaning which I at-
tributed to it, is not his meaning, I take his expla-
nation. But, I ask, what would have been the
meaning of that before the public, if unexplained ?
Why, it was to mark the political position of Sen-
ators on this floor.
Sir, in regard to the question of the public print-
ing, this is not the first time that I have been at-
tempted to be read out of the Democratic party on
account of it. 1 do not mean to attribute to the
Senator from California any such meaning. But
I have been read out, or attempted to be read out,
of the party several times in my life, because I
could not square my actions exactly to the pecu-
liar notions of other gentlemen, belonging to the
same party with myself. But, having my politics
in my own keeping, and being conscious of the
sincerity and the rectitude of the motives which
actuated me, I have never had any fear of being
" read out " of the party. I have maintained my
political consistency, I apprehend,as well as most
men; certainly I have, to the satisfaction of my
own conscience.
But, sir, I cannot conceive how this is to be
considered a political question. I look upon it as
a business question, as one affecting the practical
business of this body. And I say, what I have
said from the beginning, that if it ever was a ques-
tion pressing urgently upon the attention of the
Senate, the time for that urgency has passed
months ago. The practical value of the measure,
so far as the business of this body, or the busi-
ness of the country is concerned, has passed long
ago, and the little aid we should get from it within
the next week, which is to close this session, is
so small, that I must confess I am unable to ap-
preciate it.
Mr. BADGER. So little has been said on this
subject, and so much time is left before the hour
for the special order arrives, that 1 would like to
detain the Senate for a moment. I.am very sorry
to see this difficulty and warmth which has sprung
up among the members of the Democratic party,
as to the bill proposed to be taken up. I did not
know, until the honorable Senator from California
announced it this morning, that this was a" Dem-
ocratic measure. That really raises some little
suspicion in my mind, that I have been influenced
by some mistake in regard to the subject. I wish,
nevertheless, to say that I shall vote with the
Senator from Arkansas against taking up this
bill. But perhaps it would be more proper, as
this seems to be regarded as a question between
my Democratic friends, for me to say nothing at
all about it. Perhaps—because it is a family mat-
ter among the Democracy—I ought not to inter-
fere, and should not vote on the question. But if
I vote at all, I shall vote against taking up the bill
now. I have heretofore gone upon the supposition
that this was a matter which concerned the gen-
eral interests of the country, and was not a Dem-
ocratic measure. I am in favor of the principle of
the bill which the Senator from California pro-
poses to take up; and I do not know that I am at
all dissatisfied withany of its details. I am against
the " lowest bidder" system of contracting for the
public printing. I am entirely in favor of restor-
ing us to something like respectability in conduct-
ing that branch of the public service. I mention
this, in order that my vote upon this question may
not be misunderstood. I beg to say to the honor-
able gentleman' from Arkansas, as he and I will
vote on the same side, that he need not feel the
least uneasiness about his Democracy bemg called
in question by that vote. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the motion of Mr. GwiNto take up the bill,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Cass, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Hunter, James,
Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory, Mason, Meriwether, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Toucey, and Walker—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Brooke, But-
ler. Charlton, Chase, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Geyer, Haie,
Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pearee, Pratt, Sew-
ard, Smith, SoultS, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Up-
ham, and Wade—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHARLTON subsequently rose and said:
Mr. President, I labored under a misapprehension
entirely when I gave my vote upon the motion of
the Senator from California. 1 voted against his
proposition under a misapprehension of the ques-
tion. I therefore move to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate refused to take up the bill in re-
gard to the public printing.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish only to say that I
voted to take up the bill with the express under-
standing that it should belaid aside at one o'clock.
One o'clock has now arrived, and I shall not
therefore vote for the motion to reconsider.
Mr, DAVIS. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The PRESIDENT. Perhaps the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts is not aware that the original mo-
tion was to take up a bill; that was refused by a
vote of the Seriate; the Senator from Georgia,
who voted with the majority, moves to reconsider
that vote; that brings up the question whether the
bill shall be taken up or not. If the motion is
laid on the table, of course it defeats the object of
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BADGER. That, I presume, istheobject
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HALE. 1 rise to a question of order; and
it is this: that the vote upon a motion refusing to
take up a bill is one which in its nature cannot be
reconsidered, because the time at which it was
proposed to be taken up has passed. A motion
to take up a bill is like a motion to adjourn. A
motion to adjourn is to adjourn at the time the mo-
tion is made. Thatmotion cannot be reconsidered.
But the rejection of that motion does not prevent
its being renewed. Now, I take it that a motion
to proceed to the consideration of a bill is of the
same nature.
Mr. DAVIS. Tt seems to me that the Senator
from New Hampshire has made a good point. A
simple motion to take up a bill, if rejected, cannot
