494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
tutiity of looking into the case. I hope it will be
postponed.
Mr. MALLORY. I certainly did not expect to
hear the slightest word of opposition to this bill.
If there ever was a case presented to Congress de-
serving attention, it is this. This is a clear case
of the taking of private property for public use,
without making any compensation therefor, but,
on the contrary, compensation has been withheld
for over twenty years. The case has been twice
before Congress, and favorable reports, almost
identically the same in words, were made on both
occasions. The occupation of the Island of Key
West, the declaration of martial law, the using
of private property for public purposes, was the
means of accomplishing important ends which the
Government had in vj.ew at that time, viz: the
suppression of piracy in the Gulf of Mexico. The
Government fully accomplished its ends, while, at
the same time, the objects of the owners of the
property were entirely destroyed, and all the ben-
efits resulting from the purchase were delayed for
years and years; and now they come and ask that
they may be remunerated for their property thus
taken. 'They demand no interest. 1 answer that
question directly. They probably will receive
none. They never expected any. And this bill
will fail to give them what they were actually out
of pocket twenty years ago. The bill does not con-
template interest. It simply contemplates that the
Department shall give them dollar for dollar what
they were out of pocket at that time, and-no more.
The owners of the property who were delayed for
years and years in its enjoyment, have accumula-
ted testimony. They have had great trouble in
getting the testimony of officers of the Navy on
foreign stations, and in finding the persons who
were on the Island at the time. They have now,
after the lapse of years, been able to complete the
testimony. It is very clear there can be no doubt
about the case. The facts are set forth in detail
in the report which has been read. I trust there
will be no opposition to it.
The bill does not, as I understand, justify the
Department in paying interest. It certainly calls
for none. On principles of justice and equity the
loss of the property of these parties by the occu-
pation of the Island, the stock that was killed, the
interference with the sale of the property at the
time, ought to be taken into consideration; but I
do not thfRk that interest will be allowed.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to have to oppose this
bill now, and perhaps I should not oppose it if it
were laid over for a week. But after the history
of the legislation of this Congress for the last few
years, I never will go for sending a claim for con-
sequential damages which is so great that the com-
mittee refrain from expressing an opinion, to one
of the Executive officers with directions to settle
it on principles of justice and equity.
That iw my objection to this bill. If I am not
mistaken, these very instructions to settle upon
principlesofjusticeand equity were given in the bill
for the settlement of the famous Galphin claim, on
which #80,000 or #90,000 interest was allowed.
There is a precedent. If I am not mistaken, the
phraseology of the two bills is exactly the same.
Now, if these gentlemen owning this real estate
have been injured, no matter how great may be
the amount, I am for paying what they have suf-
fered, if it is a million of dollars. But I am un-
willing to turn away from Congress claimants who
come here with claims for consequential, remote,
unliquidated damages, and turning the matter over
to the Department to settle their claims " upon
principles of justice and equity," without giving
the accounting officers some directions, some qual-
ifications, some limitations upon which they are to
settle them. It is this loose way of (loins; business
to which I .object. I hope the Senator will consent
to let this bill lie over for a week. Then we may
possibly be able to understand it better.
After a few words of conversation on this sug-
gestion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 6, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THURSTON,byunanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions from the Legislature of
Rhode Island in favor of the retention of the act
abolishing flogging in the Navy; and also for
abolishing the spirit ration in all naval ships and
navy-yards; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia,
leave was granted to withdraw from the files of
the House the memorial of James Pitman, for the
purpose of having the claim prosecuted before the
proper Department.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. McNAIR, from the committee on the ex-
tension of the Capitol, asked leave to report a res-
olution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that is a report
from a committee, it may take up the entire day
with its discussion. I object to it, and move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view of
taking up the bill for the assignability of land
warrants.
Mr. McNAIR. It will not take up five minutes.
I ask that it may be read for information.
It was read by the Clerk as follows:
Resolved, That the committee appointed to examine into
the firmness and stability, &.c., of the foundations for the
extension of the Capitol, be authorized to send for per-
sons and papeis, and to examine witnesses under oath.
Mr. McNAIR. I ask that the resolution may
be put on its passage; and upon that question I ask
the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I have not withdrawn my objec-
tion to the introduction of the resolution. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HENN. I hope the House will resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar. That Calendar is now getting full, and
it is very necessary that some of the bills should
be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. There being a special order
before the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, a motion that the House resolve itself
into that committee will take precedence of a mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES. At the suggestion of several gen-
tlemen around me, I will withdraw my objection
to the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. McNAIR. I now'move to put the resolu-
tion upon its passage; and upon that motion I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questioiflbrdered to be put upon the passage
of the resolution.
Mr. PENNIMAN demanded the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
j ASSIGNABILITY OP LAND WARRANTS.
| Mr. HALL moved that the rules be suspended,
j and that the House resolve itself into Committee
J of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. If that motion pre-
i vail, what will be the order of business?
i The SPEAKER.. The bill for the assigna-
| bihty of land warrants will first come before the
committee, that being the special order.
Mr. STANTON. Can we not go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar? I
thought this was private bill day.
The SPEAKER. It will bo in order for the
gentleman to make that motion;but the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order, will take prece-
dence.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into committee; and on a division there were—
ayes 82, noes IS—no quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
Fowler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 98, noes not counted.
So the motion prevailed.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, upon the special orders, (Mr. Olds in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the special order, being Senate bill
No. 146, making land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes. When the committee rose on
yesterday, there were pending, first, the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to
strike out all of the bill after the first section; sec-
ond, the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Dunham] to strike out the second section,
and insert as a substitute the second section of the
bill reported by the select committee; third, the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sackett] to strike out all after the word
"seven,'' in the sixth line of the second section,
and insert "on each land warrant of forty acres,
fifty cents; for each l^gd warrant of eighty acres,
$1; and for each land warrant of one hundred and
sixty acres, $2;" and fourth, theamendmentof the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Allison] to
reduce one half the compensation proposed by%the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett.] The
first amendment pending is that of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. SACKETT. I merely wish to say that
the amendment proposed by me reduces already
the compensation one half, and is so guarded as
to make the percentage equal on all classes of
warrants.
The CHAIRMAN. No further discussion Is
in order. The question is on the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Allison]
to the amendment.
Several Members. Read the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment provides
for reducing the compensation of registers and
receivers one half.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,]
to strike out all after the word "seven" in the
sixth line, and to insert " on each land warrant
of forty acrcs, fifty cents; for each land warrant
of eighty acres, $1; and for each land warrant of
one hundred and sixty acres, $2."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham,] to strike out and insert, (as reported yester-
day;) and being put, the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. J ones,] to
strike out all of the bill after the first section as
amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Mr. CARTTER. Before that question is taken
I wish to offer an amendment. The fourth section
of the bill was read as follows:
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That in all cases where
the imhtia or volunteers, or Btate hoops of any Stnte or
Territory, were callod into military service, and whose ser-
vices have been paid by the United States, subsequent to
the 18tli June, 181:2, the officers and soldiers of such mihna,
volunteeis or troops, shall be entitled to all the benefits of
the act entitled "An act gianting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
seivice of the United States," approved September 28,
1850, and shall receive lands for their services according to
the provisions of said act, upon proof of length of service as
therein required; and that the last proviso of the ninth sec-
tion of the act of the Ilth of February, 1847, be, and the*
same is hereby repealed: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall authorize bounty land to those who have
heretofore received or become entitled to the same.
I propose to insert after the word (t fifty in the
eleventh line of the fourth section, as follows:
And such other persons as may have performed volun-
tary militaiy service in defending their homes on the fron-
tier of the Republic against Indian invasion.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
j stand the gentleman to offer an amendment to the
1 fourth section.
Mr. CARTTER. Yes, sir, I do.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is the fourth section now
under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
all the remaining sections are under consideration
in consequence of the motion made to strike out
all those sections.
Mr. STEPHENS. How, then, will it be if a
motion is hereafter made to amend the third sec-
tion? Can we go back to it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the motion to strike out all after the first section
brings up the consideration of all the remaining
sections, and 
Mr. CARTTER. With the permission of the
Chair, I will suggest to the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] that the motion to strike out
