1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
the Senate. I do not remember it; but I think no
such appropriation was reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. BELL. My recollection is, that the pro-
vision was inserted on a motion made under the
direction of the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
Senator from Missouri can set me right, if I am
mistaken. I think he will bear me out, that the
claim of William B. Hart, assignee of the con-
tractors to remove the Choctaw Indians, was in-
cluded in the Indian appropriation of last year.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think it was.
Mr. CLARKE. It was included in that bill.
Mr. BELL. That is my understanding of the
matter. I think the decision of the Chair on this
question is certainly a new one. This claim has
been presented, and has been pending for some
years before Congress.
Mr. RUSK. This amendment has been recom-
mended by a committee, and hence comes within
the provisions of the rule.
Mr. BADGER. The rule expressly excludes
private claims, although they may be reported by
a committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of stating to the Senator from Tennessee,
that I can supply him with the information about
which a moment ago he appeared to be at some
loss. The claim of Mr. Hart was recommended
by the Committee on Indian Affairs at the last
session of Congress, and was ingrafted upon the
feneral Indian appropriation bill as an amendment
y the Senate, but was lost by a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. This js the position in
which if received the sanction of the Senate at the
last session of Congress. It was an amendment
adopted on the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BELL. I dislike to press any question of
this description,but certainly! am correct, accord-
ing to the statement of the honorable Senators who
have spoken, in saying that this is a new position
in reference to this claim; for the Senate has here-
tofore considered it, not as a private churn which
was excluded, but such a one as could come in
under the standing rules of the Senate, as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps the question was
not raised at the last session.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to assist my friend
from Virginia in endeavoring to " keep the peace"
of this bill. Do not let us take up the whole day
in discussing (he Question whether the amendment
be or be not in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no recol-
lection of what took place with regard to an amend-
ment of this character at the last session, or
whether the question was then raised. The sim-
ple question now to be decided is, whether this is
a private drum or not.
Mr. SEWARD. I am at a loss to conceive
how this amendment differs m principle nt all fi om
the amendment we have just adopted, directing
the sum of $3,000 per annum to be paid to a lieuten-
ant of the Navy for superintending the Nautili
Almanac. To be sure, in one noint of view, this
seems to bo a private claim, but m another view it
is an appropriation of money to pay for services
actually performed, and is precisely in the same
category with the case to which I have referred.
I do not think that the rule was intended to em-
brace a caee of this kind, where a service was con-
tracted for by law, and where a Department seeks
to obtain the money for the purpose of pav'ng it.
The rule was never intended, in my opinion, to
apply to such a case.
Mr. ADAMS. It occurs to my mind that this
amendment is precisely in the same condition, ami
in the same^lass, with the Collins line appropri-
ations. We yesterday agreed to make an addi-
tional appropriation to that, line for transporting
the mail. Here it is proposed to appropriate for
expenses incurred in the removal of J whins. That
was an appropriation made to individuals for com-
plying with a contract made with the Govern-
ment. This iss an appropriation to pay a con-
tractor. If this amendment is out of order, then
a large portion of the appropriations which are
usually offered as amendments to such bills are
out of order, and I shall insist in future upon the
point of orde \
The PRESIDENT. Theamendment in regard
to the Collins line of steamers stood in a very dif-
ferent position from this. According to the rule,
estimates are required to be furnished. In that
case the Senate decided that the estimate presented
with regard to that line was sufficient to justify
the amendment under the rule. The rule extends
further, and provides that when a committee
directs the offering of an amendment, it is to be
received, although there is no estimate. But there
is an express exclusion by the rule of all private
claims, "whether there is an estimate sent for them
from the head of a Department or not, or whether
they have been reported by a committee or not.
The rule expressly and positively excludes all
private claims. The simple question now is, is
this a private claim? The Chair was under the
impression that it was a private claim, and that it
would, therefore, be excluded under the rule.
Now, if the Senate, from hearing the nature of the
claim, and understanding what it is, are prepared
to say that it is not a private claim, and that this
is a proper amendment to be offered, inasmuch as
it comes from a standing committee, the Chair, in
order that his opinion in regard to its being a
private claim may not prejudice it, will submit
the question to the Senate, whether they consider
that this is a private claim. If they do so con-
sider it, then it will be excluded under the rule as
an amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I thought
the other day, when I raised the question with re-
gard to the amendment for the Collins line, and
insisted that it was not in order under the rule,
that the action of the Senate had settled the ques-
tion; at least it did to my mind, that this bill was
an omnibus, to which anything might be offered
as an amendment; especially did L think so when
I saw that we entertained an amendment making
an appropriation for sufferers by Creek depreda-
tions. Tins amendment, it seems to me, is to
provide for a similar class of cases. It is true,
this money is to be paid to a single individual,
but he is the assignee of a number of individuals.
But whether the money is to be paid to one indi-
vidual, or to many individuals, the character of
the claim is precisely the same. It is to pay for
certain expenses incurred by the Government in
connection with the removal of these Indians. If
we could put into this bill an appropriation paying
forty or a hundred individuals £>350,000, it seems
to me that when an amendment is offered for pay-
ing an assignee of a number of individuals nearly
§40,000, it must come precisely within the same
rule, and be admitted upon the same ground.
Mr. BELL, i will not argue this question,
but f wish to say that this appropriation stands
precisely, in regard to its admission under the
rule, on the footing of the amendment which I
offered the other day under the instructions of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to provide payment
for depredations committed by the Creek Indians.
I cannot discriminate between the nature of the
two claims as to whether one be a public, and the
other a private one. For myself, 1 cannot see any
difference in the nature of them. I will not de-
bate this matter. 1 simply rise to say that I act
under the directions of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, lu all these cases in which I have pre-
sented amendments under the orders of the com-
mittee, I have not the slightest feeling connected
with them. There is no person whom I wish to
benefit by this amendment. It is not particulaily
in my charge in any form or manner, except as I
am directed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to offer it. When that committee come to a con-
clusion in which I concur, I generally earnestly
a;tempt to carry out their directions. That is all
the interest that I have in this matter.
I think we cannot well discriminate between
the nature of this claim and the one which was
received the other day in regard to the Creek In-
dians; but if it be the pleasure of the Senate to
lay down a rule in tins particular case winch shall
be the governing principle for their conduct here-
after in reference to all analogous cases—if we here
bee clearly that there is a necessity for laying
down puch a rule, although i should regret that ir
was thought proper to apply it just at the moment
when this claim was presented, after having been
pending here so long, and having received favor-
able consideration so often, yet, if there be any
great object to be answered by excluding this, and
fixing the rule at this point of time, I shall have
no objection, but shall submit with great cheerful-
ness to whatever the Senate shall decide.
Mr. BADGER. I do not mean t© say any-
thing upon the question before the Senate. I
merely rise to give notice that to-morrow I shall
lay on the table of the Senate a resolution to re-
scind so much of the rule as excludes the offering
of amendments providing for private claims to ap-
propriation bills. I shall do it, not from any par-
ticular objection to that provision as it stands, but
because it will be tolerably manifest, before we
have been long acting under the rule, that we shall
take up as much time in discussing what is to be
a private claim as would be necessary to investi-
gate its merits, and either adopt or reject it. To
obviate that, I give notice that I shall to-morrow
submit a resolution rescinding that portion of the
rule.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit to
the Senate the question, whether this is a private
claim. The Senator from Tennessee offers an
amendment, to make provision for paying an as-
j signee under a contract for removing the Choctaw
Indians from Mississippi and Alabama. Under
the rule, no private claim can be offerred to an
! appropriation bill, as an amendment; and it is
! simply for the Senate to decide whether this is a
| private claim which is excluded from being offered
as an amendment under the rule. As it is a very
difficult and delicate matter to distinguish in all
cases whether a claim is a public or a private one,
I the Chair, wishing the Senate to decide the matter
for themselves, will leave it to them to say whether
it is a private claim which is excluded by the rule,
Mr. CHASE. I would ask whether this amend-
ment may not be considered by unanimous con-
sent, notwithstanding the rule ?
Mr. BADGER. It certainly cannot.
Mr. CHASE. I believe this is a very merito-
rious claim, but still my conviction is very clear,
with the Chair, that it is a private claim. At the
same time, it seems to me, we might, by unani-
mous consent, consider it, notwithstanding the
rule.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot conceive how this
claim can be viewed in any other light than as a
private claim. I believe it is set up by certain
contractors who engaged to remove the Choctaw
Indians. They stipulated with the Government
to convey those Indians to their new homes in the
West, at a certain price per head. It seems that
there weie difficulties in the way of their emigra-
tion. The Indians refused to go, because they
were not furnished with a certain amount of scrip
which they wanted, before they started, to pay
their debts. They did not, therefore, go when
they were expected to go, and the contractors lost
money in consequence of their refusing to go at
that time. I think that is the foundation of one
part of the claim. The Government did not con-
tract to pay these persons the money which they
now ask. We appropriated for them the money
which the Government contracted to pay. But
they say that the Government failed to do some-
thing else, which was necessary to enable them to
carry out their contract without loss*, and there-
fore they ask to be indemnified. Then again the
contractors were failed upon by the Indians to
furnish them with certain articles necessary for
their comfortable removal, which were not included
in the contract, but were beyond it. We were in-
formed that the Indians would not have gone, if
they had not been furnished with those articles.
The contractors furnished them, relying on the
justice and liberality of the Government to reim-
burse them. All this constitutes an equitable
claim (if if is anything at all) to reimbursement
from the Government; but, ifit does not constitute
a private claim, it peems that to me there are no
i such things as private claims. Hence I would
| have felt bound to sustain the decision of the Chair
! against the reception of the amendment: but as
] theChair has submitted the question to the Senate,
\ I feel bound to declare by my vote that this is a
; private claim.
i Mr. MASON. I do not entertain a doubt but
that this is a private claim; and yet I feel myself
constrained to vote to admit it as an amendment
to this bill, i do so because I undeistand that the
Senate, by a formal vote a few days ago, declared
that claims of this character, although they were
private claims, do not come within the rule which
iwg been read. When another amendment was
offered by the Senator from Tennessee, to pay to
certain individuals claims which they had against
the Government for alleged Indian depredations,
the same objection was made, but it was overruled
