4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6.
Mr. STEPHENS. Were those soldiers the gen-
tleman speaks of mustered into the service of the
United States, and actually paid ?
Mr. HALL. No. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes that that clause which requires
they shall have been mustered into the United
States service and paid, be stricken out.
Mr. STEPHENS. He barely moves to strike
out that which restricts it to the war of 1812.
That is all.
Mr. HALL. It may be that I misunderstand
it. Let the amendment be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as reported
above,
Mr. MARSHALL. I will modify myamend-
ment, to strike out the words "and whose services
have bfcen paid by the United States subsequent
to the 18th of June, 1812," so as to make it read:
J2nd be it further enacted, <$c., That in all cases where
the milita or volunteers or State troops of any State or
Territory were called into military service, &c.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, I propose 
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion upon the
amendment is not in order, as the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, being accepted by
the gentleman from Kentucky, becomes part of his
amendment, and tlpcfh that amendment the discus-
sion is ended.
Mr. EVANS. I propose an amendment to the
amendment, by striking out the words " and
whose services have been paid by the United
States."
I only want to say, sir, that it strikes me as a
very funny affair to require that a man shall not
have bounty land unless he has charged the Gov-
ernment heretofore—unless he has received pay
as a soldier. We have a large number of people
in my State who never asked the Government for
a dollar of pay. A large number of the people,
at a time of danger, turned out willingly. A new
rule is laid down now, that a man is not to get
anything unless he has heietofore got all he cau
^et from the Government for his services. That
is the doctrine, and there is no sense or justice in
it. A man who serve'! his country without com-
pensation, is more entitled to bounty land than
those who came forward for pay. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] to strike out the words, "and whose
services have been paid by the United States sub-
sequent t# the 18th of June, 1812," ought cer-
tainly to be passed. Perhaps it would be as well
to insert before that " military service of the Uni-
ted States," so as not to include the soldiers of
Missouri, who were engaged in the Iowa war. £
do not see why evidence should be required of a
soldier, in order to justify the granting of bounty
land, Ouit he has served the United States and has
been actually paid, lie must have receiver! pay,
incrordm^ to this, before he can get any bounty
hind, fie must already have had his hand in the
Treasury before he can get a tract of land in the
•western country upon which to locate himself m
his old age. That is the doctrine of this bill. If '
he has given gratuitous services to his country,
if he has turned out in the hour of need and dan-
ger, when he was prosperous and affluent, and
chose to demand no compensation now, that
should not preclude him when he may be in want
from receiving under this bill. I see no sort of
reason for the words remaining in the section, and
move that they be stricken out; and I hope the
committee will put in the third line the words
"military seiviee of the United States," so as to
exclude the gallant Mormon soldiers of Mis-
souri.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Marshall,
Mr. G-OODENOW demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messis. Chandler and Harris
of^Temiessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes G4, noes 69.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to insert in the
thirteenth line of the fourth section, after the word
"require," the following:
And that the piov^iows of the fifth section of the act of
July 9th, granting tluee months extra pay to the
soldiers and officers of the Mexican war, b« extended so as
to include the North Carolina recruits taken into service by
Lieutenant James W. Tatham, and discharged at Fort
Moultrie after nearly twelve months service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a point of
order. That amendment, as I understand it, is
upon the subject of three months' extra pay, upon
a different subject, and cannot be incorporated in
this bill, I believe.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This I understand to be a
bill giving bounty lands to soldiers, and no one
will doubt but what we might substitute scrip or
money, as was formerly done. The object is to
give bounty to the soldier, whether it be three
months' extra pay, or in the shape of lands. I
take it the amendment is perfectly germane to the
bill.
Mr. JONES), of Tennessee. The point of order
is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the amendment is in order.
Mr. JONES. From that decision, I take an
appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order made by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The Chair supposes that, as regards
the subject of bounty, it will be in order to make
it either in money or land. Prom that decision
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] takes
an appeal. The question, then is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Lockhart and Wil-
liams were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 66.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. EVANS. I propose to offer the following
amendment to the 4th section:
And be it fait her enacted, That the provisions of the act
of September dsltb, 1830, aie hereby extended to all inau-
neis, mannes, tiotilia men and seamen, who have hereto-
fore served with the land forces, in cases where the said
persons weie not entitled to prize money.
Aiid be it farther enacted, That a bounty of one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land h hereby granted to all persons
who weie in any actual engagement or conflict with the
enemy, whether the said persons# served less or more than
one month, provided that said persons shall not receive
more than one bounty laud wariant for his services in any
one wai.
Mr. E. I do not propose to occupy much of the
time of the committee. The Department recom-
mends both of these provisions. The first embraces
those men who belonged to the marine service,
and acted witlrthe land forces on shore, and who
are not entitleu to any prize money. We have a
precedent for this: sailors in the Mexican "war,
whether they served upon land or not, received
bounty land. I do not now ask the same thing
should be extended to those who served in the war
of 1812; but I ask that those who go on shore,
enlist and serve with the land troops, as our sail-
ors did in 1812, and in the Florida war, and
where, by no possibility, could they gain any
prize money, should receive their bounty lancf.
This would benefit General Barney's men, who
were among a few who fought at Bladensburg,
and yet who are the only persons in that battle
excluded from bounty. I think this would be just;
and the number of persons to be benefited is not
large. The next class for whom I ask bounty
land is composed of those persons who have been
in actual battles with the enemy, whether they
served a month or not. Now, it must strike
every man's sense of justice and notions of pro-
priety, that a man who has been in battll is as
well entitled to his bounty land as if he had served
five years m the army of the United States, and
had never been engaged in battle. By the law as
it now stands, those who have been in battle, and
have served less than one month, are excluded
from the bounty.
There is a large class of such persons in my
own State, and m many of the Eastern States.
Admiral Cockburn lay with several thousand men
in Chesapeake bay for a long time, and you could
never tell where he would attempt to land. He
made predatory incursions, burnt towns, and
committed many acts of violence. Our people had
to turn out as minute men. Thousands of them
never received a dollar from the United States for
their services. And yet they were engaged in
several warm engagements. Both of these pro-
visions come recommended by the Department of
the Interior—both are palpably just in themselves, !
including, as they do, a meritorious class of per-
sons.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think the
committee had better vote down all amendments,
having for their object the extension of the bounty
land law, as it now exists, and take a direct vote
upon the proposition made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to strike out all after the
first section. If a majority of the committee are
in favor of that motion, then we will get a vote
upon the main question in this bill, that is, to make
bounty lands assignalj^. We can send that bill
to the Senate, and the next bill in order, which is
the special order of the House, will then come up.
If there is a majority of the House in favor of
extending the bounty land act, as I am myself,
then we can do it in that bill. Let me appeal to
gentlemen to disencumber the provision making
land warrants assignable, of all these amendments;
come to a direct vote upon the bill, send it back
to the Senate, and then we can take up the bill,
which extends the bounty land act.
Mr. CHASTAIN. The Senate have rejected it.
Mr. STEPHENS. The Senate have not reject-
ed it. My colleague is mistaken.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Will they hold on to it?
Mr. STEPHENS. They keep that bill in terro-
rem over us, and it is announced by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] thatinno event would
they pass it, unless we pay those registers and
receivers. As to this question, 1 am willing to
take issue with the gentleman. So far as 1 am
concerned, I am determined that I will never give
these receivers the compensation they claim in order
to pass our bill making land warrants assignable.
Mr. STUART. I should like to learn from the
message, which was sent here from the Senate,
whether it is the fact that this is a new bill. I be-
lieve that it is the same bill which passed this House
with amendments.
[Cries of "No !" "No !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment to the amendment?
Mr STUART. Oh, no. I merely want to
learn that fact.
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WILCOX. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by striking therefrom the words
" next of kin."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is not now in order to amend the second section of
the bill, as the committee has passed to the con-
sideration of the fourth section.
Mr. WILCOX then submitted a pro forma
amendment to the fourth section, and said: I wish
merely to submit one reflection for the consider-
ation of the House. It seems to me, from the very
great conflict of opinion entertained here by gen-
tlemen who desire to advance the interests and
claims of the registers and receivers, that this bill
will fail to pass. Now, I am one of those who are
in favor of doing the greatest good to the greatest
number, and at the same I desire to do injustice to
no man. The reflection which I wish to submit
to the House is this: upon the one hand there are
some one hundred receivers to be benefited by this
bill; and upon the other hand there are some one
hundred and fifty thousand soldiers, or persons
who are the heirs of soldiers, interested in the pas-
sage of this bill. Now, I want to know if those
one hundred and fifty thousand individuals who
have performed services for their country, are to
suffer, in order that the interests of one hundred
receivers may be advanced?
i Permit me to say that 1 have not received a mail
| from my State since my arrival in this city, that
! has not contained letters calling upon me to use
every effort in my power to procure the passage
l of a bill making these land warrants assignable,
| and by virtue of my position on the Committee on
Military Affairs, I have received letters of the same
purport from various parts of the United States.
I concur most fully in the sensible position taken
. by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jon-es] in
: regard to this bill. I do hope that the House will
j agree to strike out all save the first section of the
:i bill, as it must be evident to every one that it is
j ; impossible to pass the bill in its present shape,
j I am in favor of compensating these receivers,
i! " The laborer is worthy of his hire," is a trite old
maxim; but at the same time 1 would leave that
: subject for special legislation, and now pass the
first section of this bill.
