2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20.
Mr. MASON. I asked for the reading of the
amendment to see.whetnerornot I would object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. It was sub-
mitted without objection, and then the gentleman
from Kentucky called for its reading.
The SPEAKER; It was by the unanimous
consent of the House that the'demand for the
previous question was withdrawn, the mover not
being pjesent, and at the moment the Chair forgot
that there was pending a motion to recommit,
which excludes, except by unanimous consent,
the amendment.
Mr. HALL. Is not the amendment in order,
and before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order; and the
gentleman will recollect that the amendment can-
not be in order so long as there is pending a mo-
tion to commit, unless by unanimous consent that
motion be withdrawn.
Mr. HALL. ■ I made the motion to commit the
bill, and if it be in order, I now withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. BOWIE. I give notice that at the proper
time I shall move that the rules be suspended for
the introduction of the resolution I send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read for information.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object to the
reading.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the several standing committees of this
House have leave to report on the matters referred to them,
by filing their reports, with the accompanying bills, (if any,)
with the Clerk of the House; and that said, reports and lulls
be printed and referred, and, as may be, recommended by
said committees, in the same manner as if made in the
House, upon the call of the committees by the Speaker.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex-
amined bills of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 176. An act for the relief of Daniel
Murphy; and
H. R. No. 257. An act to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to settle and adjust the expenses of
the people of Oregon, in defending themselves
from the attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse
Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848," approved
February 14, 1851;
And found the same truly enrolled. The Speak-
er signed the said bills.
Mr. HALL. I only wish to say a word or
two before moving the previous question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are a good tyiany
gentlemen who desire the amendment to this bill
which I have proposed. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] to yield me the floor to pro-
pose the amendment. The gentleman can then
make his objections to the amendment.
Mr. HALL. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now offer the amend-
ment which has been reported already in regard
to the tax sales.
Mr. HALL. I move to strike out all after the
sale or forfeiture of land for taxes, in the amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. You strike out
then, the whole amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment, strictly
speaking, is not in order. It would be tantamount
to striking out the enacting clause.
_ Mr. -HALL. I do not wish to debate the ques-
tion, but to call the attention of the House to the
effect of that amendment. The bill permits the
soldiers who enlisted in the war of 1812, and who
received for their services land that was utterly
worthless, to relinquish those lands and receive
other lands of equal quantity in lieu thereof, which
are now subject to private entry. Theamendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
proposes, after these lands have been sold and
forfeited for taxes, that the soldier shall receive
no other land. What is the effect of it? "Where
the land is utterly worthless, nobody would think
of paying taxes upon it; and land in swamps, that
is frequently covered with water, would not be
worth the taxes. An individual would not think
of paying taxes upon land which had been for-
feited to the State. The question for this House
to decide is this: whether the soldier who served
five years during the war of 1812 shall get bounty
land, while we are, under recent laws, giving
bounty land to those who have served thirty days.
I hold that the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] if adopted, defeats
the law entirely; for, I repeat, that where land is
utterly worthless, taxes will not be paid upon it
Mr. CAMPBELL. This bill provides for land
being sold, and .not for land being forfeited.
Mr. ORR. It was stated, when this bill was
under discussion before, that it was an exact copy
of a bill passed some years ago confined exclu-
sively to the State of Arkansas. It was further
stated that the construction given to the subject.by
the General Land Office was precisely theconstruc-
tion which this amendment proposes to provide
for in the bill now before the House.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman is partly right
and partly wrong. So far as I am concerned, I
did state that the bill was a precise copy of a law
passed a few years ago in regard to the military
land warrants in the State of Arkansas. Upon
that question the gentleman is right. He is
wrong, however, in supposing that I said that the
construction of the Department was the same as
is contemplated by that amendment. On the con-
trary, I expressly stated 
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] made that statement.
Mr. HALL. Then the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] was wrong, or at least it was
not the understanding of the Committee on Public
Lands. When this amendment was before the
Committee on Public Lands, the question was
made whether we ought not to make an exception
in regard to the lands sold for taxes. The answer
of the committee was this: that the land was
utterly worthless, and the individual would not
pay taxes upon it at all, and to put in a provision
to pay the taxes would be equivalent almost to
denying all relief under the law.- As to what the
Department decided, I do not know, but if they
have made such a construction as that, I think it
is clearly wrong.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to correct the
impression under which the gentleman seems to
be laboring. The law in regard to the State of
Arkansas requires the soldier, before he can locate
other lands, to surrender to the Government the
title of that which has been patented to him.
The Department has given this construction to
that; and if he does not still hold the title, it can-
not be conveyed to the Government; and besides
that, he must prove to the Department, by certifi-
cate of the auditor of the State, that the land has
never been sold for taxes. That is the decision of
the Department; and I so stated it to the House
upon another occasion, and presented the printed
instructions of the Land Office upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. MASON. I will briefly state the reasons
why I am opposed to the gentleman's amendment.
I know of but one solitary case where the land of
an individual has been forfeited, and that is one
of my constituents. The land was located in a
swamp in the State of Arkansas. He received his
patent for it, ascertained that it was in a swamp,
and paid no attention to it. The land was neither
sold for taxes nor forfeited. There are soldiers
who are placed in the same situation, who swear,
in their declarations, that they have never received
any land from the Government. This man is so
conscientious that he will not swear to this effect;
although he got no benefit from it, yet he received
a patent for it. He is a meritorious citizen and
soldier, and was wounded in the war of 1812.
Mr. CARTTER. Did he get a pension?
Mr. MASON. He got no pension. He was
wounded m the fleshy part of the thigh, but asked
no pension, although he is justly and as much
entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of land as
any man who served in the war. This amendment
will exclude him, and therefore I object to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I opposed this
bill in the first place, because it did not contain
this provision; and I shall oppose it again if this
provision, as contained in the amendment, shall be
excluded. Now, I disagree with the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] and I am unable to
see the distinction which he seems to make, or the
reason for it. If this land was worthless, as he
says, it never could be sold for taxes, because no
person would buy it. This amendment, as I un-
derstand, does not provide for land which has
been forfeited to the State, but land which has
been sold for taxes. If that should be the con-
struction of it, I would ask how would the other
provisions of the law be complied with in the ab-
sence of the principle contained in this amend-
ment? If the individual is to reinvest the United
States with the title which he receives from it be-
fore he can receive the benefits of this law, how
can he reinvest that title where the property has
been sold for taxes? or if the title has parted from
him, either by operation of the law or his own
free act, look at the consequences. Take the case
of the military tract in the State of Illinois.
Ejectments are brought in every court there grow-
ing out of tax titles which have accrued in the
very same way m which they would continue to
accrue if this provision is not inserted into this
bill. They have permitted their lands to be sold
for taxes. W here the settlers have got upon those
patent lands, the speculators go and purchase'the
patents from them, bringing their suits against the
o.wners of the tax titles, who, unless they have
complied with every provision of the law, are
ousted by the action of ejectment. If this law
is permitted to pass, all they have to do is to
bring up some kind of evidence that the land was
not fit for cultivation; and then, instead of the
Government giving one hundred and sixty acres
to these soldiers, it gives three hundred and twenty
acres to the owner of the patent, who, is the spec-
ulator. I ask if you are to give three hundred
and twenty acres of land to men who, by their
own acts, have neglected to pay the taxes upon
this land, or are you to give them one hundred
and sixty acres when they have received land that
is worthless? I am willing that they shall have it;
but when the title has gone into other hands and
is held by the owners of tax titles, I will never
record my vote that the Government shall give
three hundred and twenty acres instead of one
hundred and sixty.
Mr. STUART. It will be a little difficult to
present this case more unfairly than it has been
presented by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Campbell.] It requires but two minutes' consid-
eration to show the fallacy of that argument.
This bill provides that the soldier must prove sat-
isfactorily to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that the land is unfit for cultivation.
Mr. ORR. What time does that refer to—at
the time he goes into possession, or at the present
time ?
Mr. STUART. Always.
Mr. ORR.. At the present time?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. Now, it is said that
the land is unfit for cultivation, and that no one
will buy it for taxes. Look at that argument.
The bill does not provide for any other case except
where proof is made that the land is unfit for cul-
tivation. That must be proved, and proved con-
clusively, before any benefit can be derived to the
soldier under this law. Within my own personal
knowledge, thousands of acres of land have been
bought and sold for taxes which are totally worth-
less. Men attend the tax sales, and buy the land
at auction withouthavingever seen it, and they do
it for the purposes of speculation. Here are one
hundred and sixty acres of land sold for two dol-
lars. They say that they will give "two dollars for
one hundred and sixty acres of land, and run their
chances. Theideathat people inspect land put up
for taxes before they purchase it, is not true in
point of fact. They buy it as in the bush, with-
out looking at it. How does this matter stand ?
.Here you take a soldier who has served in the war
of 1812, and you propose to give him a bounty of
one hundred and'sixty acres of land. It turns out
that the land he receives is good for nothing. A
bill is now introduced compelling him to prove
that fact; and not only that, but also to prove that
he has not parted with the title; not that alone
either, but to reconvey the title to theGovernment
of the United States; and having done these three
things, then you allow him to take land worth
$ 1 25 to an equal amount. After having kept him
since 1812 without anything, you now propose to
give him what he ought to have had in 1812 or
1816—whenever the law was passed—and it is ob-
jected if his land has been sold for taxes, although
utterly valueless, h e shall not have what is proposed
to be given. Now, I say that no construction,
such as intimated by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Ork,] can prevail. This land must
be shown to be valueless and unfit for cultivation
at the time application is made; and if the bill be
amended in that way I have no objection to it. I
apprehend that nobody would dream of placing
any other construction upon it. It would never
do for a man to show that the land was unfit for
