THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS~ SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 23, 1852.
New Skkies.„.N«. 143.
cultivation in 1816 or 1818, but is good now.. That
is no argument at all.
Mr. ALLISON, (interrupting). * There is an-
other class of soldiers'that I think ought to^be pro-
vided for, if it is the intention to provide for.those
who have permitted their lands to be sold for taxes.
There are no doubt a large class who have paid
taxes upon land of inferior quality, and have-con-
tinued to pay taxes from the time they received
the patents up to this time, and probably have
paid more in the shape of taxes than the land is
worth. What would you do in such a case ? If
it is intended by this bill to place them upon an
equality, then I think you must do something for
such cases as I have alluded to. You cannot equal-
ize by a bill of this kind. There are cases of in-
dividual hardship, and if we intend to equalize, I
think that there should be an amendment offered
to this bill by which persons who have received
patents for larids that are of comparatively little
value, shall be permitted to surrender their patents,
and have the privilege of relocating their warrants.
This is'the only way that we can place them upon
an equality, and do justice to the soldiers.
Mr. CHASTAIN. If I understand the pro-
visions of this bill, Mr. Speaker, it provides that
all warrants that have been issued, even if they
have passed out of the hands of the individual to
whom they were surrendered, and are now in the
hands of speculators, shall havethe benefit of this
act.
Mr. HALL. No, sir; this bill proposes to con-
fine the benefits of the act to the soldiers them-
Mr. CHASTAIN. For the purpose of setting
jnyself right, I desire to have the original bill
read.
My recollection ofitis,and I know it was urged
on a former occasion, that speculators will be bene-
fited exclusively. So far as my knowledge ex-
tends in the region of country in which I reside, I
know that all the lands have passed out of the
hands of the old soldiers into the hands of specu-
lators.
Mr. HALL. Then they will get nothing.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I desire that the bill may
be read for the purpose of satisfying myself upon
that subject; and I wish to say further, that if the
speculators are inhibited by this bill, from re-
ceiving the benefits of it, I will go for the bill. 1
think it right that the soldier should enjoy the
benefits of this act, and get a lot of land, but I am
unwilling to give it to speculators.
The Clerk here read the bill.
Mr. HALL. My object was merely to call the
attention of the House to the provisions of this
bill. I do not think it necessary to discuss it in
order that gentlemen may understand it; and their
attention being called to it, is all I desire to accom-
plish.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. This bill provides
that soldiers shall have new lands in case their
lands were unfit for cultivation; but the lands may
be valuable, although unfit for fcultivation. For
instance, it may be covered with timber or contain
minerals.
Mr. HALL. The answer to that is this: If
the land, in consequence of containing minerals, is
more valuable than land for cultivation, its owner
will not surrender it up, but keep it. I move the
previous question.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers on the sec-
ond; which were ordered; and Messrs. Lock-
hart and Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 74; noes not counted.
"So the previous question received a second; and
the main question was then ordered to be put.
The question now beiag upon agreeing to the
amendment to insert after the word " individual,"
the following, " or sold for taxes,"
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
Chandler were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—30 in the affirmative; and a further count
143
not being demanded, the amendment was.declared
to be rejected.
Mr. JENKINS moved to lay the bill .upon the
table, and upon that motion demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Molony, were appointed.
The question was then put, and tellers reported'
—ayes 47.
Mr. JENKINS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUELL asked for tellers on the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton,
of Tennessee, and Howard were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers re-
ported—21 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HALL demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Molony and Penniman were
appointed.
The question was then put, and tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 58.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, having been engrossed, was read
a third time.
The question recurring, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HALL moved the previous question.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers on the second,
which were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin and ;
Fowler were appointed. i
The House was then divided upon the demand j
for the previous question, and tellers reported— I
ayes 62,'noes 65. I
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in oider to move to
refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not make that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Has themorn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not expired ?
Mr. STUART. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. Upon that motion I call the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. A motion is made Xo recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
which is in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Do I understand the Speak-
er to say that my motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole is not in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the
reason that the committee was discharged from its
consideration.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I make that motion.
Mr; HALL. Upon that I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 62, nays 94; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Beale, Bibighaus,
Bownc, John H. Boyd, Bragg, George I£. Brown, Bueil,
Burrows, Busby, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler,
Chapman, Chastain, Dean, Dockery, Duncan, Eastman,
Floyd, Fowlei, Gentry, Goodenow, Hammond, Haws,Ha-
ven, Hebard, Horsford, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ives, Jenkins, Daniel T.
Jones, Preston King, Martin, McLanahan, Mine*, John
Moore, Morehead, Murray, "Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Ferkins,
Reed, Robie, Ross, Schoonmaker, Scurry, Thad. Stevens,
Sutherland, Benjamin Thompson, Tuck, Wallace, Walsh, ;
Welch, Wells, Wilcox, and Wiidrick—62. i
NAYS—Messrs. William Appleton, Ashe, Averett, I
Thomas II. Bayly, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Brenton, j
Briggs, Albert G. Brown,E. Oarrington Cabell, Joseph Ca- .
ble, Caldwell, Ca&kie, Churchwell, Claik, Cobb, Colcock, .
Conger, George T. Davis, John (*. Davis, Dawson, Dim-
nnck, Dunham, Edgerton, Edmundson, Evans, Faulknei,
Fitch, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, GiJ-
more, Green, Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Herm, Iiolladay,
Houston, Ingersoll, Jackson, A. Johnson, J. Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, George G. King, ICuhns,
Landry, Lockhart, Mason, MeCoiklo, McMullin, Miller,
Molony, Hemy D Moore, Murphy, Olds*, Andrew, barker,
Samuel W. Parker. Penn, Ptielps, Potter. Powell, Price,
Robbins, Scurtdcr, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abiaham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stro-
ther, Stuart, Svveetsef, Taj lor, Thurston, Townshend,
Vt-nahlc, Ward, Watkins, Addisot) White, Alexander
White, and Yates—94.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Halt., and Stanton
of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question being put, there were—ayes 63,
noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOUSTON.- Is it m order for me to
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the .Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not at this moment. In
other wotds, the Chair thinks that the motion to
go to the business oil the Speaker's table takes
precedence, inasmuch as it would carry the House
to the considerntioitfof the private bills upon the
Speaker's table. This being private bill day, the
Chair thinks it proper to state the effect of the
vole now to be taken.
The question was then taken on Mr. Epger-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to—ayes 82;
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the question.to be upon
the passage of Senate bill No. 185, for the relief
of the Raleigh ond Gaston Railroad Company.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order to move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope the gentleman will
wait for a moment, until we dispose of those bills
which have been reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, now lying on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many bills are there?
Mr. FOWLER. There are four.
The SPEAKER. There are seventeen bills.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, at the instance of parties ad-
vised upon the merits of Senate bill No. J 52, for
the lehef of John F. Calhm, administrator of
Daniel Renner, deceased, to restore that bill to its
original order on the Calendar, that we may have
an opportunity of deliberately investigating its
merits. I do this at the instance of those who
assure me they have investigated the merits of
the whole subject, and thatinjustice has been done
by laying it upon the table.
Mr. DUNCAN. Will the gentleman state the
purport of the bill ? '
Mr. COBB. It is a bill that was laid on the
table late on Monday evening.
Mr. CARTTER. It is for the relief of a widow
and six orphans. I do not know what its merits
are, but I do not wish to do injustice to any one.
There being no objection, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DUNCAN. I "would ask the gentleman
from Alabama to withhold that motion until the
private bills upon the Speaker's table, which will
not lead to debate, are disposed of.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuse to go
into committee, that will be in order.
The question was put upon Mr. HousTaar's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
RALEIGH AND GASTON RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER stated the question before the
House to be upon the passage of. the Senate.bill
No. 185, being an act for the relief of the Raleigh
