498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 6,
gentleman here, to know if they are prepared to
listen with any favor to such a strain of remaik
as has been indulged in by the gentleman from Illi-
nois? As was remarked on yesterday, the gentle-
men who have advocated the various propositions
in relation to the payment of registers and receiv-
ers of the different land offices, have presented
nothing but discord from the beginning of the
session down to the present moment. There has
been noconcert of action or sentiment among them.
But, on yesterday, when the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr.BissELL] was understood to offer a threat,
that unless these measures were ingrafted upon
the bill making land warrants assignable, that it
would fail to pass the House, and when that point
was made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] I thought that would be the end of
such a course of argument. But now the gentle-
man from Illinois offers another amendment, and
on it repeats his demonstrations of yesterday.
After all the propositions for the payment of these
registers and leceivers have met with 110 favor here,
for the purpose of still further enforcing the argu-
ment, he tells this House and the country that,
after this demonstration, unless we ingraft this
proposition upon the bill, the bill will not only be
defeated, but that Cong]ess will be burdened, now
and for all time to come, with these various ap-
plications of registers and receivers for compensa-
tion. Now I beg gentlemen to reflect on this course
ofargument. Are the American Congress to be told
here," that if they will not tack upon a bill all sorts
of irrelevant propositions and those which have
not sufficient merit in them to meet the approba-
tion of a majority of this body—that unless we
do that, the men who have these propositions will
urge them to such an extent that they will become
incumbrances to the legislation of the country—
to such an extent they will break down all oppo-
sition? Sir, such appeals as these, in my judg-
ment, ought not 10 be made to this House. It
seems to me that this question has been carried to
a point of desperation upon the nart of these gen- |
tlemen. Now I call upon gentlemen who desire '
to see this bill pas*, to fall back upon the provis-
ion which seemed to meet the wishes of a major-
ity of the committee on yesterday—simply to
make land warrants assignable. Beyond thatpoint
gentlemen cannot agree upon the various proposi-
tions presented, and beyond that point 1 believe
the majority of the committee are determined not
to go. There is a disposition in Congress—both
in this and m the other end of the Capitol—to pass
a measure so meritorious as this. But I believe
any proposition, beyond that of merely making
the warrants assignable, will not meet a general
concurrence. Upon that point I take my posi-
tion, and turn my back upon all propositions to
go further. T assert my right, arid I mean to main-
rani if. I will not be driven from my position, and
I hone the committee will not be driven from its
position. If gentlemen intend still to come for-
ward with these various propositions, I tell them
to beware how they attempt to force their con-
clusions upon this committee or upon the country.
("Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bisseli.'s
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agieed to.
Air. SAVAGE. I have an amendment to offer.
I move the following, to come in at the end of the
fourth section:
That tiifj officers, non rommnMonod officers, and pri-
of the Masine engaged in the sciviee of the
United F^ates in the late u ai \\ ith IYJV\i<-o, 011 the line of
O'vrafinns between the <\tv of Veia Cm/, and the city of
Mexico, and in csim* of death, then the widow and hens at
law bo allowed the benefits 01 an act, appioved the kJbth of
Soptambei, 1F50, entitled a An act granting bounty land to
cortam offiecis and soUiu^, who have been engaged in the
mihtarj service of the United States.'*'
Mr. S. said: I offer the amendment for the pur-
pose of saying, that the bill now before us would
not effect all the good that might be accomplished,
yet it demanded our action, and would secure
much that the constituents of many gentlemen '
were pressing upon them.
Its friends propose to make the warrants assign-
able, and provide fur their location, and this puts
the matter in the same condition as when it passed
tnis House at the first session of the last Congress.
I will vote for the hill in this shape, because it
meets the necessity of the present moment, and
does not prevent a more extended legislation here-
after. I should be glad to accomplish more, but
think it best to secure what we can.
I am for the most liberal legislation in favor of
those who have done service for the country, not
only from inclination, but as a matter of policy.
The public lands are to be disposed of, and I have
my choice among donees. 1 prefer the claims of
the man who has periled himself in our service, 1
care not who he is. I am for the marine, as well
as the soldier, for well I remember when your
Capitol was to be defended, the only spot upon
the battle-field where the eye of an American could
rest without shame, was defended by seamen.
But while we struggle for things now unattainable,
we may lose that which is within our reach.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sav-
age's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I feel it my duty to offer for
the consideration of the committee,one amendment
more, which, 1 think, is very meritorious. It is
to strike out the third section, and insert the
amendment which I send to the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. We have passed the third section,
and 
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order at this time.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I propose to add to
the fourth section of the bill, the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted. That in computing the term of
service the olficess and soldiers of imhtia, volunteers, and
rangers, tor the purposes ot this act, or of the act of which
this act is explanatory, such tei in shall be computed from
the tnno they were mustered into the seivice of and paid
by the United States at the. time they were discharged there-
from: Provided,Thatthis section shall not extend to the cases
provided for by the provisos to tho first section, and by the 1
second section of the act approved the 2tfth of September, :
lt>50, entitled " An act granting bounty laud to ceitam oili- j
cers and soldiers who have been engaged m the military ,
service of the United States.'' j
Mr. D. said: I presume, from the indications •
this morning, that the motion of the gentleman j
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to strike out all ex- 1
cept the iirst section is to prevail. But I desire to j
ofler this amendment, for I have no doubt that if j
it is properly understood by the committee, and if jj
the bill is to pass at all, they will be perfectly will- j [
ing that this amendment shall go with it. It is to
provide for those troops which were engaged in
the Black Hawk war. There were many com-
panies of rangers called out for that service. They
served in the war until peace was concluded some
two or three months. They had enlisted, how-
ever, as rangers for twelvemonths. After peace
was concluded, they were occupied inactive service
upon the frontier, for the whole twelve months for
which they enlisted. The construction of the De-
partment, as put upon the act of 1850, which is,
that soldiers are only entitled to receive bounty
land for the time the war actually existed, cuts
them off with forty acres of land, whereas a proper
interpretation of the act would give them one hun-
dred and sixty . The intention of the amendment
I have offered is, to enable these men to receive one
hundred and sixty acres of land for their whole
twelve months* service which they rendered, and
which was of the most arduous and laborious char-
acter. It was not only laborious, but it was a
service for^which they were inadequately compen-
sated. Theyreceived certain monthly wages, but
out of that they had to provide provender for their
own horses, for it must be remembered that they
were all mounted troops. It took nearly the wh ole of
those wages to pay the expenses they were obliged
to pay in order to support themselves and their :
horses. They received, then, comparatively notli- j
ing for their services, and they are turned oil', under ]
the construction of the law by the Department, j
with only forty acres of land, notwithstanding they j
performed twelve months arduous services. j
While I am up, I wish to call the attention of j
the committee to a matter which passed between i
my colleague and myself on yesterday. It is the 1
letter I referred to as having been received from
the Commissioner of the Land Office. I stated
that the letter showed that the receivers of the '
land offices performed comparatively no labor m j
the location of these warrants. That letter does !
show that fact. It shows that they receive any I
money that is paid into the land offices, and it is '
their obvious duty to receive and take charge of !
all the moneys which may be made as overplus be- 1
tween the amount of land warrants and the amount ,
of ]a?id entered at the offices. As a matter of
course, they get their percentage. One duty for
them is to examine the quarterly returns once ir?
three months, and put their signaturesupon them.
Another duty is to sit upon the Board where there1
is a conflict as to preemption _ right. For in-
stance, here is a person who claims a preemption
right, and another individual desires to locate it
with a land warrant* A board is organized to
decide whether the claimant is entitled to a pre-
emption right or not. The receiver constitutes
one of that Board, and such a case does no? prob-
ably occur in one out of six thousand locations-
A man does not want to enter a section of land
with a warrant when he sees that in doing so<
there will be a controversy between him and a
preemption claimant as to the title. The letter
which I received from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, I will send to the table, that
every member may see that I was warranted in
the statement I made yesterday.
The letter is as follows:
GensralLoio Office, January 15, 1852.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry as to the duties performed
by receivers ni locating military bounty land warrants, I
have the honor to state, that the wily labor required of these
officer is the following: To rcceive she money andisrne
a receipt for the excess of land located1 beyond that called
for by the warrant: To examine the warrant located, with
the register's return thereof at the close of each month, so
as to be enabled to join the register in the certificate as to
the corioetness of the return ; and to set with hint as a por-
tion ofthe Board to exan.ine and adjudicate upon testimo-
ny submitted when the location made by the holder of a
warrant is contested by another upon the ground of its em-
bracing hit actual settlement and cultivation without his
consent.
With gi cat respect, your obedient servant,
J. JiUTTEKFIELD, Commissioner*
Hon. C. L. Dunham, House of Representatives*
Mr. BRENTON, I suppose my colleague
[Mr. Dunham] did not allude to me in his remarks^
but to my friend over the way, [Mr. Fitch,] as 1
have not called the attention of the committee to
the duties ofthe receivers of land offices. I wish
simply to state, in a very few words, that a part of
the statement professing to have come from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in refer-
ence to the duties of the receiver in locating bounty
land warrants, is correct. But it does not cover
the whole case, and I presume that had the proper
question been propounded by the gentleman, m
his search after knowledge to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, that he would have ob-
tained all the facts in the case. I understand the
gentleman to state, that the letter shows that the*
duty of the receiver, so far as he is connected with
the location of land warrants is concerned, is sim-
ply to sign his name to the monthly abstract, ail-
nothing more. Now, I undertake to say, and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office will not
dare to contradict me in reference to it, that in the
case of every land warrant located, the receiver has
to inspect it, and sign his name upon the face of it
three distinct and different times, and*if such a war-
rant is not returned here to the Commissioner, with
the three distinct signatures upon it by the receiver,
i it will be returned to be amended. He has to sign
it at the time of the application; he has to sign it
when it is received to certify that this location is
correct, and lastly, he has to sign it by certifying
at the bottom thereof that the location is according
to law. In addition to this, at the end of every
month the receiver visits the register's office, and
the warrants are taken up one at a time, and com-
pared with the monthly abstract, the Tract Book
and with the plats, in order to ascertain that the
location does not interfere with any location before
made. These are the duties of the receiver. It
is also made a part of his duty to join with the
register in certifying that the examination has
1 been made, and that the locations are made in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the law. I make
thc.se statements in regard to the duties of receivers
of land offices, knowing that the Commissioner of
the Geneva! Land Office will not controvert them.
Mr. DCJNHAM. The gentleman makes the
remark, that if I had made the proper inquiry of
the Commissioner, he would have given me a dif-
ferent answer. I have only to say that my inquiry
! was made in person of tfie Commissioner as to
I what were the duties performed by the receivers
| in the land offices. That letter which I have sent
| to the table is the answer I received,
i Mr. BRENTON. If the gentleman had called
S upon him to furnish a located land warrant he
j would have seen upon the paper itself the very
