1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
striking out all after the enactingclause, to the end
of the bill, and insert the following, viz:
That whenever any officer of either of the Territories of
the United States shall be absent therefrom, and from the
duties of his office, no salary shall be paid hiiu during the
year in which such absence shall occur, unless good cause
therefor shall be shown to the President of the U nited States,
who shall officially certify his opinion of such leave to the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury, to be filed in his
office.
Sec. 2. JInd be it farther enacted, That the proviso con-
tained in an act entitled " An act making appropriations for
the payment of the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, relating to the officers of
the Territories of the United States," be and the same is
hereby so modified, as to authorize the payment of the sal-
ary of any officer therein named, notwithstanding such
officer may have been absent from such Territory, and his
official duties, for more than sixty days: Provided, The
President of the United States shall certify officially hi*
opinion that the absence of such officer has been for good
and sufficient cause.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view to terminate debate upon this
bill. I will state, Mr. Chairman, that I shall not
propose to limit the debate upon it so soon as I
nave upon the others; but I wish the debate limit-
ed so that we may not be again engaged in the
discussion of national politics.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 have an amendment to
propose before the gentleman makes that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time.
The question was then put on the motion, and
it was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
"W hole on the state of the Union had had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the special order, being Senate bill
No. 175, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that all debate
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon Senate bill No. 175 be terminated in
one hour after the committee shall have resumed
its consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out'« one hour," and insert " three hours." This
is a bill of considerable importance. It is one in-
volving the question, whether you will pay the
territorial judges and officers when they absent
themselves from their posts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will accept that amend-
ment, for I think the matter should be debated.
The question was then put on the adoption of
the resolution as modified, and there were, on a
division—ayes 73; noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House again resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Thequestion was put, and themotion was agreed
to.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into committee, and resumed the consideration of
Senate bill No. 375, in regard to the salaries of the
territorial officers.
Mr. SIBLEY. It is not my intention, sir, to
make any long explanation of the hill now before
the committee. 1 wish to remark, however, that
during the last Congress it was found necessary,
in consequence of the continued absence of the
officers from Minnesota and Oregon Territories,
that some measure of a stringent character should
be adopted by Congress, with a view of keeping
those gentlemen at'their posts. The honorable
member from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] who is
not now in his seat, moved that clause in the ap-
propriation bill, which provides that if any officer
shall absent himself from his post, for a longer
period than sixty days at one time, he shall lose !
his whole salary for the year. I consider that
a very proper provision, although it doubtless
might operate unequally and perhaps unjustly m
particular cases. Most legislation of a general
character, is necessarily attended with injustice to
individuals, but when such a case arises, (Jon^-ress
should promptly redress any such injury. °
The bill which passed the Senate at this session,
and is now before the House, contains provisions
which do not meet with my approbation. That
hill effectually annuls all the previous legislation
on the subject. It provides that every officer who
absents himself for a period of sixty dayg, or
more, from his post during the year, shall not lose
his salary for the whole year, but merely the pro
rata compensation for the period he may be ab-
sent. That I contended against as not sufficiently
precautionary in its character. I stated to the
Committee on Territories that I did not believe it
would have the effect to keep territorial officers at
their posts. The Committee on Territories, at the
urgent solicitation of the Delegates of the Territo-
j ries, have replaced that clause in its original form.
They now provide if an officer is absent any
time—there is nothing about the restriction of
sixty days—from the field of his official duties, he
shall lose his salary for the entire year, unless he
can procure a certificate from the President that
he had good cause for his absence. 1 regard this
as absolutely necessary for the protection of the
public interests of the people of the Territories.
Gentlemen may differ, and do differ, in regard to
this particular power proposed to be placed m the
hands of the President, to grant officers of the Ter-
ritory certificates for their absence for causes satis-
factory to him. 1, myself, have no opinion to ex-
press on that subject.
The honorable Delegate from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] asked that his Territory should be made an
exception, and the President, by the amendment
which, probably, will be offered to this bill, will
have no such discretion given him in regaul to the
Territory of Oregon that he has with reference to
the other Territories. The Delegate stated it was
a matter of great importance to the people of Ore-
gon that that clause should be made imperative in
its character—that no power should be left to the
President, and the committee, at his earnest re-
quest, made it a special exception. I did not ask
that to be done. I was perfectly willing to leave
it to this House and the other branch of Congress
to say whether they were willing or not to place
this discretionary power in the hands of the Pres-
ident. My own view of the matter is, that if offi-
cers accept officein theTerritones, for which they
are well paid by the Government, they ought to
be willing to remain there, and discharge the legit-
imate duties of the office. There are a great many
gentlemen who are perfectly willing to accept
I those offices, who are capable of dischargingprop-
etiy their duties, and who will consent to remain :
there. But the Delegate from New Mexico [Mr.
Weigutman] stated that if this clause was made
imperative in its character, it would operate with
great hardship upon some of the officers of his
Territory, who were anxious to come to the States
for the purpose of taking out their families. 1
was not willing to make Minnesota a special ex-
ception, as the Delegate from Oregon has done. I
wish any law that may be passed by Congress to
be general m its operation. I hope that the fea-
tures of the bill sent us from the Senate will be
modified so as to conform to the original clause.
I am in favor of making the provision as stringent
; as j.s consistent with justice to all, and if the offi-
cer does absent himself without at least showing
good cause theiefor, he should not be paid one
; dollar of his yearly salary.
1 do not know exactly what will be the effect of
I bestowing upon the President the right to make
| exceptions for cause. I think the bill, as now
! submitted to thecommittee, in other respects, and
i perhaps in that also, is proper and just—just to
the people of the Teiritories, and just to the Gov-
ernment and its officers. If I could suppose that
the discretion contemplated to be given to the
President, in the substitute offered by the Com- j
mittee on the Territories, would be abused by
favoring those officers only who can bring political I
influence to bear upon him, I would certainly be i
very averse to granting even to the President any j
such power. But,as 1 before stated,I am willing :
to leave that question to be settled by the two J,
Houses of Congress, who can decide it better than i!
I can. I am only anxious that the provisions of !
the bill may be made sufficiently stringent to secure 1
the people I have the honor to represent here '
against the evils of a continued absence of the }u- '
dicial and other officers of theTeiritory. I have !
now stated all I desire to in regard to the character !
of this bill, and I will not now consume the time ;
of the committee by a further discussion. j
Mr. STUART. Mr. Chairman, I think that ■
the amendment of the Committee on the Territo- ;
ries, as printed and laid on our desks, requires to j
be amended so that, after the word "opinion," ;
there be inserted these words: "That the absence j
of such officer has been for good and sufficient
cause."
Mr. GIDDINGS. The amendment reported
by the committee was written in a very bad hand,
and the word "cause," in consequence, has been
printed "leave." If the word cause be substi-
tuted, it will render the proposed amendment to
the amendment unnecessary.
Mr. STUART. That will answer my purpose.
X move to strike out the word " leave," and in its
place to insert the word " cause."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will suggest that
that will not entirely secure the object desired to be
accomplished. It seems to me that with the word
" cause," substituted for "leave," all that will be
required to enable the absenting officer to receive
his salary is to get the President to officially cer-
tify, in his opinion, theie was cause, without at
all stating whether the absence was for good or bad
cause.
Mr. STUART. I think I can satisfy the gen-
tleman by reading the section. It is as follows:
" That whenever any officer of pither of the Territories
of the United States shall be absent therefrom, and fiom the
duties ol his office, no salary shall be paid him durirrg the
year in which such absence shall occur, unless good eatvse
theiefor shall ho shown to the President of the United
Slates, who shall officially certify his opinion of such cause
to the proper accounting officer of the Treasuiy, to be filed
in his oihee."
It expiessly provides that the absence shall bo
for good cuuse shown to the President, and he is
to certify his opinion that it is for good cmtse.
Mr. PHELPS here made a remark which was
inaudible at the Reporter's desk.
Mr. STUART. Now, the proviso which is
sought to be modified by this bill contaiusthe pro-
vision that for an absence of more than sixty days
by any teiritorial officer, from the Territory, and
the duties of his office, he shall forfeit his salary
for the entire year. That is the provision of law
as it now stands; but the committee propose in
this bill to modify that only so far as to allow any
such officer to satisfy the President of the United
States that he has good cause for such absence,
and upon the official certificate in writing of that
cause, and not otherwise, is the pay to be ob-
tained.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, whether the officers are
not paid quarterly, and if so, whether, after serv-
ing three quarters the officer should absent himself
the remaining one, we could recover the three
quarters' salary which had been paid ?
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman wishes to
provide against any such contingency as that, there
is no objection to the insertion of such an amend-
ment in the bill. There is no such provision of
law now. The proviso which the bill from the
Senate seeks to repeal forfeits the salary for the
year. The Committee on Territories thinks that
that forfeiture is correct, unless good and sufficient
cause can be shown therefor. Now, I apprehend
there is no difficulty on the part of the officers who
pay these salaries to see this law well executed.
I know some of the territorial officers complain
that they cannot get their pay under it, and, there-
fore, I think the law is being executed.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman certainly does
not recollect the proviso to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, which it is proposed to repeal
by the bit! now pending.
Mr. STUART. The Senate bill proposes to
repeal it, and for that the Committee on Territo-
ries propose a substitute, merely modifying the
proviso of the law as it now exists.
Mr. PHELPS. They propose a modification
for it prospective, and not retrospective.
Mr. STUART. Roth.
Mr. PHELPS. I will now state that the offi-
cers, during the time of their absence, cannot re-
ceive their pay; and if they do not remain there
for the period of three months they are entitled to
no pay, for their salaries are paid quarterly. I
wfll refer to a provision in theciviiand diplomatic
bill:
" Proi-ztfef/jThanhesalanesspecified above for any of !he
officers of any of the Territories of the United States shall
not be pafcf fn any case where any of said officers shall
absent themselves from said Territories and their official
duties for a period of time greater than sixty days."
I am, therefore, opposed to any further legisla-
tion upon the subject. I think/the provision in
the civi! and diplomatic bill is amply sufficient to
prevent them from receiving any portion ©f their
