1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
facts which I have stated, and the Commissioner
will not controvert them.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Dunham; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. 1 presume it will be in order to
move to strike out all after the third section of the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order.
Mr. CLARK. I propose, then, as an amend-
ment, to strike out all after the third section, I
wish to utter but a word or two upon this subject;
but I will state that I make this proposition in good
faith. I think it is worthy the serious and favor-
able consideration of the House. It is manifest
that there is a great variety of views arising upon
the different provisions of the bill. It is manifest
that there is a majority in favor of the first section
of the bill, which provides for making land war-
rants assignable. It is doubtful whether there is
a majority m favor of paying registers and re-
ceivers, and still more doubtful whether there is a
majority in favor of issuing a new class of land
warrants. Now, I ask gentlemen of the commit-
tee if we cannot compromise upon the three first
sections of this bill—that is, upon the sections
providing for making land warrants assignable,
for paying registers and receivers for past services
and for future services?
I have no thought myself of being generous be-
fore I am just. As between man and' man, let us
dispense justice, and let grace come afterwards.
What ic the original granting of bounty land war-
rants but a mere gratuity? It is that, and noth-
ing else. But to that I do not object. It is an-
other gratuity to make them assignable, because
you add facilities thereby to enable those to whom
you have extended the favor of the Government to
obtain still greater favors. To this, by itself, I
have no objection. But I do object, ana I think
justly, to a course of legislation which, with one
hand, grants gratuities to one class of citizens,
and at trie same time imposes corresponding bur- }
dens upon others. Have you a right to dispense j
bounty land warrants, as you have done, and in :
the very act compel your employees to perform a
larger amount of services, without any reasonable
compensation whatever? Is that just and right?
Does it commend itself to the good consciences of
gentlemen here? I cannot see upon what princi-
ple it does, nor upon what principle it appeals
either to the good judgment or the good feelings of
gentlemen. Now, if you have required a certain
class of your employees to perform a large amount
of labor, why not pay thern? It was said by the
gentleman over the way, [Mr. John W. Howe,]
yesterday, that if registers and receivers are not
satisfied with the compensation which they are re-
ceiving, let them resign. I ask, were they under
any obligation to suppose that such an argument
would be urged against them, or to conclude that
the Government would not do them justice? Why,
let me say that the various committees of tins
House are employed every day in canvassing
the claims of those who suppose that they have
claims upon the Government, and deciding as to
whether they shall not make such claimants whole,
and grant them compensation for services ren-
dered. Now, if gentlemen can tell me that these
men were under obligations to have believed that
this Government would refuse to make them com-
pensation, then there would have been force in the
remark which has been made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. John W. Howe,] and
by other gentlemen.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. GOODENOW. If I rightly understand
the proposition of the honorable member from
Iowa, it is to strike out the last two sections, the
fourth and fifth, leaving only the first three sec-
tions. To this proposition I am opposed, as it is
the only part of the bill which will enable any por-
tion of the citizens of my State to receive any ben-
efit from it. I am persuaded there exists a very
general desire throughout the country that land
warrants may be made assignable. I was inclined
to the opinion that the bill from the Senate ought
to receive the concurrence of the House, and I was
disposed to vote in favor of it, but when I observe
gentlemen from various portions of the country
proposing so many amendments, and differing so
widely as to their justice and propriety, I have
come to the conclusion that the best way is to pass
the Senate bill without amendment; if that cannot
be done, then to strike out all but this first section,
which alone seems to meet with general acceptance.
If this general scramble to obtain the lands of the
United States is to continue, and be successful, it
is no more than fair aud right that the Northern
and Eastern States shall come in for a share; and
if there is any portion of this bill which will extend
a benefit to any portion of the citizens of my State,
1 am most assuredly opposed to striking that part
out. It is my desire that we may come speedily
to a vote upon the proposition o'f the gentleman j
from Tennessee, [Air. Jones,] to strike outali but!
the first section of the Senate bill. I
The question was then taken upon the amend- i
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Clark,] I
and it was disagreed to. i
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following amendment, •
to come in at the end of the fourth section of the i
bill: j
Except so far as to give them any additional amount j
oflami. to which the seivioes pumded ior in tins section '
may en'utle ihein ; the aggregate of Jand in no one case to j
exceed one hundred aud eighty acres. I
You will perceive the pioviso to this section
provides "that nothing herein contained shall
authorize bounty land to those who have hereto-
fore received or become entitled to the same."
Under a construction of the previous law, I believe
by the Commissioner of Pensions, or perhaps the
Secretary of the Inteiior, a person having served
at two or more different times is permitted to select
the longer period of service upon winch to teceive
his warrant, or the Commissioner puts two or more
of these teims together and issues to him a war-
rant to which the aggregate time would entitle linn.
Those provided for by the section could not be re- '
cipients m the manner indicated under this con-
struction, for if they served previously «uid received
forty acres, and were entitled under this section 1
to forty additional acres, they could not obtain it,
and the object of my amendment is simply to per-
mit them to obtain that number of acies which
the aggregate time of their services would allow
them.
I am sorry to be compelled again to allude to
my colleague, [Mr. Dunham,] because he thinks ;
I did not do it yesterday in that spirit of courtesy
which should be extended from one to the other of
the members of the House. But I presume the
exceptions taken by him to-day, to the statement
in relation to the letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Oiiire by myself, were intended to
apply to me. 1 did state, on yesterday, and I
should not hesitate much to repeat it now, that
the letter which lie produced here m support of
his statement that receiveis did nothing, or little
short of nothing in the location of bounty land
warrants, was not sustained by the letter itself.
That letter did not go into details of the service
rendered by the receiver, i then had a letter,
which is now in the possession of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] from the Commis-
sioner of the General LandOliice, whi'-h states that
the duties of the register and leeeiver aie almost
identical, and that they are nearly or quite quad-
runle the duties of the same officers when the sales
of land aie for cash. I profess to be wilting to
compensate registers and receiveis for past and
prospective service in locating the&e bounty land
warrants, but the provision for their compensation
in this bill is objected to. This objection,! ap-
prehend, is a niere subterfuge, and come up in
what shape it would, the proposition for compen-
sating these men would be met with objections
on the part of certain gentlemen. If they are will-
ing to compensate them, why not do jt now, in
connection with a matterpertaimng to bounty land
warrants* |j
A word, sir, as to the combination here, and in jj
the other end of the Capitol, to connect the pro-'
vision for the compensation of registers anu re- ,
ceivers with this bill, which prevails so largely m
the imagination of some gentlemen upon thelloor, j
and I expect it exists nowhere else than in their j
imagination. No such combinations exist to my !
knowledge, and I believe it has no existence out- i
side their prolific brains. But if it does exist, it ;
is a combination of the friends of a class of United
States officers who have been legally robbed, they ,
having accepted office under a law which has been \
since changed, having accepted office from the ,
Government with the expectation of receiving the !
fees to which they were entitled by law, and of j
which they were "subsequently deprived by the •
action of that very Government, in changing the I
manner of selling lands, thus depriving them of
that compensation which they had every right to
expect, J t was asked by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mason,] why, when they became
aware that they were not receiving compensa-
tion enough, they did not resign? Before they
were aware of the effect of these bounty land bills
upon their compensation, they had rendered service
to a large amount; and they held on to the ofRce
in the expectation, which I fear is likely to be a
vain one, that the Government would do them
justice—would compensate them for the services
they have honestly rendered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have not en-
gaged heretofore in the discussion of this bill, and
1 only wish now to call the attention of the com-
mittee to a single matter of fact, which is in op-
position to the amendment only in this respect:
that it is no use for us to support any other
amendment which may be offered here. We may
as well take this bill as it is. A motion is either
pending, or very shortly to be made, upon the de-
cision of which, the brll goes one way or the
other. Those who are opposed to the bill have
ceased, since we passed the first section, to offer
amendments, and T would suggest to the friends of
the measure to let the vote be had now upon the
motion. It is hardly worth while for them to de-
lay it. The crisis of the bill must come upon one
motion, and that is the motion to strikeout all of
the bill after the first section. For my own part,
I am extremely anxious that the Senate bill shall
pass as it has come to us. Theie is no use in the
friends of the measure consuming further time in
delaying the vote upon the motion to strike out.
There is no use of otfering amendments when we
know they cannot be carried, whether reasonable
or unreasonable. I hope we nvvy have a vote on
the bill, ard that it mav be disposed of.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Fitcf, and it was rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, to strikeout all of
the bill after the first section.
Mr. FOWLER demanded teller; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and Cartterwere
appointed. *
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes
1UG, noes 38.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise, and report the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
Mr. BARRERE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it is
not in order, the committee having stricken out all
after the first section.
Mr. BARRERE. I wish to add a new section
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be in order.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a point of order.
We have amended the first section, and passed
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. This is proposed as an
additional section.
Mr. BARRERE. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section:
St.c. Jlnd he xt further cnrcted, That if anv officer or
soldier, who would. it living, be entitled to bounty land
umh'i the M.verai acts to which tins act is an amendment,
ha- d.ed since the rendition ol the services by winch he
would be > o entitled, and who has left no widow now liv-
ing, that the wairaut to winch he would if living he so
entitled, siiall is^ue fiist to lus heirs-at-law ina descend-
ing lino, ir he -dial! h.ivo left any such hoiiv; and if he <-hall
have left no siu-h heirs who sti!! survive, that Mich wanaiit
shall i^sue to the father of mk-1i oflie^r oi soldier, or U Hie
father be dc< d, then that the panic htiall Rsue to the mothei of
such officer or soldiei.. And if the mntner he dead, tn the
last place, that sticn warrant shall issue to the bi others and
sisteii of tench officer or soidiei, if an> s*tili sin vivo.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make a point of
order upon that amendment. The bill as now
amended authoiiz.es the sale and transfer by as-
signment of land warrants. The effect of the gen-
tleman's motion is to bring new matter into the
bill. All th-U part relating to the amendment now-
proposed, having been stricken out, I think it is
not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My point of order
is, that it is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The CSmir overrules the
point of order.
