1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
salaries durmg the time of their absence, provided !
that absence shall be for a period longer than
sixty days,
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state in regard to that
provision, with the permission of the gentleman
trom Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that the subject
canie up before the Committee oil "Ways and
.Means, and my impression is, that that committee
were unanimous m its construction of the law as
provided in thecivil and diplomatic bill. 1 believe
our construction was as the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] has stated it. I never for a
moment believed that that law was intended to
take from the officers of the Territories a year's
Salary; and when 1 heard it stated a few days ago,
when that lull was up in theSenate, that such was
the construction, I confess 1 was astonished. The
Committee on Ways and Means had inserted in
the civil and diplomatic bill of this session, what
they considered was intended to be provided m
the law, which is now in the hands of the gentle-
man fiom Oregon, [Mr Lane.] That is, they
have inserted that proviso, but in a more definite
form. They have made it precise m its language,
so as to provide that they shall not receive com-
pensation for the time they may be so absent.
The committee were unanimously of the belief
that that was intended to be the law. That, m my
opinion, is the true construction of the law, and
for one reason at least as presented by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] This is the
objection to the law as it is proposed—to the pro-
visions reported by the Committee on Territories
as an amendment to the Senate bill. The officers
of the Territory enter upon the discharge of their
duties, for instance, on the first day of the fiscal
year. They remain there one, two, and three
quarters of the year, and receive their salaries at
the end of each quarter. That is the way our
officers are all paid. They receive at the end of
each quarter their respective salaries for the quar-
ter; but if they absent themselves from the Terri-
tories at the end of the third quarter, unless they
get from the President of the United States a cer-
tificate of good character, or of absence for good
cause, then they forfeit the whole year's salary,
and your bill does not provide any mode, any
means, or any process, by which they are required
to pay back to the Government the three quarters'
salary which they respectively may have received.
When they have it in their pocket, how are you
to get it back?
Mr. STUART. I do not want the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to be making a
speech m my speech. I think itisa bad practice.
I have very great respect for the legal opinion of
the gentlemen constituting the committee of which
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is
the chairman, but I have been unable, from an in-
spection of the proviso, or from the speech that the
gentleman has just made with my leave—which 1
understood was to be a speech explanatory of that
opinion—to come to the same conclusion as that
committee, and the gentleman, that the true con-
struction of the law is, to withhold the salary for
the time of absence merely. Here is the law:
"Territory of Oregon—For salaries of governor, three
judder-, mid secretary, $10,500
"Ten Uoiy o( Minnesota—For salaries of governor, three
judges, and secretary,$8,700.
'•Territory of New Mexico—For salaries of governor,
three judges, and secietaiy, $8,700.
"Tetritory of Utah—For salaries of governor, three
judges, and secretary, 700.
" Provided, That tlie salaries specified above for any of
the officers ot any of the Territories of the United Stales,
shall not be paid in any case where any of said officers
frhall absent themselves from said Terutories, and their
official duties for a period of time greater than M.xty days."
The construction which has been given to this
proviso by the Departments is, that you cannot
pay a man any of his salary for the year, if he is
absent more than sixty days from the Territory,
and the duties of his office. That is the literal
meaning of the proviso, and it is as plain as any-
thing is susceptible of being made by the use of
English language. It does not say for the tune
he is absent, but it says, "piovided the salary
specified above shall be paid," &c What is that'
It is the whole salary of each one of these officers.
I say that the proviso forfeits the entire salary.
Mr. JON ES,of Tennessee. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a simple question ? He says
under that proviso, if these officers absent them-
selves longer than sixty days they forfeit the entire
year's salary. But suppose they remain at tlueir
posts, discharge theirduties for the first, three quar-
ters of the year and get their pay, and th*m, as
soon as they have pocketed it, they should leave
and be absent the fourth quarter?
Mr. STUART. The only difficulty with the
' gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is, that he
is talking about one bubjeci and 1 another. I am
answering the argument of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that, by the conjunc-
tion which this proviso has received from i he Com-
mit tee on Ways and Means, itdoes notapply to any
time, except the time during which the officer is
absent. 1 say it is not susceptible of any such
construction, and nowhere else has it received such
construction.
Mr. CARTTER. Does the law provide for (he
payment of these salaries quarterly ?
Mr. STUART. 1 undeistand it does; and gen-
tlemen all around me seem to think so. I wish 10
say a word upon that point. 1 said to gentlemen
some time ago, if there was supposed to be a prac-
tical difficulty in carrying out the provisions of this
law, it was very easy to obviate it by proposing a
further amendment to the hill. There is no diffi-
culty in doing that. These objections, which ha\e
been urged by gentlemen around me, do not affect
at all the construction of the law of which I speak.
If the salaries are payable quarterly* so that a man
may draw thiee quarters of a yearly salary and be
absent sixty days, and only loses the remaining
quarter of the year, why let the law be amended;
and if no other gentleman will do it, 1 will propose
an amendment myself, which will carry out that
object. The amendment which I have offered to
the first section of the committee's amendment, to
insert the word " cause" forihe word " leave," is
amply sufficient to cairy out the objects intended
by the committee, unless there ben difficulty,such
as is suggested to me, about the time ai which the
salaries are respectively paid. I do not wish to
consume the time of the committee. I will simply
state, that among the delegates who represent the.se
Territories, there is no difference of opinion as to
the propriety of this law. So far as the law ex-
tends there is no difference of opinion among them.
The gentleman representing the Territory of Ore-
gon wished an exception to be made as to that
Territory, in reference to any officer leaving atall.
He objects to any officer leaving that Territory,
even with the consent of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the committee have acquiesced m
his request, and they have made that Territory an
exception.
Mr. LANE. It is not in the bill.
Mr. STUART. The Territory of Oregon is to
be made an exception by the agreement of the
committee. I confess that, so far as my own judg-
ment goes, I think the Delegate from Oregon is
right. I think the officers should stay there, or
not go there. The committee, finding that the
Senate of the United States have passed a bill con-
taining provisions which they think are not proper,
have reported this bill, throwing upon the President
of the United States the responsibility of the exe-
cution of these laws If any discretion is to be
given at all, it should be given to that officer. It
is his duty to see that these laws, among others,
should be faithfully executed. Cases may arise—
cases perhaps have already arisen—where the ab-
sence of the territorial officer was necessary and
proper. The President can be satisfied of that ne-
cessity. Being so satisfied, the amendment pro-
posed by the committee requires him to certify it
officially to the proper accounting officer, so that his
opinion shall be so clearly stated as to rest entirely
in the first place upon his responsibility. In the
next place, it is to be filed with the proper account-
ing officer, so thnt at any time, and at all times, the
propriety of that opinion can be ascertained by
the legislative authority of the country. And jf
this discretion is to rest anywhere, I doubt not it
is properly vested by the provisions of the amend-
ment which the Committee on Territories propose
to this Senate bill. That under the circumstances
such a provision should exist, a majority of that
committee were satisfied. A further amendment
being necessary to this hill, in order to accommo-
date the views of the Delegate from Oregon, I pro-
pose to do what the committ.ee did, but the amend-
ment seems not to have been printed. The com-
mittee, in regard to these provisions, introduced an
exception—" except as to the Territory of Ore-
gon.
The CHAIRMAN.
The gentleman having
i offered an amendment to the amendment, he can-
| not offer this.
j Mr. STUART. I shall propose it, then, at the
; proper time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With thepermis-
sion of the gentleman, I will state, that this ques-
tion is brought here in consequence of certain
judicial officei s leaving the Territory of Utah. It is
to relieve those officers, and give them the salary
which the accounting officers of the Treasury, in
their construction of that proviso, will not pay to
them. It seems that the original proviso under
consideration, involves the condition that these
officers shall not be paid where they are absent
from the Territories for more than sixty days. I
wish to inquire of the gentleman, who is a mem-
ber of the Terutorial Committee, if he is aware of
the fact, whether those judicial officers ever didgo
to the districts to which they were assigned in the
Temtones, and actually entered upon the dis-
charge of the duties of their office, or did they
merely go into the Territory of Utah, to the city
ot Salt Lake, and there, for certain reasons satis-
factory to themselves, determine to leave the coun-
try, without ever going to their districts, or enter-
ing upon the duties of then offices?
Mi. STUART. I will answer theinquiry made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, as far as 1 un-
derstand that subject. Perhaps I ought to say,
i hat i am not aware that the Committee on Terri-
tories are possessed of any information that has
not been open to everybody, connected, at least,
with the Congress of the United States.
As I understand this subject, the territorial
judges of the Temtory of Utah never did enter
upon the discharge of theirduties, and never did
go to their respective districts; and, so far as I
know, at the time they were there the Territory
had not been divided into districts.
This subject of the territorial judges of Utah is
one which the Committee on Territories thought
ought not to be decided by Congress. My own
opinion upon this question it is not necessary to
state. But I take tins view: that it is a question
to be decided peculiarly by the Executive. The
duty of the Executive of the United States is very
plain. If these officers discharged their duty prop-
erly, or if tlmy used every effort incumbent upon
them to discharge those duties, and were prevented
by any local cause, from doing so, they ought to
be paid. If, however, they did not discharge their
duty, or did not make a sufficient effort to do so,
then it is equally clear that they ought not to be
paid. They have made their report to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the Governor of
Utah has made his. It is the peculiar province,
as I have before remarked, of the President to see
the laws faithfully executed. He nominates these
officers, and appoints them, by the consent of the
Senate. They are held to be subject to his con-
trol, as far as removal is concerned. He has ex-
ercised that control; and, as I understand, has
notified these officers that they must return to their
duties.
Now, if there be any cause sufficient to justify
the payment of these officers, what tribunal under
our institutions so well understands the extent of
that cause—who so competent to decide it as the
President of the United States> Certainly, he
should decide it. it is a responsibility that be-
longs to his office. It is one that, in my judg-
ment, can be better exercised by him than by
Congress itself. Therefore, sir. T very much pre-
fer the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Territoiies of the House, to the repeal of the pro-
viso. I think the proviso should not he repealed.
The effect of adopting the Semite bill and repeal-
ing the proviso would be to pay these officers with-
out any inquiry as to whether they have properly
absented themselves or not. The effect of the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Ter-
ritories would be to refer it to the President of the
United States to decide whether they have ab-
! sentcd themselves for good and sufficient cause.
I If they have done so, then they ouehf to be paid.
i Now, sir, I am opposed to the Senate bill. I
was opposed to it ihe other day. When it was
, brought into the House, I objected to it and moved
1 its refeience to the Committee on Territories for
i the purpose of considering it. I am as clear now
I as 1 was then that this proviso ought not to
j be repealed. Such an unqualified repeal would
1 produce the effect to which I have just alluded;
j it would pay these officers without any further
