L412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
inquiry, which in my judgment should not be
done.
The Committee on Territories, as will be
seen, has carefully refrained from expressing any
opinion which might prejudice this question one
way or the other. If, however, the House differs
with us; if the Committee of the Whole sees fit
to retain the proviso as it stands, without any
qualification whatever, or if they see fit to adopt
the Senate bill repealing it, the whole subject is
open before us and we can act upon it as we
please.
I have thus stated, as briefly as I could, the
grounds upon which the Committee on Territo-
ries have acted, and the reasons which have gov-
erned us in reporting this amendment lo the
House. I have also stated another amendment
which ought to have been printed with this bill, in
regard to the Territory of Oregon, and I will not
trespass longer upon the attention of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mr. Chairman, I am of
opinion that there will be time enough for gentle-
men to discuss the question particularly under
consideration, as much as they desire, and I will
therefore occupy a few minutes of the time of the
committee upon other subjects.
[Loud cries of " Oh ! no."]
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand that it has
been the universal usage of the House, when in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to permit great latitude of debate.
Several Members. Let the discussion of the
bill go on.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I make the point of
order, and I intend to insist upon it, that the gen-
tleman is not in order in discussing other ques-
tions, not now before the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
Maine to allow the discussion of the bill to pro-
ceed. The debate can only last two hours longer,
and there are several gentlemen anxious to discuss
the bill. I hope he will not occupy the time in
discussing other matters.
Mr. WASHBURN. If I supposed that I
could obtain the floor again, and that the two
hours would be occupied without going into the
discussion of political matters, I would very will-
ingly waive my right to the floor for the present.
But if I should yield the floor, it is quite likely
that some other gentleman would take it, and
make a political speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must arrest
this debate. No debate is in order on a question
of order. If the gentleman from Illinois insists on
his question of order 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do insist on it. I
gave notice yesterday that 1 should do so.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair is obliged
to decide that remarks, such us the gentleman from
Maine proposes to make, are not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. From that decision I
appeal, because 1 understand that it has been the
universal practice to allow great latitude of debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois makes the question of order, that the remarks
proposed to be made by thegentleman from Maine
—the nature of which he has stated—not beim; at
all applicable to the bill, are out of order. The
Chair decides that such debate is out of order, and
from that decision the gentleman from Maine ap-
peals.
Mr. ORR. I believe that it has been the uni-
form practice of the House to allow general de-
bate upon these 
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman from
South Carolina to order. The appeal is not de-
batable.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order on
a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One of our rules
expressly declares that when a gentleman is
called to order in making a speech, the question
shall be decided without debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of '
that rule, but if the gentleman from South Caro-
lina has a suggestion, to make the Chair will
hear it.
Mr. ORR. I desire to make a single sugges- j
tion to the gentleman from Maine. Whilst I do :
not concur m the opinion of the Chair, I hope the i
gentleman from Maine will not take up the time j
|j of the Territories, which is very limited. He can
ij make his speech at the beginning of next week or
|: at the conclusion of this. But by going on now,
|| he may do great injustice to the Territories,
j! Mr. WASHBURN. I should be happy to
Jj yield the floor now, if I could have any assurance
'j that I should get it again the last of this week, or
|; the first of next.
i! Mr. STUART. The gentleman can easily do
it, for the territorial business closes this week.
Mr. ORR. These Territories are dependent on
us for their entire legislation.
Mr. RICHAR,DSON. If I was not compelled
|| to do it, I would not make the point of order on
i, the gentleman from Maine, and would permit the
;i general discussion to go on. But these bills ought
r to be considered; they ought to be passed or de-
; feated, and there is only this week to do it in. I
, am afraid that even if there is no political discus-
'; sion—if we discuss the questions legitimately—we
cannot get through all the territorial business that
i; ought to be done.
: Mr. ORR. There are only two days left for it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Since it seems to be the
general opinion of the committee that I ought to
; postpone the remarks which I propose to make, I
■ will do so, with the hope that I may be able to
, obtain the floor again before long. I withdraw the
jl appeal.
The appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. CARTTER. A proposition is now pend-
I ing before the committee—if I understand the bill
■ under consideration—to repeal a provision which
I will presently read, and substitute in its place a
, forfeiture of current salary for sixty days. The
!, reason assigned for doing that is, that the provis-
; i ion proposed to be repealed forfeits the salary for
the entire year.
As! understand it, a difference of opinion has
/arisen respecting the construction of the section.
' It is agreed by all, I believe, that the provision is
I a salutary one, provided it does not operate as a
I forfeiture of the year's salary. What is the pro-
;' vision ? After enumerating the salai ies of the offi-
j cers, the proviso proceeds to recite, " that the sal-
| ' aries specified above for any of the officers of any
,j 'of the Territories of the United States shall not be
' paid in any case where any of said officers shall
! ' absent themselves from said Territories and their
I 1 official duties for a time greater than sixty days."
j Now, I assume to say that the language of that
i provision is limited to the time of the absenteeism
jj more than sixty days, and that there is nothing in
!| the language of the law that conflicts with this
■j construction of it, and that the reason of the rule
is with tlmt conduction. What is the provision
of the law ? That the officer shall receive a certain
salary, say one thousand or fifteen hundred dol-
lars a year, and that that salary shall be paid to
him quarterly. The proviso does not rehUe to
money that has been paid to the officer, or there-
payment of money that has been advanced to him
, for his salary, but to money to be paid to him. fie
shall forfeit the money that would be due to him
II on the quarter of his absence, in the order of its
!| payment—an absence preceding the older of i's
■l payment. You can put no other construction on
the provision.
Mr. STUART, (interrupting.) I submit to
■ j the gentleman from Ohio whether this is or not the
' plain reading of the law, although not perhaps the
precise language—"Be it enacted, that each of the
judges of the Territory of Utah shall receive for
the current year a salary of $1,500: Provided,
.that such salary shall not be paid to either of;
' said judges if He shall absent himself from said '
Territory, and from his official duties, for the 1
i space of sixty days." ■
j Mr. CARTTER. No such thing. I am en-
I deavoring to show that that is not the right con- ■
' atruction. If that had been the construction of:
• the law, their salaries would have been made pay- '
able at the expiration of the year, and not quar- 1
| teiiy. But the gentleman's conclusion involves an !
, absurdity. It says you shall not pay the money i
, which is paid under the law, without any pro- j
' vision for the reimbursement to the Government '
; of the moneys advanced by the Government, or j
; paid in virtue of the law. I
i But another reason given for the introduction of
i the provision to remodel this law, is the absence <
: of the officers of the Territory of Utah, as I un- :
i derstand it. It is said that the Department has '
refused to pay their salary. Now, this construc- '
i| tion of duty on the part of the Department may
j be right. If so, it is very easy to rectify the diffi-
, culty by making an especial provision for the pay~
j. ment of their salary, or by providing an amenci-
!j ment to this proviso, such as shall meet the case,
jj by adding "voluntary absence from the Territory
"for ninety days;" that would remove the diffi-
i, culty, and, at the same time, retain the salutary
,i provision of the law, which ought not to be blot-
i ted from the face of the statute-book. I will read
i: this proviso again, with a view to show what real
! necessity there is for carrying out the recommend-
j, ations contained in the report of the Committee
j i on Territories:
! c: Provided, That the <5nlarie4 spftpified above for any of
, the officers of any of the Territories of the United States,
j shall not be paid in any case whore any of said officers
;; shall absent themselves fiom &fiid Territories, and their of-
ficial duties, for a penod of tunc greater than sixty days."
" Shall absent themselves,'' is the language of
,, this proviso. Now, I hold that the rational, rea-
; sonable,and authorized interpretation of the phrase
\ is, that they shall not absent themselves without
cause. The obvious intention of Congress, in
making the proviso, was to avoid the voluntary
abandonment of duty. That was the intention,
l! It did not contemplate any application to those
j! whom necessity shall compel to leave their posts
! for a time. The language is, ** shall absent them-
,, selves;" which means, under a reasonable, rational
| construction, when they shall leave the Territory
, of their own voluntary choice, upon their own
i' free will. And I hold that the Executive branch
! of the Government would have been acting within
1 the pale of their duty, if, when these officers had
| been driven fiom the Territory, it had paid their
'■ salary; and I further hold, that it was an act of
| pusillanimity and cowardice upon their part, in not
! paying it. Here is the report, and it is the only
1 evidence I have seen, touching the conduct of the
■ officers m the Territory of Utah. That report
, was made to the Executive, and by him commu-
| nicated to this House. That report sets forth
that the government of Utah, created by the Ad-
j' ministration, in the first place, employed itself in
desecrating al! the names honorable and noble,
! in the United States, and all of the officers of the
! United States, residing m their polluted society.
, After that, these men were subjected to threats
I' and violence, and obstructed in the discharge of
, their public duty. In fact, they never entered upon
i their duties at all, because they could not. .But
this territorial government, constituted bv theAd-
; ministration, for Utah, set at open defiance the
Jj organic laws of the Territory. Theypaidno respect
\\ to the provisions of that law, in the election of
their representative in this Hall, or in reference to
1, any of the functions enjoined upon them by the or-
,' ganic law. Theseofficers—United States officers—
!1 set forth that personal peril compelled them to leave
the Territory. According to that report, which,
m its historicaccount of the conductor that people,
is unfit To be read even in this House, because it
1 is too obscene a record—this Governor Younc;,
this inspired prophet of hell, [laughter]—this
appointee of this pusillanimous Administration
[laughter] not only condemned the Government of
the United States to hell, but everybody in the
• Government. lie abuses them—I will not read
j; from the reports—but he abuses them in language
i of excessive profanity and obscenity—not respect-
, ing even the forms of decency—the official func-
i, uonaries whom we sent there; and not acknowl-
: edging their responsibility to the Federal Govern-
j1 merit.
: Under the influence of this exhibition, these
■ men were compelled to come back. And who
, doubts that they were compelled to do it out of
respect to the Government? Would you wish
, your public officers, then, on the fourth of July,
1 to be compelled silently to sit by and see the flag
of the United States danced into the dirt under the
feet of ruffians? For this is what they report.
Would you wish to have them sit silently by and
hear the institutions of the country derided and
blasphemed, m language of the most vulgar pro-
fanity, by this appointee of this Administration?
This iswhat the Administration calls absenteeism
upon the part of these officers 1 Is it such ? Why,
if there was a citizen of the United States ap-
■ pointed to an office of authority in that Territory
who would not leave the filthy, polluted ground
under circumstances like these, he ought to ho
: unrewarded for absenteeism of manhood. [Laugn-
