2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
I am disposed to sanction the action of that com-
mittee, and leave the responsibility there. It must
rest somewhere; and itis very much better to restit
with a regularly-organized committee of the House,
than" undertake to override its action here, in the
Committee of the Whole on, the state of the .Union.
What'I desire is; the lowest amount of expendi-
ture possible for the Navy, until such a revision of
its whole affairs shall take place as  to restore it
to what it once was, and now ought to be—the
pride and gloi'y of the country. But, at this time,
instead of occupying that position, it is in a posi-
tion so different.that it .would not require much
for me, as much, as I desire it, to vote to abolish
the whole concern, unless itcan be better managed
than it has b§en lately.
Mr. HEBARD. . 1 rise simply to say that I
am opposed to this amendment, and desire that
the committee shall come to a vote upon the re-
maining proposition. I think we;have expended
time enough upon this subject. 1 am exceedingly
anxious to know what the next prpposition will be
—for I suppose there will be another—and I hope
we shall now take a vote upon this. We want a
little variety.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is right.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. MI.LLSON demanded tellers-, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
and Dunham were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes not'counted.
So the amendment to the amendment- was not
agreed to.
The question now recurring upon the adoption-
of the original amendment,
Mr. M1LLSON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton and Bufxl were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 28, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause in rela-
tion to the Norfolk navy-yard:
For the purchase of lands, amounting in quantity to about
*ix acres, according to a survey recently made under tiie
diiection of the Commandant of the Gosport Navy-Yard,
winch landis nou- the propetty of C P KihvrinU, >9,ij00 :
Provided, tii;u no part o( said money shall be paid until a
valid title 10 said laud shall first have been obtained, and
the ns-jent of the Lc^islatinc of Virginia shall luwe been
t'iven to the said conveyance.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say, Mr. Chairman,
that this is not a matter which comes in conflict
with any recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means, because T believe it never was
before them. Itis a matter which has been brought
up in consequence of p^uliar circumstances, since
the action of the Committee of Ways and Means
upon this bill.
The amendment relates to a quantity of.about
six acres of land, contiguous to land now owned
by the United States Government, and which the
Government has keen attempting, as ( understand,
for about twenty years to buy, because it is ne-
cessary for the protection of property there,'and
which it has only lately been able to purchaseupon
fair terms.
Now, 1 can state, Chat by a map which has been
delivered to me, made under the direction of the
superintendent or commandant of the yard there,
this land is necessary. But I am met here with
the declaration, by my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] that the recommendation of the
commandants of the yards, and officers of the
Navy, are not worth a picayune. I was exceed-
ingly surprised to hear such a remark from so
sensible a gentleman as the member from Michi-
gan. The advices of men who are familiar with
these matters, who are upon the ground and know
all about them, not worth a picayune! Who un-
derstandsmatters about your navy-yards5 Is there
any one here who comes from those navy-yards?
Is there any one familiar with all their wants3 You
must rely upon these persons. They are appointed
for the purpose of examining into these matters,
and to give us their recommendations. The gentle-
man from Michigan comes forward and says that
their recommendation is not worth one cent. The
gentleman had better have gone one step further,
and, with thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gartter]
say: Let the Navy peiish. That is the only ques-
tion. Take care of your Navy—take care of your
property—or let your Navy perish. That is the
issue now presented to the committee.
I understand that the Congress of the United
States., at its- last session, made an appropriation
to "purchase a quantity of land contiguous to the
navy-yard at New York, for which $285,000 was
paid. -We propose to buy six acres of land, which
are very necessary, and which 'we are able now
to set for $9,000. Let me state one or two reasons'
why this should be done. There are contiguous
to this land several public buildings, and there
have been built upon these six acres shanties of
combustible materials, exceedingly liable to take
fire, and which, by taking fire, might consume
$00,000 or $70,000 worth of pubhc property.
These six .acres" .also extend very near to those
timber shedsi, in which all this property has been
stored, and of which my colleague from the Nor-
folk district [Mr. Millson] has just spoken. I
wish gentlemen to understand that Jforfolk is not
in my district. As I have before said, this land
extends nearly to these timber sheds, and if it is
not bought by the Government, it will be built up
entirely dow;n to them with combustible shanties;
and instead of appropriating §9,000 for this'pur-
chase, the Government may shortly lose $100,000
by the destruction of property by fire. Its pur-
chase is recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy, and by the commandant of the yard.
Mr. STUART- I.did not make use of any
such term as the gentleman says I did. I did not
use the term picayune. Not being a southern
man, it is a name for coin I know nothing about.
I said that these recommendations come to us
from officers in the Navy, and were not, from the
very nature of things, and from the nature of men,
for that reason, entitled to much weight. Let a
man be a commandant of a navy-yard, and let
him recommend to* Congress what amount of
money ought to be there expended, and in what
way, and I submit to this committee, without fear
of contradiction, that if you will adopt that as the
principle, your whole Treasury will not supply
his wants and his recommendations.
Now, take this very case. They want six more
acres of land, at a cost of §9,000, and then they
want, at least, one side of that land walled in with
this same sea-wall, because it is necessary in order
to carry out the plan of these officers of the Navy.
What great good grows out of itf Any ? Sir, I
see none: but I do not profess to be so advised
upon this subject as to be able to instruct this
committee. Itis for that reason that I, for one,
feel much more secure in relying upon the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and if that
committee is disposed to urge retrenchment in our
Navy expenditures, I am disposed to stand by it.
It is the principle against which I contend—that
principle which allows an officer of the Navy to
make a recommendation for the expenditure of
money, and that to be reason enough why Con-
gress should vote it. I deny the correctness of
the logic, and deny that that is safe'action.
Mr. EVANS. I move to increase the amount
to 010,000. I have examined this subject a little,
in connection with the maps and plans. I do not
propose to take any part in this general naval de-
bate. The Secretary of the Navy has examined
this matter, and the commandant says that the
Government has been endeavoring to purchase
this land for some years, but that it has been held
heretofore by an .individual who would not' part
with it at all. They have at length prevailed upon
him, if Congress will buy it; and it is stated, and
I believe truly, that if it is purchased, it will be
valuable property to the United Slates. If that be
the case, and 1 have no doubt of it, this amend-
ment ought to be regarded in a different light from
that in which the Committee of Ways and Means
view it. The purchase of this small piece of land
at a cheap rate—and it is cheap considering every-
thing—may possibly, and, indeed, probably will
save us fiom a great deal of expense hereafter.
Sudden conflagrations are not unusual at all in our
towns, particularly in our southern towns, and the
large ship-sheds, and timber-sheds of the Gov-
ernment may be consumed; and we will lose an
amount of property much greater in value than
the amount contained in this appropriation. I
trust, therefore, the committee will adopt it.
Mr. MILLSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and m favor of the original amendment
offered by my colleague [Mr. Bocock] from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
I have risen for the purpose of saying a word
or two, to give the House some information in re-
gard to the facts. I never heard of this appropri-
ation until within a few days past. The sugges-
tion is made by the Secretary of the -Navy and by
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I will state that
the extent of the Norfolk navy-yard is now less
than that of other navy-yards of less "importance.
The New York navy-yard contains about one
hundred and eighteen acres. The navy-yard at
Norfolk, much more important, much more useful,
as I conceive, contains only about seveuty-nine'
acres.
I am informed by'my colleague, [Mr. Bocock,]
and from other-sources, that this land is desired,
and I believe it would be advantageous to extend
the ydrd in that direction.
I am'in favor of the original amendment, and as
I am informed that the land can be purchased for -
§9,000—that being the amount asked by the pres-
ent proprietor—and as the amendment is to in-
crease it to $10,000, which amount is not required,
I am opposed to it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Evans, and it was not agreed to.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment of Mr. Bocock,
Mr. BOCOCK asked for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Sutherland, and Stanton
of Kentucky, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 34, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I am instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, in the following
section, viz:—
" Pensacola, Florida: Towards completing permanent
wharf, to complete guaid-house and kitchen, to complete
yard lailway and repair old track, to complete extension of
central whart', to rebuild castwall of cistern No.26, for ice-
house, repairs of cisterns Nos. 14 and 25, and repans of all
kinda, .-§88,04-1"—
after the word "wharf," to insert the following:
" For extension of snuthery and machine shop, for wharf
on east side of yard, four now forges and chimneys-'5—
and to increase the appropriation to §162,782.
As I have stated,'I am instructed by the com-
mittee to submit that amendment, but I have very
little expectation that it will pass. It seemsto me
that the Committee of Ways and Means have mo-
nopolized to themselves all the business of this
Congress. The recommendations of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, of the Committee'on Na-
val Affairs, and of all the various committees of
the House, are treated with contempt,-at the in-
stance of the chairman of the!Ways and Means,
who assumes that his committee are alone to say
what is essential and what is proper, and that the
House must vote for, and adopt without alteration
or amendment, all of their recommendations, and
against all others.
Mr. HOUSTON. ■ My friend is too intelligent .
a gentleman to indulge in such remarks as those
towards the Committee of Ways and Means. T
assure him, and he mtist have known it, that we
have acted upon nothing which was not committed
to us by the House.
Mr. CABELL. I am not speaking of that.
My point is that the Committee of Ways and
Means come to us, and say that we must act ac-
cording to their recommendation, and that unless
we do adhere to it, improper legislation will be the
result, or some argument of that kind. We see
the honorable chairman passing the word around
the House, that unless you pass his bills exactly
as they are, the appropriations necessary to carry
on the Government may be lost. Everything
must, therefore, be opposed, except what comes
from that committee. The House seems to have
acquiesced in this, and is saved the trouble of
thinking for itself; and I have not much expecta-
tion of the passage of the amendment I propose,
but introduce it because it is recommended by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and because I
deem it proper and essential, and because its
adoption is urged by the Secretary of the Navy,
and head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The geographical position of Florida is unfor-
tunate for the interests of the whole country. She
has a sea-coast of twelve hundred miles in extent,
and is therefore brought very much in communi-
cation with the General Government. Unfortu-
nately she has but one Representative upon this
floor, and consequently an influence only in pro-
