1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1418
ter.] He could not do otherwise. But still I
understand the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] to complain because they did not stand ,
abuse enough.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to in-
terfere with the episode the gentleman from Ohio !
is making upon this bill. But I rise for the pur-
pose of correcting the gentleman. I stated dis- •
tinctly that the Committee on the Territories had
refrained, carefully, from expressing any opinion ,
at all on the subject of which he speaks. I would 1
not give my own opinion, and 1 did not give it.
Mr. CARTTER. Then all I have to say is, 1
that this Committee on the Territories is following '
the illustrious example of this Administration. .
They bring in a report here from theTerritory, and ;
the Committee on Territories refrained from giving
their opinion upon the subject, though all the j,
world are advertised of the facts. '
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman :j
allow me to make a single remark ? The commit- j j
tee which drafted this bill did not think it came }l
legitimately before it. For myself, I wish to state Ij
most distinctly that I have no opinions to conceal I j
in relation to this matter. I do not think these '•
officers could have remained there and maintained j!
their own self-respect or a respect for the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CARTTER. I was aware of the opinion
of the honorable and manly Representative from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] upon this subject; and I
I presume my honorable fiiend from Michigan ;
[Mr. Stuart] entertains the same opinion. But
there is a strange delicacy of sentiment, upon the
subject. What is the condition of that country 5
Here is the appointee of this Government, with ,
fifteen harlots around him, polluting the very
atmosphere in which he lives, in broad daylight,
and in open defiance of all the outward ceremo- •,
nies of common decency; and yet that man is |
retained as Governor of that Territory. The j
men whom we have sent out there to admin- :
ister the laws of the country are driven home by ;
this ruffian, and yet gentlemen feel a groat delicacy
in refer^>v,3 to expressing an opinion before this !
body upon the subject,and of the Administration. '
I do not know what strange influence it is that ■
produces it. I do not think it would have oc- j
curred in any other quarter of the Republic—never !
where law and a respect for common decency ob- ;
tains. My own judgment is, that if the same ex- ;
hibiuon of profligacy on the part of a public func- '
tionary, accredited by this Admini^ttation, and 1
under its appointment, had manifested itself in any
other latitude of the country, he would have been
officially beheaded as soon as the lightning tracks
could carry the intelligence of his infamy. i
But here three young men, of good character '
and deportment, who entered upon their duties !
with the honest purpose of discharging them,under -
the authority of the United States, and not under <
the " Latter-day Saints"—with a responsibility to i
the United States, and not a responsibility to a de- j
graded fanaticism—because they -Would not enter ■
into the common prostitution of others, because 1
they would not st;-;nd by, defenseless as they |
were, and see the Republic and its Government
abused and condemned, and returned to testify to ;
the Government the scenes of violence and outrage \
that transpired, amounting, m all the theory on
the subject, to treason, were dismissed by this Ad- ,
ministration. And this Governor, who set the >
whole authority of the Federal power at defiance, :
is retained there to fester and rot down the fabric j
of a new State in its inftncy, and to make a bur-
lesque of the power that made him. I want just
to enter my protest against this business. I think :
the Government ought to respect its authority in ;
the Territories. I believe the Government ought ;
to respect the common sensibilities of civilized life -
in the functionaries it places over that govern- I
ment. I believe the Government, instead of at- j
tempting, by its own act, to disgrace these very j
men, ought to have sent them back with a force '
sufficient to protect them and the majesty of the ■
Federal power there. And I think the Committee \
on Territories would not have been in fidv.mre of;
their well-known modesty, if they had reported to j
this House the suggestion that it would be well :
enough to protect the Federal Government in these |
Territories.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is truly unimpot tant !
for any purpose, except, perhaps, to place myself ;
right, that I should make the short statement I
which I propose to make. I did propose in the
Committee on Territories to change the existing
things in Utah. 1 proposed to place power suffi-
cient in the hands of the Administration to exe-
cute the laws there. That proposition failed in
the committee in consequence of a tie vote. My
proposition was this: I did not feel called upon to
propose to send an armed force there. It was to
make the marshal summon juries, and thus place
in the power of the appointing power here the
means oy which the law could be executed, we
having the appointment of the Governor, mar-
shal, judges, and all the officers there, and when-
ever that officer, in the discharge of his duties,
was arrested, the power of the Government could
be brought to bear to execute its laws.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If my colleague [Mr. Cart-
teh] will permit me, I wish to say a word or two.
I feel very much deterred, Mr. Chairman, in ma-
king any particular remarks concerning the mo-
rality of Utah. I had some very strange senations
come over me while my colleague has been allud-
ing to certain usages in Utah in regard to that
government. If I understand him, he objects to
the morality of the Utah Governor, and alludes to
a plurality of women.
A Voice. Wives.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, not wives. Within
the last few days, Mr. Chairman, we have seen
here in this city, in a leading print, notice given
of an accomplished and handsome ladies' inaid to
be sold for money. To that my colleague takes
no exception.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon,
I must 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to go through upon
this question very much.
Mr. CARTTER. I cannot see the application
of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague will see the
application when I get through. I know my col-
league [Mr. Cautteu] agrees with me in senti-
ment.
Mr. CARTTER. I cannot consent to yield
the tloor, after the committee has treated the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Wasiiburn] as it has,
in excluding irrelevant matter from the debate
upon this bill. I submit that I would be doing
injustice to the committee to yield the floor for
detailed remarks upon any other subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am not going into details.
It is only to great principles that I intend to allude.
Mr. CARTTER. Very well, I have but a few
remarks to make, and the result of all this is  
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I understand my col-
league not to permit me to make the explanation
winch I desire?
Mr. CARTTER. I will permit my colleague
to mnke any explanation pertinent to the subject
under consideration, with great pleasure, as he
well knows.
Mr. GIDDINGS.
pose I am the judge.
Mr. CARTTER.
Of that pertinency I sup-
Rather than to he put in a
false position, or rather the committee, in reference
to an arbitrary objection, I will yield for his ex-
planation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It does appear to me that
this question of the morality of that western peo-
| pie does not come legitimately before us. 1 pro-
i test against it. It is no part of our purpose here
i to investigate the morality of this distant people.
| I am acquainted with that people. J know what
! they were formerly. I was acquainted with many
! of their leaders, and I am, perhaps, in my capacity
| as a citizen, united with my colleague in the view
i which he takes of the morality of their habits and
| customs. But, sir, it is well known that here,
j things far transcending anything ever witnessed in
! Utah, are permitted by our own organization and
! by our own laws and authority—that here women
' are reared for market 
1 Mr. CARTTER. I cannot submit to this gen-
! era! discussion.
I Mr. GIDDINGS. And I protest that while we
| are beholding such practices here- 
t Mr. CARTTER. I take the responsibility of
I resuming the floor. I was going to remark, in
I reference to this question be'ween the Admmistra-
' lion and the Governor of Utah, that we are re-
j dueed to this precise result, that the Governor
i there has set the Republic and its functionaries at
■ defiance, and the Administration here has yielded
! to it, and Brigham Young is now in sovereign
power in Utah, and to all this exhibition of insult
and open defiance we are in submission. Now,
that is the present attitude of the Government in
its connection with Utah, and it is a humiliating
result.
The only member of the court sent out to Utah
that remained, was a Mormon«and he pronounced
the legal decision—if the papers published it cor-
rectly—that a murder committed within the Terri-
tory of Utah, was a murder committed beyond the
jurisdiction of the United States.
I do not understand that he has been removed.
I mean Mr. Snow, and I believe another Mormon
judge has been added to the list. A government
in open outrage upon your Government, a Coun-
cil or Legislature elected in defiance of the terri-
torial organization, and a court pronouncing them
beyond the jurisdiction of the United States!
Now, sir, I blush to acknowledge the humiliation
forced upon the Government under these circum-
stances. I look upon the plurality of their wives
as the least of the evils, and that is enough to make
a Sodom of Salt Lake City. It is the disrespect
and defiance in this Territory of the power of this
Government, that we are appointed here to pro-
tect, that constitute the chief evil in the manifes-
tation of their conduct; and instead of making it
necessary for these judges to have appealed to this
House to be paid their salaries, tne Executiye
- ought firmly to have met it, and sent with them
I a guard to meet the treason,openly avowed.in the
| Territory from which they were driven. That is
{ what should have been done—that would have
j been the Andrew Jackson way of doing it—and
J you would have heard no more, about this con-
] tempt of authority. We would have had a report
from the Committee on the Territories—they
would have been disposed to make one.
Mr. STUART. I did not hear what the gen-
tleman said some time ago, which called out the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, as J
was engaged at the time.
i Mr. CARTTER. My remark was that a due
1 respect for the well-known modesty of the com-
| mittee- 
| Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Ohio
] just stated that, under other circumstances, the
! Committee on Territories would have made a re-
! port to this House. Now, sir, if the gentleman
j will allow me, I would like to state, in a very few
, words, what I think is tl e truth in regard to this
i matter, and not in reference to the domestic affairs
! theie at all, because I have listened to the gentle-
| man with considerable patience, to see what his
I argument had to do with the business now under
i consideration 
Mr. CARTTER. I have listened to the gentle-
! man long enough, with patience.
! Mr. STUART. I will state what the Commit-
i tee on Territories have done. They have pro-
j posed by this 
i Mr. CARTTER. I know what the committee
| have done. They have reported that bill propo-
J sing to repeal the payment, or the forfeiture, as
; they call it, by which thev avoid the responsibility
I of speaking loud and plain upon the subject. That
i may not be the purpose, but it is whispered that
i as the Administration would take no responsibility
j about this matter, there had better be no responsi-
; bility taken in this House over the matter. That
j is what is whispered about, but I understand from
I the chairman 
j Mr. RICHARDSON. Not upon the question
i of pay, but on another question.
Mr. STUART. When the gentleman gets
through, we will be permitted to state what is the
condition of things. I can state it plainly, if I
! have an opportunity.
j Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman will be much
! more intelligible if he succeeds in doing it than he
i would be in the construction of the law; for the
! construction of the law provides no forfeiture.
! What is our duty as a House? My judgment is
i that it is to refer this subject back to the Commit-
• tee on Territories, and to instruct them, under their
> discretion and wisdom, to report a measure to pro-
, tect the sovereignty of this Republic in that Ter-
i ritory, and to set \ iolence, defiance, and treason
 . at rest there; or not to close this Congress with-
!' out an acknowledgment that Brigham Young is
j, more potent within the jurisdiction of the United
I: States than the Constitution and its functionaries.
!| I hope this may be done, or at least we may draw
)i out some of the apologists for the conduct of this
