502
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, praying compensa-
tion for damages and losses sustained by reason of the sus-
pension by f& Government of a contract therein set forth.
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition of William Frost
and others, assistant marshals, praying for increased com-
pensation.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana! The project of a law,
drawn up under'the instructions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New Orleans, relative to steam boilers and inspect-
ors of steam boilers.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of A. F. StockweU and
others, praying Congress to grant a portion of the public
lands for the extension of the Mobile and Chicago railroad.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The petition of John B. King,
praying compensation for his inventions and improvement^
used by the Government of the United States at Harper's
Ferry.
By Mr. DUNCAN : The petition of Homer Bartlett and
others, for an appropriation of money to the executive com-
mittee for the Industrial Exhibition at London, to relieve
them from the expenses incurred in the display of articles
from the United States.
By Mr. APPLETON, of Massachusetts: The memorial
of the city of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, call-
ing tire attention of Congress to the situation of the harbor
that place.
l y Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of certain persons, pray-
ing for the pa^sagf of an act toincorpuiate the Washington
City Watrn-Company.
By the SPEAKER: A statement relative to the manner
of paying the compensation of the members and ofiicns of
the two Houses of Congress.
Also, the petition of merchants and others, of the city of
Philadelphia, asking for an improvement of the navigation
around the Falls of the Ohio, by the construction of an ad-
ditional canal.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 7,1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
zens of Mount Morris, New York, remonstrating
against an extension of C. H. McCormick's patent
for a reaping machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SHIELDS presented documents m support
of the claim of the widow of Brevet Major J. P.
O'Brien, late of the United Slates Army, for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, the petiton of Ilufus L. Baker, of the Ord-
nancc Corps, praying to be allowed the difference
of pay between the grades of captain and major,
during- the time he performed the duties of the lat-
ter grade; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of the
Board of Supervisors of Columbia county, Wis-
consin, praying that thE mihtary reserve at Fort
Winnebago may be granted to the State for the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the general con-
sent of the Senate to take up the bill providing for
the repair of the old Congressional Library.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to its
consideration.
11 provides that the sum of $72,500 be appropria-
ted to repan the Congressional Library room, which
was lately destroyed by fire, according to the plan
desciibed iti the report and drawings which were
submitted by the Architect to the Secretary of the
Intel ior, and apptoved by the Committee on Public
Buildings of tiie Senate; provided, however, that
the work shall be executed under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, and be subject to
such a modification of the details as may be con-
sistent with the general arrangement of the plan,
and necessary and proper m the opinion of the
President of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say a very few words
in regard to the bill. * It provides only for fhe re-
pair of the old Library room, which we hope to
have fitted up and ready for use by the middle of
May. it is an object which is very anxiously
desired by members of both Houses of Congress,
that we should have it fitted up as soon as possible.
i [ie,rj°?m according to its old dimensions,
i hold in my hand a drawing of a vertical section
of it. As jt is proposed, it is to consist of three
stones and an alcove, surmounted above by ho-ht
iron £ral eries, the whole to be crowned by a skv-
hpit the entire length of it. It is proposed to
rnafve it fire-proof, and that the only material used
shall be non, I believe that is a general descrip-
tion of the room.- If Senators are anxious to
look farther into it, they will find a complete de-
scription in the report of the Architect, which was
submitted to the Committee'on Public Buildings.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
BILL PASSED.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell, of Missouri, was read a third time and
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and if there is no objection ask
for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to in-
form the Senate whether all the claims, winch wore exhib-
ited to the late " Boaid of Commissioners on claims against
Mexico," were finally adjudicated; and also whether the
sum designated m the treaty was adequate to the lull pay-
ment of the sums found due.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
, Mr. BRODHEAD. I will, in a very few words,
state the reasons why I have submitted the reso-
lution, and why, in my judgment, it should be
adopt^fl. It is stated that there is a balance of
forty-odd thousand dollars remaining in the Treas-
ury, after paying all the claims which have been
found to be due by this Board. This balance, al-
leged to be now in the Treasury, is claimed by the
Mexican Government, or rather has been assigned
to a Mexican citizen, who has presented to the
Senate a claim for it. The whole amount appro-
priated to meet the claims was three millions and
a quarter. The Board of Commissioners adjudged
all the claims, as is alleged, and now it is stated
that there is a balance of forty-odd thousand dollars
remaining in the Treasury.
The Committee of Claims desire to know—and
it is also important for the Senate to know—
whether all the claims presented against Mexico,
on the part of this Government or of its citizens,
have been finally adjudicated and passed upon by
the Board; and we can only obtain that informa-
tion from the Secretary of State. I hope, there-
fore, the resolution will be adopted.
The resolution was adopted.
SALT SPRINGS IN IOWA.
On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committee of
the Whole, the bill to relinquish to the'State of
Iowa the lands reserved for salt springs therein;
and no amendment being made it was reported to
the Senate and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
RELIEF OF SOLDIERS' WIDOWS.
On the motion of Mr. BORLAND, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill to revive a portion of an act for
the relief of the widows of deceased soldiers; and
on \m motion it was further postponed until Mon-
day next.
CONTRACTS FOR MAILS.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
t Rcsohed, That the Secietary of the Navy and Postmaster
Gcue«al he iffjuosted to furnish Congress with copies of all
contiar-ts originally made and at present existing for the
ti aiu-poi ration or' the mails between New York and Cali-
fornia l>.\ Miram.'hip* on the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
amkall mfoummon they possess in regard thereto; what
ainajppt been paid, and to whom ; what amount 13 now
paid, and to whom, foi the transitu! the minis across the
I-tlmm* of Panama, in connection with said steamship ser-
vice ; the gioss amount of money that has been paid under
each service; when such contracts commenced; in what
sums and at what periods of tune p.iid, and to whom each
payment has been made; whether at such periods as ex-
pi eased under the terms of said contracts or otherwise • the
amount of service icndered, and by what vessels; how
olten they arrive and depart; what time has been and is
now occupied in the carnage of the mails between said
ports; whether all the vessels stipulated under said con-
tracts to be built have been so built, or what portion of
them ; whether, iftvvn 01 three of the five ships contracted to
be built under *asd contracts were not so built, but other
vessels engaged in independent lines united with the vessels
ot the Government eontiaetors, thus foimmgone hue; each
of the parties, howevei, owning their own vessels, and in
that manner answering the terms of the contracts to build
said five ■ship's? \Viiethei other facilities exist lor peiform-
ing the or a Mimlar  erviee, and if other propositions
have been made, and upon whatteims, to perform said ser-
vice, and within what periods of time?
THE EXILED IRISH PATRIOTS.
At one o'clock the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration ot the special order, viz: the resolution
submitted by Mr. Foofe, of Mississippi, on the
2d of December last, in these words;
Joint Resolution expressive of the sympathy of Congress for
the exiled Irish-patriots, Smith O'Brien and Thomas F.
Meagher, and their associates.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United S'tates of •America in Congress assembled?
That in consideration of the general sympathy felt by the
people of the United States for Smith O'Brien, Thomas F.
Meagher, and their immediate associates, exiled Irish patri-
ots, and the warm sympathies felt by the countrymen of
these distinguished sufferers, who have become adopted
citizens of the United States, the President of the United
States be requested to authorize a correspondence to be
opened with the Government of her Majesty the Queen of
Great Butain, appealing to the magnanimity of the British
Government and people in their behalf, and respectfully re-
questing the liberation of these peisouages from their present
confinement, with an offer to receive them upon the hospi-
table shores of the United States.
On Thursday, the 29th of January, Mr. Shields
submitted the following amendment; which is the
pending question:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
" That while we disclaim all intention of inteifering in
any way m the internal affairs of the Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, we deem it our duty to expiess, in a
respectful manner, our firm conviction that it would he
highly gratifying to the people of the United States, many
ot whom are natives of Ireland, and connected by blood
with the inhabitants of that country, to see Smith O'Brien
and his associates restored to liberty, and permitted, if so
disposedj to emigrate to this country. We would regard
thi& act of clemency as a new proot of the frieinlJy deposi-
tion of the But'sh Government towaids our Republic, and
a* calculated to strengthen the bonds of affection now hap-
pily existing between the people of the United States and
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland."
Mr. SHIELDS addressed the Senate at some
length in support of his proposition. A report of
his speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to suggest to the con-
sideration of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
who has favored us with a very eloquent,-and
I hope very influential argument, in favor of the
passage of this resolution, some amendments to
his amendment, which, if he will give me his at-
tention, I will read. They are to strike out, in
the fourth line of the printed amendment the word
" respectful," and insert the word "courteous;"
in the same line, strike out the word "convic-
tion," and insert the word "opinion;" in the
j ninth and tenth lines, strike out the words " we
would regard this act of clemency," and insert
" this act of clemency would be regarded;" so as
to make the amendment read:
" That while we disclaim all intention of interfering in
anyway in the internal affairs of the kingdom of Great
Biitain and Ireland, we deem it our duty to express, in a
couiteous manner, our firm opinion that it would be highly
gratifying to the people of the United States, many of whom
are natives of Ireland, and connected by blood with the in-
habitants of that country, to sfie Smith O'Brien and his
associates restored to liberty, and permitted, if so disposed,
to emigrate to this country. And that this act of clemency
would be regarded as a new proof of the friendly disposi-
tion of the British Government towards our Republic, and as
calculated to strengthen the bonds of affection now happily
existing between the people of the United States and of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
I have a few words to gay upon these amend-
ments, and also upon the resolution itself. I will
be governed by the preference of the Senate, as to
whether I shall proceed now or at a future time.
Several Senators expressed a desire to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, therefore, that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to and the Senate ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.;
Monday, February 9, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting;, m compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 4th instant, a report from the
, Chief Engineer, that a communication from the
j Board ot Engineer officers for the Pacific coast, ad-
dressed to the Engineer Department on the 28th of
October last, recommended that Congress be asked
to appropriate not less than $500,000 for the
commencement of fortifications at San Francisco;
which was read, and ordered to be laid on the table
and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of December 13, 1815, sixty-two copies of the
official Army Register for the year 3852, for the
use of the Senate; which was read, and ordered to
be laid oa the table.
