1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a memorial of the Legislature of Alabama,
praying: that the citizens of thai State may be in-
demnified for losses sustained during the Indian
hostilities in 1836 and 1837; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of assistant
marshals, in Licking county; a memorial of as-
sistant marshals in Perry county; and a memorial
of assistant marshals in Wade county, in the
State of Ohio, for taking the Seventh Census,
praying additional compensation; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented resolutions adopted at
a meeting of the inhabitants of the town of Na-
poleon, Ripley county, Indiana, recommending
the passage of a law providing for a division of
the Indian territory lying southwestwardly of the
Missouri river, and for defining the boundaries of
the Territory of Nebraska; also, making provis-
ions for the removal of certain tribes of Indians
from that Territory, and for the settlement of the
public lands lying therein, to which the Indian
title has been extinguished; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
£ii favor of an appropriation of the vacant public
lands within the Vmcennes land district for the
benefit of common schools; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
in favor of the location of a national armory at
Evansville, in that State; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
in favor of the construction of a canal around the
Falls of the Ohio river; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
in favor of restricting the entry of the public lands
to settlers, and to them only, in limited quanti-
ties, and at the cost merely of the survey and
patent; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of journey-
men cigar makers at Detroit, Michigan, praying
an increase of the duties on cigars; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of G-uilford, Illinois,
praying the adoption of measures for the amicable
adjustment of international controversies; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
uons,
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of J. H.
Carter, a passed midshipman in the Navy, pray-
ing arrearages of pay and the reimbursement of
expenses incurred at Rio de Janeiro, while de-
tained there by sickness; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present the
petition of Richard M. Bouton, of the State of
jSTew York. He says that in the year 1842, he
was employed by the Commissary of Ordnance to
manufacture percussion caps for the use of the
Army; that from that time until the present he has
diligently devoted himself to that task; that he
found there was not either in this country or in
Europe any efficient machine, which was self-
operating, for that purpose; that he has invented
and perfected such a machine; that the articles
which are the production of it are now in use in
the Army and Navy of the United States; that they
are made with greater economy than, and are of
vastly superior quality to, any other; and that it is
the interest of the Government of the United States
to secure to itself a property in the invention. He
oresents an application to the Senate to take the
subject into their consideration. It is supported
by "letters from Colonel Baker; a late Secretary of
War, Mr. Marcy; the Chief Engineer of the Navy
Yard; and others. In compliance with his request,
I move that the memorial and accompanying pa-
pers be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
They were so referred.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
a body of Hungarian refugees, settled in Scott
county, Iowa, praying that they may be included
in any measure of relief which Congress may pass
for the benefit of their brethren at New Buda, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DAYIS presented the memorial of C. G.
Baylor, United States Consul at Amsterdam, Hoi- li bill for his relief.
iand, representing that the fees accruing from the
office of Consul at that place, are wholly insuf-
ficient, and praying to be allowed a salary; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of manufacturers of lasts, at
Boston, praying that the bill giving further reme-
dies to patentees may become a law; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr, HAMLIN presented the petition of Elliot
F. Penney, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of -citizens of
Sharon, Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying an
avowal by Congress of the principle of " interven-
tion for non-intPrvention,"as a portion of thepub-
lic law of nations. Ordered to he on the table.
Mr. FELCH presented four petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying a donation of iand to that
State, for the construction ofThe Oakland and Ot-
tawa Railroad; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN. I present the memorial of James
' M. Crane, praying additional compensation for
1 publishing the acts of Congress for 1849-'50, in
the California Courier, a newspaper publhhed by
him in California, and that some general provision
maybe made for giving adequate compensation to
the newspaper press in that State for publishing
the laws of the United States. I will state, in
! presenting this petition, that the present compen-
* sation for publishing the laws there is entirely in-
adequate. During the last summer, I was applied
to on numerous occasions for copies of the laws.
They never can be published there unless there is
an additional compensation. As the question is
important, in connection with the Judiciary sys-
tem, I move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. GWIN also presented the petition of Sam-
uel Stone and Isaac H. Marks, praying compen-
sation for property of which they were dispos-
sessed under an Indian treaty; which was leferred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claims of ChaiJes Iteeder, Walter it. John-
son, and the legal iopre--<mtaf«veb of Thomas P. Jones, be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordeied, Thai the document^ on the of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Pha'be Morns, widow of Robeit H.
Moms, to a pension, be tefened to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph M. Hernandez, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to tue Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the repiesentatives of
Jean Bupti^le dp Lomagne, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Oidcred, That, the petition of Jonathan Lewis, and the
documents relating to the claim of Theodore E. Elliott, on
the files of the Senate, be rcferiod to the Committee on
Indian A (fairs.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That William W. Chew have leave to with-
draw his memorial and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of David L. Da-
vis, submitted an adverse report; which was lead.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following bills from the House
of Representatives, reported them back without
amendment:
An act for the relief of Albra Tripp;
An act for the relief of Joseph Johnson;
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodgett; and
An act for the payment of arrears of pension to
the guardian of Artemas Conant.
consideration of the petition.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Jacob Young, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief.
Mr. GEYER, from the CommitteeonPensions,
to which was referred the memorial of Robert
Armstrong, submitted a report, accompanied by a
The bill was read* and passed to the second
reading* and the report was ordered to be.printed
tie also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Samuel Spalding, submitted
an adverse report; which was read.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James Carrigan, sub*
mitted a report; and, in concurrence therewith,
the committee were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
Mr, JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Jacob Young, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Margaret Farror, reported a bill for her relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the documents relating to the claim of
Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas Rogers, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Subsequently, on the motion of Mr. ATCHI-
SON, the bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and its further consideration was post-
poned indefinitely, the bill having been passed at ^
the last session. <  
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private ■
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorial
of J. Epes Cowan, reported a bill authorizing the
legal representatives of Antoine Vasquez, Hypo-
lite Yasquez, Joseph Vasquez, and John Colli-
gan, to enter certain lands in Missouri; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Martin Fenwick, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Martin Fenwick or
his legal representatives; which was read and
passed to the second rending.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Piint-
ing, to which was referred the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Douglas, the 5th instant, to print five
thousand five hundred additional copies of the re-
port of Captain H. Stansbury, of his exploration
of the valley of the Great Salt Lake, for the use
of the Senate, live hundred copies thereof to be fur-
nished to theTopographieal Bureau, three hundred
to the Smithsonian Institution, and two hundred
copies to Captain Stansbury, recommended the
adoption of the resolution, and it was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. KELCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leav* to introduce & bill to authorize the sale of
certain reserved lands.
ENGROSSED BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill to relinquish to the State of Iowa the lands
reserved for salt springs therein*, and
A bill to provide for the repair of the Congres-
sional Library room, lately destroyed by tire.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. For^ky, their Clerk, was received:
Mr. President: The House ot Representatives have
parsed the bill to make land w.inants assignable, with
amendments ; m which they request the ooneuirenceof the
Senate.
CASH & ELLIS.
Mr. DAWSON. A hill for the relief of David
C. Cash and Giles U. Ellis, was rejected by the
Senate on Friday last. At the request of some
of the friends of that bill, I move to reconsider
the vote by which it was rejected.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
KAIUROADS IN IOWA.
The PRESIDENT. The first general order
is a bill granting the right of way arjd making a
grant of land to the State of Iowa, in aid of the
construction of certain raihoads in that State.
This bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the question pending is on an
amendment offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from len-
nessee [Mr. Be£l] had the floor when that bill
was last under discussion. He is not now m his
