1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
that the committee did conceive that a change was
necessary. I may as well state here, tlmt in a por-
tion of the Territories the law as it now exists
can be evaded. A judge from Minnesota can lie
absent fifty-nine days, then go back, and it does
not affect him. He can thus absent himself nearly
the entire year by getting back within the limited
period of sixty days. The officers of the other
Territories cannot do so. As to the objection
raised by the gentleman, that if you leave this
matter with the President of the United States, a
political influence can be brought to bear, causing
him to make an improper official statement, I
think it is sufficiently met when we say that we
commit to his hands great interests belonging to
the Government with which we are w illing to trust
him. Yet gentlemen are not willing to trust him
with the duty of making an official certificate in
relation to the performance of duty by the judges.
Mr. PHELPS. As to the last answer of the
gentleman, I have this to say, that the President
shall officially certify his opinion, according to the
provisions of this amendment, that the absence
of such officer has been for good and sufficient
cause. We know in regard to these certificates,
and for the purpose of obtaining them, that legal
evidence will not be presented. It will be based
on letters of gentlemen who desire to benefit their
friends. Perhaps the gentleman making the state-
ments may not believe it would be beneficial to
the interests of the Territory that the judge should
absent himself, but that the private business of the
officer would call him from the Territory for
some time; perhaps the plea of ill health may
be used in order to justify an absence. The
writers of such letters will care nothing for the
interests of the people of the Territories, and the
letters will express more than they would be willing
to verify by their oaths. The President will per-
haps give too great credence to it. Aye, both
may overstrain (he mark, the gentleman in making
the statement, and the President in basing his cer-
tificate upon it. In reply to the remark of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] that
officers might evade this law by being absent fifty-
nine days, I know that this may occur; and I pre-
sume that the person who drafted this provision
in the civil and diplomatic bill had reference to
laws already existing upon your statute-books,
which provided that the salaries of Indian agents
shall not he paid during thetime they absent them-
selves from the discharge of their official duties,
provided that absence shall be for more than sixty
days. Many of these agents live directly upon the
borders of the State, where they may absent them-
selves fifty-nine days, as the gentleman himself has
supposed, and still, if they are not absent sixty days
at any one time from their posts, they are entitled
to their salaries during the whole peuod of time.
We have that provision upon our statute-book.
If K be right to modify the law applicable to the
officers of the Territories, I ask, if it is not right
to change the law relating to Indian agents? I
know it is not a matter under the jurisdiction of
fhp onmmitfpp
Mr. RICHARDSON. That question oflndian
affairs has not engaged our attention. I will state
to the^entlemari, i believe it is necessary that this
provision of the law should be made applicable to
all the officers of the Government of the United
States; that you should keep them at their posts,
and at their duty. I do not know how an Indian
agent can transact the business connected with his
agency by spending the winter in Washington.
I understand that this is done in many instances.
Mr. STUART. J wish to make a suggestion,
which the gentlemen of our committee will recol-
lect. This very subject of the Indian agents was
bioughtto our attention, and we decided that it
was a subject with which the Committee on the
Territories had nothing to do.
Mr. PHELPS. I only referred to it by way of
illustration, not as a matter over which you had
control or jurisdiction. If it be the object of the
gentleman to change the law, and make it bet-
ter, why not then do, as is the wish of the dele-
gation from some of the Territories upon this
fioor, and forfeit the salary of the officers during
the whole year, if they shall absent themselves?
The Territory of Oregon has suffered materially
in consequence of the absence of their judges. I
recollect, not long since, seeing the statement of
the length of judicial service performed bv the
three judges. I believe that, in some eighteen
months, or two years, there should have been from
four to six years of judicial service, counting the
three judges as one, and that Territory had only
about one year's service of her entire judiciary.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The difficulty that has
been suggested by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] has been suggested by several gen-
tlemen, I wish to reply to it; and if I am able to
do so, I will endeavor to satisfy those gentlemen.
They think the difficulty arises in this way. The
judges receive their salaries quarterly 
Mr. PHELPS. Such is the law.
Mr.RICHARDSON. Suppose an officer draws
three quarters of his salary, and then leaves the
Territory. There is a method by which we can
reach this matter by amending: the bill; and that
is, when an officer leaves the Territory, let it work
a forfeiture of his office. That is one way in
which you can frame a law to meet the case sup-
posed by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] where a judge receives three quarters of
his salary, and, at the end of nine, ten, or eleven
months, absents himself and retains his salary.
Adoptan amendment providing that in such acase
it shall work a forfeiture of his office, and no eva-
sion will be attempted.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 think myself, there is no ne-
cessity for any amendment. I think there is no
necessity of any legislation upon the subject. I am
endeavoring to show that we should be in as much
perplexity after the passage of the bill as amended
by the Committee on the Territories, as we are
now. We are to make this measure carry through
abill to pay these judicial officers. In my humble
opinion, we should never have heard of this bill
if it had not been that one of the provisions of the
bill sent down to us from the Senate, expressly
provides that the salaries of officers which have
been heretofore withheld by virtue of that provis-
ion in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
shall be paid to them, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding. That was the legislation in the
other branch of the Capitol, and that is why we
are asked to pass this bill.
Mr.RICHARDSON. My own opinion is, that
by lodging the power in the hands of the Executive,
you would have more uniformity m the decisions
than you would have if you left it to Congress to
pass bills for the relief of each particular officer
who has to leave the Territory, and 1 apprehend
that in some instances, it is necessary for them to
leave. Now, we all know that it is not always
the most meritorious claims that pass Congress
first, or at all. Kissing goes a good deal by favor
here, in the passage of claims.
Mr. PHELPS. The officer absenting himself
from the Territory, should forfeit his office. 1 be-
lieve the President of the United States has exer-
cised the power of removing the judge of a Terri-
tory. If I am not mistaken, he exercised it not
long since in the Territory of Minnesota. When,
therefore, you find a judicial officer pursuing the
course suggested by the gentleman from Illinois,
and absenting himself repeatedly—remaining in
the Territory barely a sufficient length of time to
prevent his salary being stopped—there is a
method by which that evil can be reached Let
the Executive do his duty—remove the officer,
and appoint in his place some man who is willing
to reside at the post assigned to him, and perform
the duties of his office. I do not believe that in
selecting officers for these Territories, it is right
to send out broken-down politicians from the
States, and pension them upon the Treasury of
the United States—men who have no sympathies
with the people of the Territories, an3 who do
not stay there except for the purpose of drawing
their salaries. I was speaking just now of the
fact that the Executive has removed a judicial
officer of the Territory of Minnesota; and, if I
mistake not, the nomination of his successor is
now pending at the other end of the Capitol. I
do not expect, if you provide for the forfeiture of
office, it will entirely cure the evil. If it be the
construction that these officers are judees of the
United States, and must hold their offices for a
period of four years, or during good behavior, the
insertion of this provision in the bill that they
shall be removed from office on this account, does
not remove the constitutional objection, and there-
fore the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois is nugatory, and cannot be adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON, I will state to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that when this question of
! the power of the Executive to remove was mooted
| in the Territorial Committee, there was no diffi-
culty about it. He has the power, and he has
exercised the power, but you cannot compel him
to exercise it. You may, however, provide by
law that the officer, by doing a particular act,
shall forfeit his office. The power to remove can
still be exercised by the Executive. We did not
deem it necessary, however, to provide for a for-
feiture of office.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I understand that the
gentleman from Illinois concedes that the Execu-
tive has the power to remove these territorial
judges.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. PHELPS. But yet, the gentleman is will-
ing to let these judges absent themselves, and to
leave it to the President to decide whether they
shall receive their salaries during the time of their
absence. He says that the existing law, the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, is objectionable,
because the officer may leave the Territory, and
be absent fifty-nine days, returning in time to pre-
vent his salary being stopped, and that the Presi-
dent will not discharge his duty by removing the
officer who thus seeks to evade the law of the land.
Now, I am for the existing law. I want no new
law passed upon this subject. At any rate, i want
none in the form of the provisions now presented.
1 know nothing of the difficulties which h*#e
arisen in regard to the payment of these Utah offi-
cers. My impression is. that they were only in
the Territory some two or three weeks, and that
their salaries did not commence until they reached
Utah. 1 doubt, myself, whether any of these
judges have made application to the accounting
officers of the Treasury for the payment of their
salary for those few weeks. If the accounting
officers of the Treasury have made the decision in
this case, which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Stuart] has stated, J should like very much
to see that decision. Did the gentleman make the
statement merely upon rumor, or has he seen the
decision ?
Mr. STUART. I will state to the gentleman
that all I know about the decision of the Depart-
ment is what I have been informed of. I have no
certificate from them.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman say he
has no information from them ?
Mr. STUART. The gentleman's question, as
I understand it, is whether I know that the ac-
counting officers have decided that this proviso
forfeits the salary for the year.
Mr. PHELPS. I understood the gentleman to
have received some information on the subject.
Mr. STUART. I said that I understood it from
conversation.
Mr. PHELPS. From rumor?
Mr. STUART. No; from the officers them-
selves.
M[r. GORMAN. I can say to the gentleman
from Missouri, that I am the attorney for one of
the judges in New Mexico in drawing his salary,
and know all about what the Department have
decided. They require the gentleman from New
Mexico [Mr. Weightman] and myself, to cer-
tify, from information and correspondence, that
the judge to whom I allude—Judge Watts—has
not&een out of the Territory for the length of time
specified in that appropriation bill—sixty days.
They require that proof, and they have decided
that absence exceeding that time forfeits the year's
Mr. PHELPS. That decision I do not approve
of. I do not concur in the opinion of the account-
ing officers. But I do not think it necessary to
legislate in every instance where the decision of the
accounting officers may be wrong.
Mr. HENN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, whether the salaries are paid
quarterly?
Mr. GORMAN. The accounting officers pay
me quarterly, upon the drafts of Judge Watts.
Mr. PHELPS. The laws establishing the ter-
ritorial governments of Utah and New Mexico,
provide that the salaries of the governor, the
judges, and the secretary, shall be paid quarterly.
Mr. STUART. I propose to state, in a few
words, in reply to the gentleman from Missouri,
why the Committee on Territories think that legis-
lation is necessary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I dislike to
