2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
least it will be opened. It ia necessary that the
United States should conform to this lawj un-
less the authorities pass a law exempting that
property from taxation; for there is no reason
why the people of the district of Moyamensing;, in
which this Naval Asylum is located, should, be
taxed for the benefit of the United States Govern-
ment- "We ask that there may be an appropria-
tion to protect the property of the United States,
and weask that the United States shall makesuch
appropriation. . ^  
Mr. STUART. Do I understand the gentle-
raah from Pennsylvania to be advocating; an ap-
propriation for opening a street through the lands
of the United States, and for paving it after-
wards?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir, it is not.
Mr. STUART. Is this street laid out?
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot answer whether it
is or not.
Mr. STUART. Is there any authority of law
which authorizes the appropriation ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I think there is; but I am
not prepared to answer at this time whether the
street is already laid out or not. If it is not, it is
the intention that it soon shall be.
Mr. HIBBARD. I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to say that the United States
Government are now obliged to open and pave this
street
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not say any such
thing*.
Mr. HIBBAXID. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman. .
Mr. FLORENCE. I said no such thing. I
said when streets were opened by'the side of any
property—the.south wide of property—its owners
must provide for' curbing and paving the street;
ami I submit this amendment, because such a
provision will be necessary. I submit this prop-
osition seriously to the consideration of the com-
mittee, and [ would be unfaithful to the trust re-
posed in me if 1 did not, in my humble manner, '
protect, as far as I could, the interests of my con- ,
stituents. I really am aconscientious man. I come
hereto perforin my duty, I ask that justice shall be
done us by this IIou.se, and by every member
upon this lioor. I a^ure this committee that the
appropriation I ask is a necessary and proper one.
I am responsible personally for any declaration
whatever I may make here.
Mr. WALSH, if the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that in all such cases as the one to
which he alludes, I think the Supreme Court has
decided that the Ic<ral authorities shall have power
to levy taxes. They have decided that prop-
erty over winch theTjnitcd States have jurisdic-
tion shall not be exempt tiom taxation. It is only
by a spccial agreement entered into with the new
States that the public lands in those States should
be exempt from taxation. All the property of the
United States, except that specially guarded by
constitutional provisions, is liable to the operation
of State laws in reference to taxation. I think
the case to which my friend from Pennsylvania
refers^ is one which dues not come under such
provision, and th* (Tuned States property, there-
fore, at that point may be taxed according to the
provisions of the Slate Uws.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
Mr. CABLLL, ot Florida. I have an amendment
which I desire to offer to the one hundred and
sixty-first bne.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. We have passed that sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. CABELL. [ know it. 1 got up as soon
as I could, but the Clerk was reading so rapidly I
that he had passed before I could get the ear of the
Chair. |
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee having j
passed that section of the bill, the gentleman can- [
not. otter his amendment except by unanimous 1
consent. j
Mr. EDGERTON. T ohiect. \
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair decides :
taat the gentleman cannot offer his amendment. i
Mr. OAbELL. I appeal from the decision, i
I tnmk under the circumstances I am entitled to j
offer it. i
. ^7 ASJ*E: 1 hoPe the gentleman will be at- |!
lowed to oa<>r it. !
I he Crl.YIRMAIV The committee havin" Ij
passed that portion of ths bill which the gentle"-I
man desires to amend, it is not in order, according |j
to the rules of the House, to return to it except
by unanimous consent. The Chair, however,
hopes, under the circumstances, that no gentleman
will object, and that the gentleman from Florida
will be allowed to offer his' amendment.
There was no objection, and
Mr. CABELL accordingly offered the follow-
ing amendment;
strike, out the words "$2,000" in line one hundred
and sixty one, and insert " $24,427," so. that the section
will read as follows:
At Pensacola, for draining and filling up ponds, and so
forth, $24,427. •
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, the Committee of
Waysand Means, of which I have already spoken,
has undertaken to reduce this estimate of $24,427
down to $2,000. This hospital at Pensacola hap-
pens to be in the State of Florida, and as I stated
before, is situated in a portion of the State where
there are not more than about 10,000 people in
that State living within sixty or one hundred
miles. The State of Florida, therefore, has but
little interest in it. It being situated at the ex-
treme western point of the State, it is nearer the
city of New Orleans than the city of Tallahasse.
So it will be seen that I am not interested in this
case to any very great extent, although, because
this hospital happens to be in a portion of my dis-
trict, I am liable to certain remarks which have
been made with reference to some of the other
public works.
But I rise now for the purpose of asking this
Committee of Ways and Means, inasmuch as I
see the House have determined that they, and
they alone, are to estimate for the House, that
they will review their decision in reference to this
item. The Committee on Naval Affairs, whose
especial duty it is to have cognizance of this par-
ticular subject, it seems, is p.ot competent to rec-
ommend to the House what ought to be done;
but this Committee of Ways and Means, who
, have charge of the Army, the Navy, the civil and
i diplomatic expenses of the Government, and of
I every other branch of the public service-, know
; better what should be done for the good of the
Navy than the Committee on Naval Affairs,
whose especial duty it is to look to that branch of
the service*
Now, I ask any member of the Committee of
Ways and Means to say to the House why it is
that this appropriation of twenty-four thousand
and odd dollars was stricken out, and $2,000 in-
serted in its place? If no sufficient reason can be
given, I shall ask that this estimate be restored.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Florida
desires to know why the Committee of Ways and
Means have reduced the estimate sent in by the
naval Department, to $2,000. I will explain to
him by stating the detailed and specific estimates
of the Department.
At Pensacola there is an estimate for a wall,
which includes the hospital building and grounds,
I and also including naval materials, of $22,487.
| The other estimate is for draining and filling up
| ponds, $2,000. The latter estimate the committee
; retained m the bill; but the other, which thecom-
j mittee believed wholly unnecessary at the present
time, was stricken out. If it would tend to pro-
j vide for the comfort of the sick, or tend at all to
j provide for the health of those so unfortunate to (
be confined in the naval hospital, I am sure every j
member of this committee would vote to restore !
it; and if the Committee of Ways and Means I
had believed it would so provide, they would have '
embraced it in their recommendation.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman .from Flor-
ida, and some other gentlemen, have alluded
to these recommendations made by the Naval
Committee. Now, I should like to have some
gentlemen show what authority they have for
making these recommendations. The rule under
which they are authorized to act, provides that
they shall take into consideration such matters
relative to the naval establishment as are referred
to them by the House. Now, the estimates of
the Department for maintaining and carrying on
the Navy have never been referred to the Naval
Committee by the House at all.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I will state to the
gentleman from Indiana, that that portion of the
President's message which relates to the Navy,
is always referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs by the House.
The question was then taken on theamendment
offered by Mr. Cabell, of Florida) and it wets
not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proposed the
following amendment as-a_separate section:
Be it further enacted, fyc , That it shall be lawful to ap-
point and commission eight surgeons and ten assistant sur-
geons in the Navy, in addition to the numbers now author-
ized by law in those grades ; and also, to. enlist and employ
in the naval service, in addition to the marines- now au-
thorized by law, forty sergeants, forty corporate, twenty -
drummers, twenty fifers, and five hundred privates: Pro-
vided, That a number of ordinary seamen and landsrtieft,
equal to this addition, shall be dispensed with, if the same
can be done without injury to the service.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel bound to raise a ques-
tion of order for the consideration of the Chair.
That amendment, if I understand it, proposes to
change the laws entirely in regard to the class of
seamen referred to in theamendment. It proposes
to dispense with some, and to create others, under
a law not now in existence*
' Mr. STANTON. I will remark that my atten-
tion was called to this subject by a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy, urging the necessity of
these changes I have not had an opportunity to
present it to the Committee on Naval Affairs, but
1 deemed it a matter of respect to the Secretary of
the Navy to present the amendment. I have no
doubt of the necessity of the amendment.
I should like to have the letters read, if it is the
pleasure of gentlemen fe but if it is not> t am
not disposed to trespass upon the time of the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regards this
amendment as falling within the rule of order laid
down, and therefore decides it out of order*
Mr. STANTON; Its object is th'e carrying on
the naval s'erVice.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regards it as
a proposition for increasing the naval force.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Sec—. jindbeit further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authouzed to pay.
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, a sund not exceeding $10,0u0, for the putclia^e of
ouC thousand copie&of the wuik on the " N.ivui Dry-docks
ofthe United State?/' (by the Engineer in Chief of the Navy)
for the use of the members of "the present Congress, the
hbrancs ot the different States and Territories, the libraries
of the departments, bureaus, and navy-yards of the United
States Government, and for international exchange.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to -a point of order.
That amendment is not to carry out any existing
law, and it is not in order. -
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers it
out of order.
, Mr. STANTON. This publication is a very
valuable one, and necessary to the useful and en-
lightened discharge of the duties of the offices of
some of the departments of the Government. 1
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question being, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee it
was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was "sustained.
Mr. McCORKLE offered the following amend-
ment:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department are hereby anthouzed to pay
to the Navy commissioners, for expenses incurred while
actaally on duty in Oregon and California, to wit: from the
first day of April, 1849, to the twenty-seventh dav of No-
vember, 1850, double the pay of a commander in the Navv
of the United States.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit that the amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Be it further enacted, That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they heieby are, authorized
and directed to allow to the officers, petty officer*, seamen
and marines ot the United States Navy, who seived in tile
Pacific ocean, on the coast of California and of Mexico,
during the late war with Mexico and since that time, such
additional compensation as shall be proportional to the
extra compensation which has been paid or allowed to the
officers and soldicis of the Aimy, who served on the same
coast during the same period.
Mr. DUNHAM. I raise the same point of
order as to this amendment that I did to the pre-
ceding one.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say, that
precisely such a provision as this was in the Army
bill; and it is only making the appropriation for
theNavy conform to that of the Army; and certain-
ly this ought not to be ruled out of order. Upon
