1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141?
residence there. They have their homes where
they are required to discharge their public duties,
and for that reason they are rarely ever absent
when the regular terms of their courts are required
to be held.
I do not see that analogy which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has drawn, in his speech, be-
tween the judge in the States, and the judge in the
Territories. If there can be a law made—and I
think it would be a just one—providing that no
man shall be appointed to a judicial office in one
of the Territories, who was not a resident of
that Territory, there would be no necessity for the
restrictions which the hill under consideration
provides. "We always find men in these Terri-
tories competent to the discharge of the duties of
this office. Nay more, any man who will go to
these Territories for the purpose of residing there,
for the purpose of making a home there, and for
the purpose of building up his own fame and for-
tune, isalways more competent than the individual
who goes there with a commission in his pocket.
I think that if the rule should he confined to making
the appointments from the Territories, the neces-
sity for the enactment, in this law, of the clause
now under consideration, would be wholly and
entirely obviated. I know, sir, in the Territory
contiguous to my own district—the Territory of
Minnesota—there has been great complaint made,
because the officers were not, in fact, residents of
that Territory. Thev could not be called citizens
of that Territory. True they might hold a court
there, and leave it, when their terms had been held,
for their homes, or spend their winters in Wash-
ington city, engaged perhaps in some political
purpose, or in perfecting some political scheme to
carry out the wished of the appointing power, and
he might, probably, very consistently with his
own views, consider that a very good cause for
their absence over sixty days. Besides, sir, I
hold it necessary for a man to reside in the Terri-
tory,^ become acquainted with the people, if you
desire to administer the laws of the country as
they should be administered. You must know
something about the people, amongst whom vou
are administering and executing the laws. You
ought to understand their courts and institutions.
And the judiciary should be able to give tone to
the institutions of a new Territory, in order that
when it becomes a State, it may have all the bene-
fits derived from this kind of early education.
Take men foreign to their feelings, who know
nothing of their institutions, who go there merely
for the purpose of discharging the duties within
the limits of the law, and then go home to their
families; and perhaps in vacation when they are
most needed, application is made in chancery, or
for a writ of habeas corpus, and you find they have
appointed a commission, a kind of substitute, who
knows nothing about the law, for the purpose of
supplying their places, and discharging duties
which the law requires them to discharge.
I trust, then, sir, that the proposition proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven-s] will not prevail. As long as the Executive
will continue to appoint his friends residing in the
States to go to these Territories to discharge duties
which the citizens of the Territories are far more
capable of discharging, let us have some law that
will compel them to remain there.
Why, sir, in the Territory of Oregon, I have
known judges to leave that Territory and not re-
turn for a whole year. What becomes of their
'•ourts5 what becomes of their districts? What
confiderce have the people in a judge who will
thus neglect to discharge the sacred duties which
the functions of his office require him to discharge*
From cases of this kind the people acquire a dis-
respect for even the forms of law which their
courts are called upon to administer. I trust, then,
sir, there will be something of a compulsory char-
acter adopted at this session of Congress which
will compel these judges U> do their duty. That
is nil the law seeks in this case. It is all that this
bill uroposos.
Mr. GORMAN. I want to propose an amend-
ment to this bill; but as this is not the proper time
 a gentleman preceding me having offered one——
J will make an additional remark upon the subject
of the repeal of this proviso. Those who weie in
the last Congress remember that this proviso was
pur in there because of a rumor current in the city
of Washington that some of the judges in Oregon
had left their posts and gone to dig gold in Califor-
nia. I apprehend it was not contemplated that it
would affect any other persons than the persons
then in the eye of the members of Congress. That
was the rumor, and t presume that was the cause
of the provision. Whether it was true or not, I
cannot tell; but that was the rumor, and that was
the cause, for I heard that given as the reason at
the time.
I have an additional remark to make in relation
to one of the judges of New Mexico, for of one
only do I speak. One of the judges of New Mex-
ico went out when he was appointed by the Pres-
ident. That judge resided in the town where I
do. He has written to me to get leave of the
President to return; but his convictions of duty,
and his fidelity to the public trust is of such a
character, and he is so conscientious upon the
subject, that he would not leave that Territory for
a day, because he regards his duty before he would
take into consideration for an hour, or a dav, the
amount of money he would lose or gain. He in-
tends to remain there, sir. He wants to come
home to take out his family. He writes to me to
know if this bill was passed. Ke writes to me
for leave from the President—if the law is passed,
or if the officers of Government had decided the
law in such a manner that lea\ e of absence can be
granted. The Piesident and ihe Secietaiy would
cheerfully grant him leave of absence, knowing
his character. But he cannot come. He cannot
come here to take his family out to that Territory
without the forfeiture of his whole year's salary.
The law is so manifestly unjust that I cannot con-
ceive any reason in the world why this bill pro-
posed shall not pass. It may operate upon those
officers desiring to leave the Territories for pleas-
ure. or for the accommodation of somebody else,
or for the purpose of coming to Washington city
to see the political movements of the country: but,
sir, the law should not operate so as to exclude
good men and faithful officers, who are attentive to
their public trusts. The law should not be made
to include them within its purview, when it was
intended to operate as a penalty upon those who,
in disregard of their public duty, do otherwise. I
contend that the construction put upon the law by
the Department was not right. I think, now, that
the proper and legitimate construction of that law
is, when these, officers absent the/nsdvea ftom the Ter-
ritory without ca*usn,&c. Why do \ put that
construction upon it? I venture the assertion,
that there is no court in the United States, when
that question is presented to it, but would decide
that that clause means, when they shall absent them-
selves without cause. Why do J come to that con-
clusion ? Because there is a penalty, and wherever
there is a penalty attached, the non-nerformance
of a particular duty, that penalty implies a wrong,
and there can be no wiong without an intention.
The Government certainly neVK intended to say,
that if you absent yourself fur cawe over which ymi
have no control, fyc. Suppose the Indian depreda-
tions should drive the people and officers out of
the Territory of New Mexico: they would absent
themselves within the legal technical meaning of
that law,  Supj'Ose they should take refuge upon
the frontier of the (In:ted fckau"*: it would he a
technical absenting thtmselves fiom thcTeriitory.
My friend ^ v* u is not a penalty—thnf it simply
says, i^ vou do nor perform the duty, you shall
not have nay. It snys you shall not have pay if
you absent yourself from the Territory.
Mr. RICPIA RDSON, (interposing.) My friend
from Indiana will permit me to call his attention
to one fact. The gentleman will perceive, from
reading the bill, that the penalty attaches when he
has absented himself from the district, and from
his duties. Now, in the rase of the Indians run-
ning them out of the country, it would not be a
<*a*e of absenteeism from duty, such as contenv
olnted by the proviso.
Mr. GORMAN. That is only a technical way
of setting out of the difficulty. _ 1 am only pre-
senting that as a reason why this law should be
repealed. J agree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. STEvr.K^j thai it is an odious law.
1'agrce with him that it is disreputable. If it has
come to tins, that we cannot set officers to dis-
charge a high and responsible trust, without put-
ting penalties upon them for the non-performance
of such duties, it seems to me that is a mistrust
of the integrity of the public men, or men sent to
perform any other public trusts.
I am opposed to it upon that ground; but I have
a specific ground of objection, which I have stated.
Here is a man, I say, who is oneof the best qual-
ified men in that country; a man who would honor
almost any judicial office; a man of as exemplary
character, and of as strict integrity as any in this
country, a man competent to discharge any judi-
cial station in the State of Indiana, from which he
went; and he refuses to come home for his family,
because it would be regarded as a dereliction of
duty, and a violation of the trust reposed in him
by the Government. Sir, when such officers are
crippled and cramped by a law of this kind, it
ought to he repealed for that cause, though at the
same time it lets others run at large. I allude to
Judge Watts. When I pay him this compliment,
1 do no more than that which he richly and meri-
toriously deserves. I know him well. For ener-
ergy, integrity, and high honor, he has but few
equals. 1 say I cannot conceive any single legit-
imate reason why this provision should not be
repealed.
Mr. TUCK. In the discussion, thus far, noth-
ing has been said, except upon one section of the bill
under consideration. I propose some remarks in
reference to the salariesof the judgesof theUnited
Slates in Oregon and New Mexico.
The judges now receive, the chief justice §9,500
and the associate justices $2,000 each per annum.
I maintain that these salaries are wholly inade-
quate, and so utterly and grossly such, that we
should permit no delay in fixing them at a fair
and honorable amount. I understand from an
authentic source, that ordinary board in Oregon is
from $40 to $50 per month, and that a single meal
at any public house is never less than one dollar.
I further am told, that a judge cannot pay his cur-
lent expenses in Oregon with a sum less than
$2,000; consequently, the chief justice may pos-
sibly save $500, while the other judges cannot
sav§ a single dollar. The common wages of la-
borers is $4 per day and board, while a boot-black
gets $100 per month and board. .On this state of
facts, it appears that the chief justice cannot earn
so much, by devoting himself to the duties you
have imposed upon him, by $700, us the boot-
black at 'the hotel where he takes his board.
It is possible, some one will say, that a judge
must make a large set-off from his pay, in consid-
eration of the privilege he enjoys of seeing the
country, and of engaging in profitable speculation.
In reply to such a remark, I would say, that if it
ought to be our policy to make any officers of the
Government independent, it surely will be
judges of our courts. They ought to feel
no necessity to look beyond their salaries for ade-
quate and honorable support. I happen to know
one of the judges in Oregon, Chief Justice Nelson,
lately of the Slate of New York, and am some-
what acquainted with his high standing as a law-
yer, in the part of the State where he practiced.
He would confer honor upon any judicial position
which he should accept. I judge that his practice
at the bar, before he went to Oregon, must have
been worth $4,000 per year, and perhaps more;
and I think it discreditable, both to the Govern-
ment and to the couits, to pay a man of Judge
Nelson's abilities and high character, the inad-
equate pay of $9,500 per year.
Now, it may not happen, that the Government
will lose the services of competent judges m Ore-
gon or New Mexico, (1 believe the two Territo-
ries are similarly situated,) by refusing to raise
the salaries of the judges to a fair and honorable
sum; yet jt cannot be doubted, that the pursuit of
such a policy of inadequate pay would end in having
for judges men entirely unfit for their duties.
Oregon and New Mexico are very much in the
condition of California, in respect to expense of
living. The justices of the supreme court in Cal-
ifornia receive, each, a salary of $10,000, while
the salaries of the judges of the next subordinate
court, are $7,500 each, and the judge performing
the duties of judge of probate for the county of
S-in Francisco, receives $4,000. There isnopeti-
tion here in regard to these sahuies, but members
of Congress have received letters, and particularly
the Delegate from Oregon, and the facts of the
expense of living, and utter unreasonableness of
the present pay of the distant territorial judges,
is known to us all. If we are worthy to legislate
for those distant lands, we should consider their
peculiar circumstances, and make our laws accord-
ingly. If we govern ourselves by such false no-
tions of economy, as to put our judges below a
