2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. , Have I not
the right to move to reconsider the vote by which.
" the amendment was disagreed to ?
Mr. KING, of New York. If you voted with
the majority. , •
Mr. JOHNSON; There were no yeas and n,ays,
and I can vote just as I please, and afterwards
move a reconsideration. I am not in favor of the
Navy or Department, and never have been; butif
we are-to do anything for that branch of the ser-
vice, we could do no better than"adopt this amend-
ment. I move a reconsideration of the vote by
•which the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JENKINS. I move to lay that motion
upon the table, • -
Mr. KING. I understand the gentleman from
Arkansas voted in .the minority.
The SPEAKER. There were no yeas and
nays called, and that is the only form in which
th« fact can be fixed.
Me. AVERETT. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw my motion to re-
consider.
Mr. POLK. I renew it.
The question then recurred upon- the motion to
iay the motion to reconsider upon the table
Mr. CABELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Robbins were appointed.
« The question was then taken, and the motion
to lay upon the table was agreed to; the tellers
having reported—ayes 79, noes 44.
The question was next taken upon the follow-
ing amendment, upon which a separate vote was
demanded by Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, and it was
agreed to, viz;
"At the end of the provision for the Annapolis Naval
School, add: ' To complete quarters for the students and
professors at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, the sum of
•$>75,000.'"
The question recurred upon the following amend-
ment, upon which a separate vote was demanded
by Mr. Sweetser:
After line one hundred and forty-nine insert:
" To secure some proper place for the burial of seamen
who die in the New York hospital, $5,QUO."
Mr. SWEETSER. I withdraw my objection.
^The question was taken, and the amendment
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed it was read
the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the vote
by which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the ta-
ble; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
jResolved, That from and after this day the House will
hold an evening session, commencing at seven o'clock, to
he devoted to the receiving of reports from committees :
Provided, All bills and joint resolutions repoited with a re-
commendation that they pass, be referred when reported.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it in order for me to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. According to former prac-
tice it is not in order. Within the last ten days—
the Chair will state the rule—it is in order to move
to suspend the rules. The Chair understands that
Sundays, as well as other days, have been con-
sidered as embraced within the last ten days. As
an original proposition, the Chair would decide
differently, and that the Sabbath not being a legis-
lative day, ought not to be considered as embraced
within the rules. He decides, however, accord-
ing to practice, Sundays are included within the
last ten days.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move we take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. ALLISON. I move we adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned till to-mor-
row at eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOIJSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 21, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
b.y the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER, The business first in order
is the motion pending to recommit House bill No.
120, " authorizing certain soldiers in the late war
with Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu there-
of."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up one of the
first bills upon the Speaker's table—a Senate bill
for the "relief of Margaret Parrar, whose father and
mother are both dead. It is a bill which I have
been endeavoring to take up for a long while. It
will not occupy five minutes' time to consider it.
If I can have the unanimous consent of the House
to take it up, I shall be very glad.
Mr. PENN. I must object. I have several
bills which have been pending for some time.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is to
recommit House bill No. 120, the title of which
has been read, and upon which the previous ques-
tion has been demanded.
Mr. MASON. There is a little matter in which
members are interested in relation to getting their
books early, and during this session, and which I
wish to bring up. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer a resolution requiring the
Clerk to get the books of members ready before
they go home. It will take but a minute or
two.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to anything that
interferes with the business of the morning hour.
I call for the regular order of business.
Mr. EDGERTON. This being private bill day,
I move that the House proceed to the consider-
ation of business upon the Speaker's table, if that
motion be in order.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
during the business of the morning hour, which is
the special order.
Mr. ROBBINS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The bill " authorizing cer-
' tain soldiers in the late war with Great Britain to
' surrender their bounty lands, and to locate others
'in lieu thereof," was ordered to be read a third"
time yesterday, and a motion was made to recom-
mit the bill, which is the question now pending;
and upon that motion the previous question is de-
manded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STUART. If there is no objection, I will
withdraw the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ORR. I object.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to recommit the bill; and, upon a division, there
were—-iyes 28, noes not counted.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question being, "Shall the bill pass?" it
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CAKLETON.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is a bill reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, being an act for the ben-
efit of Washington Carleton, late Postmaster at
Hawesville, Kentucky.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair. Is not the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce in relation to the protection
of the lives of passengers on board of steamboats
first in order ?
The SPEAKER. The bill now reported being
precisely in the same condition, except that it was
introduced a long time before the other, takes pre-
cedence. The question is upon ordering the bill
to He engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GREY. This bill is for the benefit of the
late postmaster at Hawesville, Kentucky. I will
briefly state the facts to the House. The post-
master at Hawesville, being indebted to the Post
Office Department for postages received there, the
Postmaster General sent to the postmaster at
Louisville (one hundred miles from Hawesville)
an order to collect the money due to the Depart-
ment from the postmaster at Hawesville 
Mr. STUART. I would suggest tQ the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] to allow the bill
to be.read again before he proceeds with his re-
marks.
The bill was then read, as follows:
<fBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assembled)
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay to Washington Carleton; late post-
master at Hawesville, Kentucky, out ot any money appro-
priated, or that may hereafter be appropriated, for the use
and benefit of the Post Office Department, the sum of
$110 31."
The SPEAKER. The Ch&r is reminded of
the fact, that there was a motion pending to re-
commit the bill, which is first in order.
Mr. GREY. As I was about to state, the
money was in the hands of this postmaster at
Hawesville, and the draft was drawn upon him
to pay the postmaster at Louisville. The draft
was never presented to the postmaster at Hawes-
ville. The postmaster at Louisville merely in-
formed him by letter that he had a draft upon him,
and was authorized to make immediate demand
for payment of the money due from him to thePost
Office Department. The postmaster at Hawes-
ville was not bound by law, nor by precedent or
common usage, to go to Louisville to pay this
money, nor would the postmaster at Louisville
have been allowed the expense of sending an agent
down to Hawesville to collect the money from the
postmaster, it being one hundred miles distant
from Louisville. The postmaster at Hawesville
being anxious to do bis duty, and understanding
that he was to send the money to Louisville by
mail, which accords with the universal custom all
over the country—practiced every day by post-
masters of the interior offices, who receive small
amounts—as soon as he received intelligence of
the demand for payment, he remitted the amount
to the postmaster at Louisville. The postmaster
at Louisville states that he received that mail-bag
sent from Hawesville, and that a package mailed
at that place had been broken open; for the post-
bill found in the bag showed that six letters had
been mailed at Hawesville, only two of which
came to hand, which two, together with the post-
bill, were lying loose in the bottom of the bag.
The postmaster at Hawesville then informed the
Auditor of the Post Office Department of the facts,
and asked that the sum which had been thus lost
should be credited to his account. I refer to one
of my colleagues upon this floor, who was for
years the postmaster at Maysville, Kentucky, and
who knows that it is a fact that money is usually
sent by mail in this way by the postmasters, to
pay such drafts. The Auditor replied to him that
the loss was of such a character they could not
allow him a credit for the $110; but he had no
doubt that if he would appeal to Congress, and
make a statement of the facts, he would get relief,
and be authorized to have a credit upon the books
of that Department to that amount. These are
the facts. This man bears as high a character for
hqnor, honesty, and unimpeachable integrity, as
any man in the State of Kentucky. He is a poor
man, and is not able to pay this money. The
profits from his office only amount to about $105
a year, and he could not incur the expense of
going up to Louisville for the purpose of deposit-
ing his money there, at the expiration of every
quarter. There was no bank near him, in which
he could deposit the money, and he adopted the
usual course of sending the money by mail. He
put the money in a letter, and he put the letter in
the mail-bag, and gd.ve the bag to the Government
mail agent,and that Government mail agent swears
he put that bag upon the boat. The postmaster
at Louisville vouches for the robbery of that mail.
The question, then, for this House to decide is,
shall this honest old man, who was so anxious to
do his duty, and who, in the honest discharge of
that duty, sent this money in the usual mode
adopted in all similar cases, lose this money, or
shall the loss fall upon this mighty Government?
He, Mr. Speaker, is not able to lose the money,
and I hope that the House will not agree to re-
commit the bill, but permit it to pass.
Mr. ORR. I am surprised that the bill which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] has
