am
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
Feb. 9,
priaticms for the annual compensation for the service ren-
d«red under their contracts, or which has been applied in pay-
ment of said annual compensation, pursuant to section 10, of
the acts of Congress of August 3, 1848. And whether said
steamship* or any other steamships employed in the trans-
portation of our foreign mails are in all respects suitable for
immediate conversion into steamers for war purposes, capa-
ble ol'canying the ammunition or battery appropriate to the
class specified in the contracts; andifnot suitable for such
immediate conversion, whether they could be altered so as
to make them efficient war steamers; and if so, what alter-
ations would be necessary to be made, and at what expense
to make them war steamers of' the first class.
Mr. GORMAN. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. PEASLEE. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. SMART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. PEASLEE demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Smart and Williams were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 75, noes 33; no quorum.
Mr. GLINGMAN. I will ask a recount—there
is a quorum in the House.
There being no objection, the question was
again taken, and decided in the affirmative, the
tellers having' reported—ayes 95, noes 27; and the
rules were accordingly suspended.
Mr. PEASLEE. i move that the rules be sus-
pended that the resolution may be considered to-
day, that motion being necessary, as this is a call
for information, which the rule requires shall lie
over one day.
The SPEAKER. The practice adopted by
the Chair has been, in such cases, to take the vote
after the rules were suspended, upon the adoption
of any resolution calling for information; and for
its adoption the Chair lias required a two-thirds
vote; otherwise he would feel it his duty to de-
clare the resolution disagreed to under the rule
requiring the resolution to lay over one day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to suspend
the rule which requires the resolution to lie over
one day, as the House having suspended the rules
for its introduction, I apprehend there will be no
objection to its being now considered.
The Question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the word
** requested," and in its stead to insert the word
"directed." That is the language of the rule.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Peaslee]
would inform the House as to his object in making
this call. When these calls are made upon the
Department it requires a great deal of time, labor,
and extra clerk hire, and I want to know, before
we make this call imposing additional duty, its
object.
Mr. PEASLEE. It seemed to me, from the
large amount of money we have already expended
in connection with these steamers, the applications
we had at the last Congress, which we have al-
ready had at this, and which we may have here-
after, that the subject was of consequence enough
for the House to obtain all the light and informa-
tion possible, from the most responsible and reli-
able sources, to enable them to act understand-
ably. If I understand right, we are annually
appropriating $1,300,000 for the support of our
ocean mail steamer service. Applications have
already been made from these lines for additional
compensation. The amount of money which we
shall be compelled to pay under the present con-
tract, if the contractors perform their service ac-
cording to their requirements without giving addi-
tional compensation, or the establishment of any
new lines, will be about ten millions of dollars—
before their expiration—during the seven or eight
years which they have to run. There were appli-
cations at the hist session of Congress, and I doubt
not that there have been already, and will be for
a much larger number this, for the establishment
of thirteen additional mail steamers for our for-
eign mail service, involving an outlay, in the first
instance, to assist in building the ships, of six
and d. half millions of dollars, and an expenditure
of two millions of dollars annually afterwards.
This is in addition to those already established,
and without any additional compensation. If the
contracts had been entered into according to the
propositions made at the last session of Congress,
strenuously urged and enforced upon the House,
and which, I have no doubt, will be at this, for the
time and price specified, it would hare involved an
expenditure by this Government to the amount of
about forty millions of dollars, as I understand it.
Well, sir, one of the principal arguments I have
understood in favor of these steam lines—both those
for whom we have already appropriated money
and for which we will be asked hereafter—was,
that they were to be built after the most substan-
tial approved model of war-steamers; that they
are capable of immediate conversion into war-
steamers of the first class; that they are always
ready, with but little expense of time and money,
for cases of emergency, and that it would be the
most economical means the Government could re-
sort to for the purpose of keeping up our Navy.
It is said, upon'the other hand, by some gentle-
men, that these steamers, or a larger portion of
them, are not capable of being converted into war-
steamers of the first class—that they cannot be
converted even iif  inefficient steamers for our
purposes without great expense of time and mon-
ey, and that they are incapable of carrying, or of
being made capable of carrying, the armament
and batteries, and that, being constructed princi-
pally with a view to speed and the carriage of pas-
sengers, they cannot, at any rate, be made war-
steamers of the first class, and would, in fact, be of
little or no use to the Government. How these facts
may be, I do not undertake to say; but I wish to
have the information from a responsible and reli-
able source, that I, and the rest of the House,
may be able to act more understandingly upon
this subject. I am unwilling, with all the inform-
ation I have been enabled to obtain, to vote to
bind this Government in contracts with individu-
als which may involve the expenditure of millions
and millions of dollars to extend a system, to say
the least of it, of doubtful expediency, when our
commerce has grown up to be second to no na-
tion in the world, without any such aid. It has a
monopolizing and partial tendency, and I am un-
willing to vote millions and millions of dollars for
such a system, unless I am confident that it is one
which will inure to the benefit of the Government;
that these steamers are in fact what they are rep-
resented to be—of being capable of conversion
immediately into war-steamers of the first class.
Mr. OLDS. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman, if his resolution calls for copies of the
contracts ?
Mr. PEASLEE. It calls for the facts in rela-
tion to the contracts, but not copies of the con-
tracts.
Mr. OLDS. It is important that we should
have them; and I hope the gentlemaif will embrace
them in his call.
Mr. PEASLEE. I have no objection to an
amendment of that kind. I will not detain the
House longer. My only object is to obtain light
and information upon the subject, which it seems
to me to be of the deepest importance to the Treas-
ury and country, and which can do no harm, and
which may enable us to act more understandingly
upon this subject, and be of much benefit.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am in favor
of the resolution, for the reasons assigned by the
gentleman, and concur most heartily with his
views, if I heard him correctly, in regard to these
steamships.
TheSPEAKER. Thequestion ison theamend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.]
Mr. PEASLEE. I have no objection to the
modification, if it is in order to accept it. I also
accept the modification of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds,]
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and it was agreed to.
THE TARIFF OF 1846.
Mr. WELCH asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means are
inducted to repoita bill modifying and altering the tariff of
1846, by substituting, whenever practicable, specific for ad
valoiem duties, with such rates of duty as wiJl yield suffi-
cient revenue ; and with such discriminations m favor of
iron and other articles of domestic manufacture and pro-
ductions, as will alford adequate protection to the labor of
our own citizens against foreign competition.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, objected.
Mr. WELCH moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK demanded the yeas and nays; j
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 60, nays 108, as follows, viz:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, John II.
Boyd, Brenton, Brings, George H. Brown, E. C. Cabell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Conger, Curtis,
Doty, Duncan, Evans, Fowler, Henry M- Fuller, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, Goodrich, Harper, Hascall, Haven,
Hebard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How. Geo.
G. King, Mann, Martin, Meaeham, Miller, Miner, Newton,
Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Price,
Schoolcraft, DavidL. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Strother, Taylor, Thurston,
Washburn, Watkins, Welsh, Weils, and Addison White
—60,
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Andrews,
Averett, Babcock, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Beale, Bocock, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busby, Jos. Cable,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastam,
Clark, Clingmmi, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Eastman, Edmundson,
Ewing, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitch, Floyd, Freeman, Gam-
ble, Gajlord, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, I sham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Ives, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kuitz, Letcher, Lockbart,
Mace, McCorkle, McLanahan, McMuIlin, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Millson, Molony, Morehead, Murphy, Murray,
Nabers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Powt-ll,
Rantoul, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Savage, Scuiry, Smart,
Smith, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'm
P. Stevens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin,
Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, George W. Thompson,
Townshend, Venable, Wallace, Waid, Alexander White,
Wilcox, Wiidrick, Williams, and Woodward.—108.
Mr. INGERSOLL, who waswithout the bar
when his name was called, asked the unanimous
consent to record his vote in the negative. Objec-
tion was made, and the permissfon not granted.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CLARK. I rise to what I understand to
be a point of order. I ask if this is not resolution
day?
The SPEAKER. Tt is.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the day will be employed
in that way.
The SPEAKER. It is also in order, the Chair
will inform the gentleman, to move to suspend the
rules, and to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce resolutions.
DISTRIBUTION OF ARMS.
Mr. HOWARD asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency af distn buting arms
to the new States and Territories, as recommended in the
annual report of the Secretary of War.
There being no objection, the question was
taken, and the resolution was adopted.
WIDOW OF GENERAL BELKNAP.
Mr. HARPER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the followingresolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law tor the support of the widow ol the late Brigadier Gen-
eral Belknap.
There being no objection, the question.was then
taken, and the resolution adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the petition of John
A. Poor and others, of the Executive Committee
of the State of Maine, and members of the cor-
poration of the European and North American
Railroad, for aid to said work.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose.
Mr. STANLY. Can it not be introduced un-
der the rules ?
Mr. W ASHBURN. I can present it under the
rules, but I choose to present it in this way; and
inasmuch as it comes from the Executive of
Maine, I desire to have it printed.
Is it an act of the Legislature?
Mr. WASHBURN. It is a petition m behalf
of the State of Maine.
Mr. FICKLIN. It is not customary to pub-
lish these petitions?
_ The question was then taken; and a count be-
ing had, there were—ayes 76, noes 4G.
Mr. WASHBURN demanded tellers; which
were ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask if this is not
a memorial which may be presented undSr the
rules? Some gentlemen say it is, and others it is
not.
Mr. SMART. It may be presented, but can-
not be printed under the rules.
