1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
been advocating was reported from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GREY. It was, I believe, reported by the
unanimous consent of the committee. I heard no
objection.
Mr. OR.R. My surprise is still greater. The
proposition contained in the bill is simply this,
that the Government shall become the insurer of
every dollar's worth of value sent through the
public mail.
Mr. OLDS. I believe my colleague upon the
committee ['Mr. Grey] is mistaken, when he says
that it was unanimously reported. There are
three or four bills reported from the committee,
all embracing a similar principle with this one,
and making the Government liable for losses of
postmasters. One was where an office was robbed,
and another one where an office was burned. I
have opposed the whole of them upon principle.
I believe the facts are just as stated by my col-
league on the committee, that there has been a
loss, but I am opposed to the principle.
Mr. ORR. 1 am glad to hear the correction
made. Of course the error was unintentional on
the part of the gentleman upon my right, [Mr.
Grey.] Admitting the facts to be true, and I do
not, of course, question them, as they have been
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky, it pre-
sents such a case as may be presented from every
county in every State in the Union. Is the Gov-
ernment to become the insurer of all the letters
deposited in the post office? If this bill should
pass—and I have no idea that it will—it will be
the first instance where losses of this sort have
been made up by Congress. I move, therefore,
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. ROBBINS, upon that motion, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Venable
and Brecxunridge were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr.* ROBBINS. I call the yeas and nays upon
the question.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be ordered upon a bill, when there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. ORR. I hope there will be a recount.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes ttfat by
unanimous consent there may be a recount.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places, and a recount being had, there were—
ayes 70, noes 42; still no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. I move that there be a call of the
House, and I hope it will be carried through and
let us see who are absent.
The question was then taken; and it was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon laying the bill upon the table.
Mr. GREY. I hope that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will withdraw his mo-
tion to allow me to make further explanation.
Mr. ORR. As the gentleman has appealed to
me, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. GREY. 1 return my acknowledgments
to the gentleman for his courtesy, and, Mr. Speak-
er, I will say I am convinced, if the facts in rela-
tion to this matter were fairly understood by the
House, that there is not a man upon the floor who
would not say that this was a claim deserving the
favorable action of the House. Now, here is an
order sent to the postmaster at Louisville to collect
the money from the postmaster at Hawesville. The
postmaster at Louisville writes that he has the
draft, but he does not present it. If the postmas-
ter at Hawesville had waited until the draft had
been presented at his office, he would have sustained
no loss. But if he had not paid by letter, the post-
master at Louisville would not have been authorized
to have sent to him for it, by paying the expenses
of an agent to go in person and collect the money;
nor would the postmaster at Hawesville have been
authorized to pay an agent to carry the money to
Louisville to the postmaster there. What should
he have done? Should the expense of sendingthe
money to Louisville fall upon that postmaster
there, or should he add the expense of sending it
to the account of the postmaster at Hawesville
and ask him to pay it out of his pocket? The
draft was never presented, but when the postmas-
ter at Hawesville received intelligence that the
draft was in the hands of the postmasterat Louis-
ville, he sent the money by mail according to the
common usage in such cases. I appeal to my col-
league from Maysville, [Mr. Stanton,] who has
been postmaster, to know what has been the cus-
tom with postmasters similarly situated?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. My colleague
is right in saying that I have had some experience
in this matter. Some four years ago I was post-
master at Maysville. The postmaster at Cincin-
nati was one of the local depositaries, and he was
required to collect from the postmasters in the
neighborhood the balances due upon their accounts
current, at the expiration of each quarter. I rec-
ollect very well at that period—I do not know what
the regulations of the Department are now—that I
was instructed to pay my balances over to the
postmaster at Cincinnati, and I was instructed also
not to incur any expenses in making a deposit at
Cincinnati. If I could not send it by private hand,
it must be sent through the mail, and it was my
invariable custom to send the balance at the end
of each quarter through the mail.
Mr. GREY. Then that was the instruction of
the Postmaster General.
Mr. STANTON. That was accompanying the
instructions directing me to deposit my balance at
Cincinnati.
Mr. GREY. It was with a full understanding
of these facts, in reply to the request of the post-
master at Hawesville, that the Auditor of the Post
Office Department referred him to Congress in re-
lation to this case. With a full kenowledge of all
the facts, he says to him, Apply to Congress,and-
if you have been gudty of no negligence, I have
no doubt that Congress will give you relief.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman, to see if I understood the facts cor-
rectly. As I understand, the postmaster at Hawes-
ville sent through the mail, bank notes for the bal-
ance for which he was indebted to the Post Office
Department. Am I right in that?
Mr. GREY. The postmaster at Hawesville,
when he got the letter, changed his silver for two
fifty and one ten dollar note.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to ask the gentleman
further, that the fifteenth section of the Independ-
ent Treasury law may be read, by which it will
appear that this exchange of the funds of the Gov-
ernment by the postmasterat Hawesville for bank
paper is a felony, for which he might be prose-
cuted, indicted, and convicted.
"Mr. GREY. Then, Mr. Speaker, two thirds
of the postmasters throughout the United States
occupy the same critical and felonious position.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I hope this Congress are not
going to disobey the law.
Mr. GREY. I will say this: if we had a law
passed by which relief could be afforded, the claim-
ant here would seek relief in trie courts of the
country. But this is a case which we are called
upon to decide by a regard to the peculiar circum-
stances attending it, sitting here as a court of equi-
ty, as we now are. I stand here ready to declare
a precedent and to make a law that shall do justice
to all honest and worthy men, when the strict and
rigid construction of thegeneral laws cannot afford
merited and just relief. 1 know this claimantper-
sonally. I know he is poor and with a large fam-
ily, and that he has done his duty faithfully, and
acted honestly, and from the purest motives.
Mr. FOWLER. Will my colleague upon the
committee allow me for a moment? I wish merely
to say, in addition to what my colleague upon the
committee has said, that in examining and testing
this case we took into account the fact that the
mail is the carrier of the Government, and that
the money was lost while in the hands of the
Government. I hope that my colleague will bring
out that fact fully.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to ask whether you mean to establish the princi-
ple that all losses by the mail are at the charge of
the Government ?
Mr. FOWLER. That is for Congress to de-
cide.
Mr. GREY. I wish this case to stand upon
the particular circumstances attending it.
Mr. FOWLER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
that in this case the Government was carrying the
money for itself.
Mr. GREY. I do not understand the com-
mittee—I do not understand myself as intending
to claim that the General Government should be
liable for all the losses sustained in the mail. It
is shown that this man putthe money in the letter;
that he put the letter in the mail bag, and -gave
the mail bag to the Government agent to take it on
board the boat. The postmaster at' Louisville
testifies to the fact that the mail bag had been
broken open before it came to him. -
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman 'having given me
the floor for a moment, I wish to make a statement
in relation to this matter. I am opposed to the
passage of thisbill; not but what I believe that the
postmaster has honestly lost the money—and I
am satisfied that there has been sufficient proof
adduced before the committee to leave no doubt
upon the mind of any man that the postmaster
had lost the money—but I can see no difference
at all between the case of a postmaster and any
other individual who sends his money through
the mail. Now, it is a mistake, and there is no
proof m this case, that this man was required to
send the money by mail.
Mr. GREY. The proof is, that the postmaster
at Louisville said in his letter that he was author-
ized to request immediate payment.
Mr. OLDS. That is true; he was notified that-"
the postmaster at Louisville had a draft upon him
for $110, and that he was required to make " im-
mediate payment." So far all is correct. Butun-*
der your independent Treasury law, he had no
right to convert his money into bank notes; and
if the postmaster at Louisville had this draft for
collection, the Government, as a matter of course,
were bound to pay his expenses in collecting this
draft, if he had to make a journey after it.
Mr. GREY. I will ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads if such claims were ever allowed ?
Mr, OLDS. The principle of law is just the
i same in this case as in any other. The notifying
1 this postmaster that he had a draft upon him was
not a demand for that draft. The draft must be
presented to him for payment, and he could not pay
it unless it was presented to him at his office.
Mr. GREY. I will ask the gentleman one
question. Does he not know that it is a univer-
sal fact, when the Postmaster General sends to
any postmaster in any State of this Union a draft
to collect money from postmasters which has been
received by them, that the postmaster to whom
the draft was sent sends it back to the Post Office
Department unless the payee sends or pays it at the
office of the postmaster who holds the draft?
Mr. OLDS. I have no such knowledge at all.
I do not suppose that the postmaster at Louisville
had any right to report this matter, until he had
a legal demand made upon him for the money
at his place of business; and if he was an agent
of the Government for the collection of this money,
the Government is bound to pay the money. If
the postmaster undertook to send the money by
mail, he must take his chance, as any business
man in the community would have to do. There
is no difference in this case. There are other cases
before our committee, which are somewhat anal
ogous. We have one case where the committee
have been ordered to report a bill—and T believe
that I was the only dissenting member on that
committee—in which the postmaster had kept the
money in his office until it had accumulated to
$800. A robbery was committed upon his office.
There was positive proof that he had been robbed
and had lost the money, and the committee ordered
the bill to be reported, to make the Government
underwrite for the postmaster, who had left his
money in his office and lost it.
Now, there is a principle involved in this case.
Shall the Government underwrite for the faithful
dischargeof the duties of a public officer? Shall
they become security for him? It is an induce-
ment held out to postmasters all over the country,
to suffer frauds to be committed, and to connive
at frauds, and then to come before Congress and
demand restitution.
I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 do not want to make a
speech. I want to inquire of the gentleman from
Kentucky, who has propounded this matter to us,
whether he is satisfied with the proof that the
money was deposited in the mail by the postmas-
ter who asks compensation?
Mr. GREY. The chairman of the committee
admitted that there was positive proof that the
money had been actually deposited in the mail by
the postmaster now asking for justice from this
Congress.
