§08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
via Fort Hail to the Dalles of the Columbia, and also on the
road from Oregon to California, are absolutely indispensable
for the protection of life and property. I know that I need
but call your attention to the condition of things there, and
present th* facts within my knowledge, to secure your aid
and prompt action m the premises. The suffering this sea-
son for the want of troops to protect emigrants and others
en route to Oregon, and from Oregon to California, has
been terrible; and certainly this Government ought and
will, I have no doubt, afford protection to her citizens in a
country so remote and exposed as are all persons traveling
either on, the emigrant road to Oregon or on the road from
Oregon to California. There are but these two roads south
of the Columbia on which troubles are to be apprehended.
The shape of the country, and its stupendous mountains,
are insurmountable barriers to the location of roads of im-
portance. A garrison of two or three companies of horse—
or infantry, if a mounted force cannot be had—on each
of these roads—at the Grand Round, for instance, on the
emigrant or northern road, and in the Rt>gue River Valley,
on the California, or southern road, should be established.
The moral influence that the establishment of these posts
would produce upon the minds ofthe Indians would do much
towaids keeping peace with them, and afford the protection
to American citizens that they are so justly entitled to.
It may be well here to mention, that the road from Ore-
gon to California forks in the Rogue River Valley; the main
road passes south ofthe great Chaste Mountain to the s>ouj oe
*>f the Sacramento, thence down that river to its great val-
ley, and to Sacramento City; the north branch passes by
Klamath Lake to Fort Hall. A small party of emigrants
have gone tlmt route this season and got in safely. This
route was opened by Jesse Applegate, Scott and others, in
the year 1846, for the purpose of affording to emigrants a
pass into the southern poition of Oregon; but such was the
suffering of the first emigrants on this route that it has been
but little traveled since, but will, I have no doubt, be much
traveled if a garrison should be established in Rogue River
Valley, as above suggested.
I have been thus explicit, in order that you may under-
stand the condition and wants of the country which I have
the honor to repiesent, with the full belief that you will
take such steps as maybe necessary to gtve protection to
the citizens there, and emigrants and others, traveling to
and from Oregon.
Herewith I enclose two communications from Oregon for
. your perusal, which you will please return to me. One of
the writers I am well acquainted with, (Mr. Applegate, one
ofthe early settlers of Oregon.) He has done much to
bring the countty into requisition, by exploring, opening
toads, &c., &c.; a sensible, reliable man. With Mr. Si-
«nons I have no acquaintance, but have no doubt ofthe
truth of his. narrative.
With great respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH LANE.
Mr. LANE resumed. I called upon the Presi-
dent in person, and the House is aware that he is
of the opinion that the army is too small to afford
all the protection that is necessary for that coun-
try, ana that he has recommended an increase of
the army. I^alled upon the Secretary of War
recently relative to this matter, and asked him if
any troops couid be sent to that country to afford
protection to the emigrants bound to Oregon this
season ? I have received no definite answer from
either of them. The President feels friendly dis-
posed towards that country, and I have no doubt
lie is anxious to do his duty. I make no charges
at ail. But I charge that the rifle regiment has
i>een diverted from the purpose for which it was
raised and organized, it ought not to have been
ordered to Texas, if it has been done.
1 say to the gentleman from Texa*, [Mr. How-
ard,] that if an order has been issued from the
Department here, ordering; that regiment to Tex-
as, it ought not to have been done. It was not
raised for Texan servicc, or for the protection of
the boundary between Mexico and the United
States; and I can say another thing to the gentle-
man from Texas, that they there are not "in the
exposed condition as rfre the people of Oregon,
and as are the people of the States on their way
there; and I know that it is an easy matter in Tex-
as to raise a force in sufficient numbers to whip
all the Indians who may moke any attempt upon
their settlements. I know there is no State more
gallant, or a people more ready to turn out on duty
at a moment's warning, than the people of Texas.
I know their ability to defend themselves, and that
all they want is to know that their services are
.needed, and they are ready to go out and de-
stroy the Indians. But how is it with Oregon ?
In that portion of Oregon, for which I ask
protection, there is not any settlements within
seven hundred miles. The population even in the
settled portion of Oregon is small; and can this
House for a moment expect them to raise a force
of five hundred or even three hundred men, and
send them out with subsistance seven hundred
miles from a settlement? Emigrants bound to
Oregon, when once within the settlements, are as
safe as they would be in Washington city. But
look at the district of country they are to pass
over to get therfe; and who is to give them pro-
tection ? Can the people of Oregon turn out and
doit? They could do it; but recollect that every
man's time there is worth five dollars a day tp
him. Now, if you want to raise a force you must
first say to the volunteer that you will give him
five dollars a day, and find him horse, arms, and
equipment. And is that Territory, with only
three thousand voters, able to do that, and can
they extend to the country the protection which
it ought to have ? Why induce people to go there?
Since I have been here I have received thousands
of letters making inquiries about Oregon, and
making known to me that certain persons in the
neighborhood of the writers were making prepa-
rations to start for Oregon. And every man who
has made up his mind to go there this year must
leave the settlements soon, and be at St. Joseph,
with everything necessary for oufit on the way, by
the first of May next. Can we begin, at this late
moment, to authorize the raising of the force re-
quired, arm it, antTget it ready in time to render
them the necessary assistance? No, sir, we can-
not; and if we fail to do it, what will be the result?
Let me tell you, it will be the tomahawking, in
the most cruel and barbarous manner, of the men,
women, and children, and helpless families, who
have been induced to go to Oregon, and that, too,
after a regiment has been raised for the specific
purpose of protecting them. Why should it be
ordered to Texas? I am not sure that such an
order has been made. If it has been, I ask, in the
name of the people who will be exposed to Indian
depredations, that it be countermanded, and let
the regiment go to Oregon, where it should go,
and where it is the duty of the President to send
it. If he fails to do it, I shall never cease to say
that, in my judgment, he has failed to do his duty.
I am sure it will be wrong to divert that regiment
from that country. The regiment arrived in
Oregon at a time and under circumstances the
most unfavorable. It was just at the time of
the breaking out of the great gold excitement,
and in the midst of that excitement many of the
I privates abandoned the service, disgraced them-
selves by forsaking their flag and going off in
search of gold. But a portion of them did not
desert, and a sufficient number were left to afford
all the protection necessary for that country. They
said, We have enlisted for this service, and will
remain and serve out our time, get our discharge,
and then become citizens of this country. While
the regiment was in that condition, and able to
render service to the country, and afford the pro-
tection we needed, they were ordered from that
country to this; and from what the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Howard] now says, I suppose it is
now ordered to Texas, and is upon the way thither.
If so, it is all wrong. A portion of that regiment,
contrary to justice, contrary to law, in my judg-
ment—-1 am no lawyer, but if I make a declaration
which is not warranted, I wish some good lawyer
to correct me—I say a portion of that regiment,
raised for service in the Oregon Territory, before
they were ordered out of it, were transferred from
that regiment into the dragoon service, and ordered
into California. That was, in my judgment, a
violation of the contract between the Government
and the soldier, and would, I have no doubt, have
entitled him fo his discharge, if he had taken the
proper steps for that purpose in due time. Never-
theless, the transfer for the time being was for-
tunate for us, because it gave us their invaluable
services a few weeks longer than we would have
had them if they had gone off with the rifles. It
happened to be just at the time the troubles broke
out among the Rogue river Indians, when our
people were being murdered by them, when they
were thus transferred from the rifles to the dragoon
service. The troops thus transferred consisted
of two companies, one commanded by Captain
Walker, the other by the gallant and lamented
Stewart, who, after covering himself with unfading
laurels in Mexico, unfortunately fell in that distant
land, in defenceof his exposed countrymen. The
people of Oregon will ever cherish his memory,
and I hope and believe they will, as they ought,
erect a monument to perpetuate it.
Those troops, the whole being under the com-
mand of Major Kearny, moved in the direction
of the Indian troubles; and it was my fortune,
with a few gallant Oregonians, to fall in with them
then, also including some brave volunteer Califor-
nia's, and witness and participate in the service
which followed. But for those troops, who re-
mained only two weeks in the country, and at the
seat of Indian troubles, the whc4e outside settle-
ments would have been crushed. But they gave
the Indians a severe flogging and a severe chas-
tisement, such a one as has .kept them, up to the
present time, in that quarter, apparently friendly,
though they have killed a few whites since; but
that is so frequent an occurrence that we hardly
think of asking this Government to avenge it.
The killing of one or two men is no unusual thing
there; but we take care of these comparatively
small disturbances ourselves. But when it. is evi-
dent that there is a general hostility, as "there is
now, it is the imperative duty of the Government
to interpose and give us aid.
Now, while I am speaking of that Indian war
in which Captain Stewart fell, I would like to say
to South Carolinians, of which State he was a na-
tive, that he was an ornament to that gallant State;
that he was the best officer of his age in the Amer-
ican Army, and more familiar with the duties of
an'officer than any young man in the Army. He
had distinguished himself in every battle he was
in in Mexico—and he was in nearly all of them—
and fell fighting for the people of Oregon. I learned,
about the time of his death, that, a portion of his
salary was annually or quarterly devoted to the
benefit of his mother, now, I learn, living in this
District. 1 hope that some friend of that man will
take care to propose that a pension be granted to
that mother; a mother who bore such a noble son
is entitled, in my opinion, to the benefit of a pen-
sion.
But I am wandering from the subject. Now,
as to the resolution, if there is anything in it, any
wording of it that is not just right, I am willing
to change it. I do not ask to direct the President
of the United States. He is the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army of the United States, and I do
not want to abridge his authority. I want to re-
qi^st him simply. If the word request is not in
Irresolution, I want it inserted. I want to draw
the attention of the President to it, and request
him, in the most respectful manner, to extend to
the people of Oregon Territory that protection
which they are entitled to, and that he will send
out that regiment to Oregon, which was raised by
a law of Congress for that service. Now, to un-
dertake to raise a regiment, and get them on the
ground in time to protect emigrants this year, is
out of the question. No such thing can be done.
If members of this House are willing to afford
this protection, they must request thePresident, or
the President must do it without request, to send
out some troops now in the field, and who are
regularly in the service.
If you let it go this year, there is no certainty
of getting them the next; and when will we get
that protection our citizens need and demand? I
am satisfied myself, that the Army is sufficiently
large for all purposes. Is there not more troops
stationed along the Southern States than are
needed there ? Why are troops needed m the old
States of the Union? Why not send them where
they will be on duty, affording protection to the
unsettled portions of our country? Or is it that
Oregon is too far off, and nothing is cared for the
people out there? I am satisfied that there are
enough in the regular Army, properly distributed,
to afford all the protection that Texas may need,
without calling upon her gallant sons to turn out,
and to defend themselves. That, however, they
have been in the habit of doing ever since an
American lived there. They are enough to afford
protection to Texas, and also to emigrants en route
for Oregon. Why not let the rifles come to Ore-
gon—let the troops who-have enlisted for that ser-
vice serve out their time there? Now, let me again
ask that the resolution be amended so as to make
the resolution read " request" instead of" direct,"
wherever it may occur. I trust the vote to recon-
sider will not prevail.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor,
but gave way to
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to say that the inquiry
I made of the gentleman from Oregon, was not
dictated by any unfriendly feelings towards the
purposes of his resolution, but it was to see what
position we were placing ourselves in with refer-
ence to the subject before us, and in relation to the
President. The objection with me is not what the
gentleman himself supposes it to be. It is not be-
cause it is not sufficiently indicative of a request,
but because I regard a request here even as im-
proper as a direction. I did not pay much attention
