1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2285
exercise its discretion as to the time that shall be
allowed.
Mr. CARTTER. I suppose the House will
exercise its discretion any way.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hopethegentleman from
Alabama will yield me the floor. I merely want
to make a few random observations to the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield the gentlem a
the floor for a portion of my time.
Mr. CLINGMAN.referr.ed to the defeat of the
bill for the relief of-the Raleigh and Gaston Rail-
road Company, and remarked that when that bill
was first under consideration he thought it was
likely to pass easily, and it would have done so at
that time; but since then there had been adverse
influences operating against that and all similar
measures. There was a certain iron interest in the j
country which had its representatives here every !
session, and whose delegates came on here about i
that time, and remained here for weeks. These ;
delegates succeeded in creating such a prejudice in
the minds of many members—he would say pre-
judice, because, if gentlemen were as well informed
m relation to the purposes and designs of these
persons as he was, they would have produced no
effect upon their minds—that they induced them to
vote against the measure to which he had alluded.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. All I have
to say is, that, so far from operating against this
railroad, unfortunately the delegation of which the
gentleman speaks, by what I deem an unwise con-
tract, succeed-ed in getting: passed through this
House, a bill giving 3,000,000 of acres of the pub-
lic lands to the Missouri railroad. Without these
outsiders, that bill stood no chance.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman has made a reflec-
tion upon certain members of the House, and I
desire to know who they are. He says a contract
was made.
Mr. CLINGMAN insisted on his right to the
floor, and refused to yield to any more interrup-
tions.
He thought it was very likely that the delega-
tion to which he had alluded did succeed in pass-
ing the Missouri bill. Their object was to obtain
the votes of western men to impose high taxes
upon the country for the benefit of the iron inter-
est, and they very probably pushed through the
Missouri bill, expecting a return for it. They did
not, however, get that return, and he was glad of
it. Now, they were not satisfied with having
the community taxed for their benefit; they were
not satisfied with the tax of thirty per cent, upon
farmers and other individuals for their own benefit,
but they had grown so insolent that they were
not willing to extend the time of payment of duties :
upon iron rails imported for railroad use three or i
four years. Pennsylvania insisted that this tax :
should be paid without delay.
He hoped that they might yet be able to get up
the bill exempting railroad iron from duty. And ,
in this connection he wished to remind western
gentlemen of the fact, that prior to 1842 not one .
cent of duty was charged upon railroad iron. It j
was during this time that the old States began '
their system of railroads; but many of the new j
States uid not begin their system until after the act
of 1842 was passed, which imposed a heavy duty
of $25 per ton upon railroad iron, which fell very
oppressively upon the new States in the west and
southwest. It oppressed them and kept them ;
down. The eastern and northeastern States had |
their railroads made when iron was free of duty, 1
and he now proposed to put the new States upon
the same footing with the old States, about which ]
a great hue and cry was made. I
He then gave his views at length upon this ques-1
tion, arguing earnestly in favor of a repeal of du- j
ties imposed upon railroad iron, and showing from j
authentic statistics that whilst labor in manufac- '
tures in his State, and in several other southern ,
States, was paid at a rate ranging from 40 to 55 ;
cents per day, labor in the manufactures of iron
in Pennsylvania received $1 06 per day. He was i
opposed to labor in his country being taxed to i
give a bonus to the manufacturers of iron.
Mr. EVANS. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama yield me the floor for a short time?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. EVANS. I am opposed to that motion
unless a reply will be allowed to the speech of the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Cartter were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion to rise
was agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
63, noes 58.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the state of
the.Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 241, makinga^propriations
for the Post Office service for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1852, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the usual resolution
that debate m the Committee of the Whole shall
be terminated on the Post Office appropriation bill
at two o'clock this day.
Mr. STANLY. I trust the gentleman will say
three o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify my amend-
ment, so that it will provide debate shall close at
half past two o'clock, and call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put..
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the vote by
which the resolution was just passed be reconsid-
ered, and that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
leave was granted for the withdrawal of the pe-
tition and papers of Eliza Reeves, that they be re-
ferred to the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stuaiit in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of House bill No.
211, making appropriations for expenditures in
the Post Office Department.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. EVANS then took the floor, and addressed
the committee in reply to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] upon the sub-
ject of the tariff; and pointing out the reasons why
the labor employed in the manufacture of iron
is paid higher than that employed in the manufac-
ture of cotton. [His remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
through by paragraphs, and each paragraph will
be open for amendment as it is read.
Mr. FOWLER, under instruction of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, offered
the following amendment, viz:
In the fortieth line, after the words " dollars and cents,"
insert " also $2,500, out of which tlic Postmaster General
is directed to pay $1,666 66 to the late Assistant Postmaster
Geneial, for his .services pel formed under the direction of
the POfitmastei General, subsequent to the 1st of Apni,
1851, when htc resignation took rflrct, in the organization
of a mail service m California, approved by the joint resolu-
tion to legalize certain contract* tor the transportation of
the mails in Oregon and (Jah/oima, approved January J3,
1852, and the residue, or ?o much thereof as may be neces-
sary, to be applied to bottle and pay hi^ expenses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order. At the time this person was
sent out upon that business, there was no law au-
thorizing such a mission. Such authority was
asked for, and Congress positively refused to give
it. The Postmaster General, therefore, sent him
without authority of law.
Mr. FOWLER. I will say in connection with
what the gentleman from Tennessee has said, that
Congress has since legalized this mission.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. He thinks the appropriation is now au-
thorized by law, and will receive the amendment.
Mr. JONES. It was without any authority of
law whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The scrvice has, however,
the Chair understands, been recognized by Con-
gress.
Mr. FOWLER. Allow me to state, that after
the resignation of the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, he was deputed to go to California, to. or- -
ganize a mail service there. This waadone ac-
cording to directions, and he returned. After his
return, Congress, by the joint action of the two
Houses, sanctioned the contracts he had made.
This amount is merely designed to pay for hia
services and his expenses during his mission. ■ It
is only $2,500. I will merely add, that the Post;
master General has presented a letter upon this
subject, which I have before me, a^d which will
be read, if necessary; but I do not suppose it is
necessary. I will add, further, that I think the sub-
sequent action of Congress has furnished sufficient
authority for the appropriation; and as this gen-
tleman has performed the service, and organized
the mail service in California, is it not reasonable
that we should pay him for his services, and pay
his expenses? I think, if gentlemen will look at
the facts, they will not hesitate for a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman state
how long Mr. Hobbie was gone?
Mr. FOWLER. About four months. .
Mr. HOUSTON. He was out on that mission
four months; and he was for a month or two of
that time drawing his salary.
Mr. FOWLER. He was first, I think, sent to
Havana, and then to Panama; and while he was
acting upon the business of the Department, at
those two places, he was under h'is salary. His
resignation did not take place until he reached, or
very nearly reached, Panama.—at the time stated
in the amendment. From that time forward he
claims this double salary, which, considering the
nature of the services rendered, the exposures to
which he was subjected, and the responsibilities
of the transactions in which he was engaged, the
committee were of opinion is just.
Mr. HOUSTON. How long was Mr. Hobbie
out upon the whole service? It was only one
trip.
Mr. FOWLER. I am not able to state pre-
cisely when he left this city, but it was before the
time had expired in which he was acting under
his appointment as First Assistant Postmaster
General.
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment in its pres-
ent form is incorrect. The very essential facts
are not before the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. Well, I will ask that the let-
ter of the Postmaster General may be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know the general facts.
Mr. Hobbie left the Department partly because of
bad health; and he did not resign until a good
portion of the time during which he was absent
had elapsed. During a part of the time that he
was absent, he was drawing his salary here—for
how much of that time I do not know.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the gentleman to allow
the letter of the Postmaster General to be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this $1,600 precisely
double the sum lie was receiving as Assistant
Postmaster General ?
Mr. FOWLER. Precisely double. Hissalary
was $2,500 a year, and he was in that service one "
third of a year..
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this recommendation
from the Post Office Committee?
Mr. FOWLER. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was there evidence before
the committee showing precisely what his ex-
penses were?
Mr. FOWLER. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why is the matter left in-
i definite as to his expenses'
I Mr. FOWLER. The amendment proposes
|| j2,500. His salary consumes some sixteen or
I seventeen hundred of that. His expenses were
between $600 and $700, which will consume the
whole smn.
Mr. HOUSTON. The sum is not much. The
principle involved is much more important than
: the money; and, in my opinion, if the expenses in
ii this instance were footed up on the scale of liber-
' ality usual with the Government, his salary while
here ought to be enough.
Mr. DUNHAM. Another fact. Those who
were here during the last Congress will recollect
that a resolution was offered in this House to au-
thorize this very thing to be done, and it was
voted down; and then, in spite of the express
opinions of the House, this man was sent out
upon this mission.
