1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
to the resolution when it was introduced and
adopted in the first instance, from the confusion
in the Hall. When my attention was again called
to it by the motion to reconsider the vote, it oc-
curred to me that we were acting entirely in the
dark. It is utterly improper, and I regard the
making of a request of the President upon an im-
portant matter like this as equivalent to a direc-
tion. I ask gentlemen here how we stand with
reference to the President of the United States in
making a request of him to do an important act
when we oursehes know nothing about his ability
to do that act or its propriety? There is the diffi-
culty in the resolution. It is not that it is couched
in disrespectful terms; it is notthat it is a direction,
but the objection with me is, that we are requesting
the President to do that of which we ourselves
have no information, of which we know nothing
of the facts either as regards his ability or the pro-
priety of doing the action. It is with that vieV I
hope the vote upon the adoption of the resolution
will be reconsidered. If thegentleman has applied
to the President to do this very thing, and he
neglected to do it, the gentleman, without any
information upon which to base our action, comes
forward and requests him to do it. I want to
know if it is not implying indirectly a censure
upon the President? It is presumed that if he
knows his duty he will discharge it. If we know
it better than he does, we must have facts upon
which to base our action. I think we are acting
improperly in requesting—in directing action upon
the part of the President which he has declined to
take himself—all the responsibility resting with
him, unless some better reason is furnished than
has been suggested.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. My objection to
the resolution does not glow out of the object at
which the gentleman from Oregon seems to aim.
I have no doubt that it is entirely proper that Qr-
pgon, and that the emigrants upon their way ^o
Oregon, should be protected. It is not from any
doubt of the correctness of the gentleman upon
that point I oppose this resolution, but my oppo-
sition grows out of a matter of principle. This
House alone has nothing to do with posting the
army. The two Houses of Congress have noth-
ing to do with it. The Congress of the United
States can raise and support an army, but the
President of the United States is the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army; and we have no authority
upon the face of the earth—the two Houses of
Congress have no authority—to give any direc-
tion in respect to the posting of the army. That
is a matter which belongs exclusively to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army. Why, sir, even in
time of war the Congress of the United States have
no jurisdiction in respect to the Army except to
raise and support it.
Mr. LANE. I will state to my friend that the
resolution does not direct the President, it only re-
quests him.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not-think, so far as the
question of principle is concerned, that that alters
the case. We make a request where we have no
authority to act, and that request is addressed to
one who has the authority, and who is responsi-
ble. I shall not comment upon the views which
have been already presented, that we have not in-
formation upon the subject, because my opposi-
tion does not grow out of the matter of expediency
nor propriety, but out of the question of power.
I was about to say when 1 yielded to the gentle-
man from Oregon, that even in time of war the
authority of Congress over the Army is confined
to the raising and subsisting of it. This was a
matter carefully considered m the Convention
which adopted our Constitution. The power was
given to Congress to declare war, to raise and sup-
port an army, but the power to wage war is given
to the President of the United States as the Com- _
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy. Con- !
gress may, if it believes after a war has been de- ;
clared, that it is unnecessary and improperly pros- ;
ecuted, withhold supplies, but it cannot take the j
command of the Army. The only way by which j
the Congress can control the President of the j
United States in liis command over the Army is ;
by withholding supplies. I agree entirely with ,
the gentleman from Vermont, 'Mr. IIebard,] :
that in a case of this soit a request is equivalent to
a direction. It is a matter in reference to which '
we have no right to make a request, as a question |
of power, and besides of expediency,where we <
j have no information. It is the duty of the Presi- i
| dent to protect the frontier, to protect our emi- i
I grants, to protect our distant settlers; and I have no :
; idea of this House interposing to relieve him from j
! any of his responsibility, by directing him m this j
i matter. Well, sir, what will be the result? Justas
I certain as the sun will rise to-monow, if you pass
j this resolution directing the rifle regiment to be
j posted as the gentleman from Oregon suggests, it
I will be made the excuse for asking the addition of
j one or two regiments to our forces. This matter |
i was gone over at the last session of Congress, and I I
' agree with the gentleman from Oregon, whose abil-
; ity and experience has confirmed me in the truth
! of the opinion I expressed at the last Congress,
that we "have army enough if properly posted; but
■ it is not for this House to say where they shall be
j posted. Congress have not the information, nor
1 the power.
Mr. HOWARD. After the statement of the
honorable Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] it
| must be apparent to the House what the object of
■ this resolution is. It is to overrule, if not by the
, direction of the House, at least by its opinion, the
; action of the President, as Commander-in-Chief of
j Army, or the Secretary of War, in relation to the
; posting of the Army. To say nothing of the
! power to which the honorable gentleman from
i Virginia [Mr. B^yly] has adverted to do this, in
j the absencc of all inquiry and information, it is at
I least a most extraordinary proceeding. Why have
! these troops been ordered, not from Oregon, but
; California? The Secretary of War has told you
that mounted troops are unnecessary m Oregon;
that mounted troops cannot operate in Oregon and
, California with as much facility as elsewhere; that
! they are not adapted to that service,
i Mr. LANE. If the gentleman from Texas will
allow me, I will put him right in relation to that
matter. No troops are fit for Indian service but
i mounted ones. What was the description of force 1
i with which Major Kearny operated? What was
i the kind of force commanded by Capt. Stuart when
; he was killed? 1 was with them a short time after
| the captain fell, and recollect of making a march
1 of fifty miles in a day, and having in that several
skirmishes. Could men on foot have done that?
! We galloped into an Indian town and knocked
j down every Indian that could be seen, and then
i went in a gallop to the next town, and after over-
running that, we went to the next, and in that
1 manner they conquered in two weeks the mnst fe-
| rocious and warlike Indians in Oregon Territory.
I This was done by troops raised tor the Oregon
service, and who had been transferred to the dra-
goon service. 1 will say to the gentleman from
Texas, that none but mounted troops can operate
there. Infantry will not do there except to gar-
rison a post. These troops did good service m
Mexico. Mounted, as they were, they could gal-
, lop a whole day, as did the Texas troops, and on
; the next fight three or four Indian battles.
; Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not pretend to set up
i my knowledge of the character of the country in
■ Oregon to that of the Delegate of that Territory;
, but what I said was this, that the Commander-in
| Chief of the Army, and the Secretary of War
! had decided that that country was not adapted to
mounted troops, but that infantry was a better
1 species of force. Now, by a resolution of this
■ House we undertake to overrule that opinion and
; to order back to Oregon a regiment which has been
: ordered from California to the frontier of Texas
| and New Mexico. It strikes me that this ought
; not to be done, and that it would be presumption
1 in this House, without investigation, to overrule
' both the President and the Secretary of War in rela-
j tion to the disposition of the Army, or any por-
tion of it. Let an inquiry be instituted by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and let a proper
investigation take place, before the Administration
is set right upon this point if it is in an error; but
: do not let a resolution introduced in this manner.
■ attempting to make a disposition of the Army, be
1 forced through the House without investigation.
; The idea of the Administration is to give so much
infantry as is necessary to Oregon and Califor-
, nia, and to place upon the great prairies, the great
| open plains, the mounted troops, because they can
' opeiate in no other place to advantage against the
Indians. There is another consideration in con-
1 nection with this matter. By this time the regi-
■ menf has arrived in Texas, which is under the com-
mand of General Smith, who is in command of
the eighth military division, and great expense has
been incurred in theirremoval. You propose, upon
a simple resolution, to order their second removal,
thus incurring a double expense. If you undertake
that, you ought at least to do what you failed to
do at the last session of Congress, give the Quar-
termaster's Deportment sufficient money where-
with to operate upon the frontier in defence of the
country.
It appears now, from the report of the Secretary
of War, that the Quartermaster's Department is
destitute of funds and is in debt, and it also,
appears that he cannotprotect the frontier, for the
I very reason that he has no money in the Q,uar-
i termaster's Department with which he can mount
j and move troops, and with which he tan make a
disposition of any portion of the Army. It strikes
me, it would be a far more useful inquiry to ask
of the Committee of Ways and Means, why they
have not, before this late day, reported the defi-
ciency bill required by the estimates of the Secre-
tary of War, thus providing for the necessary
wants of the Army.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, but these estimates were referred
on the 13th of last month.
Mr. HOWARD. If these estimates were re-
ferred in this House on the 13th of last month, it.
seems to me that between the Committee of Ways*
and Means and the printing of the House, there
has been a peifect stop-law to all the business.
Mr. DUNHAM. That may be all true; but it
cannot be expected for the Committee of Ways and
Means to act upon the estimates sent to the
Speaker's table, before they are printed and sent
to the committee. They will act upon them when
in their hands; and if the gentleman wants a
remedy, he must find it there, and not in the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOWARD. When the public, interest
demands immediate action and immediate appro-
priation; when the whole frontier is in a state of
warfare and bloodshed, it strikes me, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means could act upon a mat-
ter which embraces no more than six pages of
printed matter. They could act upon these esti-
mates without their being printed at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would hlce to ask the
gentleman if they have authority to do that, when
the House have ordered these estimates to be
printed ?
Mr. HOWARD. At whose instance were they
ordered to be printed? Was it at the instance of
the Committee of Ways and Means? The motion
proceeds from the Committee of Ways and Means,
or one of its members, and neither is it strictly
true, because they are ordered to be printed that
they must remain forever in the hands of the
pi inter, unless he chooses to execute the print-
mg.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] is laboring under an error, when
he says that the deficiency estimates were referred
early in the last month. The deficiency estimates,
as far as his appropriation is concerned, were pre-
sented to this House some time in January, but
they have not reached the Committee of Ways
and Means in full yet. I have the estimates that
have been printed and furnished to the Committee
of Ways and Means, but the majority of the mem-
bers of that committee have not received them yet.
The gpntleman says we can act upon the manu-
script communication that has been made to this
House, We do not get possession of the manu-
script copy, and we have not the right to it. It is
ordered by the House to be taken to the printers—
it is taken there, and there it lies.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I call the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to order.
The question of printing has nothing to do with
the resolution before us.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think my friend from
Florida is getting a little excited.
Mr. CABELL. 1 insist upon my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
it is not in order to discuss the question of print-
ing.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] was allowed to discuss this very
subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not inclined to
call either the gentleman from Texas [Mr. How-
ard] or the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
