1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
Mr. HALE. It is to place him on a footing
with the chief justice, and give him $3,500.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 cannot understand why
we should increase this amount to $3,500, when
$3,000 would place this judge upon a footing with
the associate justices of the supreme court of the
State of Massachusetts. Certainly, he is not a
judge of higher dignity, or requiring a higher order
of qualification than the associate justices of the
supreme court of that State, and I can see no rea-
son why he should be given that higher position
which we must accord to him by giving *him a
higher salary. I venture to say that the order of
talent, or of attainment, is not required to be higher
in the performance of his duty, than those talents
and attainments which are required by the associ-
ate justices of the supreme court of the State of
Massachusetts. I appeal to the Senator from
Massachusetts if that can be so.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am very anxious not to
bring myself under the condition stipulated by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. I under-
stand that this question was discussed, with regard
to the compensation of the district judge of New
Hampshire, and the Senate determined to fix the
compensation upon the same footing with that, of
the chief justice of the State, i would say, fur-
ther, to the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
that he is entirely mistaken in one point. The
duties of this judge, sitting in the circuit court of
the United States, alone, are much more onerous
than the duties of any associate judge of any State;
because such associate judge has the assistance of
his associates, and of the chtef justice, while the
district judge of the United States, sitting alone in
the circuit court, as he is compelled to do, neces-
sarily has a responsibility which is far greater than
can be imposed upon any associate justice in any
State.
Mr. HALE. I want to make a suggestion to
the Senate, I know this judge, and I know some-
thing abouthis business, and concur io everything ;
which the Senator from Georgia has said; but 1
want to make an additional suggestion, which, I
think, will strike the honorable Senator from
Arkansas with great force. lie should remember
that this judge is situated right in the vicinity of
Bunker Hill .and Lexington, and Concord; the
people there have got some old-fashioned notions;
and hence it is very burdensome to enforce the
fugitive slave law there, which this judge has to
do. In view of these increased difficulties, grow-
ing out of his vicinage to these localities, which
take up so much of his time, and call for so much
exertion, this increased compensation ought to be
paid to him for that. I think he earned this ad-
ditional compensation last summer, in trials in
that clas^ of cases alone. I hope this consider-
ation will be sufficient to induce the honorable
Senator from Arkansas to forbear further oppo-
sition to the bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I have nothing to say on
that subject, except that I think it constitutes a
very poor claim upon the favorable consideration
of Congress, that this judge is charged, as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says, with ihe execu-
tion of the fugitive slave law, in view of the manner
in which that law has been executed. But, sir, I
will not pursue that subject.
1 am willing, in view of all the circumstances,
to vote to put this judge upon the same footing
with the associate justices of the supreme court of
Massachusetts, as I voted to put the districtjudge
for the State of New Hampshire upon the same
footing with the associate justices of the supreme
court of that State. I know very well that that
bill passed, givingto that judge the same compen-
sation as the chief justice of the State received:
but I voted for giving him the same salary which
was received by the associate justices of the State.
I shall act on the same principle in this case, and,
therefore, I move to amend the bill, by striking
out "$3,500," and inserting " $3,000.M
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. The object of the bill is, as I
have said before, to place this judge on the same
footing with the district judge of Southern New
York, the business of the two being considered
equal.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken upon the
bill, I wish to make a single remark. It was sug-
gested by the Senator from Georgia, that upon a
question which was submitted to the Senate a few
days ago, it was determined by the Senate to al-
low the same compensation to judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States wLich is allowed
forjudges of the same grade in the. States. It is
true that some Senators voted upon that principle,
but there were others who did not do so. Tnere
were some Senaters, myself among them, who
voted upon the principle of allowing a reasonable
compensation to the officers of the General Gov-
ernment, legardleas of what the States might pay
for similar services. I believe that to be the cor-
rect principle. I believe that there should not be
rivalry between this Government and the Stale
government in paying money to their officers.
.This Government should look higher than such
considerations. It should pay a fair and reason-
able compensation for the services rendered by its
officers; and no more. So far as the compensa-
tion allowed to officers by the States for particu-
lar services is an index to a reasonable compen-
sation—to a correct conclusion—that far i am
willing to take it, but no further. 1 think that
$:2,50O a year in sucli a State as Massachusetts,
where living is cheap, is a reasonable compensa-
tion for the discharge of ail the duties that a Fed-
eral judge is capable of performing. The number
of cases mat may come before him is not a matter
which should euter into the consideration of the
compensation. A judge is presumed to occupy
his whole time either m the discharge of his duties,
or in qualifying himself to discharge them; and
his compensation should be fixed with reference to
his occupying his time in the discharge of his
duties, i. think that the amount which misjudge
now receives (p2,5UU) is a fair compensation for a
districtjudge in Massachusetts or anywhere else,
and upon tliatgiound J shall voteagaiust the bill.
Mr. BCJTLER. I do not wish to say anything
to commit myself on this subject. This general
subject is before the Committee on the Judiciary
at tins time, and the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Bradbury,] one of the members of the committee,
has especial charge of it. We are endeavoring—
though i do not know that we shall attain the ob-
i jeU entirely—to have the salaues of the different
!'judges fixed according to the business in their
'; courts. 1 am not one of those wno would be wiil-
; ing, by any compensation or salary which may
ji be given to a Federal judge, to indicate that his
| judical dignity should m anywise be regarded as
■ j superior to that of a State judge. Nor can we
I regulate or indicate the dignity of such an officer
i' by the salaiyhe receives.
!i For instance, the judge of the United States
for the district of Florida, who has to hold his
I'court at Key West, has more business, I will
i answer for it, than all the State judges m Flor-
ida; and he has a kind of duty to perform that
requires his continual attention. From Bos-
i ton, from New York, from Baltimore, from Phil-
!f adelphia, and nearly all the cities on the Atlantic
coast, petitions have been received for an increase
:j of that judges salary; and if it is not increased
!j he will have to resign. Considering the duties he
has to perform, his salary should be above that of
| the State judges there. Then again, the rule
!■ would not operate well so far as regards Louisiana,
j In Louisiana, and particularly in one of the dis-
,j tricts in that State, it would be wrong to make the
;i salary of the district judge of the united States
; equal to the salary of the State judges.
;] The State judges there I believe receive $6,000,
'i a year. There are two Federal district judges in
ii the State of Louisiana; and 1 would not consent
ji that their salaries should be made equal to the sal*
|j ariesof the State judges of Louisiana. We can-
;! not lay down any uniform rule m regard to this
,i subject. Then, look up at New Hampshire, Ver-
ii mont, and other States of the kind, where there
| is very little busines for a Federal judge; and yet,
;! if you give a man the office, you must give him
' at least enough to enable him to live. 1 do not
\ know that I would be willing to give the Federal
:! judges of these States the same salary which the
\\ Slate judges there receive.
'j There are circumstances which should regulate
, | the salaries of the Federal judges in each case.
!! We cannot lay down an arbitrary rule upon the
II subject. I think, however, that perhaps the cor-
,■ rect rule would be that the Federal judges should
receive no more than the State judges. But still,
, i in all cases the compensation could not be regula-
■ ted by that rule. I would say to my friend from
;j Arkansas, that the business of the United States
courts in Boston, New York, and Florida, and
particularly in New York and Boston, takes up
more of the time of the Federal judge than all tho
business put together in Arkansas. I mean that
the maritime cases alone occuriing before these
courts amount to more than all the business of the
Federal judge in Arkansas. I do not suppose
that the judge there has anything to do with that
class of cases which continually require the atten-
tion, and the responsible attention, too, of the
Federal judges situated in Boston and New York.
As regards what was said by the gentleman
from New Hampshire about Bunker Hill, &c., I
do not understand what he was talking about.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I desire to
state, in two or three words, my objection to put-
ting the salary of the Federal judges above that of
the State judges of the same class. The objection
is twofold. In the first place, I think the provis-
ion would be economical. For the purpose of
ascertaining the proper compensation under the
circumstances in which a United States judge is to
live, I must confess I cannot conceive of any other
standard which is so proper and so reliable as the
amount of salary which the State governments
pay. They regulate their salaries according to
the circumstances immediately before them and
around them; and I think that what they establish
as a proper compensation for their judicial officers,
ought to be adhered to by the United States in
fixing the salary of their judicial officers who are
to live in the same States.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him, that this districtjudge, from the
nature of his occupation, is obliged to reside in
Boston, while the State judges in Massachusetts
may reside elsewhere; and that the expense1 of
living in the city of Boston is much greater than
the expense of living in the country.
Mr. BORLAND. Upon that ground, I think
that really the judges of the State courts are at a
great disadvantage. This judge, as the Senator
says, has to reside in the city of Boston. That
is his home, and he there holds the court. The
judges of the State courts, as the Senator well
knows, have to ride over extensive circuits, at
very great expense, involving very great labor, and
often very great exposure, to the neglect of their
private business and their homes. So that, upon
that ground alone, I think the disadvantage sug-
gested, is greatly against the State judges.
As I remarked before, I assume the amount
paid by the State governments to their judges
should be a proper and sufficient standard to which
we should determine the salaries of the Federal
judges.
The second objection which I have to this, is a
political one, and which I have stated here on a
former occasion. I think it is sufficiently evident
that the Federal offices have already more than
enough attractions to individuals to seek and desire
them. They present sufficient attractions to deter
individuals from taking office in most of the States
of the Union. As I said before—and I shall not
undertake to elaborate it now—this is an influence
which is working great mischief to thecharaciei
of our Government. Its tendency is to point to
this center; and it is strengthening what I consider
to be the most unfortunate and most, dangerous
tendency in our whole system of government. I
am unwilling, therefore, to minister to that ten-
dency—to give it one particle more strength than
it already has, by holding out to persons, whether
of the learned professions or not, inducements to
turn their backs, in disregard, from the offices and
honors of their own States, and look to this Gov-
ernment as the great disburser of office and of
patronage.
Upon these two grounds, I am opposed to this
increase of salary for this district judge, beyond
what the associate judges of the supreme court of
Massachusetts get. In the first place, I think that
amount is all-sufficient to pay for these services;
and in the second place, I think the district judge
cannot be considered a judsce of higher grade, or
that that office requires a higher order of qualifica-
tion, than that of the associate justices of the su-
preme court of that State.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the question will be
taken without further debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the question will
either be taken now, or that the bill will be laid
aside.
