2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21,
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to call his attention to the fact, that if the last Con-
gress voted this proposition down, this Coogress
has voted it up ? They have sanctioned the ser-
vices.
Mr. DUNHAM. They have simply done this:
He went out there,'and entered into certain con-
tracts connected with his mission. Then he came
back here. For the purpose of saving the services
in-California, we ratified those contracts, made in
violation of law. We did it not as sanctioning
the courser of the Department,but in order to save
the services in California; and I-say this thing
was done in the face of the action of this House,
which refused to grant the authority which was
then asked.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment offered by Mr. Fowlkr; and it
was agreed to.
The next clause was read", as follows:
<( For miscellaneous items,000."
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out that clause.
There is a looseness and uncertainty about that
which, it seems to me, is worthy of scrutiny. It
Is a. pretty large appropriation. What are the
items? Are they things too numerous or two
small to mention ? fn this bill there are appropri-
ations for wrapping-paper, for office-furniture, for
blanks, for mail-bags, for locks and keys, &c. It
seems to me that these are miscellaneous items,
which are small by themselves. What other
' items are miscellaneous ? Are they things which
cannot be named ? I should like to know what is
intended tube included under this head of miscel-
laneous items. I am unwilling to vote for so large
an appropriation as that without having some in-
formation upon the subject, and knowing what is
included in it. ft seems to me that it was as
easy to have named these miscellaneous items,
as to have named certain small items preceding
them. Unless we can have some information, 1
hope this item will be stricken out. What is it
for ? That is the question. Are we to vote
$90,000 without knowing anything about what it
is for? For one, I am unwilling to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary to consume any time in replying to these
questions. This is one of the items in all appro-
priation bills, and it will always necessarily be so.
There are a great many contingencies attending
the services of the Post Office Department in all
parts of the Union, which require things to be done,
which cannot be anticipated, and which cannot he
specified, especially since the extension of the
services of that Department in California, New
Mexico, and the distant Territories, all of which
are to be paid out of that item of appropriation.
It is necessary that a miscellaneous item of that
kind should be allowed. We examined those
items, as we did every contingent item in every
appropriation bill. They passed under our scru-
tiny, and we cut them down to as small an amount
as we thought would meet those contingent ser-
vices.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
what item they examined under this head?
Mr. HOUSTON. We examined the receipts
and expenditures of the last year, and thus ob-
tained the character of the expenditures under this
head. Those receipts and expenditures, neces-
sarily show, under the law, what every item is.
Mr. CLARK. Have they not a name, and
could they not be designated ?
Mr. HOUSTON. They had at least live hun-
dred names—as many as they were objects of ex-
penditure, and they have never been brought into
this bill separately.
This item has always been included in this bill,
since the first one was passed.
The question was then taken or  the amendment
of Mr. Clark, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, I offer another amendment. I
propose to reduce the sum to $20,000.
The gentleman from Alabama says that there
were at least five hundred items, to which an ap-
propriation of this kind is applicable, and that they
had names. No w, it seems to me that we might
have had some intimation^given to us as to what
this appropriation is for, and if there are really
five hundred of them, could not we have had five
of them specified. My Lord Coke says there is
something m an " &c.as in this, that, and the
other, "&c." But there is not even an " &c." to
this, not even a starting point for the " &c." We
know nothing of what-it is. I hope the amount
will be reduced to $20,000.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That all locks, keys, stamps, and paper par-
chased for the Post Office Department, be of the manufac-
ture of this country..
Mr. C. said: I wish, Mr. Chairman, to make
a remark upon.the principle involved in that
amendment. I wish to extend those remarks,
but I see how impatient—and justly, in my opin-
ion—is the honorable gentleman who has this bill
particularly in charge. I should like to reply to
some of the errors of the honorable gentleman
from'North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman;] and if I
do not now, I shall be compelled, upon some other
appropriation bill, to spend an hour or two upon
it. If the committee will allow me to present and
publish in another form—through the press—I will
not now occupy their time, nor trespass upon their
patience.
[Several Voices. " Very well!" " Very well!"
and " Go on !" "Go on !"]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object to pub-
lishing speeches not delivered here, unless it ap-
pears that the speech has not been delivered. The
reason is this: there are a great many things said
in these speeches, which no one has an opportu-
nity of answering, and hence they appear in our
published debates as unanswered.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is no objection, I
will withdrawmy amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the bill be laid
aside, with instructions that it be reported to the
House, in order that we may take up House bill
No. 212—the light-house bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution closing de-
bate upon this bill requires us to report it to the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the reading of the
resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Duncan,]
that under the order made by the House, it will
be necessary for the committee to rise and report
this bill to tiie House, unless the committee unan-
imously consent to a different course. The Chair
somewhat doubts whether it could be done even
by unanimous consent, but he would entertain the
motion.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I object.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly House bill No.
241, making appropriation for the Post Office De-
partment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853,
and had instructed him to report the same to the
House with an amendment, and to ask the con-
currence of the House therein.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Fowler, (which will be found in another
column,) and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed according
to order, was read the third time and passed.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN SALT SPRING LANDS.
Mr. STUART. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 30, entitled " Aj\
act to confirm to the State of Michigan certain
lands selected for saline purposes;" to which I
have called attention several times before. It is
for the correction of an error which occurred in
the General Land Office of the United States, from
which we have suffered since 1836. The bill con-
sists of only oae section.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up.
The Clerk read it through,.
Mr. STUART. I desire simply to-state, that
this does not propose to change the land ori-
ginally selected by the State of Michigan. That
original selection underwent an error in the Gen-
eral Land Office, in consequence of an act of-the
clerk in carrying down the towns and ranges. It
merely proposes to confirm to the State the land
originally selected; nothing more. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. HENN. I have examined this subject,
and it is all right.
Mr. EDGERTON, I will ,ask the gentleman
to allow me to attach an amendment to the bill for
a similar case in the State of Ohio ?
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman's amend-
ment be attached, it would be necessary to .send
the bill back to the Senate, and then the bill would
probably be lost.
The call/or the previous question wasseconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and according to order, was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Sneaker's table
" the bill for the relief of the Wilmington and
Manchester Railroad Company," and refer it to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection; and the bill was ac-
cordingly referred.
Mr. ALLISON. There is upon the Speaker's
table a bill which has passed the Senate for the
relief of two children of an officer of the Army
who died recently. I trust that there will be no
objection to its being taken up and acted upon.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object. I have got half
a dozen such cases. The Committee on Claims
have got fifty of them, and I will guaranty every
one of them. I move that the House now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is Senate bill No. 67, for the relief J. A. McGaw,
of New York, which was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and ac-
cording to order read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed,.and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next bill which came up for consideration
was Senate bill No. 66, entitled " An act for the
relief of William P. Greene," which was also re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and,
according to order was read the third time and
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next bill which came up was House bill
No. 152, for the relief of Patrick Gass, granting
three hundred and twenty acres of land.
Mr. COBB. That bill should not pass. I ask
the reading of the report accompanying it, as my
speech why it should be rejected:
ii The petitioner a^ks an appropriation of three hundred
and twenty acres of land, to be located by h''m anvwheie
on the public domain of the United Stares, where the same
could bp located by any one entitled to bounty land. This
is the amount of land granted by Government to the actual
settlers in Oregon, and the petitioner predicates the equity
of Ins claim to this bounty on the ju«t and reasonable
ground that he wa? one of the original exploratory of that
j distant country ; that his bravery, zeal, and devotion aided
materially in the discovery of theOregon river and its prin-
cipal tributaries, undei Lewis and Clark.
" The petitioner entered the service of his country in 1799,
remained in its military service till 1803, when he volun-
teered in the service of Lewis and Clark, and served faith*
' fully throughout their long and perilous journey.
