1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5m
of by "a large majority of this body, and 1 should
therefore be reluctant to allow such a matter to go
back to a committee which has already decided
upon it; and I would inform my frieud from Illi-
nois, that if it goes back again to that committee,
it will share us former fate. He had better, there-
fore, propo&e some other reference.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 have merely presented the
memorial at the request of this respectable lady,
and if the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary objects to its being sent to that committee,
I presume the better way will be to let it lie on the
taule.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator persist
in his motion?
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask if there has been
an adverse report upon this subject? If there has,
I will change my course.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps not directly an ad-
verse report, because her application was reported
upon by a hill. That bill proposed togive her the
right of appealing to the Supreme Court by a law
which reached back to cases that had arisen with-
in a period of five years, cases which had been de-
cided under the laws then existing; in other words,
to give her the benefit of a law operating retro-
spectively, when, in fact, no such law existed.
We decided against that, and introduced a bill
which should operate prospectively, giving to all
persons a right to appeal to the Supreme Court 1
from the decisions of the Circuit Court.
The memorial was then laid on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motiun by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petmon of Chester Gnswold, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the officers of the first regiment of Louisiana
volunteers, submitted an adverse report; which
was read.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
a company of sappers and miners, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill to repeal the act enti-
tled u An act for the organization of a company
of sappers, miners, and pontoniers," approved
May 15, 1846; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged Irom the further consideration of documents rela-
ting to the claim of John J5. Duval, and that they be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of documents in re-
lation to the claim of the widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Biien, and that they be refericd to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of i
Thomas Pember, submitted a report, accompanied j
by a bill for his lehef, which was read, and passed j
to the second reading. The report was ordered to '
be printed.
REFUNDING REVENUE TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to which was referred Senate
bill No. 44, entitled "A bill in addition to and
amendatory of an act entitled 4 An act to provide
for the settlement of the accounts of the public offi-
cers, and others, who may have received moneys
arising from military contributions, or otherwise,
in Mexico,' " approved March 3d, 1849, to report
the same back to the Senate, with an amendment,
and ask that the bill and amendment be printed.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be printed,
as a matter of course, and it is usual also to print
the amendments.
Mr. G-WIN. In connection with this subject,
I wish to give notice to the Senate, that when this
bill comes up for consideration, in accordance
with a resolution of the Legislature of California,
I will move to make some important amendments
to it. During the last Congress I brought this
subject to the notice of the Senate, prepared a bill,
and had it referred to the Committee on Finance,
authorizing the payment of the moneys collected
from the people of California, in violation of law
and the principles upon which this Government is
based, of no taxation without representation, to the
government of that State. At that time the Com-
mittee on Finance reported upon the bill, striking
out the whole of it, and authorizing the payment
to us of |30G,000 instead of the millions of dollars
which had been paid by us in violation of our
rights as citizens of the United States. Since the
adjournment of the last Congress, the Legislature
of California has acted upon this subject, and
passed resolutions in regard to it by a unanimous
vote, which I presented to the Senate some time
ago, and will now read.
As this is a question of great importance to the
people of that State, I will beg the indulgence of j
the Senate while I read the resolutions, which" j
truly represent the unanimous voice of the people j
of the State: j
Joint Resolutions relative to the Civil Fund of California. I
Resolved by the Senate and .Assembly, That we view '
with feelings of surprise and regret, the action oi Congiees !
m refusing to i el und to the State of California, moneys col-
lected m her ports and from the honest industry of her citi-
zens previous to her admii-sion into the Fedeial Union.
Resolved, That we consider the fund heretoiore known
a? the Civil Fund of California, to be the property of tins
State, and that any other appropriation of it by the General
Government we hold to be unjust and ungenerous;. Ta.va
tion without representation, is a principle always repudiated
by the American people.
Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives be re-
quested to continue all honorable exertions to piocuie fiom
Congress the recognition of our right to the moneys takeu
from us bj the General Government, and an appiopnation
to that effect, and that we call upon our sit-ter States to see
that this art oi justice isperfoimed towards the youngest of
the Republic.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to piesent to
om Senatois and Repiesentativcs, each, a copy of the ioie
going resolutions. JOHN BIGLER,
Speaker of the Assembly,
DAVID 0. BR0DER1CK,
President of the Senate.
Approved, May 1, lPol.
'JOHN MeDOUGAL.
It is known to the Senate that I had these reso-
lutions referred to the Committee on Finance, of
winch I am a member; and I moved, in commit-
tee, that a bill be reported accordingly. I am sorry
to say that 1 stood solitary and alone in favor of
the introduction of such a bill; and I now give no-
tice, that when the bill reported comes befoie the
Senate, I will make an appeal to the representa-
tives of the several States of the Union to interfere
and render effective this act of justice to Califor-
nia.
In addition to this, there was another class of
meritorous claims which were referred to the same
committee, designed to make some compensation
to those patriotic citizens who prevented a num-
ber of American citizens from starving by furnish-
ing them with support en route, and on their arrival
in that country. This proposition was made by
me, not alone in consequence of the suggestions of
my own mind, although it met my cordial appro-
bation, but in accordance with instructions from
the Legislature of California. The resolution is
this:
Joint Resolution for the relief of Captain William Waldo,
Charles N. Hall, and J.J. Petrie.
Resolved, (the Assembly concutnng.) That our Senator?
m Congress be instructed, and our Representatives re-
quested, to use their influence and efforts to obtain an ap-
planation from Congress for the lehef of J. J. Peine;
also, for the relief of Captain William Waldo and Charles
N. Hall, for inonej e.\pended by them in affording relief to
the de-titnre and putfcinig overland immigration, while
acting under the direction of the Sacramento Relief Com-
pany ; and that the Govci nor of this State be tcqucstedto
foiwaid tins resolution to our Senators and Representatives
in Congiess. JOHN BfGLKR,
Speaker of the Jls^cmhly,
DAVID C. BRODERXCK, *
President of the Senate.
Approved, Jlvril 5, 1851,
JOHN MeDOUGAL.
I also made an unsuccessful effort to have some
appropriation made to pay these just and merito-
rious chums, but I was equally unsuccessful in
that effort. And I give notice, that when this bill
comes up, I shall introduce an amendment to carry
into effect the object of that resolution of my State. 1
That the Senate may be apprised of the princi-
ple 1 am contending for, I will have printed with
these remarks the bill relating to this subject as
originally introduced by me:
A Biil to authorize and direct the payment of certain mon-
eys into the tred^-uiy ot the Slate of California, which
were collected m the poits oi said State as a levenue
upon import-, since the ratification of the treaty of peace
between the United States and the Republic of Mexico,
and prior to the admission of said State into the Union.
Be it enacted hij the Senate and House of Representa-
fives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That it is hereby made the duty of the President of
the United States, to cause to be paid into the treasury of
- .,  -     ....v. forty-
eight, to the day on winch the collector appointed under the,
act entitled An act to extend the revenue laws ot the U K
ted States over the territory and wafers of Upper Califqr-
t° create a collection district therein," approved '
u r5 . ee? e?ghteen hundred and forty-nine, entered tipoi*
the duties of his office. Ptovided, That such moneys so to
be paid to the State of California, shall be exclusive <<f all
sums properly expended under the directions of the military
dejaclo governors, tor the necessary expenses of collecting
the same; and also all sums properly and ju.-tly expended
under the directions of said officers for the purpose of car-
rying on and sustaining the de /«cfo government, which
evicted from the condition of peace between the United
States and Mexico, until the present State government of
California went into operation.
Sec.2. JJndbe it. finther enacted. That itis hereby made
the duty of the President oi the United States to cause to
be paid into the treasury of the State of California, all
moneys collected as a levenne upon imports m the ports
now embraced within the limit* of said State, from the day
on which the eollectoi appointed under the act aforesaid,
approved third March, eighteen hundred arid forty-mne, en-
tered upon the duties of his office, to the day on which the
State of California was admitted into the Union : Pioiided.
That all such moneys so directed to be paid over shall be
exclusive of ail amounts properly disbursed in collecting
the same.
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That itis hereby matte \
the duty of the President of the United States to cause f
to be paid into the treasury of the State of California, ali m
moneys collected in tfie ports now embraced within the 4i
limits of said State, as hospital and light dues, and winds
moneys were so collected prior to the day on which said
State was admitted into the Union.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authonzod to provide and pre-
scribe such regulations, vouchers, and other forms, a:, in
Jus judgment will be best calculated to carry out the fore-
going piovisions of this law.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to discuss
this subject at the present time.
JVIr. PEARCE. I was about to say, that as the
bill is not now under consideration, I did not con-
aider it proper to reply to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from California; but when it is before us for
consideration I hope I shall be able to vindicate
the course of the committee.
Mr. GWIN. I will meet the Senator there.
ENGROSSED BtLL PASSED.
The following engrossed bill was read a third
time and passed: ^
An act supplementary to several acts of uon-
gress, providing for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other purposes.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND "WARRANTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
to make land warrants assignable, and for other
purposes; and,
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That they be referred to the Committee on Pub-
He Lands.
EXILED IRISH PATRIOTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution expressive of the sympathy of Con-
gress for the exiled Irish patriots, Smith O'Briera
and Thomas F. Mergher and their associates.
Mr. SEWARD, (who has the floor on this sub-
ject.) Mr. President, I move the postponement
of that resolution untii to-morrow, and that it be
the special order for that day, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. It is now a special order,,
and if postponed it will come up to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I make the motion to
postpone until to morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Mr. Clarke's resolutions on the subject of non-
intervention. The pending question is the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Cass to the amendment of
Mr. Seward.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senateat length on the
subject. Pie considered the subject in all its bear-
ings; he depiecated any demonsti ation of violence,
and maintained the right, justice, and propriety of*
an open declaration of our opinion upon the sub-
ject of violations of the law of nations. His
speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. CLEMENS. For the purpose of enabling"
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Badger]
to conclude an unfinished speech, I move that the
farther consideration of this subject be postponed
