2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21.
Mr.- HUNTER. That item is in pursuance of
estimate.
.The amendment was-agreed to. .
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert—
"For completing the construction of the marine hospital
at San Francisco, California, and For arranging the grounds,
fencing, furnishing warming apparatus, and snpeuntend-
ence thereof, $130,000." ;
Mr.-HUNTER. That is in pursuance of an
estimate from vthe Department. They say that,
o\ying to the great expense of maintaining sick
and'disabled.seamen, it is important that this hos-
pital should be finished at once. The Committee
on Finance were oX the same opinion, and agree
to the estimate of tlje Department. i
The amendment was'agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following;
" For purchasing asiW,.and the construction of a suitable
building at Wilmington, Delaware, for custom-house, post
officcj court-rooms, and other offices of the United States,
and furnishing the &ame, §25,000: Piooided, That the said
lot and building shall be exempted from city and all other
taxes whatever, by the act of the Legislature of Delaware:
Jind provided further, That before the Secretary of the
Treasury phall erect the said building, it shall lust be his
duty to procure a pioper site, oi Jot of ground, and to make
a contract, or contracts, for the erection of said building
and furnishing the &.une, at a sum or stuns which shall not
in the whole exceed the sum of $25,00:), inclusive of 'said
jot, which said contract or contiacts shall he secured liy
good and sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of the said
Secretary of the Txeasuiy and President of the United
Mr. HUNTER. This is m pursuance of an
estimate sent to us for the. erection of a- building
for a custom-house, post-office, and court-room,
at Wilmington, Delaware,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation "for incidental ex-
penses of the several land offices," from $30,000
to |34,240.
Mr. HUNTER. The object is to restore the
amount to the original estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
amend the clause appropriating $22,500 " for sur-
veying private claims in California," so as to
make it read:
" For surveying private claims in California, which may
have been presented m good faith to the Board of Land
Commissioners, ,"$2:2,500: Provided, That the authority
hereby conferred on the s.ui wyor general shall apply only
to such unconfirmed easc^ n<s, in the gradual extrusion of
the lines of the public suivrys, he snail find within the im-
mediate sphete ul Ins operations., and which he is satisfied
ought to be lespocted and actually surveyed in advance oi
confirmation."
Mr. HUNTER. This is a limitation upon the
clause as it came from the House. It provides
that the surveyorgeneral shall survey these private
land claims which maybe presented in good faith
to the Board of Commissioners. The proviso is
taken from a bill which was reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. KELCH. I wish to inquire whether that
is all the limitation which the bill alluded to
contains?
Mr. HUNTER. My impression is that it is.
The amendment way agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
u For completing the geological suivey of the iron region
of that portion of Michigan which borders on Lake Supe-
rior, $1,500."
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of an
estimate. The estimate was not made originally,
but it was afterwards found necessary, in order
to complete this geological survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
" For the compensation of a clerk in the office of the
Commissioner of Public Building*, S'1,^00."
Mr. HUNTER. That is an item which the
Senate, for some time past, have inserted annu-
ally, and the House have usually stricken it out.
My own opinion is, that the Commissioner ought
to have a clerk, for he has a great many duties to
discharge.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out "§1,200," and inserting
" $1,000." The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia had intended^to propose an amendment,
giving the Commissioner a clerk at a salary of
$1,000; but they have been anticipated by the i
Committee on Finance. . j
"Mr. HUNTER. I- have no objection to the i
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island. •
" The amendment to the amendment was agreed- j
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed to. j
The next amendment of the committee was to j
increase the appropriation "for the purchase of
manure for the public grounds" from $600 to
|1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to 1
insert:
(i To complete and revise the grades in the city of Wash-
ington, and to-determine the plans for the draining and
sewerage thereof,-$6,000,; the surveys and plans to be made
by the engineer now in charge of that duty, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States."
Mr. HUNTER. A former appropriation was
made for this object, which has proved to be one
of the most useful appropriations ever made m
the District. This is designed to continue it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
"To enable the President of the United States to cause
the necessary surveys, projects, and estimates to he made
for determining the best means of affording the city of
Washington an unfailing and abundant supply of good and
wholesome water; report thereof to be made to Congress
at its next session, the sum of $5,900."
Mr. HUNTER. This is according to estimate.
It was thought best, as the object was one in rela-
tion to which some differences of plan existed,
that it should be sent to one of the Engineer De-
I partments for estimates and plans and surveys.
1 This appropriation is according to the estimate
from the Department for that purpose.
Mr. BRADBUliY. This subject has been
j before the Committee on the District of Columbia;
I and after some examination, in consideration of
j the great amount of expenditure now going on in
i this District,thecommitteedid notseefit to recom- j
mend any estimate of the kind. How the subject i
: has been brought before the Committee on Finance, I
| the chairman of that committee has already indi- |
: cated. Itappears to me that it would be unwise,at
j this time, to incur this expense. We are already
; expending many hundred thousand dollars here,
! ana it is believed that whenever a survey of the
.[ land is undertaken, it might as well be undertaken
■' under the direction of some committee of Congress,
1 who should have something to say in designating
' the various surveys that may be made- I hope
j the amendment may not be agreed to. I see but
' one other member of the Committee on the District
, of Columbia present—the Senator from Rhode
i Island, [Mr. Claiike]—and I think his recollection
| will correspond with mine.
I Mr. CLARKE. The fact is as the honorable
: Senator from Maine has stated. This proposition
| is to appropriate $5,000 for a survey, and for a re-
j port upon the best means of supplying the city of
i Washington with water. Now, it is well known
i| that an abundant supply of water for the city of
| Washington may be obtained within three or four
1 miles of this place. The proposition to appropri-
i ate #5,000 for a survey, appears to me to be of no
, use. The Committee on the District of Colutn-
i bia had this subject under consideration, and they
j did not propose, at the present time, to recommend
I any appropriation for the purpose. It would be
. very expensive, and the appropriations that are
: already contained in this bill for the city of Wash-
; ington, exclusively of the public buildings, amount
i to $120,514; and there are certain amendments to
I the bill which are to be proposed by the chairman
i of the Committee on the District of Columbia,
, [Mr. Shields,] which will swell this amount to
! about $200,000. It appears to me that that is
j enough, in fact too much, to be expended at one
! time. Besides, this appropriation is for a mere ex-
ploration of the ground—a mere survey—to ascer-
: tain in what manner the city of Washington can
! be supplied with water. It seems to me to beun-
j necessary at the present time. If you make the
j survey, it implies an intention to go on and carry
I out the object of supplying the city with water, no
; matter at what expense. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have not recommended this
appropriation; and, for myself, I think it is not
necessary to insert it now in the bill.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it strikes me that
if there ik one single appropriation, which there
is an imperative obligation upon Congress to make,
it is this. Since.I nave been in the city at the
present session, there have been several occur-
rences which have suggested its necessity to my
mind. I remember that, very early in the session,
I was called out in the evening by an alarm of fire
at the corner of Four-and-a-half and C streets, I
think. I stood there, and saw building after build-
ing burn down, without a pail-full of water to put
out the fire. The fire was exhausted and stopped,
merely because there was no other building within
its reach which could be'consumed. Subsequently
to that, I was called up at midnight by a fire very
near the house where I was boarding; which ex-
hausted itself in the same way, for there was no
water on hand there.
X w^uld be perfectly willing to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by inserting after the word
"dollars" the words "or so much thereof as may
be necessary,'5 so that the Department need not
feel themselves under'obligation to spend the whole
$5,000. If there be a place m the world where
there should be some facilities afforded for obtain-
ing water—and especially when fhe'y can be ob-
tained as easily as they can be obtained here—it
seems to me that it is at the capital of the nation.
Ask, sir, any of the citizens of Boston, New
York, or Philadelphia, if they would abandon th.eir
facilities for water in case of fire—which they have
procured at such great expeuse—and they would
tell you that, great as has been the expenditures
for that purpose, they would rather double and
treble them than give up the facilities they have
for putting out fire.
This city, the capital of the nation, over which
we have exclusive legislation, is, I think, the worst
provided with water, in case of fire, of any place
that I ever saw in my life. At the same time we
have, within a very short distance, at the Falls of
the Potomac, the facilities of bringing in a supply
of pure and wholesome water, perhaps at less ex-
pense and with greater ease than any other city of
similar size in the whole United States. It never
will be done until there has been an exploration
and a survey made that may be laid before Con-
gress, so that we may be enabled to determine
whether the object is practicable and feasible, and
for what it may be accomplished. I think that,
as a matter ofvsafety for our public buildings and
our public records, we owe it to ourselves that we
should inquire, at least, at what expense this may
be done. The cities of Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia, have faxed themselves to the amount
of millions in order to get good supplies of water;
and they would double the expense rather than
forego the advantages they have secured.
I move to amend the amendment of the com-
mittee by inserting after " $5,000" the words " or
so much thereof as may be necessary;" and with
that I am willing to talte it. With that qualifica-
tion I hope we may make this exploration; so that
at another session we may, at least, have light be-
fore us to know whether the object is practicable;
and if it be practicable, at what expense it can
be accomplished.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no "objection to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
but I do not see any particular necessity for it.
There was some difficulty in the Department in
making an estimate of the precise amount with,
exactness; and of course I presume they will ex-
pend no more than may be necessary for the ob-
ject. I do not know that I should disagree, if the
Senator from Rhode Island were to desire to re-
duce the appropriation, if that would satisfy him.
All that I desire is, to have some appropriation
made to enable us to get surveys, plans, and esti-
mates, that the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, at the next session, may have the means
of" selecting the best plan, in order to recommend
it to Congress for adoption.
Various estimates were sent to us for accom-
plishing the object. Such is the want of water in
the public Departments, that the Commissioner of
Public Buildings sent m an estimate for collecting
more water at the spring on the hill, from which a
supply of water is furnished to the Capitol and the
Departments. But, instead of expending some
$40,000 or $50,000 in this way, it seemed to us
better to obtain some plan which would accom-
plish the whole object at once.
Water is not only very necessary here for the
purposes indicated by the Senator from New
Hampshire, when fire occurs, but there is an actual
