512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
until the dayafter to-morrow, and made the special
order for that day. ... ,
Mr. BADGER. X have no objection to the
motion of my friend from Alabama to postpone
this subject till the day after to-morrow, but I ob-
ject most decidedly to commencing my speech to-
day when it is almost three o'clock.
Mr.'CLEMENS. The Senator need not pro-
ceed until to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the motion will be agreed
to, as I want to ask the Senate to go into Execu-
tive session on a matter of some importance.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 10, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler, Chaplain
ef the Senate.
/ The Journal of yes terday was read and approved.
M TROOPS ON THE OREGON ROUTES.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business in
order, the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted, yesterday, a resolution
offered by thegentlemanfrom Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
in reference to routes to Oregon; and that upon
* that motion the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] was entitled to the floor.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, leave wasgranted
to withdraw from the files of the House the pa-
pers in the case of Peter Covil,for the purpose of
reference to the Pension Department.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire, with the
f>ermission of the gentleman from Indiana, to ask
eave to report back from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, Senate bill amendatory of the act entitled ' An
act to provide for holding the courts of the Uni-
ted States in case of the sickness or other disa-
bility of the judges of the district courts, ap-
proved July 29th, 1850.
* TH% bill is a very short one, and may be dis-
posed of in a few moments. There is a very ur-
gent necessity for its passage.
Mr. GORMAN. What disposition does the
gentleman propose to make of the bill ?
Mr. KING. I desire to put it upon its passage.
It will not take two minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I object to it.
The resolution, the vote on the adoption of
which, H is proposed to reconsider, is as follows:
Resolved, That the 1'iesidcnt of the United States bo re-
quested to communicate to the Ilout<o what steps, if any,
have been taken to insure the protection of emigrants cn
route to Oregon, against the depredations of the Indian^ of
that Territory; ami in ca^e no such steps have been taken
for that purpose, that he be leqtiested to cause the regi-
ment of Mounted Rifles to be placed upon duty within the
Territory of Oregon—the service for which said troops
were created—and that lie cause a portion of said regiment
to be posted upon the mam cimgiant road from St. Joseph,
on the Missouri, between Fort Hall and the Dalles of tne
Columbia river, and the remainder thereof to be posted in
tiie Rogue River Valley, on the load from Oregon to Cali-
fornia, said troops being nece^ary tor the protection of
emigrants and others traveling said road.
Mr. GORMAN. The subject now under the
consideration of the House is the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
in regard to the disposition of certain troops, for
the protection of emigrants cn route for that Ter-
ritory. I have but a few observations which I
desire to submit to the House, and I shall not ac-
cupy the time allowed under the rule. Those re-
marks I intend to address, as nearly as I can, to the '
subject-matter under consideration, without any jj
further digression than mav seem indispensable to ;i
my purpose. " j;
This resolution is introduced for the purpose of ,;
obtaining certain information from the President, i1
It also suggests to the President, as I understand j
it, the propriety of placing upon the Oregon route I
the mounted rifles. The point to which 1 wish to *!
diiect the attention of the House is this: that un- i
der the law creating that regiment, the mounted 1
rifles were raised for the jOreo-on service- they
were to he put upon that servic?, and for theiden- ,
tical purpose proposed to be accomplished by the 'I
gentleman from Oregon, in his resolution. The
Secretary of Wftr, in his last annual report, makes
the following allusion to the subject; he says,
speaking of the force already sent out to Oregon:
" This force is deemed entirely inadequate for the pro-
tection of the inhabitants, particularly of Oregon. The
Governor of that Territory has represented this fact, and
has urged an increase of the force stationed within it. The
means now at the disposal of the Department do not enable
it to comply with this demand."
The Governor here alluded to, is the honorable
gentleman now representing that Territory. The
Secretary of War proceeds:
" In my last annual repoit I recommended the creation
of a new regiment of mounted men. The withdrawal of
the regiment of mounted riflemen from the Pacific has, to
some extent, diminished the necessitj of creating an addi-
tional regiment of thatdeseription of force, as that country
is not peculiarly adapted to cavalry, and its place may well
be supplied by infantry."
Now, it is in reference to that recommendation,
and to tiiesubject-matterof the resolution, to which
I would ask the attention of the House. The Sec-
retary of War will excuse me if I differfrorn him
j in relation to that recommendation, for no gentle-
man upon this floor has a higher regard for him,
as a gentleman and a man, than I have. But the
idea of a recommendation to this Congress to sub-
stitute infantry for mounted troops upon the fron-
tier service, is so anomalous in its character, ond
so much in conflict with all military experience,
that it struck me at first blush as the most re-
markable recommendation I ever heard. The idea
of using infantry in preference to mounted troops
on the exposed frontier, against Indians maraud-
ing to and fro, committing depredations at one
point to-day, and at another point forty miles dis-
tant to-morrow, does seem to me to be a most re-
markable recommendation.
But, sir, what was the object of raising this rifle
regiment? I say to the House, that the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has stated it cor
rectly. This rifle regiment had its origin in the
recommendation of the President of the United
States to the Twenty-ninth Congress. That rec-
ommendation wi)l be found in the Congressional |
Globe for the first Session of the Twenty-ninth I
Congress. The President said: j
"For the piotection of emigrants, while on their way to
Oregon, against the attacks ot the Indian tribes occupying
the country-through winch they pass, I lecommend that a
fcuitable number of stockades and block-house fort*; be
erected along the usual route between our fiontier settle-
ments on the Missouri and the Rocky Mountains; and that
an adequate force of mounted riflemen be raised to guard and
protect them on their journey."
That recommendation of the President of the
United States, made at the commencement of the
Twenty-ninth Congress, brought the subject up
for consideration before the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It will be found, by reference to
page 726 of the same Congressional Globe, that the
subject was debated, and that the very point made
by'every individual who participated in that de-
bate was, that these troops were to.be a guard for
emigrants going to Oregon. No member upon this
floor, who looks into the history of the law by
winch this mounted regiment was created, can
come to any other conclusion—first, from the rec-
ommendation of the President; and secondly, from
j the debate upon the subject—than that the regi-
i ment was raised for that service, and for thatalone.
Mr. Benton, in the Senate, made a speech on
the subject—which will be found in the Congres-
sional Crlobe—in which he took this same view;
and Mr. Gordon made a speech in this House, in
which he also took the same view.
Mr. Gordon, in his speech, said:
"Now, in the opinion of the President, it is necessary
that, in this paitioular service, there should be a pmncular
foice—a force of mounted riflemen ; and that the oidmarv i <
1 infantry force of tin* country would not answer the pm pose. ! i
| What is the object of establishing the^e block-house forts, ,'
; and stockades, and organizing this force of mounted rifle- ]|
: men? It is not only to protect emigtams on their way to /
Oiegon, but to encourage then emigration timber. And j]
unless we are prepared to abandon, not on>v the assertion ;!
of our claims, but our claims themselves, to Oregon, and to t!
present ourselves in opposition to the President, we are 11
hound tn cairy out his recommendation, and, as I think, to ;i
establish this force in that region of the country.'5 '1
And again: *
" IS(0 v, for the purpose of protecting emigrants on their
way to Oiegon, and ofencouraging their going theie, t am ,
in favor of having one regiment of liflemen"mounted, in
whole or in part, at the discretion of the President, for this '
peculiar service, between the Missouri and the Rockv ij
Mountains, ;is well as for the purpose of kcepm? the Tn- !
diansm check, and pi eventing hostilities on their part against 11
our frontier settlers " I j
There was not an individual who spoke upon ii
the subject, in either end of the Capitol, who took
any other view than that this, mounted regiment
was designed for the protection of emigrants to
Oregon. The President, or the Secretary of War
under his advice and counsel, has ordered the
mounted riflemen from the Pacific border, and left
but few, if any, troops on that long and exposed
Indian frontier, and these troops are not mounted.
This force are troops that are stationed at certain
points along other routes,and this route proposed
to be protected by this mounted rifle regiment is
now defenceless.
Mr. EVANS, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman if I am to understand him to say
that President Taylor, or President Fillmore, with-
drew that mounted regiment?
Mr. GORMAN. Yes, sir, I do say so.
Mr. EVANS. My impression is—and I was
here at the time—that they were withdrawn by
President Polk.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, -the mounted regiment
was withdrawn 
Mr. LANE, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will allow me I will put this matter straight. I
pledge my word, that the gentleman from Mary-
land has got this thing wrong in his head. The
regiment was ordered to Oregon in 3849, and ar-
rived there m the fall of that year; they remained
there until the spring of 1851, when they were
ordered out of Oregon by the then Administration.
That is the true history of this regiment. The
gentlemen from Texas [Mr. Howard] fell into a
great mistake yesterday, when he said that the
regiment had been ordered from California and not
Oregon. That regiment never was in California.
Mr. EVANS. I did not say that it was.
Mr. LANE. No; but the gentleman from Tex-
as did.
Mr. GORMAN. I had supposed that it was
done under the administration of President Tav-
lor, but l*care not under whose administration !?
was done—whether under that of President Polk,
Taylor, or of Mr. Fillmore. I do not, upon this
occasion, intend, by any means, to attack the ad-
ministration either of President Taylor or of Mr.
Fillmore. My object is to getat the point, whether
the law originally passed did not intend the service
of the mounted riflemen, for this Oregon route. If
so, I ask, has not the Government, in ordering
that force from the Territory, gone m direct oppo-
sition to the intention of the law? That is the
point. It is the privilege, under the law, of the
President of the United States to order troops to
whatever positions he pleases; but the idea of
taking mounted men from the frontier of Oregon 
a mountainous country, and that portion which is
not mountainous being a large part of it prairie 
theldea of following Indians who almost invaria-
bly travel on horseback, with infantry, carrying
their muskets, rifles, cartouche-boxes, and pro-
visions, is certainly the most novel recommenda-
tion I ever heard in my life. I know of no man
in this country—there is none in this broad land,
save, perhaps, one man, and that is the gallant
Commander-in-Chief of the Army to whose
opinion in relation to theprotection of the country
and its frontier, 1 would pay more deference than
to that of the gallant Representative of Oregon.
He has given you a history of that country, and
many details of the Indian depredations.
Sir, a few commanders such as he is, would
soon rid this country from Indian depredations
upon that frontier. And when his opinions and
recommendations come in conflict with those of
the Secretary of War—I care not how well the
Secretary may be posted up in the military affairs
of the United States—his recommendation would
not weigh much with me in comparison with that
of the man whom I know marks out his designs
with judgment and skill, and executes them with
a dexterity and promptness not surpassed, if
equaled, by any other man who ever drew a
sword or stood before an enemy. I say, when I
come to see the recommendation of that man, I
feel that I am safe to follow it—a man, of whom,
I can say to the country and the world, that in
the hour of peril and danger, he sees at a <Hance
the weak points of the enemy and his own force—
and avails himself of the advantage instantly He
then goes into the contest with an eye that never
blinks and a heart that never falters, combined
with a love of country and a patriotism that lias
no superior in this broad land; when I come to
hear him recommend that a regiment of mounted
