THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 24, 1852.
New Series No 144.
scarcity of water now for the use of the Depart-
ments; and we know that it is becoming scarcer.
Such is the demand for water in this city, that it is
almost impossible—and, unless we have some
more stringent laws, I may say that it is impossi-
ble—to prevent persons'from tapping the pipes
which conduct the water along the streets to the
Departments. In case of fire, there is now on
this account, a very dangerous scarcity of water.
I look upon a sufficient supply of water as the
very first want of this city. he best mode of
obtaining it, and the most economical mode, it
seemed to us, was to get a plan and surveys from
the Engineer Department; upon which the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia could pass, and
from which they could select some suitable plan,
and present it for our consideration at the next
session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance will be adopted.
There are some three or four projects which nave
been entertained upon this subject. One is to
bring water from the Great Falls of the Potomac.
My opinion upon that subject is, that if it be
brought from those falls, by the natural law of
water finding its own level, you may get a supply-
that will reach higher than the dome of the Capi-
tol. Another project is to have a dam at the Little
Palis, some two or three miles above Georgetown,
and then, by means of force-pumps upon the plan
of the Schuylkill water-works at 1? h i lad el p h i a,
furnishing water from that point. A third plan is
to obtain a supply from Rock Creek.
Now, it seems to me to be absolutely necessary
that a competent engineer should go upon the
ground, examine the practicability of the various
plans which have been suggested, make his esti-
mates, and give us the results of his examinations,
so that Congress may act hereafter understand-
ingly on the subject.
This city, as every gentleman must have per-
ceived, is growing with a rapidity unparalleled in
its past history. This is visible to all of us. We
see new structures going up everywhere. Your
census tables show a vast increase in the popula-
tion of the city within the last ten years. Jf this
goes on, as I believe it will, the present supply of
water will not be sufficient for the demands, or
anything like the demands for private uses, inde-
pendent entirely of the public uses. Indeed, I be-
lieve there is now a deficiency in the supply of
water for private uses, in which this city, and all
the persons connected with the Government, its
legislative and executive branches, are interested.
The Governments intimately concerned in having
a good supply of water here. The object of the
amendment is to obtain preliminary information,
and I hope that engineers may be sent out to re-
port upon all the various plans, so that we may
have some data upon which we can act discreetly
and properly hereafter.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I do not intend
to oppose this appropriation. Perhaps no gen-
tleman here cares less than I do whether $5,000 are
appropriated, or more or less. But here you have
a corps of engineers. There are probably plenty
of them in the city doing nothing, and you pro-
pose to appropriate $5,000 to send one of them
out to make a reconnoissance and see, by proper
levels, from what point the city of Washington
can be best supplied with good and wholesome
water. That such a supply is necessary, I ad-
mit; and I agree with the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, that it will be of great service
to the city of Washington. That Senator speaks
of the supply of water at Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia. Have either of those cities been
supplied with water by the Congress of the United
States? No, sir, they have supplied themselves
with water, and they force those who use it to
pay a tax for the use and benefit of it. It is a
regulation of their own, which I have no doubt
has been a benefit to them.
Sir, I should like to have this amendment
amended so as to include the city of Georgetown
within its provisions. I have referred to the ap-
propriations con tained in this bill for Washington;
144
I have a list of them here, and they amount to
something like $290,000. Yet there is not a single
solitary appropriation for thecity of Georgetown.
Georgetown is as much within the legislative con-
trol and care of Congress, and is entitled as much
to the paternal regard of this Government as the
city of Washington, although the Capitol and
public buildings are located here. The citizens of
Georgetown have to look to the Government as
much as the citizens of Washington. We have
the right of exclusive legislation over both. It
appears to me as if the city of Georgetown has
been treated, and is about to be treated, as we
sometimes hear of poor cousins and poor relations,
as if they came in left-handedly from the wrong side
of the blanket. I think that Georgetown isenti-
tled to some consideration. If it be important
that the city of Washington should be supplied
with water in order to extinguish fires, and in or-
der to supply the inhabitants, it is equally import-
ant to the city of Georgetown.
I do not oppose particularly this appropriation.
I care nothing about it; but m my short experi-
ence here, I have noticed that whenever you make
an. appropriation, the whole of it will be expended
and probably more will be asked for to supply de-
ficiencies. if you now appropriate $5,000 for this
object—which I can get done in the poor country
from which I come from for §500—it will certainly
be all expended, and the probability is that we
shall be called upon for $5,000 more, and that,
too, by a corps of engineers who belong to the
United States, who are paid by the United States,
plenty of whom have nothing to do, and might
employ themselves, their time, and their instru-
ments, in making all the surveys necessary.
If the amendment is to pass, I shall move to in-
sert, after the word "Washington," the woids
" and the city of Georgetown," so as to give this
remote and poor relative a little share of the ad-
vantages that may be conferred by this appropria-
tion. If there is any reason why the houses and
the homes of the citizens of Washington should
be preserved from conflagration, the same reason
applies with exactly the same force to the citizens
of Georgetown. I make no opposition to the
amendment, although I think the appropriation is
too large, and perhaps in that view the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire may
do very well.
Mr. MANGUM. I am not prepared to ex-
press, or to form any opinion as to the amount
which should be appropriated. I understand,
however, from the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance that the amount proposed in the
amendment will be sufficient for the object of ob-
taining the preliminary surveys and estimates. As
to the importance of procuring a supply of water
for this city, there is not a gentleman present
who does not feel and know it. Where that sup-
ply is to be obtained—whether from Rock Creek,
or from the Potomac—should be subjected to a
proper scientific determination. It is necessary to
understand whether a sufficient supply can begot
at either of these points. It is also important to
know what amount of expenditure will be re-
quired. When we have this information, we
shall be prepared to legislate understanding^ on
the subject; and I feel a perfect conviction, that if
we had all the necessary preliminary information
to enable us to act in an intelligent manner, the
Congress of the United States would, in some
proper way, endeavor to procure a supply of water
for this city. I shall vote for the proposition with
a great deal of pleasure, and I have no objection
to including Georgetown in it.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is not to
include Georgetown. That amendment was sug-
gested by the Senator from Rhode Island; but it
cannot now be offered, as the question pending i3
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no particular objec-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, but I cannot see any necessity for it.
We know very well that whenever we make an
appropriation, it ia very sure to be expended. I
am not aware of an instance in which we have
undertaken to m'ake an appropriation, that the
whole amount has not-been expended, and in very
many cases we have been afterwards asked to
supply deficiencies. I therefore think that it is
almost useless to make any provision to limit the
expenditure, unless we reduce the amount of the
appropriation. Any other provision will be in-
effectual for the purpose.
Sir, 1 shall vote against this appropriation, not
because I am prepared to say that it is too much
to accomplish the objec.t—for I do not know that
it is too much, 1 do not know that it is even enough
—but I shall vote against it upon the general
ground that I do not consider it the duty of Con-
gress to establish water-works for this or any other
city. We expend an immense amount of money
here every year for the purpose of improving this
city. We are told that it is increasing and grow-
ing more rapidly than any other city perhaps in
the Union. What improves it? Whatincreases it?
The trade of the place ? The business of the city ?
Such business as builds up other cities? No, sir;
it is the money expended by Congress in the Dis-
trict,and nothingelse, which increases it. Remove
the seat of Government, leave Washington city to
depend on itself as a city, and upon the advantages
of its position for commerce, trade, or business of
any kind, and I apprehend six months would not
elapse before grass would grow in the streets; and
if a steamboat or vessel of any kind ever reached
its wharf, it would be merely on atrip of curiosity
or exploration, to look at what once had been the
seat of Government. Immense influence is brought
to bear to induce us to expend money for this city.
Complaints are made that we do not take care of
the city, when everybody knows that its whole
prosperity, in fact its very existence, is drawn
from the public Treasury.
I think it is time that some limit should be put
to this. The Senator from Rhode Island has al-
ready mentioned what is about the amount pro-
posed to be expended in other ways for this city.
I do not think he has quite gone up to the real
amount. I have not estimated it very precisely,
but I think he has fallen much below, rather than
exceeded, the amount proposed to be expended
here.
Why should we undertake to make all these
works for Washington more than for any other
city? Other cities have made their water-works,
and not called upon Congress to pay for them.
Other cities have made them by taxing the prop-
erty of their citizens, whose property was increased
in value thereby. We are told that real estate in
Washington city has increased most rapidly very
lately. 1 have heard it said that m many por-
tions of the city, where we have expended public
money, real estate has increased two hundred per
cent, within the last three years.
Mr. CLARKE. Three hundred per cent.
Mr. BORLAND. Now, will persons owning
property that is paying them, in addition to rents,
an increased value of two hundred or three hun-
dred per cent, per annum come before Congress
and say that it is necessary that we should go on
and improve that property for them ? Sir, I would
ask the Senator from Illinois how much it will
cost the city of Chicago to put up the water-works
there ? Will it not cost $900,000 ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the inquiry is directed to
me, I can only state that we are now constructing
water-works in Chicago, and my impression is
that the contemplated cost of them for the present
and the prospective wants of the city will be
about $250,000.
Mr. BORLAND. What is the population of
Chicago ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Forty thousand.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Arkansas,
if he examines the amendment, will see that it does
not bind the United States to bring water here at
such an immense cost, but it is to obtain a survey
and estimate of the cost of some plan. Of course
it will be decided by Congress hereafter whether
they will undertake the work or not upon the plan
proposed. But according to any plan the United
