1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2291
on Naval Affairs. It is usual for the Committee
on Finance to consider all matters of this kind.
The items in those bills generally make appropri-
ations to carry into effect existing laws, or for the
current service of the year, and the Committee on
Finance is the proper committee to consider them.
Mr. SHIELDS. I must have been exceeding-
ly unfortunate in the manner of expressing* my-
self, as I have been misunderstood by both the
Senators who have just spoken. I had not the
slightest intention of saying anything that would
bear the appearance of jealousy to the committee
presided over by the Senator from Virginia; for,
if I were to select a Senator who would devote
himself heartily to the performance of his duties,
I should certainly take that gentleman. There is
not a gentleman in this whole body for whom,
and for whose talents, assiduity, and fidelity, 1
have a higher respect. I would not think ofdraw-
ing any comparison between that Senator and
myself on these points. 1 will also say that I
have a very high respect for his committee. Sen-
ators have misunderstood me, if they imagined
that I uttered any complaint against the Commit-
tee on Finance. But here is what I complain of:
Gentlemen residing in the District, who are inter-
ested in the improvement of the city, are in the
habit of making application to the Committee on
the District of Columbia for the purpose of carry-
ing out some particular plan; and when they find
that that committee is unwilling to advance their
objects, they go to another committee, and make
application, very frequently with success. I will
give a case in point. We are coming; to an ap-
propriation of $18,000 for the repair of the bridge
across the Potomac. Some time since, I reported
a proposition from my committee for the appro-
priation of $12,000 for a similar purpose, as the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] no
doubt recollects; and that Senator's invincible lo-
gic demolished it in about fifteen minutes. Yet j
here we have the proposition renewed by the I
Committee on Finance, the difference being that'
they recommend $38,000, whilst we only proposed |
to appropriate $12,000. It is very probable, that j
if I had not called the attention of my friend from ■
North Carolina to it, it would have been passed
without being noticed by him.
Mr. BADGER. We will demolish that, also,
I hope.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have mentioned this not for
the purpose of throwing any reflection on the Com-
mittee on Finance, but solely for the purpose of
putting the Senate in possession of the mode in
which the business of these appropriations are
managed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I share whatever blame at-
taches, in consequence of the Committee on Fi-
nance having recommended this amount, though
I disclaim having had any knowledge whatever
that the Committee on Public Buildings had been
appealed to by persons interested in the matter.
I have not myself heard this amendment recom-
mended by any person in the city. I was in favor
of it on general grounds, believing that the con-
venience of the public would be promoted by
making some provision for water in the city. I
believe it is the duty of the General Government
to make provision for water in the city. I am
unwilling to give to any company the right to fur-
nish such an important item of the necessaries of
life, and hence I am in favor of the appropriation
of a reasonable amount, for the purpose of ascer-
taining what it will cost to furnish water to the
city outof the NationalJTreasury; and, if it can be
done for a convenient sum, then, at some subse-
quent period, to make an appropriation and com-
mence the work.
Mr. BRADBURY. It will be perceived that
this discussion has proceeded on the ground that
it is the duty of Congress to provide the inhabit-
ants of this city with water. It is to this point
that I wish to direct attention; because the discus-
sion has proceeded on the ground, not that we are
merely to supply the Departments with water, but
that the citizens must be supplied by money fur-
nished by the Government.
Mr. PRATT. Will the honorable Senatorper-
mit me to make one observation ? He is entirely
mistaken in supposing that the advocacy of this
appropriation rests upon the supposed obligations
of the Government to supply water to the city.
The only object is to make a survey and estimate
of what it will cost to bring water here.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is obvious, from the
course which the discussion has taken, that the
survey will be regarded as a pledge that the Gov-
ernment is to go forward and construct the work
necessary to bring water to this city. Now, sir,
I am willing, at a proper time, to do whatever is
necessary to supply a sufficient quantity of water
to meet the wants of the Departments; but it is a
want felt by the citizens that we are called upon to
meet. We are told that the city is increasing most
rapidly, and that real estate has been enhanced in
value to a most unparalleled extent. The reason
for that has heen alluded to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland.] Congress
paves the streets and principal avenues of the city.
It lights the city, it ornaments the city, and now
it is proposed that we shall bring water into it; for
I regard the proposition as identical with supply-
ing the water. One result from the rise of real
estate is an increased expense in living here. I am
willing to do whatever the Government ought to
do in an enterprise of this kind; but it does seem
to me that the public buildings are already supplied
to a reasonable extent. If the citizens desire ad-
ditional facilities for water, it is incumbent upon
them to show to Congress by proper surveys and
estimates what may be the cost of the desired
works; and further, for them to come forward and
say what they propose to do; for this great work
must be not only expensive, but of joint benefit.
The citizens have a deep interest in it, and when-
ever they come forward, and are prepared to do
what they ought to do, I am ready to cooperate
with them. 1 am willing to aid them.
But the amendment proposes an appropriation
of money for the survey. Now, it will be borne
in mind that we have a large corps of engineers
here. They are Government officers, already un-
der pay, and receiving salaries, that we are to em-
ploy to do this work. I do not know but that
the appropriation of $5,000 may be necessary, but
it appears to me that it is not. I ntu trefer to the
remarks which have fallen from the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia. I find
that many objects are embraced in this bill which
have been very attentively considered by that com-
mittee. In regard to bridges, and to the repairs of
the bridges, we spent many days in examining
the subject, and employed men of science to col-
lect information, and we were prepared to make
such estimates as they thought ought to be rec-
ommended. Numerous facts were brought be-
fore us in regard to the subject embraced in this
amendment; and yet, without information, with-
out any notice to the committee, the work is trans-
ferred from out of their hands to another commit-
tee, before whom I believe no single memorial on '
the subject was laid.
Mr. Hale's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting " cities" for "city," and
adding the words " Georgetown" after " Wash-
ington," so as to give both cities the benefit of the
appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I find that an amendment
has been omitted, which either did not go to the
printers, or they have lost it, in relation to the ex- i
penses of the judiciary. The bill as it comes from
the House of Representatives, provides for de-
fraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and ■
district courts of the United States, &c., $550,000.
This was reduced from the original estimate by
the Committee of Ways and Means upon the let- ;
ter of Mr. Whittlesey, informing them that if the
fee bill which has passed the House should be-
come a law, $550,000 would be sufficient; but he
says if it does not become a law, we shall require '
$630,000, unless we decide in favor of some pay- ;
ments that are claimed to the amount of $50,000, }
upon estimates made by the judges, which he has ;
rejected. We thought it safest, therefore, to in- ;
crease the appropriation to $630,000; because, if j
we put it at $680,000, it might be considered aj
decision against the Comptroller, and in favor of <
the claims; whereas it was best to leave the ques- ,
tion open for future decision. Under the instruc- j
tion of the committee, therefore, I move to strike j
out $550,000, and insert $630,000. |
The amendment was agreed to, I
The next amendment of the committee was to !
insert: I
" For finishing the grading, manuring, planting, finishing
the road?, and walks, graveling .arid laying gutters along the
margin, of the same, and repairing the fence of the Smith-
sonian square, $13,200.^
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Early in the "session I
submitted a resolution which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, proposing
to have some investigation made into the propriety
of establishing a line of lights along Pennsylvania
avenue, west of the President's house, and making
some improvements upon that avenue. I acted
upon the principle, that it was the duty of the Gov-
ernment to make the District answer all the pur-
poses of the seat of empire, and furnish facilities
in light and traveling; for I have myself expe-
rienced inconvenience resulting from want of light
and necessary convenience for traveling, by several
years residence in the city of Georgetown.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will notice
that the amendment under consideration does not
relate to that subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am perfectly aware of
that; but I mention this for the purpose of asking
the chairman of the committee whether any atten-
tion had been given to, or any amendment is to be
proposed for this improvement in regard to neces-
saries, for I am somewhat of Eugene Sue's opin-
ion , that it is not a very good policy to be granting
superfluities to anybody, while we deny the neces-
saries of an indispensable character to the great
mass. This amendmentproposes an appropriation
of. $13,200 for improvements of various kinds—
for shrubbery, for flowers, for ornamental deco-
rations, and everything of that sort. And, then,
there is another amendment upon the same subject
in regard to the triangular piece of ground on the
north side of Pennsylvania avenue, as you go to
the President's house. That proposes a similar ap-
propriation—one for mere decoration. Myobject
m rising was to ask if the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have determined to make any
appropriation at all for lights according to the res-
olution which was submitted to them, or for pave-
ments, while all this money is to be voted for
mere decorations ?
Mr. HUNTER I understand from the Sena-
tor from Maryland, that there is some other in-
formation to come in relation to this amendment.
I will propose, therefore, by general consent, that
this, and the next amendment in regard to the tri-
angular space on Pennsylvania avenue, be passed
over for the present.
The PRESIDENT. If such be the pleasure
of the Senate, they will be passed over.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
" For repairs of'the Potomac Bridge, $18,000."
Mr. CLARKE. I do not rise to oppose this
appropriation of $18,000, if it is founded upon
an estimate; and whether it is or not, the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance will
be able to inform the Senate; but there was an es-
timate made about two months ago, and whoever
made it, condescended to exhibit it to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and upon that,
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Shields]
made a proposition to appropriate $12,000 for the
temporary repairs of the bridge across the Poto-
mac. At that time, it was my opinion that the
bridge should be temporarily repaired, and the
$12,000 would be well expended for keeping a line
of communication or travel between the city of
Washington and the adjacent parts of Virginia. I
think, now, that that bridge should be repaired,
but I desire to suggest that the word " tempo-
rary" be placed before " repairs." And while
upon this subject, I will state that the Committee
on the District of Columbia, I believe, have not
been able to agree upon any plan for a permanent
connection of the District with the Virginia shore.
My own impression is, that this bridge has a delete-
rious effect on the city of Washington. Its abut-
ments have undoubtedly served to produce the
deposits above it, creating, I suppose, a malaria
injurious to the health of the city; and I have come
to the conclusion, that instead of permanently re*
building it at great cost, it will be better to have
a steam-ferry there, similar to that between Brook-
lyn and New York, and Jersey City and New
York. It may be known, also, that there wa? a
bridge some three miles above Georgetown, which
was carried away by the same freshet that injured
this bridge. The city of Georgetown has no
means to build, a bridge. They ha# a bridge
