2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21,
across; it has been carried away, and they desire
to have another. I have no particular feeling on
the subject, for I never was there more than half
a dozen times in my life, and never expect to be
.again; but it seems to me that the city of George-
town is equally entitled with Washington to the
fostering care of this Government. We hold ju-
risdiction over both equally, and there is no rea-
son, in my mind, why all legislative appropri-
ations should be made for the one, and none for
the other.
I took gome pains, Mr. President, as one of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to look at
what I thought would be the best method of con-
necting the District with the Virginia shore, and
came to the conclusion that it would be better to
build a bridge across the Potomac river, at the city
of Georgetown, a little way above the aqueduct,
where there are some rocks in the river, and con-
nect the city of Georgetown with the Virginia
shore; and then, in my opinion, it would be bet-
ter to connect the city of Washington with the
Virginia shore by a steam ferry-boat than by the
present bridge. I was in favor of an appropri-
ation for temporary repairs to this bridge. They
should be made—they should have been made,
with due deference to my friend from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Badger,] months ago. But ill regard
to this appropriation, whether §12,000, or $ 18,000
to furnish and complete it for the purpose of tem-
porary passage, until something shall be decided
of permanent character, I am in favor of it. • If
$12,000 is sufficient, it is not necessary to appro-
priate $18,000; but the appropriation I am in favor
of, whichever it be; but I am in favor of inserting
" temporary" before " repairs," so that it shall
be considered as a temporary, and not as a per-
manent affair. Then I shall propose to offer an
amendment for the construction of a bridge across
the Potomac, at the point I have already indicated,
a little above the aqueduct, in the city of George-
town. But I will do this when this provision is
disposed of. I move to amend the amendment by
inserting the word " temporary," before " re-
pairs."
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to agree to that.
I will say, that I stated this was according to esti-
mate; but it is $750 more than the estimate. There
was an estimate of January 28, 1852, of $20,000
for this item, and the next amendment to be pro-
posed by the committee, in the distribution of
sums, it seems wc added $750 to it.
Mr. BADGER. I ask my friend from Rhode
Island to withdraw his amendment, to allow me
to submit one to ascertain whether the Senate are
disposed to make any appropriation to carry on
the bridge or not.
Mr. CLARKE. I withdraw it.
Mr. BADGER. Then I propose to amend the
amendment by striking' out the word " repairs,"
and inserting "the removal of the remains," so
that the appropriation will read:
For the removal of the remains of the Potomac Bridge,
$18,00(1
I desire to say a word or two on this subject, be-
cause 1 have some reason to believe that the
importance of the removal of this structure is not
fully appreciated by the members of the Senate.
The accumulations that have been making by that
bridge, which have been steadily increasing every
year, have now got to such a pass that at low-
water every (lay a large surface, which is covered
at high-water, is exposed to the influence of this
August sun. Mud, decaying vegetables, and all
such materials, are brought and deposited there
by the water of the river, which are most noxious
"when exposed, in a half wet, sloppy state, to the
action of the summer's sun. This has been going
on for many years. As far back as 1841, when
1 was residing temporarily in this city, my atten-
tion was called to the effect of the bridge by one
of the most intelligent men who has ever been
here from a foreign country—Baron Mareschal,
then the representative of Austria here. H e had no
small experience on the subject, and he told me
that if that thing was allowed to go on, yellow
fever at Washington would be the necessary con-
sequence. During the last winter a providential
circumstance happened, as if to aid us in setting
about the accomplishment of what ought long
since to have been done. A flood has swept away
a portion of the bridge. It can no longer be used.
It is now proposed, by the amendment of the com-
mittee, to apply $18,000 in patching it up. My
friend from Rhode Island proposes to make that
patch upon the face of it a temporary affair.
Now, sir, this word " temporary" is of very un-
certain and indefinite signification. It would be
temporary if it should last for ten, fifteen, or
twenty years, or if it should last for the present
generation. I call the attention of the Senate to
this, and appeal to every gentleman if it is not so
—and that so long as that bridge can be patched
and kept in a condition to-be crossed and main-
tained as a communication between the two Shores,
Congress will make no provision for building a
suitable bridge, or any provision for the mainte-
nance of a steam communication . We may be sure
of that, 1 think.
Then the question comes down to this: Shall
we spend $18,000 in perpetuating what undoubt-
edly is, in its present condition, a nuisance, threat-
ening, at no distant day, to make a large and im-
portant part of this city uninhabitable, except at
a great hazard to life, in the summer and fall sea-
sons of the year? I entertain the opinion, which
I formerly expressed to the Senate, that the best
and most judicious course for us to pursue is to
seize the favorable moment, and as nobody will
be made the worse—for they cannot cross the
bridge now—sweep away the remains of it; and,
if we shall find it necessary hereafter, contrive
some means by which the force given to the cur-
rent may wash away the accumulation which we
have by our structure put there. The health of
the city is first in importance. AH the members
of Congress are obliged to spend a portion of
every year here; and when we regard either our
own health and comfort, or the health and com-
fort of the people of this city, it is a matter of
high consideration to maintain no establishment
here that may even probably result in endanger-
ing either.
Again, I am opposed to maintaining the bridge,
because it has been, and is, a serious obstruction
to the commerce of that venerable city—George-
town. Its citizens feel it to be so. Senators have
lately had laid upon their table a most earnest and
respectful remonstrance of the entire population of
that city, begging that the nuisance to them—if the
nuisance to us be put out of the way—may be
removed. I do not wish the bridge to be tempo-
rarily repaired. Temporarily will make it last
three, or four, or five years, and in that time the
nuisance may have increased so much as to have
rendered consequences disastrous, and perhaps
incurable. I sincerely hope that the Senate will
concur in this view of the amendment, and that
the appropriation will be for the removal of the
nuisance instead of perpetuating it there forever,
or for any time.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject, for the purpose of
taking up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall make no objection on
that point, for I hope we shall dispose of the river
and harbor bill to-day, so that we may go on with
the appropriation bills on Monday.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope so. I will do all I can to
bring about that result.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after a short time spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes,its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1853. The bill was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
SURRENDER OF BOUNTY LANDS.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill authorizing cer-
tain soldiers of the lute war with Great Britain to
surrender the bounty lands drawn by them, and
locate others in lieu thereof. The bill was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order, which is the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate for a purpose of which I
have never asked indulgence since I have been a
member of this body. It is to make a personal
explanation that will not last more than one min-
ute.
Several Senators. Agreed!" " Agreed!"
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have received a note from
Mr. Stanly, of the House of Representatives, in
relation to the very interesting question that was
the subject of debate the other day, concerning a
certain circular put forth with the names of certain
gentlemen, and which constituted a topic of dis-
cussion between the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] and the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Smith.] I desire to have the letter read, in justice
to the gentleman who writes it; and then to make
a word of comment upon it.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
House of Representatives, August 20, 1852.
Sir : In the Daily Globe of Thursday morning, August
19th, there is reported a debate in the Senate, in which
remaiks aie made of a harsh character, in reference to a
paper, purporting to have been signed by several members
of the House of Representatives, and one gentleman not a
member.
1 huve'paid no attention to references made in news-
papers, for if this were done we should attend to little eise.
But when the conduct of gentlemen is reflected on in the
Senate, it becomes u matter of self-iespcct to notice it. I
wish to trespass on your time a few moments, by giving you
the facts in relation to the publication atluded to.
More than a week ago I received, by mail, one of these
publications, and in looking over it hurriedly, I saw it was
a parody, intended to ridicule those who had issued a paper
of a like character, giving their reasons for opposing General
Scott. I saw it was a hoax, and handed it to a friend. I
did not read it through, being in a hurry. I have never
franked one of them, did not know by whom it was written,
and had no participation in its preparation. J had no more
to do with it than either of the Senators who referred to it
in debate.
I have asked each one of the gentlemen whose names
are appended to the paper, and they inform me it was not
prepared by their consent or procurement, and that, like
myself, tiiey had nothing to do with it. Only one gentle-
man, trom the North, franked two of them, one to a Demo-
cratic editor, and another to an intelligent gentleman who
could understand the hoax.
As far as I know, but two of them have been franked. It
was the work of some idle wag, I know not who; and I
did not believe there was a boy or a man m the United States
who could be deceived by it. If you will examine the pub-
lication of gentlemen giving their reasons for refusing to
support General Scott, you will see it was intended as a
parody. I do not intend to speak of the contents of the
paper, but to place the truth concerning myself before you.
I submit this statement to you, m the hope that Mr.
Walkek and yourself will do that justice to myself and
others, that you would expect under like circumstances.
Do ine the favor to show this letter to Mr. Walker.
Very respectfully, &c., EDWARD STANLY.
Hon. Mr. Douglas, United States Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I deemed it
due to the gentleman who wrote this letter, that
its contents should be made known to the public
in the same place in which my comments on the
circular were made. So far as Mr. Stanly is con-
cerned, the letter which has been read is conclu-
sive. If it is so as to the others, I am only utterly
amazed that the Senator from Connecticut did not
do that, justice to his friends and to his own char-
acter that the truth would seem to require, if Mr.
Stanly is well advised as to the facts of this case.
So far as the franking was concerned, I will
only state, that instead of the frank of the mem-
ber of the House of Representatives to which I
referred being on the envelope, as I stated the
other day, I find that it was on the circular itself.
I make no issue with any gentleman in regard to
it. I commented upon the subject when it was
brought before the Senate the other day. I now
put the letter of Mr. Stanly before the country,
and let it go with the original paper and the com-
ments which have been made upon it, leaving the
public to ascertain who was the person that got up
that paper called a " hoax," but which has been
used throughout the country as an electioneering
document. Of course it was not my purpose to
make an issue with any of the gentlemen whose
names are attached to it, but merely to give the
Senator from Connecticut an oportunity to put to
rest the rumors which are afloat, attacking the
authorship of it, or at least the publication of it to
him.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I received,
some fortnight ago, when confined to my bed by
sickness, the circular referred to, to which a per-
son, wholly unwarranted and unauthorized, had
taken the liberty to attach my name. It contained
