1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma j 21,
FREDERICK VINCENT.
The PRESIDENT announced that the next
bUI cm the Calendar was the bill for the relief of
Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Gaze, surviving; partner of Le Caze & Mallett.
Mr. WALKER. That is a revolutionary claim
which was reported from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims by myself. Prom information
which has reached me since that report was made,
I am led to suspect that the claim has been paid p
by the State of Virginia. Nothing appealed here
to indicate that fact; but there is a clue to it in
some Virginia documents which have come to my
knowledge. I may be in error about its having I1
been paid. I do not say it has been paid, but L I!
am led to suspect that it has been; and there- !
fore i ask that it be laid over, in order that I may \\
have an opportunity of examining- it further. }
The PRESIDENT. It will be laid over. i,
ADVANCES FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 'l
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of the !'
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company. It |
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to ihe j,
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company, as- ;j
signeeoftheCommonwealth of Virginia,$1^0.000, '
in full for money advanced by said Common- M
wealth to the use of the United States in erecting
public buildings in the District of Columbia, in
pursuance of an act of the General Assembly of
said Commonwealth,approved December'27,1790.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I made a
report upon this subjcct from tho Committee on
Claims, and I now beg leave in oiler, as an amend-
ment, the following two additional sections:
Pkc. 2. Jindbc it further eno'ed, Tint the ?-aid £on*fi-
tary ho fmthci directed t> pay to tin* State o( Mat\land,oat ;
of any mrmn in the Tieaf-nry not ot?ioivvjfc apptopnntuh i
£?2„i>00, in full fin policy advanced by 5-aiti ^r.itc to tSioj.
j tinted States tor the «ame pui poM> nnnhoned in f he tore- -
jroinif section, m ptir-aianoe oi an uc J ot -.;nd rotate entitled ;;
u Aii act concerning the Uij-mct ol Columbia and the city i'
of Washington,5' appro' ed December l!1, 179!. and of ihe i;
resolutions of their A^emblv of the previous s-^sicri.
Si'C. 3. Amlhcit fmtker enacted. That the S<vretaiv j.
Of the Treasury he directed to p.iy,  u, < i any money not 1
otherwise appropuated, to the Trea-mvr of the Common i
wealth otTeiin^j ivania, for the mho of *<mi ('omtnoiuvc alth, i
the «-um of .*iU>0,00'i. in full compensation for tlttuij* up, !
md for iho u-e and oc< npanon by Congic^ and the public ;
officers of the. United States, of the public building in the city j
ot Philadelphia, then belonging to the said Commonwealth, !
troii* the 0th of December, lliJO. until the remo\?>J of the j
Government to ihe city ot WaWunaton, m the year UOUj!
and that tin- said Heeretaiy oj the TietNury be alVo directed !
to pay to the city of JVew VoiK the Mini ot <:J(),()0 >, in tail '
compensation for tittin<r up, and :< r the use and oc<. npanon ]
bv Congress and the public olUceis, of (he public building.- !
toclohgiu" to Mud city prior to the removal of the seat ot !
Government to ttic city oi Philadelphia. |
Mr. HALE. Would it be in order to move !
an amendment to tlie amendment ? I
The PRESIDENT. Certainly. j
Mr. MALE. t move, tli^n, that the Secretary i
of the Treasury be al^o (!ire<'ted to pay to ♦lie i
State of New Hampxhiie the sum of #900,000, ;
which she would have paid, if the Government ]
had thought fit to erect public buildings there, j
[Laughter.] ~ \
'['he PRESIDENT. The Senator's amendment
will not be entertained, unless it is put in writing. ;
Mr. DAWSON. 1 hone the Senator from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his amendment, and
briny; it up as a sepaiate bill. Let us act upon 1
this bill while we are upon it, and not encumber i
it with other proposi'ions. ;
Mr. BRODHEAD. I made a report npon the '
subject at this session, and the Committee on '
Claims are unanimously of the opinion that if the ,
State of Virginia is paid §130.000, advanced by
her for the purpose of erecting the public build-
ings at this particular place, then Mai-yland ought
also to be paid the $72,000 advanced by her at ihe
same time for the same purpose; and' that if the
States of Maryland and Vhginia are paid, then
the State of Pennsylvania ought also to be paid
for the use and occupation of her public buildings
for ten years, and that the city of New York ,,
should also be paid for the use ofherpuhlio build- |
ings by the United States. The amendment can 'i
be adopted, and then the bill can he over
The PRESIDENT. If debate arises, the bill ;
must be laid over.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not object. Let the
amendment be adopted, and then'it can be laid
over. 11
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the bill may be '
laid over. The amendment requires to be de-
bated.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be laid over.
ANN ROBINSON.
The bill for therelief of Ann Robinson was read
a second time, and considered as in- Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of State to
pay to Ann Robinson, of Virginia, the sum of
$3b0, it being the assessed value of a slave named
Hampton," the right to whom was in the said
Ann Robinson, who was carried elf from Virginia
by the British forces in June, I8J3, during the
war declared by the United States against Great j
Britain, if there be so much remaining of the fund j
of $1,201,9G0 provided by the first article of the <;
treaty of Ghent, and paid by Great Britain, and j'
accepted by the United States in full satisfaction ,■
for slaves and other property carried off as afore-
said. h
Mr, MANGUM. I suppose there will be no i1
objection to this bill. The proof in complete that j!
this negro was oi.rned off by the British, Such !'
claims are provided for by the treaty oi Ghent. I i
find that there is a balance of $$,000 remaining in
the Treasury of money paid by Great Britain un- 1
dor that treaty for property of this description, j
These slaves are valued according to thevaluation ''
onginally established by the commission which '
was had upon that subject. I hope the bill will :
posa. :
Mr. HALE. 1 hope not, sir. I want time to |
look into it. |
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator wish to <
discuss tlie bill ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, Mr. |
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over, ;
On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday, i
  I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. I
Friday, Jhiji 21, 185"?.
The House ni'jt at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer .
by the Rev. C. M. Butleh. ■
TheJournalot yesterday wasread andannroved. j
The SPEAKER stated, as the hrst business in |
order, the unfinished business of the day before i
yesteiday, being the consideration of the bill ma-
king appiopriatiuiis tor the construction of roads i
in the Territory of Oregon. I
Mr. SIBLEY. I move that the rules be sus- \
pended, and that the House resolve itself mto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
; on the special order.
I The SPEAKER. There is a bill from the Sen-
late in relation to collection districts m Oregon,
; which the Chair suggests it would be well to take
up, and have refened to the Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. SIBLEY. 1 withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
The following bill from the Senate was then
taken up from the Speaker's table, vir:
An act to authorize the President of theUnited
States to designate the places for ports of entry
and delivery for the collection districts of Puget's
Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon,
and for other purposes.
The bill, having ueen read a first and second
time by its title, was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of .Tames L. Collins, a citizen of the Territory
of New Mexico, asking relief. I am further in-
structed to ask that the papers in the case may
lie withdrawn from the files of the House, in order
that the petitioner may make his application to
the War Department.
It was so ordeied.
Mr. SIBLEY. I now renew the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to withdraw that motion for a moment,
to allow me to present a petition. I^have no re-
maiks to make on it.
Mr. SIBLEY. 1 should be happy to extend
that courtesy to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
but I have refused similar requests from gentlemen
on this side of the House, and I must therefore
decline to withdraw the motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sibley's
motion, and it was agreeed to.
So the ru-les were suspended, and the Hfouse
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee, in the Chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated as the business be-
fore the committee, Senate biil No. 175, being
an act relating to the salaries of ofBceis of the
Territories of the United States, and to repeal the
proviso in the a?ct entitled "" An act makii^g appro-
' priatjons for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
' the Government for the year ending the 30th of
' .Tune, 1&>2, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851 r
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to pass by that bill, in
order that we may proceed with the other busi-
ness on the Calendar, which can be speedily dis-
posed of.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the object of that
motion? Why cannot we go on and perfect this
bill* and kiy it aside to be reported to the House,
without further delay?
Mr. SIBLEY. I will state to the gentleman
that the bill now under discussion is of far les&
importance than a good deal of the territorial busi-
ness on the Calendar, which could be disposed of
in a vei y short time. We could then return to
the discussion- of thii bill. But if we continue the
discussion now, many bzils will probably be neg-
lected, which are of great importance to theTer-
litorles.
The question was then taken on Mr.
motion, and it was not agreed to.
So the committee refused to lay the bill aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is on the amendment of the gentle-
. man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to strike
out the first section of the original bill.
Mr, STUART. I hope the opposition to the-
postponement of thin b'll will be withdrawn. X
move that the bill be laid aside, and on that motion
1 1 ask for tellers.
; Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fowler and
i Sibt.ey were appointed.
' The question was then putr and it was decided
in the negative; ayes 48, noes not counted.
: So the committee refused to lay the biil aside.
i The question recurred on Mr. Stevkks's amend-
ment,
j Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, It is, per-
: haps, better that we should vote upon the other
! amendments first, and we can accomplish my pur-
| pose by voting against the- first section of the bilL
, If there be no objection, I will withdraw my
1 amendment.
: There being no objection, the amendment was
i withdrawn.
i The question recurred on the amendment pro-
| posed by Mr. Stuart to the substitute, to strike-
I out the word leave and insert m Ueu thereof
| " cause."
i The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Aikansas, moved toamend
the substitute by adding thereto as an additional
, section, the following:
1 '• Jliul he it further ena<Je<l, That nothing in paid pioviso
or m tins aet. -hall bp «o coru-tmed as to fwpvenl the pay-
ment of the Salaries of the chief ju^nce. the associate i us-
i ticf>,and the Secretary of State of the Territory of Utah,
! who have withdrawn from r-aul Territorv for the reasons
i set foith in their lepoit to the President of the United
j States.
i Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, I offer that amend-
- ment upon the grounds which I will state. I know,
j and I presume the whole House knows, that these
; gentlemen, under their appointment, made a trip
! to the Utah Territory, and that, after they arrived
| there, the country was districted into three dis-
, tricts—although the House might have been left
: under a different impression yesterday by the re-
marks of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
! Stuart.] The supreme cour: of that Territory
actually did sit, and they actually transacted busi-
ness of the most serious character, in their official
capacity, and that was to save the funds of the
Government during the time they were there, from
the unauthorized and illegal action of the Legisla-
ture and Executive of the Mormons, in attempting
to seize on the funds of the Government, and to
expend them, in violation of law.
Now, sir, they discharged their duties while
they were there, and as far as they were able> until
they were compelled to leave on account of dan-
