die
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
tii>n that I am one who so voted—who struck from
those estimates, at a single sweep of the pen, two
millions of dollars—and 1 stand here now ready to
vindicate the propriety of my course on that occa-
sion.
Sir, I can readily understand how the difficulties
and expenses of army transportation increased
with the extension of the frontiers of the Republic;
but I cannot understand, I never have understood
why the estimates of the Quartermaster General
should go on increasing fror& year to year in an
arithmetical progression, .since the frontiers have
been so extended. Our number of troops remain
the same from year to year; the Commissary Gen-
eral has the same rations to furnish; the Adjutant
General the same personnel to wield; the geograph-
ical area over which the Army operates is the
same. Yet, year by year, the estimates) for Iran?-
j of whatever country the soldier might be called to
i serve in. We thought that our soldiers m A'ew
I Mexico and California might subsist on beef or
! mutton, smoked, dried,salted,or fresh, as well as
j upon pork, and that it was not indispensable to
| the maintenance of our military establishment,
i that the contracts for army supplies should bt made in
! the cities of the Atlantic. Sir, we are in the habit of
| making contracts in New York and Boston, which
i should be made in the West. Some of us thought
i that, instead of sanctioning the transportation of
j pork at $50 per barrel from Isew York or Boston,
I through the west, and thence over the plains to
| New Mexico, we would leave the President to
| the judicious exercise of that power, with which
} he was already invested, and whereby, bva mere
! change of the soldiers' meat ration, he could sub-
sist the force upon the productions of the country
portalion swell, until this item alone has risen to !; in which the army should be stationed, and so
between $5,000,000 and $.6,000,000. &ir, ihis
item of iit,ransportationii in the Qaiartei master Gen-
eral's estimates, attracted, very naturally, the atten-
tion of such members of this House as desired to
keep the Army expenditures within due bounds.
I know that, though we struck down those
estimates last session $2,000,000, we are yet
to have a contest over the items. They are* to
be brought forward again in a "deficiency bill,"
and the estimates of the Executive bureaus are to
he enforced through that instrumentality, if Con-
gress will submit to it. Sir, the Incentive depart-
dispense with such<extravagant transportation.
Air. Speaker, I do not make an ussault upon
the administration of the War Department, but
when my votes are made the subject of comment
here, or elsewhere, I shall and will vindicate their
propriety. They are cast always according to my
judgment of the mteiests of the people, and with- :
out reference to the demands of party. They may j
be wrong, but I can always communicate the rea- !
sons winch operated upon me to give them. It I
was unnecessary to cast any reflection upon those ;
who voted with me upon the occasion referred to, j
ment—the Estimating department of this Goven- j[ and for one, I do not mean to permit any text to
w  t io iiai o vi 1i . ,1 „ .1. „ 1.. ' j.' ii i. . ".. il. . w      i_ _ _. ^  ...... l  .  
ment—is not an unresisting subject under the knife
of the economist. It will require all the nerve of
the boldest legislator to teach gentlemen attlie other
end of the avenue, that when Congiess reduces the
estimates they are to learn to keep the expendi-
tures within the sum allowed to them. It has so
frequently been the case that the Executive bureaus
have successfully disregarded the expressed will of
Congress, that I am prepared lo see a deficiency
bill enter this Hall, restoring the estimates refused
last March by Congress, and accompanied by the
declaration tha' the appropriation allowed for lite
whole year has been expended til the first t.~t.c months.
if I remember aright, such a result was predicted
when Congress refused the estimates 10 tlieUuai-
termaster General. It was replied to that predic-
tion, that the representatives of the people would
teach the lesson of obedience to then- will by ma-
king an example of the officer who should dare to
disobey the \?ill of CoiTgress, when clearly and
unequivocally expressed. The report of the "de-
ficiency bill," covering the sameestimes so refused,
will bring Congress to the test proposed. We shall
see in a few days whether this body has sunk to
the level of a mere Oilier in which to register Exec-
utive edicts--whethenhe snbaltrrns of'the A. rmy in
possession of bureaus arc supc-iar 10 the Congress.
If I fan obtain the Moor on the hearing of this"" de-
ficiency bill," by w/itclt this of two millions
is proposed to be rtilorul to the 'i.;i;ii'lerin.i.-.:
General's bureau of the War Department, I shall
avail mysell of that occasion to renew the vote to
which reference has been made, as well to \ indicate
its correctness, when cast, as to show conclusively
the high obligation which rests upon Congress to
adhere to it, "at every hazard and to the last ex-
tremity. "
I have not looked at the history of imu debate
as it is reported, Insr I remember that tin. •■.stiuitilt?
furnishing rations in the troops uvie made upon
the busif-', that the I rati>pn< [u!,i it ot a haive! oj'pork
to some of our po.vts in lV,-\v Mexico was t" cost
some §f>0! We saw in (ho**, estimates, th.it the
article of irooff, tor fuel, in ew A! exieo wa-, to c< 1^1
some$12or $14 per rot,I. To ,„Mify this, i, un-,
said the wood had to be packed some tho t or thu -
ty-fivemiles. Wlivwas this J Because ti„. troops
were Rtitioned in the Ion-,is and not in the r.iilian
~v: We thought it would he better to move
the soldiers to the wood, than to bring the wood
to the soldiers, ar the price estimated fir. Think
c tvof1\v&bv'e|°f pickled',0''ksent rf01  !he
city of Mwhoxk to Santa 1'V, at a cost „f s.-„)
for the mere transportation :! We know enou-h
Of Xew Mexico .,ml Califorma'lo
be apprised of the fact, that in those -.,un<ri«,,
beef cattle and sheep Vere postured, and that the
nhabitants subsisted upon this kind of meat. We
know that, by existing law, the President of the
United States could substitute one ingredient for
another m the ration of the soldier, in order, bv
such change, to adapt the ration to the capacities
be taken in this way, without accompanying it-
defended, how- they are to be situated, and with
what force they are to be garrisoned, where the in-
fantry is to be used, and where the dragoons and
riflesare to be sent. These great points being deter-
mined by him, the orders pass to the military de-
partments, and from these to the divisions, thence
to brigades, thence to the regiments, and so dpwn
to the companies. Every man hears the command
from Washington. Here is the responsibility for
the plan, that for the execution may rest elsewhere.
The distribution of the troops being fixed, the
Commissaiy General has the simple duty of pro-
curing the rations—certain supplies fixed bylaw
as to quantity and kind, and 01113- liable to be
changed by an order of the President. These are
to be transported by the order and under the su-
pervision of the Quartermaster General, who, be-
sides, has the furnishing and 'transportation of
other things required by service, as arms, horses,
&c., &c. These details prove that the Quarter-
master General is not censurable if the supplies are
costly in any particular locality, and i should not
think less of the Quartermaster General if it cost
§100 per barrel to carry the pork ration tn n mili-
tary post. I know he has nothing to do w ith the
matter further than to make an honest contract to
have the article, transported. The responsibility
is all upon the officer who determines the locality
of the post—the line to be occupied and to be sup-
plied, and the character of the force to be em-
ployed.
When Congress refused the transportation ac-
count of the Quartermaster Generai, at. the last
with a proper commentary. Let mesay, that the i; session, and reduced the estimates §2,000,000, the
idea is preposterous* that the difficulties upon the i
frontiers, or 111 the administration of the War De-
partment, have arisen from the vote referred to.
The c^timiitcs upon which that vote wa^ given
wore made for the year ending 30th June, i85*2.
Six months of that fiscal yenr h:  ve not yet expired,
i! The allowance for the whole year has sure! v been :
i sufficient f<>r the first six months. Ir, cannot be, !
J; then, thaf frontier dnliculties which iranspired six |
months <tgo, were caused by a supposed deficit i
■ ' which will appear six months hence! Look to
'! the Quartermaster\ sstimatt.s for the present year, 1
j and to his t.Lpeuditurts for the first fjix months.
Let us see the details, and place your finger upon !
I the retrenchment that has occurred, out of which !
i the difficulties on the frontier have originated, or i
| to which, in any degree, they can be traced. I j
I dare to say, no man here can specify such item, i
j I dare to say, that the examination will prove that !
J the expenditures have been made according to the j
j estimates, and that the calculation has been in- J
j dulged to cover the deficit of the next six months !
i by a new appropriation. If this shall appear, !
with wluit propriety can the f.mlt or the responsi- i
|! bdity beauribuied to Congress ? No, sir; we have .•
i, enough si,is to answer for, without charging those j
j. upon us of which we are innocent. I do notenier
i, upon the averment that any fault has been c<>m- j'.
; mitted—that the dirliculties upon the frontiers j|
I could have been avoided; but if th«re is any fault ji
1 if. originates from the manner m which the troops II
! li;ue been posted, not from the maimer in which i|
, they have been F'ipphcd, when posted. \\
The troops of the Army are posted bv theCom-
manding General of the Army, The duties of the !;
Quartermaster General, Adjutant G-en^-;sl. Com- II
; m!Ns;iry General, are merely ministerial, and are all il
essence of that vote was to disapprove of the iines
occupied and to suggest,in a legitimate manner, a
new disposition and arrangement of the military
establishment on the frontiers. It sug^esreu to
the President of the United States the propriety of
exercising his power to change the unions: of the
soldier, so as to subsist him from the productions
of the country occupied, as far as possible. It
suggested to the commander to take his foroe into
the country instead of keeping them in the settle-
ments—to take them to theVood, and not to bring
the wood to them. I have csuse to believe that a
change, and a beneficial change, has occurred in
the disposition of the troops, whether in conse-
quence of that vote or not, 1 shall not pretend to
say. The idea of occupying the line of the Rio
Grande under the pretence of enforcing the treaty
of Hidalgo, is a farce. I once before remarked,
that you had not enough men on it to post a relief
of sentinels of one to every three miles. JJ.jr mort
of this hereafter. I arose for the sole purpose of
avowing my readiness to vindicate the correctness
of my vote at the last session, and to defend myself
agoinst implied censure. I desire "Tfvnlpnien to
understand that I, as one of the majority who re-
duced the estimates of General Jesup, acred from
a sense of my duty to the country—chat I shall
always be ready to vindicate the correctness of the
position then assumed, and that if the remark^
made here are avant couriers of a deficiency bill de-
signed to brmg Congress back to the path of bureau
d'-c!atUmf 1 shall be quite ready, as a member, to
express my views of the new "duties we shall owe
to ourselves, our dignity, and our country. uo<>n
the happening of that event. ' ' '
With regard to the particular resolution tnidci
j
, unuer the supervision of the Commanding-General. ,,    ,„lt>r
. i ne republic is dmded into so many nuhtary de- i —not thai I deny the power of C(
; parfmems, and these are subdivided'into so mnnv :! cate bv Ic-islafjon where miliary
! military divisions, which iu-e made up of brigades, " ^
; regiments, and companies. Each has its peculiar
chief, but (he ari ngement and order <>t" ihn whole
1 belong to the Commanding General, At the end of
j1 the quarter th« Adjutant General exhibits to his
'■ Ciuefthe returns of the Army. He showcJ,in a con-
solidated return, the whole personnel of the Army,
1 the strength of each department, and you may run
hn> k in these returns and find the strength of each
, division, brigade, regiment or company, and final-
ly, the exact whereabouts ot'^vh man. ) ou can
see whether an iiithviduol has been absent or ores-
em, sick or on duty or ofTdnrv— in fine,
how he has been, where he has been, and what
f he has been doing. The system descends to the
■ utmost mimiti<T, mid yet exhibits the condition of
the Army in the most comprehensive farm. 'With
; his maps ot rhe country before him, the Command-
,, mg general arranges the manner in which the lines ;
i: are to be occupied, determines what posts are to by
consideration, I will make a few remvk^ beM-e
resume niy seat. 1 cannot support the
'Jonjrre*s ta nub-
, v . j- . .■ ,7()s<s shall be
,; estaohsned, and, if the Congress chooses, how th*
;; military operations shall be conducted. I distinctly
!j con.-ede, as I maintain, the existence of this pon ei'.
'j The Executive is the Conm.inder-in-Chief, on,\ so
; long ;is the Army is maiutjij-.ed he hns the right
I to command u; but the Con trees )ish the ro
'I say^viiere it shall be employed when OooVte^
j ihmks jivo|>er to exert such power. I3.it, tne qiif-s-
■i tion here ia not one of power: it is one of exueui-
j ency. The hono.vtble Delate from Oregon [.vir.
' . will find by reference to the debates of
! We Thirty-first_CougreHS, that his predecessor in-
, uu.'stett upon this floor, that the mounted rifle corp.',
wnsi not wanted m Oregon, and that the people of
; that country were entirely compersxitto their own
defence. I think he made-the same assertions to
| manyin ourprivateeonversationswithhim. Now.
| conceding the claim of the honorable Delegate to
| the service of the mounted rifles in Oregon,^surely
: the same practice which the Polk administration
