1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
ger, of which I presume no one can doubt. Some '
blame has been cast upon these judges, perhaps, i
but most certainly we have not investigated the
matter at all, to see if chey are censurable. They
are entitled to pay; yet you condemn without hear-
ing. The proviso, as ir stands, in the original bill,
I suppose will prevent these judges from receiv-
ing their pay for the time they were there. Now,
when this proviso was affixed to that appropria-
tion bill, I do not suppose the gentleman who
offered it-, or the House, contemplated, for one
moment, its application to a class of cases such
as would embrace this now under c.onsiderat-on.
They could never, for a moment, have contem-
plated that suck a cade, would ever arise. This
case will stand, it is to be hoped, forever upon
the record as an anomaly. Then, sir, these gen-
tlemen did discharge their doty faithfully, until
they felt compelled to leave the Territory; and hav-
ing thus left the Territory and having secured and
brought away the funds of the Government to a
considerable amount, which must have otherwise
"been lost, it would seem a hard judgment that
they should be placed under a proviso to an ap-
propriation bill Rerei contemplating such a case,
which would prevent them from receiving their
salary. Why, sir, this proviso never contem-
plated the existence, or the possible future exist-
ence, of such a case as this. 1 believe theeounsel,
advice, and wishes of the Delegatesfrom the Terri-
tories ought to be regarded in our enactments rel-
ative to those Territories. It is the wish of the
Delegatesfrom the Territories that the officers ap-
pointed for those Territories shall be forced to re-
side there; and it is my opinion that legislation to
that effect is just and proper. But I do not believe
that a case like this, which has never occurred
before, and which will probably never occur again,
ought to come under a law which was never in-
tended to embrace such a case. No one will pre-
tend that a case of this nature could possibly have
been contemplated when the law was enacted, and
it does not seem right that these men should be
subjected to it. On the contrary, having incurred
the dangers and expense of traveling there, and
having passed through the hardships incident to
the performance of their duties for the time they
were there, and the labor, danger, and haidships
of return, I cannot possibly believe this House of
Representatives will decide that these gentlemen
shall be punished, by being excluded from the re-
ception of their just salaries.
The condition of the matter is this: These ffficers
are not in office now. They have been removed,
and other officers have been appointed in their
places; and the question is not what provision we
shall make for them in future, but simply whether
we shall pay them for services they have actually
rendered, and rendered ably and in good faith,
taking upon themselves the responsibility to act
for the best interests of the Government in bring-
ing away its funds. It has been a habit of great
men and small, to take responsibility for the good
of their country in all cases, and a habit to take
that responsibility in a thousand of extraordinary
instances which their official position as judges or
otherwise compelled them to assume; and it has
been the habit to reward and applaud such actions.
That is the case in regard to their action. They
are now out of office; they have been superseded
by others, and it seems to me that it is right to
authorize the payment of their just salaries, and
not to make them an exception to this natural rule
of action. I f not, while you are striking a blow
at these gentlemen, you will relieve the judges in
the Territories of all responsibility in the per-
formance of their duty, and leave them to the in-
dulgence of their own plea-sure, and the pursuit of
their own interests. I repeat, that this is not one
of the class of cases designed to be embraced un-
der the existing law. I offer, theiefore, this
amendment, which merely provides for making
these men an exception to the lasv you propose,
and for allowing the House to do justice to these
officers now no longer officers. They have un-
questionably, as every one will acknowledge, dis-
charged their duties in going there, in encounter-
ing the dangers incident to their going to, and
returning from that country, and in living amongst
a hostile people; and it seems to me they do not
merit this penalty. It is a penalty? and without
trial, without hearing, it is adjudged and inflicted
under mistaken notions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART. Mr, Chairman, I cannot con-
ceive, as far as I am concerned, any advantage in
the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas, (Mr. Johnson.] In the first place,
the amendment offered by the Committee on the
Territories as a substitute for the Senate bill, au-
thorises the President, if sufficient cause exists for
the absence of these officers, to certify that fact to
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and
thereupon they are to be paid. Now, I consider the
provision or amendment offered by the Commit-
tee on the Territories, as preferable, vastly prefer-
able, to a declaration by Congress, that these gen-
tleman shall be paid, without any inquiry into the
justice of their claim at all. If good and sufficient
cause exists for the absence of these gentlemen,
they will be paid; if it does not exist, they ought
not to be paid. Now, who is better competent to
inquire into the sufficiency of the reasons for then-
absence than the President of the United States?
Again: I deny, so far as I am concerned indi-
vidually—and it is only for myself, individually,
that I speak—that theie was any such good and
sufficient reason for these gentleman to leave that
Tenitoiy. And I ask the members of this House
if they are pteparcd to sanction the doctrine, that
when an officer is called upon to execute the laws
of the United States in the Territories, and when
he finds there is difficulty m executing those laws,
he shall abandon his place ? A gentleman remarked
here yesterday, that it was not the Jackson mode
of doing business. J should like to see a judge or
any other officer of a Territory abandon his duty
because theie was difficulty m executing it, and
be retained in office for one instant, if General
Jackson were President.
Now, sir, these gentlemen have set forth no
such difficulties as might not have been overcome
if they had remained in the Territory. If such
facts existed as are whispered about, they could
have furnished the President of the United States
or Congress evidence of it, without leaving us to
guess at tiie truth; and we should not be here to-
day with anonymous communications in the pub-
lic papers, published for the purpose of awing
Congress into legislation of some sort, and legis-
lation specially for individuals, without furnishing
any information upon which to ground such legis-
lation . Now, sir, theie is not a Government offi-
cer there, except one of the judges, to turmsh any
information m relation to this matter, except these
judges themselves.
But what has the President done in the case?
After the e gentlemen have staid here during the
whoie session, and belabored all the committees of
the House to do something for their special bene-
fit, the President lias noticed them that they must
■ either return to their duties oi resign; and they
: did resign.
i Mi. JOHNSON, of Arkans-)ij. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] one
question; for I am sure he wouid not willingly do
injustice to these gentlemen, i desire to inquire if
there was any source from which this information
could have been officially obtained, except from
Brigham Young and from these office)s who have
made the report which is before the committee?
Mr. STUAIIT. That i^ the very thing I am
complaining of. I say if these officeis had re-
mained there, they could have furnished us reports
of the facts as they occur; but they have aban-
doned their posts, and left no one there.
Mr. JOHNSON. But will you not take their
information as sufficient?
Mr. STUART. 1 say they hn\e left nobody
there, and they have shown n« sufficient reason for
supposing that their lives weic in danger. What
was the difficulty? It was, that interference was
made m executing the laws. Now, it, was their
business, if they intended to execute the laws, to
have lemamed there, and endeavored to overcome
the difficulty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Michigan if there is not sufficient informa-
tion in the possession of the House to act upon?
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will it be in order to
move to strike out the first, section ?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has already
been made.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will it not be in order
to move to strike out the first section of the ori-
ginal bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ori-
ginal bill may be amended in that form.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to say that I dis-
approve as much as any member of this commit-
tee can of the conduct of these judges. But, with
the knowledge we have of the reasons which in-
duced them to leave their positions, permit me to
say, that I think the ground taken by the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] is the tru«
one for this House. They have come back here
because they said they could not discharge their
duties where they were stationed. Now, when
they come here and make a report to the Govern-
ment of the United States, of which this House
is a part, we institute no investigation in relation
to the matter—\ve make not the least inquiry as
to the justice or injustice of their complaints, but
proceed forthwith to punish them, for that is the
course which we propose to take. We propose
to punish these judges by refusing to pay them
the salaries to which they are entitled. We
ourselves go home, as occasion may require, and
take our pay, and gentlemen in other kinds of
business do the same. But, when these officers
say they could not discharge the duties required
of them by the Government, and had to leave the
Territory where they were stationed; when they
resign because of the improper conduct of Gov-
ernor Young, I can readily believe there was some
ground for their abandonment of the Territory.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman is mistaken if
he supposes that we propose any such thing as he
speaks of.
Mr. CLEVELAND, ft virtually proposes
precisely that thing. That is the practical effect
of it.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman will permit me
to say that the proviso in the existing law was in
full force at the time they were appointed to their
offices.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am now endeavoring
to convince the House of the propriety and justice
of voting for the amendment upon which we are
now to vote, and not with reference to the original
bill. The gentleman from Michigan will therefore
understand that my remarksare not only in order,
but pertinent to the amendment under consider-
ation.
Mr. STUART. I did not pretend the gentle-
man was not in order; I only mentioned a fact.
; Mr. CLEVELAND. My remarks were pot
; only in order, but pertinent. I desire to show the
! House that they cannot, m justice, refuse to give
1 these judges their salaries, unless they institute an
. investigation into the lV:ts connected with the
case—unless they ascertain, by evidence, that they
j left their posts improperly, or without good and
; sufficient reason. It would seem tome that it is—
and every member of this body cannot fail to see
the manifest injustice we do these men in saying
they shall not' have their salaries, although we
have no evidence that they do not deserve them,
for that is the effect of voting against this amend-
ment. We know not but they have done just as
we would have doneunder thesamecircumstances.
We must lecollect who were the men opposed to
them. Governor Young, the head of the Moitnon
church. And with the feelings I have towards
that church, I am not prepared to say I would
punish those judges. The President of the United
States lias placed that Territory in the hands of a
man who holds the power of the Mormon church,
and lie cannot now,with propriety, remove him: for
die removal of Rrigham Young, and the appoint-
ment of another man in his place, could not be
effected without bloodshed. Being placed in this
neruliar position, lie says to these gentlemen,
"You must either go l«cvk there or resign."
They did resign. He appoint4* two Mormons in
their places. "Srch is the position of the case, and
we refuse to give these men, who refused to he-
come Mormons, their salaries, for that is really
the effect of rejecting this amendment. I hope,
for one, that the House will adopt the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
for it is eminently just and proper, and it is the
only proper course the House can take if they re-
fuse to investigate the matter.
Mr. SIBLEY. I am opposed fo the adoption
of the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] not mat I have
anything to say in reference to the payment or non-
