1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
payment of the salaries of these Utah officers.
That is a matter entirely foreign to the object
which I have m view. But i am opposed to
making any proviso which wili annul the law as it
now stands. If there is any exception to be made,
I hope it will be made in the form in which the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] has pre-
sented it. That proposition brings up the question
of the payment of the Utah officers in a tangible
shape before the House. But 1 must contend that
it is incumbent upon Congress to provide that the
people of the Territories shall be guarantied
against the evils which must necessarily follow the
continued absence of their officers. I'care not m
what shape it is placed, or what peculiar phrase-
ology may be used, I only wish one object secured
—the devotion of the territorial officers to their
duties.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting.) I
hope the gentleman will allow me to make one
statement. It is merely to say to the House again
upon this matter, that if these officers shall be
excluded from their pay under this law, it is
wrong. The operation of the exception for the
officers of Utah, is well guarded and limited, be-
cause they are out of office now, whilst we cannot
well expect that they will be paid by the order of
the President, when it is a fact that he has re-
moved them; and to say further that we have no
right to conclude that he has condemned them;
because it is a fact we know, that he has offered
office to two of them unsolicited, and none of them
have asked any continuance in office, or will accept
it under their anomalous condition.
Mr. SIBLEY. I repeat that I obtained the
floor more i-articularly to enter my protest, against
the adoption of any general, sweeping clause for
the annulment of the'previous action of Congress
as it now appears upon the statute book; and 1
trust that this House will not, under any circum-
stances, consent, either expressly or by implica-
tion, that the officers of the Territories shall be
allowed to absent themselves from their posts
without good and sufficient cause. In conclusion,
I wish to state to the committee, that this matter
which is now before them is of less consequence
than other business yet to be transacted in relation
to the Territories, and that as soon as I can get
the floor to make the motion in order, I will move
that this business be passed by informally, to en-
able us to take up bills of more importance. The
debate upon this question is consuming too mucli
of the limited time yet remaining for the perfection
of all the territorial business, and should be arrested.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to make one cor-
rection in regard to a statement which has been
made hero.
I he CI IAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman that remarks are not in order.
Mr. S1HLKY. Aiy time is not out. I yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to occupy but a
moment., [t has been stated by the gentleman j
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that these judges |
and secretary were in no personal danger. 'If you 1
wili read the record they made, you will find it
stated, and, as yet, uncontradicted, that a member
of the Legislature of Utah threatened the scc.retai y
that if he did not give up that money he would
have his head taken from his body, and have it
tossed into the public, street; and he threatened
that his heart's blood would betaken if he attempt-
ed to go out of that Territory with the money.
In the face of that threat, the secretary did come
out of that Territory with twenty-four thousand
dollars, and^ deposited it in the bank of St. Louis.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment if there be no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose tn offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, by adding to it 
The CIIAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman that that would be an amendment
in the third degree, and is not in order. The
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] is an amendment to the
substitute—which is itself an amendment—and no
other amendment is, therefore, in order at this
time. The question is now upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson.] '
The question was then put upon the amend-
the amendment, and it was agieed to.
!j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
] j out all of the proposed substitute, and to insert
11 in its place the following;
j I " That nothing in the proviso contained in the act onti-
j| tied ' An act making appropriations for the civil and dipio-
n made expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30,18d2.' approved March 3,1801,relating to the pay-
ment ot the salaue& of tiie officers of the Territories ot the
United States, shall be so construed as to pi event the pay-
ment to the ttvo judges, and the secretaiy ot Utah, and the
j lid;;!1, ol New Mexico, who have leturned home, the
amount of'salary which shall he ascertained to he due them
from the time they left home until they returned."
I propose to adopt this in lieu of the proposed
substitute, and then to adopt that in lieu of the
whole bill of the Senate. This, then, will author-
ize, if it should be passed in this form, the pay-
ment to the secretary and those officers their sal-
aries from the time they left home until the time
of their return. It will leave upon the statute-
| book the proviso under which they are now pre-
; vented from having their accounts audited and
j their salaries paid. It seems to be the wish and
desire of every Delegate from the Territories that
the original provision of law shall remain unal-
tered upon the statute-books of the country.
; This substitute provides for paying them for the
time they were actually going to and returning
from the scene of their duty; and whatever may
bethe cause of their return, those causes were good
and sufficient to themselves. For the time they
were actually absent from their residence in the
States, I am willing to pay them; but whatever
may be the causes of their return, they certainly
are not entitled to any pay from the time they
reached home up to this time. If they left Utah
under circumstances which justify their conduct,
they certainly should, in my opinion, have re-
signed their office as soon as they readied home.
All 1 wish to do, is to pay them for the time they
were absent, and to leave the proviso of law as it
is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jom.s.] If I can get his attention for a moment,
I think I can satisfy him that it is not a proper
amendment. The object of the proviso originally,
in the civil and diplomatic bill of the last Congress,
was to keep the territorial officers at their posts,
for the discharge of their appropriate duties: and
the law, in its terms, requiring that they shall for-
feit a portion of their salaries, if absent from their
posts, is a penalty upon them for leaving theTer-
ritoues. Now, if that is true—and I think it is a
position which no one can deny—that it is a penal-
ty intended to he brought to bear upon them for
leaving their posts, then is it propel that we should
jj bring that penalty to bear upon them when we
!l have the evidence before us, that they conld not
ij lemain thei e anddisrhargetbeir duty? (sit proper,
ji IS if a fair construction of thelaw to say, that, if a
!j man is driven from his post, or is expelled by a
" stiong arm, from thedischnrge of his duties, when I
he has no means m his power to prevent it, that 1
he shall forfeit his compensation ?
Mr. STKl'HENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him where is the evidence
of that fact?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is to be found in the re-
port of the gentlemen themselves, and ill fact, in
the statement of the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson,] made a few minutes since, that
these men, or some of them, had been offered a
reappointment, by the President.
Mr. STKPHENS. I wish the gentleman to
< state the evidence. I have seen no evidence, ex-
I cept the statement of the officers who ran away.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I cunnut give up my time to
i the gentleman fiom Georgia. If he will read the
I document, he will find the testimony. He cannot
! expect me, in a Ave minutes' speech, to state it.
j It* he has not seen the evidence, it is not my fault
I Mr. -STEPHENS. Where is the evidence ? i
■ have ween no evidence, nor has the House, except
! the statement of the gentlemen themselves.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I pretend to say that a large
I number of the members of this House have seen
I and read the evidence in the report of these officers
j to the President of the United States. If I do not
' misunderstand the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Joijxsom,] beseems to think their cause of
withdrawal good; for if he did not so deem it it
was not proper in the President to offer to reap-
point any one of them. If they had abandoned
their posts without good causej the President of
, the United States should not have offered to give
• them any other appointment or responsible posi-
tion. But I take it for granted that there can be
no dispute about the fact, so far as we have any
evidence before us—and we have it abundantly—
that they left for good cause; and having left for
ji good cause, I say that the amendment of the gen-
p tieman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is wrong, for
!| it proposes to pay them up to the time only when
j! they reached the States. But if there is any law
i! —if there is any reason or justice for paying them
S, from the time they left Utah up to the time when
I: they arrived in this city, there is the same reason
L and justice in paying them from that time to this.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
ask what in the name of common sense is the use
ii of territorial officersin this city?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is true we have no use
for them here; but if they had cause for withdraw-
; ing from that Terntoi y, why did not the President
I, of the United States remove that cause, and let
, them go back to then duty ? And, if they were
j - derelict in the dischaige of their duty, why did he
j. not remove the officers themselves, and send others
!| there? Now, the gentleman's position cannot be
j sustained upon any ground at all; for either the
j; judges themselves ought to have been removed,
ii or the cause of the obstruction to the discharge of
!, their duties in the Temtory should have been re-
,' moved.
;j Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) I wish to ask the
'gentleman if he thinks that the President should
|| have sent a military escort, a body-guaid, for those
men, to that Territory?
i j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not pretend to answer
,1 for the President of the United States. He is the
i; Executive of the United States, and it is his duty
to execute the laws of the land, and he should
■ ■ have taken such a course as was necessary and
i proper to remove the obstructions to the exercise
of their duties.
;| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will it be in or-
:■ der to strike out the last woids of the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee?
The CHAIRMAN. No fuither amendment is
now in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to change
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
si nessee can modify his amendment.
| Mr. JONES. Instead of offering1 it as a substi'
; tute for the whole bill, I propose it as a substitute
,! to the second section of the substitute offered by
' the Committee on Territories. The original pro-
j1 viso in the civil and diplomatic bill will expire
| with the present fiscal year, and will leave no re-
hstriction upon the territorial officers, unless the
,j first section of the bill is adopted. My object is
p to preserve the first section, and to have the a'mend-
mentl proposed adopted as a substitute for the
ji second section.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The question will be upon
; the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
' gentleman from Tennessee, as a substitute for the
| second section of the substitute,
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
; poiut of order, which J will state. I may, or may
: not, be right, but the Chair will decide. This
| amendment is now offered, not, I believe, in hen
j of the whole substitute, but in lieu of the second
I section. The committee have already adopted, as
; an amendment to the section of that substitute, the
. amendment that I offered; and the amendment that
the gentleman from Tennessee has offered con-
; flicts directly with it, by striking it all out—thus
j making the whole action of the House insensible.
'! 1 lie CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
i overrule the point of order made by the gentleman
! from Arkansas. It is true, that the amendment
has been adopted to the second section; but it does
not prevent an additional amendment, in thenature
, of a substitute.
i Mr. JOHNSON. Was a vote taken upon my
| amendment?
I The CHAIRMAN. Yes, a vote was taken,
! and the amendment of the gentleman from Arkan-
; sas was adopted. The Chair decides that the
1 amendmentproposed by the gentleman from Ten-
: nessee is m order. Does the gentleman from Ar-
■ kansas appeal ?
: Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask, then, if the effect
| of that is not to strike out, at once, the amend-
1 ment which I offered, and which was adopted by
i the House ?
