1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2295
ture and palpable nuisance, and implore of Congress its
abatement.
"Resolved, That experience elsewhere has long since
demonstrated the sufficiency of steam ferry-boats to furnish
the necessary facilities, under the same circumstances
which exist at Washington; and we feel assured that the
steamboats which now ply between that city and Alexan-
dria afford a safe and more expeditiuus means-of travel than
is furnished by the said bridge, and that the budge, for such
purpose, has already been measurably superseded by said
boats.
" Resolved, That we entertain no unkind or unneigbborly
feelings towards Washington, but, on the contrary, would
be happy to see Go,tigress continue to nurture it, and to make
the most liberal appropriations to promote its trade, and
give it such embellishments as are worthy tile capital of a
great and prosperous people.
" Resolved, That, m protesting against said bridge, we
only ask of Congress simple justice—a permission to enjoy,
without molestation or hindrance, the advantages which
nature has given us.
" Resolved, That we respectfully and earnestly call the
attention of Congress to some point on the Potomac above
our town, as the proper situation for the location ot a bridge;
which, while it would inflict no injury upon the rights of
any individual or community, would afford facility for
crossing the rtver, not only to the District and its neighbor-
hood,- but also to the great traveling public of the United
States, in connection with the lines of our northern and
southern railroads.
" After debate upon a numher of propositions to make
verbal and unessential amendments to the resolutions, none
of which were carried, the question was taken upon the
preamble and resolutions as originally reported, and they
were adopted with two dissenting voices.
"Colonel Willet moved that a copy of the resolutions
be, as soon as practicable, presented to both Houses of
Congress ; which motion was unanimously adopted.
" And then the meeting adjourned.
" HENRY ADDISON, Chairman.
"John Dicksos, Sccic'cary.>5
Mr. SHIELDS. It is urged as an objection to
the repair of this bridge, that it is now partly in
Virginia. In regard to that I would say, that the
Government purchased out the old bridge com-
pany, known, I believe, as the "Washington
Bridge Company," and the Government erected a
bridge, and have continued, as it were, the charter
that was given to the bridge company. I do not
know but that that fact may remove the objection.
A perpetual charter, I believe, was given to the
company while both shores were within the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The Government purchased it
out, and erected a bridge, continuing the condi-
tions.
The contest between Washington and George-
town has nothing to do with this matter. I prefer
that a bridge should be erected at Georgetown, and
1 hope that we shall be able to determine that one
great bridge can be erected there, above naviga-
tion, that will answer all the purposes. But I
have said, and say again, that all engineers concur,
that until we erect another bridge, it will be ad-
vantageous to keep open this means of communi-
cation; and that if the people of Georgetown con-
sult their own interests, they will prefer to have
this bridge temporarily repaired until a new one
be erected. If gentlemen wish to sweep away all
communication between the District and Virginia,
let them do it. For me, I do not care particularly
about it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I regard the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina as one of very
considerable importance. It proposes, instead of
repairing the present bridge, to make an appropri-
ation to remove the large portion of it which re-
mains. . Now, in the first place, it lias been well
stated that there is a necessity to keep open the
communication across the river, and that this can
be done at a moderate expense, by repairing, tem-
porarily, the old bridge. It is no little affair to
undertake the removal of thelong causeway, consti-
tuting some two thousand feet of solid work; and
§20,000, or |40,000, will not be sufficient for that
purpose.
It is worthy of being recollected, that before the
site for this bridge was determined in 1832, under
the administration of General Jackson, the most
careful examination was made of all the various
sites to ascertain the best location, and after this
examination, the site of the present bridge was
selected as, on the whole, the best. I believe that
if to-day a reexamination were to be had, the same
site would be very likely to be again determined
upon.
Many effects hare been attributed to the cause-
way which have not resulted from it. It has been
charged as the cause of the diminution of the com-
merce of Georgetown; but other causes have co-
operated to diminish that commerce, as will be
seen by referring to the diminution of the com-
merce of the neighboring city of Alexandria, that
is not within the influence of the bridge. It has
also been charged as causing a portion of this city
to be unhealthy. The Committee on the District
of Columbia bestowed some time upon the inves-
tigation of that subject; and there was no incon-
siderable testimony submitted to them, tending to
show that such was not the fact. .The committee
were engaged for several days in an investigation
connected with the subject of this bridge, and the
other sites proposed for anew one. They visited
and examined the old bridge, and all the proposed
sites for the new bridge, going up the river four
or five miles above Georgetown. They found that
there were difficulties to be overcome in erecting
a bridge at any of the other points; and my own
judgment was, that there was no spot where a
bridge could be erected that could be found con-
venient, and meet the wants of the public, except-
ing at the old site, or at Mason's Island, below
Georgetown.
Now, sir, I will ask if the Senate, after the ap-
propriate committee have investigated the subject,
will undertake, without any examination of'this
important and difficult matter, to determine the
whole question in the dark, against the opinion
of the committee, and commence the renewal of a
structure that was placed in the river under the
sanction of law. It appears to me that it is a
question which ought to be carefully investigated,
and that we should not start off upon mere im-
pressions and suggestions. It is worthy of re-
mark, that the authorities of the city of Washing-
ton have passed resolutions unanimously asking
the repair of the present bridge, insisting that
they need the communication which it enables
them even now, by a short ferry, to keep up.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that if this struc-
ture were to be removed, all difficulties would be
overcome, and that there would then be deep
water across the whole river at that point. This
is a great mistake. If the structure be removed,
it will not remove that difficulty. In 1818, as
General Jones informed us, who was present at
the time that examination was- made, there was
shoal water at that spot. The flats in the center
of the river were then coming out of the water,
the river being about a mile wide. The difficulty
is, that there is not water enough to cover the
whole surface, and hence there must be shoals
either in the center or near the shore on each side.
The natural and necessary effect of the causeway
in operation, is to cause deposits to be made in
the center of the river, and they will ultimately
bring that center out of water, and thus form an
island; and an examination will show, as I be-
lieve, that such will be the ultimate result, whether
the causeway shall be removed or not.
If you remove the structure, those causes will
still operate, though, probably, not so rapidly, and
the deposits will ultimately make an island there.
If the present structure be removed, you still have
the shoal water. You cannot get deep water by
removing this causeway, which is some two thou-
sand feet of solid stone and earth embankment.
We are also assured that if this causeway is
removed it will be difficult, if not impossible, to
run a steam-ferry across the river at that point,
because the water will be too shoal for a portion
of the way.
These considerations lead me to hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina to the
amendment will be rejected, and that we shall
make an appropriation for the repairs of the old
bridge; and when the project for removing the
structure and erecting a new bridge shall be again
under consideration, there will be time to consider
fully the subject. We need not undertake that,
until we have all the information before us that
experienced engineers can give. The Committee
on the District of Columbia were several days
investigating the subject. They were at first
impressed wit!) the same ideas that several gentle-
men have suggested here; but they found that
there were other facts which modified those ideas.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall vote against any
appropriation to rebuild or repair this bridge, and
1 shall do it upon this ground: The people of
Georgetown have, to my knowledge, for fifteen or
twenty years last past been complaining of this
obstruction, and as long as that bridge has been
in passable condition, no movement has ever been
made in this body, or in the other House, to relieve
their difficulties; and if you put that bridge in pass-
able order again, will it not remain fifteen or
twenty, or perhaps fifty, years without being
touched ?
Mr. BADGER. It will remain without altera-
tion until another flood breaks it away.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think my friend from
North Carolina has given the proper answer. If
we put this bridge in passable order it will con-
tinue without any alteration until another flood
breaks it away. Heaven has sent a flood which
has removed a portion of the bridge, and you have
been forced to act. Now it is proposed to put it
again in the condition in which it has been for the
last fifteen or twenty years, "of which the people
of Georgetown have always been complaining. If
it is put in passable order, I fear the subject -will
not be touched again. For this reason I shall
vote against the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, and for the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina. I am willing that my friend
from North Carolina should limit the appropria-
tion, and instead of removing the brick and dirt
embankment in the center of the structure, confine
it for the present to the wood piling on each side,
and allow us to think about the subject until the
next session. But I am indifferent about that,
and shall vote for his amendment, whether he
limits it in that way or not.
Since this subject has been under consideration,
I have conversed with Mr. Ellet, the great bridge
builder in this country, upon the wire-suspension
plan. He rtiade an estimate some years ago in
regard to the money necessary to be expended to
construct a wire-suspension bridge over the foun-
dation of the bridge as it now stands, ,and he
thought it would take upwards of $300,000 to
build a bridge there upon that principle. Accord-
ing to his estimates it would take ^60,000 to build
the same kind of bridge across the aqueduct at
j Georgetown. My own opinion is that if you
build a wire-suspension bridge the proper site for
it will be across Mason's Island; because imme-
diately west of the Observatory there is a very
high embankment, and Mason's Island is con-
siderably elevated, and you can build a wire-sus-
pension bridge there so as to allow space enough
underneath for the masts of vessels going to
Georgetown. Such a bridge will not interfere
with the navigation of the river. But all that is a
matter for future investigation and inquiry. If
you refuse temporarily to repair the present struc-
ture, you should send your engineers out for the
purpose of looking at the sites, making estimates,
and determining what should be done. But my
word for it, just so soon as you commence to
repair the old structure, there will be no engineers
sent out to look for a new site, and no estimate
will be made for that purpose, and the matter will
remain just as it has been for so many years.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to suggest that in re-
gard to this matter, it would perhaps be better to
follow the suggestions of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, who have examined the sub-
ject more than any other, and who are better ac-
quainted with it. Even if the Senator from North
Carolina be right in his amendment, I think it
would be premature to adopt it until we have some
more information about it. I should be very re-
luctant to destroy the present means of commu-
nication, imperfect as they are, between the Dis-
trict and the Virginia shore. I am certain that it
will be felt as a serious loss, if we were to do it
before some other bridge has been erected. If the
Senate should refuse to make an appropriation for
temporary repairs, I think we had better leave the
structure as it now is. That would be better than
making an appropriation to remove it, because
what now exists is useful. If we should refuse to
give the amount of appropriation recommended by
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, [Mr. Shields,] I hope the Senate will
not go the length of destroying the means of com-
munication that now exist.
Mr. PRATT. I do not concur with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] in be-
lieving that Providence sent a flood for the express
purpose of carrying away the bridge; but, inas-
much as the bridge has been providentially carried
away, I am indisposed to put it up again.
One or two considerations have been advanced,
about which I wish to say a word. The first
proposition is, that the erection of the bridge has
destroyed the trade of Georgetown, in consequence
of the obstructions it has caused in the river.
Now, I believe no one can deny the fact, that it
