1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. JONES. This is the same amendment i
"which 1 offered before, except that when fust sub- j
mitted it included the judge who returned tu New j
Mexico, whereas the presentamendment does not. ,
It only provides for the payment of salaries which
shall be found due to the two judges and secretary
of Utah from the period they iefr home until the
time they returned. That is all I can consent to ;
pay those officers, whatever may have been their
reasons for returning. They may be satisfactory
to themselves, but into the investigation of those
reasons I am not disposed to go. I do think, at
least, when they left there under the circum-
stances which they did, on returning to their
homes, or to this city, they should have tendered
theirresignations,and afforded the President of the
United States opportunity to appoint those who
would have proceeded there to fuifiil the duties of
their office. I can see no possible reason why we
should pay them salary for the time they have
been in this city,or other parts of the States, since
their return from the Territory of Utah. The bill
if adopted as I propose to amend it, will retain on
the statute-book the provision precluding the pay-
ment of territorial officers in futuie who shall
absent themselves for more than sixty days at a
time. And this section will also, if adopted , pay
these officers who have returned for the time they
were absent, and nothing more.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor.
Mr. SIBLEY. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for a moment?
Mr. GIDDINGS. X cannot yield it to any gen-
tleman. 1 do not intend to occupy it long myself;
but in behalf of the Territories and their business,
I de^iie to make an appeal to gentlemen upon this
floor to proceed to vote upon these questions, that
we are here discussing.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
only to speak in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 am opposing the amend-
ment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the gentleman's
permission, I will occupy the floor a moment for
explanation. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] desires to know why these judges did
not retmn to the Territory. I will state to the
gentleman and the committee the reasons on ac-
count of which they did not return—expressed
repeatedly, I believe, to the President of the Uni-
ted States. So I have understood. Unless Con-
gress did do something by which the laws could
be executed in the Territories, they did not desire
to go back to Utah. When there, they could
not execute the laws. To remain, would only
have been to subject themselves to abuse and to
hear their Government traduced. The discharge
of their duties was out of the question. When
the matter was settled in the committee—when it
was no longer an open question whether Congress
should do anything to enable them or any other
authority there to execute the laws, they did re-
sign. I think, under all of the circumstances, it
would be a very great eiror for us to refuse to pay
then) up to the moment they resigned.
Mr. GH>D1NG.S. I appeal to the members of
this eoinmhtre to vote down the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, and proceed to
dispose of ih.s bill. There is impoitant business
wn!i rconect to thpse Territories, which is yet be-
hind, and wehnvo only to-day and to-morrow to
complete it. T do be'ieve that this subject has
bee i snilicienti v argued and illustrated by the argu-
ments of gentlemen here to enable every member
to cast his vote undeistandinjiiy. I therefoie re-
fuse to occupy the time of the committee, and in-
voke of gentlemen action upon the business now
before us.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, and
no further debate is in order; nor can anv fur-
ther amendments be submitted.
The question was taken upon the substitute of
Mr. .Tones, and it was disagreed to.
Air. RICHARDSON. Is it in ord er to move
to lay the bill aside to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it be adopted? If
it is, I rmike that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be
first taken on the adoption of the substitute as
amended.
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. A sub-
stitute has been offered for the substitute, and it
has been rejected*
Mr. POLK, Can the Chair suggest any mode
by which I may be enabled to submit a few re-
marks?
The CHAIRMAN. No; unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, made some remarks
in regard to the right to amend, which were total-
ly inaudible to the Reporter.
The CHAIRMAN. The opinion of the Chair
as stated was, that after having passed through
the substitute, and the various amendments offered
to it, it was not again in order to recur to and
offer amendments to that substitute. That was the
opinion of the Chair, but he is not certain that he
is correct.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Gentlemen can
take an appeal, if they desire to do so. The de-
cision of the Chair must stop this question some-
where.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to appeal to the com-
mittee 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to make a motion by
unanimous consent of the committee to lay this bill
aside informally.
fCriesof "I object!" " I object!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
adoption of the substitute for the original bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Is this the substitute re-
ported by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the substitute reported
by the committee, as amended on the motion of
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I made that inquiry,
that the House mi^ht understand it.
Mr. TUCK. I wish to offer the following
amendment:
Sfc. 3 .find be it further enacted* That the salaries of
the judges of the United States couit< foi the Territories of
Oi,('L'on and New Mewo, be fixed a-s follow*, namely:
The chief jiMirc! o[ tin; hani Ti-inlorif all o.teh have a
t.nl:irv of ,vt3 r>00. and the associate justices each a-salaiy of
$3,000 per annum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that no amendment is in oider, after the various
propositions which have been made.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the substitute as nmended,and it was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i move to lay the bill
aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. TUCK. 1 have an amendment to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that no amendment is in order.
Mr. TUCK. "Does the Chair decide that no
amendment is in order upon the substitute to the
original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have passed
through the substitute, have acted upon every por-
tion of that substitute, and have also acted upon
a proposition to strike out the whole and insert i
another. That has been voted down. According
to the recollection of the Chair, it has been the
uniform practice after such a vote, to rule amend-
ments out of order. The Chair may be mistaken.
Mr. TUCK. 1 wish to offer this amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Clerk to
read the hitter pnrt of the 53d rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is there any
point of order before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] offers an amendment
which the Chair thinks out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has any appeal been taken ?
The CHAIRMAN. No appeal has been taken.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the reading of any
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I take an appeal,
and I ask the reading of the rule Let the commit-
tee vote down the rule, if they wish.
The 53d rule was then read, as follows:
"Any member may call tor the division of a question ;
which shall be divided it it coin pi ehend proposition* in cub-
stariee <=o distinct that one besns taken away, a substantive
proposition shall lemnni for the decision of the Ffou'-e A
motion to strike out and insert t*haH bedeeined indivisible;
but a motion to stiike ont being lost. <ball preclude neither
amendment, noi a motion to strike out and inseit."
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon a
motion to amend. After a motion to strikeout
the whole bill and inseit another proposition, the
Chair decides that a motion to amend is out of j
order. From this decision the gentleman from \
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] appeals; and the question j
now is, Shall the decision of the Chair be sustained
as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. POLK. Do I understand the Chair as
deciding that no additional section is in order to
this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so deci-
ded, and an appeal upon that question is now pend-
ing.
Mr. TUCK. I wish to ask 
' Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to any
debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is notin order.
The question was then taken on the appeal; and
it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. TUCK. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to have the amendment
read which I propose to offer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object. Iasktbatthe
question he taken upon the motion I made.
Mr. GORMAN. I propose to add another
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that no amendment is in order, and that decision
of the Chair has been sustained by the commit-
tee. The Chair must again rule the amendment
proposed out of oider.
Mr. GORMAN. I make the point, that we
can add another section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that it would not be in order, and that de-
cision has been sustained by the committee.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion; and it wasdecidedin the affirm-
ative.
So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
TEXAS BOUKDABY.
The committee then proceeded to considerHouse
bill No. 254, to run and establish the boundary be-
tween the State of Texas and the Temtones of
the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON, J move to nil the blank
with the sum of $25,000. It is my intention, be-
fore I take my seat, to move that the committee
rise, with a view of terminating debate upon this
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think it is neces-
sary.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view of terminating the debate.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally,and particularly
House bill No. 175, which they have ordered to
be reported to the House with an amendment, and
also bill No. 254, upon which they have come to
no conclusion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to terminate de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on bill No. 254 m five minutes after
the committee shall have resumed its consideration.
I think this bill can be debated in a very short
time. If one gentleman gets the floor, and makes
an hour's speech, there ought to be an opportu-
nity to reply. I propose myself that so far as the
members of the committee are concerned, they
shall be confined to five minutes. I intend to con-
fine myself to that time, and I think we can dis-
pose of the bill upon its merits just as well, and
perhaps better, in this time than in these hour
speeches.
Mr. CLIisGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the committee then resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson,] to insert in the blank the
sum of §25,000.
