2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
is so. Many years ago, I went to school in
Georgetown, and, at that time, vessels of almost
the largest class were enabled to ascend the river
to that point, and load with cargoes for every part
of the world. At the present day, it is impossible
for vessels of that class to get up there. George-
town was then a place of considerable trade, but
from some cause or other, that trade has been de-
stroyed, and its inhabitants allege the erection of
the bridge, and the consequent obstructions to the
navigation, to be the cause. I have no doubt that
that is the fact.
In the next place, it is said that the erection of
the bridge, with a permanent causeway of some-
thing like two thousand yards, has had a ten-
dency to produce disease. I am satisfied that that
argument is correct. If a committee of the most
learned and scientific men in the District were to
assemble and make a report to me that the expo-
sure of some sixty or seventy acres of marsh mud
to the atmosphere would not produce disease, I
would not believe them. Every one knows that
it will produce disease in such a climate as this;
and every one who knows anything of the local-
ity, knows that some sixty or seventy acres are
exposed, day after day, to the summer sun, and
that disease must be the inevitable consequence.
These are some of the reasons why 1 will vote
with the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] for the removal of this structure. The
mere refusal to repair the bridge will not remove
either of these evils; there is a permanent struc-
ture there which prevents the water from flowing
freely, and it is desirable that that obstruction
should be removed; but the mere refusal to repair
it would leave that evil untouched, and at the
same time deprive us of the advantage which the
use of the bridge affords. Therefore, unless the
obstruction is to be removed altogether, there can
be no difficulty in determining whether we shall
assent to the proposition to repair; because that
repair will but increase the evils complained of,
and the only way in which any good can be ef-
fected will be to agree to its entire removal. The
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] is
manifestly right in desiring that that removal
should take place. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] is wrong in supposing that Virginia has
any rights relative to this bridge. The State of
Maryland—when this District was ceded to the
General Government—owned the Potomac river
to low-water mark on the Virginia shore; and Vir-
ginia, in consequence, has nolegitimate jurisdiction
over the river, or any part of it. The river, to low-
water mark upon the Virginia shore, was under
the jurisdiction of the State of Maryland, and
therefore, when that State ceded to the United
States that part of her territory included in the
District, it ceded with it the Potomac river to the
Virginia shore.
Mr. PEARCE. I will only add to what has
been said by my colleague, that, in 1839, Con-
gress by law extended the boundaries of the city
of Washington to the furthest extremity of the
bridge, and gave the corporation of Washington
jurisdiction over it; and the act of retrocession
reserved all the rights of the corporation.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make one remark
in reply to the honorable Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt.] Admit that Maryland is the owner
of the Potomac river, and has jurisdiction to the
Virginia shore, I apprehend that the bridge, when
extended, will reach the soil of Virginia. One
end of this bridge must of necessity rest upon the
soil of Virginia; and I apprehend that if it were
an original proposition to locate a bridge, it could
not be so located without the assent of Virginia,
she being the owner of the fee. While, therefore,
the State of Maryland may be the owner of the
river, and have jurisdiction over it, I apprehend
that for all judicial purposes, both the States of
V rgima and Maryland exercise jurisdiction, and
when one has so exercised it, it could be pleaded
in bar to any action which might be brought by
tiie other upon common-law principles. So that I
am not mistaken in saying thatthe State ofVirgima
is the owner of the soil on which one end of the
bridge stands, or on which any new structure may
be erected.
I admit that my objection to the repair of this
bridge is based mainivuoontheconsideration that
u v.vi! be calculated to procrastinate the period
when another and more suitable bridge shall be
built at the right point. I think, Mr. President,
the time has come now when here, at the capital
of the nation, the two great thoroughfares of the
country—the North and the South—should be
united by railroad communication. We now have
a space of about sixty miles between the termini
of the eastern and southern line of road. 1 have
in my hand a correspondence between the Mayor
and Common Council of Georgetown, and Mr.
Ellet, an engineer of much reputation,'showing
that for $70,000 an iron bridge suitable for all the
ordinary travel of the country, "can be constructed
across the Potomac at a point called the " Three
Rocks, or'Sisters;" and that forf150,000 a bridge
can be constructed sufficient to cross railroad cars
on one side, and the ordinary travel of the coun-
try on the other.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana allow me to say a single word ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. Has Mr. Ellet said that he
has examined these sites, and that that is his esti-
mate ? If that is so, I should like to know it. I
am told that if a bridge of either kind named by
the Senator from Indiana is to be erected, the
granite foundations will cost $300,000.
A Senator. At what point?
Mr. SHIELDS. At the point known as the
" Three Sisters." The estimate for the foundation
alone will be $300,000. I would like to know if
the amount named by the Senator from Indiana is
the estimate made by that engineer?'
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 will send the correspondence
to the Secretary. It can be read, and will'answer
fully the inquiry of the Senator from Illinois, and
in a manner not to be misunderstood.
Several Senators. Oh, no; state the contents.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate in reading these papers, if Sen-
ators do not wish to hear them; but 1 will say to
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] that Mr.
Ellet does say that for the sum of $150,000 a
bridge can be erected of sufficient capacity for the
purposes I have named.
Mr. PRATT. ' I have no doubt of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Maryland,
who is conversant with the facts, (having been at
one time a resident in this vicinity,) says he has
no doubt of it, nor have I heard any one doubt it
who knows the locality and all the facts. I do
not know that I have a very mathematical eye;
I have looked over the ground, and, comparing
this with other similar structures, I believe $150,000
will put up a work that will answer the wants of
the public, and he an honor to the District.
Mr. GEYER. It is admitted on all hands that
this bridge is a nuisance, and dangerous and pre-
judicial to the health of the people in both the
cities in the District.
Mr. BRADBURY. Not at all.
Mr. GEYER. It is so, in consequence of the
obstruction to the flow of water and the exposure
of a large deposit of mud, at low stages of the
water in the river. There is also another objec-
tion, which has not been adverted to by gentlemen
who have addressed the Senate. When floods
occur, the passage for the water at either end of the
causeway is too narrow, and the consequence is,
that a very considerable rise takes place above the
bridge. I believe it has been several feet higher
above the bridge than it has been below.
Mr. BADGER. The difference was four feet
during the last flood.
Mr. GEYER. The Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] informs me that the difference
in the height of the water above and below the
bridge last spring was four feet. The result is,
that the water thus banked up enters the canal,
and floods the whole of the little valley on the
south side of the avenue. This is a very serious
evil, and may be of frequent occurrence. But it
was not so much with a view to mention these
facts that I rose to address the Senate. My prin-
cipal object is to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact, that we are legislating here for people
placed under disabilities by their position; and in
that legislation we should take care that we do not
injure them further than is necessary to subserve
the public interests. We have erected a nuisance
which has proved injurious to the health of the
inhabitants of both cities—the old and the new.
Part of that nuisance has been swept away by a
flood; and the question now before the Senate is
not whether that nuisance should be continued
permanently—for it is admitted by gentlemen
who advocate this appropriation that, at no very
distant day, it must be, removed—but whether it
shall be continued for some time longer?
Then I submit to the Senate, that if this bridge
is a nuisance; if it is a breach of our duty to con-
tinue it there permanently, it is also a breach of
duty to permit it to remain for one hour, - It should
be removed for that reason. It ought also to be
removed on the principle by which we provide
for the removal of obstructions from the harbor
of Savannah, those obstructions having been
placed there, it isrsaid, by the Government of the
United States. Exactly as those obstructions
may have answered the purposes of the Govern-
ment in case of, war, and for the purpose of pre-
venting the approach of an enemy, we may look
forward to the probability that this nuisance may
at some day promote the same object of the Gov-
ernment; but would such an argument be sufficient
to induce Senators to maintain it there, when it is
palpable that it is dangerous to the health of the
present generation ? If it is maintained at all, it
will be maintained for fifteen or twenty years, or
until such time as the next flood comes, and car-
ries away a portion of it; and the same arguments
will be presented then as are presented now, for
the purpose of retaining it temporarily. I ask,
have we a right to inflict an injury on the present
generation ? Have we a right to expose those who
are our wards, and who have no power them-
selves to act on the subject, to the evils which that
bridge causes ? I place this matter on the ground
of justice, and affirm that there is an obligation on
the part of the Government of the United States
to remove that structure, as they have placed it
there. I shall support, then—as the utility of the
bridge is by no means correspondent to its evils—
the proposition of the Senator from North Caro-
lina for the immediate removal of the remains of
the bridge, as I am firmly convinced that its re-
tention will prove most injurious to the health of
the present generation.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no wish or design to
protract this discussion, but I do not admit that
this is a nuisance. I am not satisfied that it is;
if I were, I would vote for removing it; but I think
that we ought to take more time to consider this
question. I rise, not for the purpose of making
any remarks on the subject, but simply to ask
that we may have a vote. The hour that we have
expended in debating this question, is worth more
to the country than the $12,000 which it is pro-
posed to appropriate.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is taken,
I wish to say one word for the purpose of justify-
ing any apparent inconsistency in my votes. I do
not know whether this question was taken by yeas
and nays when a similar proposition was made
in the deficiency bill; but if it was I voted against
the proposition which I shall now sustain. In
doing so I must say that I change my vote because
I am satisfied with the arguments which I have
heard, that this bridge is a serious injury to the
health and prosperity of the city of Georgetown,
and unnecessary, in its present condition, to the
interests of the people here.
Mr. MANGUM. I have listened with a good
deal of attention to gentlemen who evince a vast
amount of laudable sensibility in regard to the
health of the people of the District; but so far as
I am informed, the people of Washington almost
with perfect unanimity desire the repair of this
bridge.
Another argument which is adduced by gentle-
men is, that Congress will not do its duty in regard
to the future, if this bridge is not temporarily re-
paired. Perhaps gentlemen understand Congress
better than I do. If that is so, perhaps they had
better go to work and demolish all the bridges, in
order that we may get new ones. Mr. President,
I am in favor of creating a new structure in place
of the old bridge. I will vote for an appropriation
any day for that purpose. But at the same time,
the temporary convenience not onlv of the people
of Virginia, but also of the people of the city,
requires, in my judgment, that the bridge should
be repaired. _ The amount of cost is very small;
and if it is intended to erect a new bridge, the
temporary repair of the old one will facilitate op-
erations. But if Congress is only to be thus
driven by the extremest necessity in this mode, I
must imagine that gentlemen understand Congress
