1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
Mr. RICHARDSON. The amount with which
I propose to fill the blank, is estimated by the proper
Department as sufficient to cover the preliminary-
expenses of this survey. I desire to take no gen-
tleman in the House by surprise upon this sub-
ject, and will state the utmost that is estimated for
fixing this boundary, so that it may be known, is
$211,000—$25,000 this year, and the balance at a
subsequent period. The extent of boundary to
be fixed is something" over nine hundred miles.
It should he fixed and established in suck a man-
ner as can be easily known to persons moving to
that country for the purpose of settlement. It is
important that this matter should be attended to
now. In this question of boundary between the
State of Texas and the United States, it becomes
important to fix it before the settlements are made.
The estimate of the Department is, that $25,000
will be enough for the present. I now send to
the desk papers in relation to this bill, and ask
that they may be read.
The Cleik then read communications from the
"War Department, the Department of the Interior,
and the General Land Office, accompanied by a
profile of the boundary line, and the necessary
estimates for the cost.
The question was then put upon Mr. Richard-
son's amendment, to fill the blank in the bill with
the sum of $25,000, and it was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA..
The next bill on the Calendar was House biU
No. 255, " making further appropriations lor the
construction of roads in the Territory of Minne-
sota."
Mr. FAULKNER. There are some amend-
ments which the Committee on Roads and Canals
have instructed me to offer to this bill. I move to
amend the bill in the tenth line, by adding after
the words £< Lake Superior " the words " by the
most direct and convenient route between those
points," so as to make it read u for the construc-
tion of a road from Point Douglass, on the Mis-
sissippi liver, to the fallsorrapidsof the St. Louis
river, of Lake Superior, by the most direct and con-
venient route between those points, $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move further to amend
the bill by striking out the word " Mississippi,"
in the nineteenth line, and inserting in lieu thereof
" Missouri," so as to make it read a military
road from Mendota to the mouth of Big Sioux
river, on the Missouri." I presume it is a typo-
graphical error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now move to strike out
the words " Governor and Legislative Assembly
of said Territory "from the end of the bill, and
to insert in lieu thereof "Secretary of War, pur-
suant to contracts to be made by him," so as to
make it read, " the said roads to be constructed un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War, pursuant
to contracts to be made by him."
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to make a brief expla-
nation of this bill. The items embraced in it are
in accoidance with estimates submitted by the
War Department. The only change contemplated
has been made by myself. I have taken the re-
sponsibility of reducing the amount specified in the
estimate more than one half, because I think that
is quite as much as we ought to ask from Con-
fress at this session, under existing circumstances.
trust that with this short statement, the commit-
tee will consent to lay the bill aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman fi om Minnesota whether any of these routes
have been surveyed ?
Mr. SIBLEY. They have all been surveyed
except the last, and the bill provides for the survey
of that.
Mr. FOWLER. Have there been estimates
from the Department of the probable expense of
executing the work?
Mr. SIBLEY. Estimates have been laid before
the Department by the engineer. He has esti-
mated for the construction of what are called good
country roads, and he has based Ins calculations
upon those that have been made in Wisconsin, in
which there is probably more timbered country
than in ours, and consequently the cost of the
construction of roads is proportionally greater.
Mr. FOWLER. Are those mere comparative
estimates, or are they based upon some other data?
Mr. SIBLEY. *They are based xipon actual
surveys.
Mr. FOWLER. Have we those estimates
where we can get at them? Have they been
printed ?
Mr. FA ULKNER. They have.
Mr. SIBLEY. They are regular estimates
j from the War Department, and are accessible to
J every member of the House. They are to be
found in the document room. 1 have a copy be-
fore me now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to ask the gentleman
who reported this bill, or the Delegate from Min-
nesota, if they have any information how much
has been appropriated to these roads heretofore?
Mr. SIBLEY. I will state to the gentleman,
that $40,000 is the whole amount that has hereto-
fore been appropriated to these roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 then ask the gentleman
how much is the balance that will be required for
these roads, according to the estimates ? I con-
ceive that it will do no good to reduce the appro-
priations this year, if we shall have to make an-
other appropriation next year. Let us know the
estimate of the entire amount that will be required.
Mr. SIBLEY. In reply to the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, I beg leave to
state that the reason why I have deemed it expe-
dient to reduce these estimates is, that I do not
think the amount originally asked for can be ex-
pended beneficially during the current year, for the
construction of these roads. I do not pretend to
say there will be a sufficiency to complete the
roads, but the amount which I have asked for will,
in my opinion, and in the opinion of practical men
in the Territory, complete the roads so far as to
make them passable, at least between the points
where they are now most needed. I will state
further to the gentleman, that someof these roads
lead directly to military posts and to Indian agen-
cies, and that the Government would be saved a
great deal of expense in the transportation of sup-
plies, if thev were constructed so as to be rendered
passable with loaded teams.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a further in-
quiry of the gentleman. Are these roads designed
for general, public use, or are they for military
purposes ?
Mr. SIBLEY. They are for both.
Mr. FOWLER. If they are exclusively for
general use, it is a system of internal improve-
ments. If they are for war purposes, then let us
understand that, they are for those purposes.
Mr. SIBLEY. 3 reply that they are for general
use and to accommodate the Government, while,
incidentally, thev Will be vastly beneficial, and in-
deed indispensable, to the people of the Territory.
Mr. FAULKNER. In reply to the interroga-
tory propounded by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] I "will say, that if this had been
an original appropriation altogether, I am not
aware that I could have sanctioned it, even at the
j time that I did do so, to the extent that it lias gone.
! But I found that the policy of constiucting these
j four roads had been sanctioned by Congress in
! 1850. There was an appropriation made at that
' time of $35,000 for the construction of these four
! roads, and $5,000 for the surrey of a military road
! from Mendota to the mouth of the Big Sioux river,
' on the Missouri. I find that of that amount not
! one dollar has yet been applied towards the con-
struction of any of these roads. There has been
! expended of that appropriation $>12,890 in prelimi-
' nary surveys, and there remains unexpended of
! the original appropriation of 1850, $22,110.
' Mr. SIBLEY. The gentleman from Virginia
t will permit me to say, that since that statement
i was submitted there has been some expenditure in
. the construction of the roads, and that *he balance
I has been, therefore, much reduced. What is the
: date of the communication you hold m your hand?
[ Mr. FAULKNER. The date of this commu-
! nication, from which I derive the information, is
j the 23d December, 18.51, and it is from the Colo-
i nel of the Topographical Engineers. That is the
' latest information we have upon the subject. I
: Relieve I have now answered the question put by
! the gentleman from Alabama.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to state that the in-
j formation furnished by the gentleman is just what
! I predicted. These roads were commenced, as the
j gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley Estates,
I withoutany previousconsultation with the JDepart-
! ment under whose control they had been placed by
| law. An appropriation was made by Congress,
; and that appropriation has, as was stated by the
I gentleman from Virginia, been in part, absorbed
! by a preliminary reconnoissance or survey, and as
i was set forth by the head of the Topographical
j Bureau, and as the committee will see, fully illus-
trates and sustains the prediction I endeavored to
enforce upon the House a day or two since: that
is, when we make an appropriation in advance of
a survey, we save nothing by it. The survey
I; has still to be made, and at the same expense. In-
j| deed, in the language of the head of the Topo-
' graphical Bureau, it is attended with more ex-
! pense. The gentleman who reported this bill says,
| that of the ^40,000 appropriated for this work,
\ there had been some $12,000 expended up to the
| date of his communication. Now, it would have
! been just as easy for my friend from Virginia,
i; [Mr. Faulkner,] and it would have been as easy
|j for the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,']
;j to have gone to the Department and ascertained, so
ilastobeable to infoimthe committee, the exact
}j amount that still remains in the Treasury, as a
•1 balance, or that did remain there, as a balance,
on the first day of the present quarter, which was
lj ihe first day of April.
■! Mr. SIBLEY. The gentleman is under a mis-
i apprehension in relation to the time necessary for
[\ communicating with Minnesota: during ihe winter
j1 season we cannot receive a communication from
;i there in less than three or four weeks.
| Mr. HOCJSTON. The gentleman from Min-
; nesoia does not comprehend the point I make.
J Mr. FAULKNER. I believe I have already
; furnished the gentleman the information he asks
' for, that there was a balance of $22,500. I have
1 slated what was the balance in the Treasury at
i the date of this report, and no surveys have been
made since the date of that report. I presume
| that is the balance now unexpended.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman is
: conect. 1 was going to present that view of the
j case. The gentleman fiom Minnesota, however,
is mistaken m supposing that he could not obtain
the information without sending to Minnesota for
: it. The money is drawn from the Treasury as it
is wanted, and charged to that appropriation: and
within ten days of the end of every quarter the
! gentleman can go and get the precise balance which
■ remains to the credit of any particular appropri-
| ation m any of the Departments. You can tell
!] precisely what has been expended, and what re-
V mams undrawn. But, 1 take it, there are some
; $25,000 or $28,000 yet unexpended, arid remain-
! ing, as a balance in the Treasury, to the ciedit of
1 this appropriation. The fiscal year now lacks but
! about a month of being out; and it seems to me
j that it is premature in this Congress to make an
| appropriation for this object, admitting that the
I principle is right, which I do not, by any means,
t But admitting it to be right, it seems to me not
I only premature, but unnecessary to make an ap-
l propriation now for these roads, when there are
j some $25,000 or $2S,000 in the Treasury liable to
be drawn in the next fiscal year.
Mr. SIBLEY. If the gentleman will allow me,
here is a copy of a letter from the United States
II engineer in that Territory, who is charged with
!! the superintendence of these roads. It is dated
; the 3d day of April last. He makes the inquiry
! j of me, when the bill making appropriations for
!| these roads is likely to become a law. He says
' it would be a pity if they should be made avail-
able too late to be of service this year.
Mr. HOUSTON. That shows that the gentle-
; man who wrote the letter knows nothing about
the matier.
i Mr. SIBLEY. He is the Government engineer,
I and well understands his duty.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very singular that an
■ engineer should write a letter, saying that unless
1 an appropriation be made soon, it would be una-
: vdilable for the year. The appropriation pro-
posed is not to he expended this year. If the bill
were to pass immediately m the precise phrase-
ology m which it was presented to the committee,
not one item could be touched until after the 30th
■: day of next June.
j! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. He means the
;i next year, when he says "this year.'*
