522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
it was found necessary to add new men to it.
Those men are now being enlisted, and when en-
listed, it is proposed to send that regiment of
mounted rifles to Texas, And if you send them
to Oregon, you will have to raise another troop
for Texas.
In conclusion, I beg leave to return my thanks
to the House for the kindness with which they
have heard me, and to apologize for having tres-
passed so long upon their time. My sole object
has been to vindicate the Secretary of War, who
has acted, I believe, in this whole matter, honestly
and fairly, without transcending his duty, and,
♦ moreover, with ability and singleness of purpose.
Mr. STUART. I would like to inquire of the
Delegate from Oregon, whether he intends to press
this vote? Because if he does, I desire to say a
few words as to the motives which will govern my
action; otherwise I do not intend to say anything.
Mr. LANE. I have just had an interview with
the Secretary of War felative to this matter. I
should like to have the attention of the House,
while 1 give my views with reference to this rifle
regiment and the movement of it, and then I am
willing that the vote shall be reconsidered and the
resolution laid on the table or withdrawn, for I
have the assurance of the Secretary of War, that
troops shall be posted upon the route this season
in sufficient time to afford protection to the people
bound to Oregon.
Mr. STUART. I merely wish to say that my
object in rising was to state my views very briefly
in regard to the power of this House over this
matter, and the power of the Executive of the
United States. But learning from the Delegate
from Oregon that 'he has received assurances from
the Secretary of War which induce him not to
press the question, and being at all times unwilling
unnecessarily to consume the time of the House,
I will yield the floor to him for the purpose of ex-
planation, and refrain from making any remarks
mysel f.
Mr. LANE. I have not intended at any time
to thrust my opinion on military matters upon tile
House, or to claim anything for the little military
service I have seen, ana the little experience I have
had in the service of my country. I never have
said upon any occasion, nor do I mean to say in
this House, that my opinions are entitled to respect
because J have seen a little service m a war which
I did regard, and do yet regard, as a just war and
one which every American citizen should have
supported with heart and hand. There should
have been but one feeling in this country when we
were engaged in that war. Unfortunately, how-
ever, there were two; but I do hope that if this
country shall ever again be involved in war, there
will be but one opinion, and that, that it is the duty
of every American citizen to take the part of his
country, and never to sympathize with her ene-
mies. It would have been well for the opponents
of the Mexican war if they had uttered fewer
words in opposition to it than some of them did.
.Now, sir, out of that war has grown an exten-
sion of this country; it has given us an extended
frontier which is entitled to protection. Oregon
is a large piece of territory aside from the addi-
tional extension of our country. Itembraces from
the summit of the Rocky mountains to the Pacific
ocean—a thousand miles in extent in one direc-
tion, and from the forty-second to the forty-ninth
parallel in the other. In that Territory there are
no troops. There are the remnants of two com-
panies of artillery, but an infantry soldier has never
been ordered to that Territory. :
The rifle regiment was clearly and distinctly \
raised for that service. President Polk recom-j
mended the raising of the regiment to be stationed
oil the route to Oregon for the protection of emi-
grants bound for that Territory, and in pursuance j
of that recommendation, Congiess authorized the 1
raising of the regiment. It was raised, but this
was unfortunately during the Mexican war, and '
under the emergency of the occasion had to be 1
sent to Mexico, and there served till the conclusion
oi that war. When it returned, Mr. Polk very '
justly thought they were, in common with other 1
new regiments, entitled to a discharge, and so i
many ot them as desired it were discharged The '<
skeleton remaining was filled up by recruits, as 1 '
stated yesterday, on the express condition that !
they were to be employed in this Oregon service
It was sent to Oregon after being thus filled up,
but only sufleied to remain there some eighteen
months, till about April of last year. It is of this
withdrawal that I complain, and I think justly;
for while they were there we had peace, uninter-
rupted peace, and as soon as they left us, the cruel
butchery of our people commenced.
Now, I take it for granted, that the promise
made by the Secretary of W ar to-day will be car-
ried out in good faith, and that troops will be
placed upon the route in time for the emigration
to Oregon this season. But look at the economy;
look at the principle; look at the system of political
economy of the Administration so lauded by the
gentleman from Maryland. I am a thousand times
obliged to the gentleman for his kindness towards
Oregon in the last Congress, and I have no doubt
that I shall often have occasion to thank him for
his kindness towards Oregon in this Congress.
Oregon needs much. She has no vote here. She
can only ask others to give her what she wants,
and I pledge my word that I will ask for nothing
in her behalf that is not absolutely essential to her
welfare, and to which she is not justly entitled.
Now, this regiment of mounted rifles was or-
dered to Oregon; it was then ordered back again;
and now it is necessary to send out another force
there. That is a beautiful system of economy !
The gentleman from Maryland seems to think that
the Administration are entitled to great credit for
this system of moving and counter-moving, and
marching and counter-marching troops. But is it
good economy or good policy to march troops to
Oregon and march them back again, while they
were subserving tlfe very purpose intended by
Congress in authorizing the raising of the regi-
ment, and then march out more troops? Yet that
seems to be the policy of the Administration.
The former Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Thurs-
ton] may have said that this rifle regiment was
not needed there. 1 have great respect for that
gentleman's memory, and for his intelligence. He
has now passed away; but if he liuide such a state-
ment as that, he certainly was not consulting the
interests of that Territory, and how he could have
said such a thing, I cannot conceive. While it
may be true that the troops were not needed in the
settlements, they were certainly needed on the emi-
grant route, from Independence to the waters of
the Columbia, and on the route from Oregon to
California.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
said to-day, in the course of his remarks, that he
did not know why the troops should be posted at
the points indicated in this resolution. I will now
explain to the gentleman, why it is necessary that
they should be so arranged. The gentleman will
recollect that there are two great roads, one leading
from St. Joseph, in Missouri, via Fort Hall, to
the Dalles of the Columbia river; the other from
Oregon City to Calfornia.
This latter road passes through the Rogue River
Valley, which is near the dividing line between
Oregon and California, and runs through a country
where there are no white settlements at all, but I
which is inhabited by as warlike and ferocious '
Indians, as any of our North American tribes, and
they have succeeded in ambuscading the road and
cutting offnumerous parties of our citizens passing
to and from Oregon and California.
The interests of California and Oregon are iden-
tical; they nevercan be separated; lying upon the
western slope of the Rocky Mountains, they form
an important portion of this country, and every-
thing should be done, that can he consistently
done by Congress and the Administration, to afford
to them everything that they need, or at least to
protect those who are moving there. This rifle
regiment, I repeat, ought never to have been or-
dered to Texas, for their service belongs to Ore-
gon. We ought to have troops sufficient for the
protection of the people who go to Oregon, and I
have no doubt that it will be so, as I rely upon
the assurances of the«Secretary.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United Sfates.j
Mr. EVANS. I want to ask the gentleman a ,
question as to the character of the Indians in Ore- [
gon, as to whether they are warlike or not, and :
whether they have lately been making; war upon !
the citizens of that Territory? I want to know I
how many troops will be necessary for the protec- j
tion of that Territory, and whether the inhabitants |
are not able to take care of themselves, and what [.
the probable cost of those troops would be? If j j
the gentleman desires to pursue another train ofil
argument, however, I will not insist on his an-
swering them now. But I desire to have them
answered.
Mr. LANE. I prefer to go on with the branch
of the subject I was elucidating a little further,
and then I will answer the gentleman's questions.
1 remarked that the interests of Oregon and Cali-
fornia were identical. Oregon; to some extent, is
a gold-producing country, but it is not so uniform-
ly diffused over it as in California. But she has
within her borders what is more valuable, a soil of
inexhaustible fertility, finely adapted to the growth
of everything that is needed for the subsistence of
man; and is now in part supplying, and must *
eventually'furnish, California with all agricultural
productions needed. Hence the great road leading
from one country to the other demands imperi-
ously your protection. Now, we desire that there
shall be a garrison stationed somewhere in the
Rogue River Valley, through which this road
passes; for we must pass through that valley on
the route from Oregon to California. W e also
ask that a garrison shall be placed upon the other
road, in the Snake river country, some%here be-
tween Fort Hall and the Grand Ronde.
I will now answer the interrogatories of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans. J There are
about sixty tribes of Indians in Oregon. There
are about five times as many Indians as whites in
the Territory. The tribes near the settlements are
in general friendly disposed, and an easy people
to govern. We have no reason to fear any diffi-
culty from them. But the Indians on the road
from Oregon to California are, as I said before, as
fierce and warlike as any on the face of the globe,
and they are as capable of conducting war. Major
Kearney—and every gentleman here knows that
we have no officer in the Army who stands higher
for courage; he is the officer who gallantly carried
the gates of the city of Mexico, with a shattered
and disabled arm dangling at his side—yet this
officer, with the intrepid Walker,and a small force
of as good troops as ever drew sabre, declined on
one occasion to give them battle till he was rein-
forced. The Indians were well mounted, and well
armed, and five hundred or six hundred strong.
Now when such Indians as those infest the great
highway from Oregon to California, can it be ex-
pected that without a garrison and without troops
our people are safe in passingfrom one country to
another? Sir, within the last few years many
paities passing this road have been attacked, and
many of them murdered and their property de-
stroyed.
They have thus been elated by success and have
grown bold, and are growing bolder still, and noth-
ing will keep them in subjection but troops gar-
risoned there. Now the same may be said as to
the other, the emigrant road between Fort Hall
and the Dalles of the Columbia river. Depreda-
tions have been committed on that road of such a
savage and cruel and barbarous nature, that I will
not ask this House to listen to their recital; they
are too revolting to the feelings of our nature.
Suffice it to say, young ladies have fallen into their
hands, and whole families have been destroyed.
Under the inducements which have been held out
by Congress, many of our people have attempted
to emigrate, and fallen upon the way. That fron-
tier cannot be protected unless the Government
takes the matter into its own hands. It is not m
the power of the few thousands of people in that
Territory to protect a frontier of some seven hun-
dred miles. It is impossible for them to furnish
sufficient force to subdue those Indians. I do not
exaggerate when I say, that' many thousands of
dollars worth of property have there fallen into
the hands of the Shoshone or Snake Indians. I
do not exaggerate when I say, that many lives have
been taken, that many men, women, and children
have been murdered in the most shocking and
horrible manner. Now, was it just to the emi-
grants to that country—was it right, under these
circumstances, to have ordered that regiment from
that country, and thus leave it open to these savage
depredators? I must confess that I did not expect
to see my friend from Texas [Mr. Howard] take
the position which he assumed yesterday. I did
not expect that a gentleman representing any por-
tion of a State so chivalrous as Texas—a Stale so
prompt in doing her duty in defending herself and
the country—should ask the services of this regi-
ment, and that Oregon should be deprived of all
protection.
