1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
"Mr. HOUSTON. If he means the next year, |
he is in just as great an error. Whoever heard ;
of an appropriation being passed too late to be 1
made available for the year? Why, the latest we i
ever sit is the last of September.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is to be used in the
summer. They cannot work in the winter.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the present appropri-
ation, according to the showing of the gentleman
from Virginia, (Mr. Faulkner,] will carry the
work beyond the present summer, and the begin-
ning of the fiscal year. There are, as I said, twen-
ty-odd thousand dollars yet on hand ready to be
drawn from the Treasuiy.
Mr. SIBLEY. I must be allowed to interrupt
the gentleman for a moment. I will say that the
contracts have been made probably to the amount
of the balance of appropriation yet on hand, and
the engineer Is now only waiting to hear the result
of this attempt to procure a further appropriation
to continue the contracts on all these roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I am willing to take it
upon that view of the case. Contracts are made,
according to the gentleman's statement, to the
amount of the appropriation. They certainly are
not made beyond that. But if made within the
appropriation, the appropriation still remains un-
expended. Now, how can it be that you want an
additional appropriation, unless the amount of the
appropriation shall be expended before the work
of the season h out? If the contract is made, the
work will not be done—as 1 understand the state
of the case, the work will not probably be done—
before the beginning of the next fiscal year. But
if you admit that it be done, they have at least
§25,(300 or $2^,000 to go upon from now until the
season when it is said they cannot carry on the
work.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have another objection
to this system of legislation. I object to itm prin-
ciple, in the first place. I believe it is internal im-
provement by the Federal Government, in its most
odious form. 1 believe it bungs up that system in
all its length, breadth, and bearings, and for that
reason I have always of posed these appropria-
tions. But i do not intend to make an argument
upon that. Here is the principle: We have ap-
propriated ^40,000 already, and now we are asked
to make anotherappropnation foi the same work.
It will probably require $100,000 to complete it.
Now, if that is the fact, you might as well appro-
priate the whole $,100,000 at once. According to
the report of the engineers, that amount will be
necessary to complete the roads. If, then, we are
to embark in this system of internal improvement,
let us make the whole appropriation at once, and
let the work be carried on under the direction of
the Secretary of War. Why should we appro-
pnate 15.000 now to one ro.nl, and ^10,000 to
another, when we have got f^.^OOO on hand ap-
ptopiialcd to these toads aheady? In the next
place, the gentleman says they can work only
during the summer months
Mr. SI BLKY. I beg to interrupt the gentleman
once more. 1 am not a little astonished at the
course of argument the gentleman from Alabama
has pursued to-day, for he has changed his posi-
tion entirely from that assumed by htm when the
Delegate from Oregon, [Mt.Lavk,] theotherday,
asked for an appropriation to construct roads m
his Territory.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Min-
nesota does uif1 injustice. I have not changed my
position. In this case the surveys have been made,
as the gentleman himself states, and as the report
shows; and, of course, my argument in relation
to the case of my friend, would not apply to this.
I have not changed my ground, however. 1 do
not take back anything I said yesterday. I think
what I said then was substantially correct.
Mr. SIBLEY. I had no intention of doing in-
justice to the gentleman fiom Alabama; but it does
seem to me somewhat strange that he shouM at-
tack this bill upon the very opposite grounds taken
by him in his argument upon the other hdl. He
assailed the Oregon bill because no prevn us sur-
veys of the roads had taken place. The bill now
before the committee is based upon survevs and
e^timf'tes actually made. The Department has
recommended that the money shall be appropri-
ated. And so far as regards his present position,
it does seem to me tiiat the gentleman is a little
inconsistent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Minnesota that he has entirely misap-
prehended me. I do not attack this bill because
the roads have been surveyed. The fact that they
have been is so much to their credit. But the gen-
tleman says, furthermore, that the Department
recommends the payment of the money. Now,
let me say to the gentleman that the Department
merely recommends the payment of the money in
case we intend to continue to carry on the work.
But he cannot show me where these roads are set
down as military roads. As I understand it, they
are not estimated for as such m any of the reports
made upon them, or in any of the surveys made
upon them.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Do X under-
stand the gentleman fjom Alabama, to attack this
bill upon the ground of the impolicy of the General
Government making internal improvements in
these Territories?
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated that I was opposed
to the system, and should vote against the bill
upon that ground, if upon no other. But I ex-
pressly stated that I did not intend to make an
argument upon that point. There were other ob-
jections to the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then that is not the
ground upon which the gentleman opposes it.
Mr. HOUSTON That is one ground.
Mr. SIBLEY. I do not desire to consume the
time of the committee unnecessarily in this de-
bate; but 1 must not allow the House to act under
a misapprehension of the facts in tins case.
Mr. Chairman, under no circumstances would I
urge any argument or any claim upon this com-
mittee, that was not, in my judgment, in perfect ac-
coidance with the facts, as presented by me. I wish
the committeeto actunderstand mgly with reference
to this question. The documents show that the
engineer, who lias charge of these roods, has
indorsed them as being the very roads which it is
most impoi tant should be now made in that Ter-
ritory; that they me regarded as such, not only
with refeience to thepublic convenience, hut to the
wants of the Government itself. The gentleman
(Lieutenant Simpson, of the topographical coi ps of
engineers) who lias been placed in charge of these
roads, is eminently qualified, bv scientific attain-
ments, practical knowledge, and" sound judgment,
to discharge his duties properly. His opinions,
with regard to this subject of roads, ore entitled to
great weight. Tie stales, in his report, that it is
of the utmost importancethat these greatthorough-
fares should be propeily opened as soon as prac-
ticable. 1 know, that when this is done, the Gov-
ernment will be saved a large sum annually in the
transportation of supplies to its military posts and
Indian agencies. If the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] docs not base his aignment
against this bill on constitutional grounds entn ely,
I humbly submit that he <an urge no other rea-
sonable objection. The Government, being the
sole great land proprietor in the Territories, is
hound, by every consideration of equity and jus-
tice, to make its domain accessible to the settler,
by means of roods. To do otherwise, would he
to abandon the policy hitherto pursued towards
all your Territories. How, sir, t an vour lands
be sold if the immigiant cannot reach them? The
gentleman will <eitamly not take the ground that
the people of the Territories shall make their own
roads, not only, but those of the Federal Govern-
ment likewise. TheTemtones, North and South,
have invariably received liberal grants from Con-
gress for such purposes; ai d, hitherto, no attempt
has been made to connect them with any system
of internal improvements in the States. 'The dis-
tinction is too broad and too palpable to require
anything to be said on the subject. The Demo-
cratic party, to which we belong, has never held
the doctrine just advanced by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] It has always been
liberal in grants to the Territoiies.
I iespectfully submit, Mr. Chairman, that, as
we make no demands upon you for light-hooses
and harbor appropriations, we may leasonably
expect Congress to be generous with us in regard
to the construction of roads and the improvement
of oar tiveis. Minnesota never has, (oid never
will, take undue advantage of vour hbtrnbty. As
an illustration of our modesty m thet respect, 1
can point to the fact T have before adverted to—
that this bill provides for only one half of the
amount estimated for by the Department; and 1
will be frank enough to say, that I do not believe
we should have received anything if I had pressed
for the whole sum mentioned m those estimates.
I have learned something, at least, from my experi-
ence here during the last Congress, when we lost
all the appropriations for our roads because the
Department asked for too much.
I conclude by assuring the committee that the'
money is wanted now, and I am satisfied it will be
economically and properly disbursed. The sum
remaining unexpended from the original appropri-
ation is very small, and that asked for m this bill
can be applied at once, so far as it will go, to the
completion of the roads already commenced under
authority of law. Notwithstanding the opinion
expressed by the honorable chairman of the Ways
and Means, I take it for granted, that if the bill
now before the committee shall pass both Houses
of Congress, the money appropriated can be drawn
from the Treasury at any time after the 30th of
June next, which will be the close of the fiscal
year, and be made immediately available for the
puiposes for which it was designed.
Mr. BROOKS. I am very reluctant to throw
obstacles in the way of this bill. I dislike, even,
to seem to be in the way of proper appropriations
for the Territories, and I rise, mainly, with a view
of calling the attention of the House to what we
are voting upon. If theie is a niajonty of the
House disposed to go into this son of appropri-
ations, 1 will not continue any longet to throw
obstructions in their way. The objection which
1 made to making appropriations for the roads m
Oiegon, the other day, is certainly obviated in this
bill, by the action of the Delegate from Minnesota
[Mr. Siblky] the last Congiess, who withdrew
the Minnesota road appropi latiuns from the usual
committees having custody of such appropriation
bill, and himself introduced them into the House,
either upon his own sole i esponsibihty, or through
the Committee on Lioads and Canals. A survey
has been obtained for a part of these roads, by
having appropi unions made foi the roads them-
selves, just without any survey, and hence the ar-
gument which was directed against the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Lake,] the other day, cannot
now be used in this case A survey has been
made, out of appropriations to make roads,'and
the Topographical Buieau can now guess, there-
foie, what thegentleman fioin Minnesota isabout,
and Congress can have some idea—though a very
faint one—what it is going to do, when it votes
the £45,000 asked for here. Before I go further,
I wish to repeat a remaik I made the other day on
the Oregon roads—that if these roads aie not
for military purposes, it is not in my power to
perceive theditference m makingfour or five roads
in Minnesota, rcpoited on the authority of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, or four oi five
roads in Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
Louisiana, or in any other part of this Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Hoes the gen-
tleman draw any distinction between making a
road m the Territories, or one of the States, and
the making a road m the District of Columbia—
for instance, Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. BROOKS. We aie constantly making
streets or roads in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is there any distinction in
the power?
Mr. BROOiCR. I do not wish to discuss the
question of power, or to be drawn into a long
controversy on a territorial bill day, and at this
stage of the case. I only express my own opin-
ion that, practically, I do not see any difference
between making roads in Minnesota, ur in the
Territory of Oregon, not necessary for military
purposes, and the making like appropriations out
of the same Federal Treasury, for roads, or har-
bors, or river? in other parts of the United States.
It is easy to christen one of these roads in Oiegon
or Minnesota a military road—and military roads
are doubtless necessary in Oregon, because there
may be an enemy there to be met with, say a for-
eign enemy; but it requires a great deal of coinage
to lise upon the floor of this House, and say that
a military road is necessary in Minnesota, m order
to keep off or to put down an enemy there.
Mr. SIBLEY, (interrupting ) The gentlemon
will allow me to correct him m this matter. Is
he not, aware that the Territory of Minnesota is
inhabited by the largest and most warlike tribes
of Indians on the North American continent?
Mr. BROOKS. I know that very well, and
the gentleman from Minnesota will not rise and
