1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appropriation bill, not to speak of the other ap-
propriation bills, that we shall not. be able to get
the river and harbor bill through this body in time
to receive the favorable action of the House of
Representatives, where it must go if the amend-
ments which have been adopted in committee be
not stricken out in the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I am anxious for the
adoption of the resolution, in order that we may-
have some time left us for the consideration and
passage of the homestead bill, in which my con-
stituents and myself take a great interest, because
of the innumerable blessings which the enactment
of such a law will bring to the hearth-stones of
the thousands of the landless, but honest, citizens
of my State, and to the hundreds of thousands
who, in consequence of its passage, will emigrate
to Iowa and other western States. I desire to see
this homestead bill taken up and passed into a
law, not only because I have been instructed by
the Legislature of my State to vote for and sup-
port it, but because, being myself a native of the
Northwest, and one who has reaped the benefits
of the preemption and settlers' laws, I can sym-
pathize with, and feel for, the deprivations and
toils of those who have already settled, or may
become settlers, upon the public domain which
God has intended ior the benefit of his creatuies,
for habitation and cultivation, and not for the
benefit of the landlord and heartless speculator.
Another consideration which prompts me to pro-
pose longer sittings of the Senate, at this late day,
is the hope which I still entertain that we may be
enabled to do something to secure grants of lands
for the numerous railroads which have been pro-
jected in our western States, and in some of which
my constituents feel intense anxiety, and forwhich
they and I, and my colleagues, and others, have
labored constantly for the last four years. This
act of simple justice to Iowa, Arkansas, and other
western and southern States, may yet be done—if
not m the passage of railroad bills, by such amend-
ments to Bennett's bill, or the lunatic asylum bill,
which have passed the House of Representatives,
and which now lie upon the table here, contain-
ing, in my opinion, very objectionable and defect-
ive provisions, but which their friends feel the
utmost confidence in seeing passed into laws, even
in the crude and objectionable shape in which
they now are framed. I have upon the table an
amendment, which I propose to oifer when the
Bennett bill comes up, making provision for the
grant of lands for the construction of railroads in
the West, Southwest, and South, and which I
also intend to amend, if I can, so as to provide
that none but actual settlers shall have the priv-
ilege of purchasing lands with the land scrip
which it is proposed to issue to the old States,
among whom our western lands are to be distrib-
uted in the way of scrip only—another mode of
distributing the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. 1 hope my resolution will be adopted, or
that it may be amended so as to require us to come
here at nine o'clock in the morning, instead of
eleven.
Mr. BORLAND. I presume the question of
taking up the resolution will be considered a test
upon the resolution itself. I therefore shall vote
against taking it up, for the reason that I am op-
posed to evening sessions. I am perfectly willing
to come here at nine o'clock in the morning; but
after we leave here at four or five, I know that I
myself would not be in a situation to attend to
business at seven. I should be worn down, as I
think a majority of the Senate would be. My
little experience here has been, that evening ses-
sions have not put foward the public business, but
that they have added greatly to the fatigue and
discomfort of Senators. I shall therefore vote
against taking up the resolution, as I shall be op-
posed to its adoption if it is taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the Senator will
move to amend my resolution, so as to make our
hour of meeting at nine o'clock, or at ten o'clock,
I will agree to it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The merits of the resolu-
tion will not be under consideration until it is
taken up.
Mr. HALE. I had a word to say upon its
merits; but if it is not in order, I will postpone the
making of them until it is taken up.
The motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to, there being, on a division—ayes 18,
noes 24.
FLORIDA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BRIGHT. Before the special order is
taken up, I desire to make a motion, which, I
suppose, will be regarded as a privileged one.
The special committee on the Florida contested
election case made a report on Saturday, which
has been printed, and I see is laid upon our tables.
It is desirable that the matter should be disposed
of during the week, and I hope, with unanimous
consent, some hour may be appointed on Thurs-
day next for the purpose of considering it. I
move to take up the report of the committee for
the purpose of postponing its consideration until
twelve o'clock on Thursday next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask whether the
printing has been done so that we shall be ready
to discuss it?
Mr. ADAMS. The report is printed, and laid
on our tables.
Mr. DOUGLAS. With the testimony ?
Mr. BRIGHT. The report only has been
printed. I presume the evidence and accompany-
ing arguments cannot be prepared during the ses-
sion. They will embrace some two or three
hundred pages.
The motion to take up the report was agreed to,
and its further consideration was postponed until
Thursday next, at twelve o'clock, and made the
special order for that hour.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, ThatT. S. J. Johnson liave leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the following bills
from the Senate:
An act to confirm to the State of Michigan cer-
tain lands selected for saline purposes;
An act for the relief of William P. Greene;
An act for the relief of John A. McGaw, of
New York; and
An act granting a pension to John Le Roy.
Also, that it had passed a bill entitled " An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1853."
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
At one o'clock the Senate resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers, and
continued engaged in its consideration until half-
past nine o'clock, p. m., when it was reported to
the Senate as amended. [For the debate see Ap-
pendix.]
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlugust 23, 1852.
The House met ateleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 223, " to
' amend an act entitled ' An act to provide for the
' better security of passengers on board of vessels
' propelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
' other purposes."' j
On motion by Mr. CABELL, by unanimous
consent, it was I
Ordered, That leave be arantod for the withdrawal of the j
petition and papers of A. I). Lawrence from the Committee :
on Claims, for the purpose of reference to one of the exec-
tive departments.
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the purpose of refer-
ence io the Senate, of the papers in behalf of the claimant,
for an appropriation to complete payments for surveys on
the coasi of the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow me to introduce a resolution
to keep alive the business which may remain in
the hands of the committees.
Mr. PENN. I object.
Mr. McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report and put upon its pas-
sage, the bill to organize the Surveyor General's
office in California, and to extend the preemption
laws to that State.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of .New York. 1 call for the
regular order of business.
SECURITY OP PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS^
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
as the Chair has already stated, is the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 223. The question' first
recurs upon the adoption of the amendments'of
the committee.
Mr. St. MARTIN. I would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to make
a report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. It will not occupy more than
live minutes.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I must, under the circum-
stances, object.
I send to the Chair certain corrections of the
report of the committee. Most of them are typo-
graphical mistakes. Others change propositions,
already considered, for the purpose of reconciling
the conflict of interests involved in this bill.
The SPEAKER. Are the corrections from the
committee, or the gentleman himself?
Mr. SEYMOUR. They are from the commit-
tee. As I have said, the object of the paper which
I have sent up, is to correct certain typographical
errors in the bill and amendments, as printed and
now before the House, and also to alter certain"
propositions contained m that bill as it was re-
ported. It comes from the committee. They re-
commended the alterations, which 1 hope may be
made.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire whether
any amendments to the bill, other than those pro-
posed by the committee, will be in order?
The SPEAKER. They will be in order when
those of the committee are disposed of, unless the
previous question be called.
Mr. EDGERTON. I made the inquiry, as I
have several amendments to submit.
The SPEAKER. No amendment to any sec-
tion to which the committee has proposed an
amendment, will be in order until this amendment
is disposed of, unless it be an amendment to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. EDGERTON. My amendments are to
the original bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire whether it
is now in order to propose an amendment, to be
considered at the proper time?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order without
the unanimous consent of the House. Amend-
ments should be offered at the time when they are
to be acted upon, and they cannot be acted upon
so long as the amendments of the committee are
pending. *
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire further,
whether an amendment can be offered to any one
of the committee, when it comes up?
The SPEAKER. The amendments proposed
by the committee are amendable. Is it the pleas-
ure of the House to have the bill rend first entirely
through, or by sections?
Mr. STUART. I would susrgest, that inas-
much as this is a very Ion? bill, that we had better
have it read in the first place by sections.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, then,
the bill will be read and amended by sections.
There was no objection.
The first section of the bill was read, as below.
It is proposed by the Committee on Commerce to
strike out the parts in brackets, and to insert the
parts in italics:
<£ BeitenactedySrc.y That no license, register, or enroll-
ment, under the provision of tins or the act to which tlii« i>an
amendment, shall be granted, or other papers issued by any
collector, to any vessel propelled in whole or tn part by
steam, and cariying passengers, until lie shall have satis-
factory evidence that all the provisions of this act have been
fully complied with; and if anv such vessel shall l>t* navi-
gated with passengers on board, without complying with
the terms of this act, the owners thereof and the vessel
itself shall be subject to the penalties contained in the second
section of the act to which this is an amendment."
The amendments of the committee to the sec-
tion were severally agreed to.
The second section of the bill was then read;
and the amendments of the committee, striking
out the parts in brackets, and inserting the parts
in italics, were severally agreed to:
"Sec. 2. *And he it farther enacted, That it shall be tf)8
duty of the inspector* of the hulls of steamers, and the in-
spectors of boilers and engines, appointed under the provis-
ions of this act, to examine and si*e that suitable and safe
provisions are made throughout such vessels to guard against
loss or danger from fire ; and no license or other papers on
any application shall be granted if the [directions of the in-
