1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
528
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I have made no such request. I am perfectly
willing- that Oregon shall be defended, and that the
Government shall send troops there for her de-
fence. What I said was, that the Secretary of
War had stated that these troops were not the best
for Oregon. He says now that the reports will
show that the mounted men in Oregon have not
rendered service at all commensurate with the ex-
pense which the country has been put to in rela-
tion to this character of troops, and that foot forces
are still the best for that Territory. But this regi-
ment, as the gentleman from Maryland states,
after being in a great degree disbanded in Ore-
gon, the troops having deserted so that tfiere was
but a mere skeleton left, who, with the officers,
brought home the horses that were not sold, at a
large expense, and were posted in Texas. Now,
I want to know where is the reason for sending
them back? If mounted forces are necessary there,
then give them an independent mounted force—
give them another regiment. But, sir, I will come
to a compromise with the honorable gentleman
from Oregon. If he will give us in Texas, for
three years, those mounted rangers, he may then
take back the troops; he may have them re-trans-
ported to Oregon.
But I think the Department have taken the
ground which they have taken in relation to this
matter wisely, and for this reason: The population
of Oregon and of California is composed principally
of young men without families, and, of course, a
population of this description is much more com-
petent to defend itself, than one composed of per-
sons who have settled with their families—with
women and children, as is the case in Texas. If
the present army cannot defend the frontier of that
country, by calling for volunteers, a population
composed chiefly of young men is certainly much
better adapted to defend themselves, than such a
population as exists in Texas. We all know that
the frontiers of Texas have ever since annexation,
been depredated upon, more or less, by hostile In-
dians. We know that for the last three years the
frontiers of Mexico have been depredated upon by
the Indians, now resident in the United States;
and that no efficient or fair means have been taken
to carry out that treaty; and that this regiment
has been brought there, notonly to protect the peo-
ple of Texas and New Mexico, but to protect and
carry out the treaty stipulations which you have
obligated yourselves to carry out with the Repub-
lic of Mexico. And more than that; it seems to
me to be a most extraordinary position, that men
going to a country must be protected, but that men
who are settled in a country with their families,
and liable to like depredations, shall not be pro-
tected.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from Texas is as
much at fault in his assertions, as was the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] This re-
giment was not ordered from California, but from
Oregon.
Mr. HOWARD, 1 had my authority from the
Secretary of War. They are part in Oregon, and
part in California; indeed, the headquarters of
General Smith was at San Francisco.
Mr. LANE. But none of the rifles were there.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not the statement of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. LANE. Now in reply to the gentleman's
argument as to their being relatively more young
and unmarried men in Oregon than in Texas,
let me assure him that he is egregiously at fault.
Congress, you know, sir, has enacted a law do-
nating to all emigrants who would take a claim
in that country, and cultivate it for four years, as
follows: to a married man 320 acres, one-half in
his own right, and one half in her own right; to
an unmarried man 160 acres, and to his wife
160 more in her own name, if he marries in twelve
months after locating his claim; the consequence
is, sir, we have few unmarried men or women in
our country; the ladies, always quick to dis-
cover their interests, and prompt to avail them-
selves of any opportunity to piomote it, have not
only all wedded who were there, but many more
have gone there and married, and have husbands
and lands both, so that thegeutleman must discover
that if fighting men cannot be obtained except
they are unmarried, no country is more destitute
of them than Oregon.
There are some troops in California, but not
more than are needed there, and indeed not as
many. California is as much exposed as any
country possibly can be, from the locality of the
country, from its formation, and from its many
scattered valleys. Its immense amount of gold in-
duces the people to wander all over the country,
and for that reason they are exposed more than
they otherwise would be.
Now, lam going tostate simply, that the troops
in Oregon consist of not more than forty to ninety
men. "They are artillery troops occupying gar-
risons, or something like garrisons, upon the sea-
coast. A few of them are at Fort Stilacoon, on
Paget Sound, and a few of them at Columbia bar-
racks. None of them can be used in the defence
of the frontiers of that country. Now, I repeat,
the Secretary of War has told me to-day, that for
the protection of the emigrants bound to Oregon,
he will cause troops to march out, to be there in
time for this year's emigration. That will satisfy
me so far as that is concerned, snd it will satisfy
the emigrants, and insure their protection, if the
troops are kept upon the road. There is one other
route which the Secretary should place troops
upon, and that is the great road leading from Ore-
gon to California, and then we should have the
protection which the people absolutely require.
I have said nothing about the right of this House
to request the President, for this resolution was
nothing more than a request, or if you please, a
petition. Whenever the day arrives when this
House cannot, or dare not, or will not, for.some
imaginary reason, say that they have no right to
respectfully ask and request the President of the
United States to afford protection to our frontiers,
then I will be prepared to say we do not enjoy the
liberties which I heretofore have supposed, and
stili believe we enjoy. When has the time arrived
in which it is improper to do so?
I hope I need not add, that I am as fully aware
as any gentleman on this floor, that this House
has no power to command the President to do any-
thing in the premises; my object was not to com-
mand him; and it is passing strange to me that
gentlemen will insist that it is designed to be so.
My object was to obtain an expression of the sense
of this body upon the propriety of extending the
protection to the people I represent, which I think
is their due, not doubting that the President would
give such respectful consideration to such expres-
sion as is due to such a high source. I also desired
to brins: this subject to the attention of the country
at large, and my constituents in particular. Why,
sir, this is certainly a novel idea, that this House
has no right, by abstract resolution, if you please,
to indicate its sense of any Executive proceeding,
or what ought to be Executive action. Sir, your
Journals, through the whole history of the Gov-
ernment, are full of swh precedents, and espe-
cially has this been the habit of the party now in
power. While upon this subject, permit me to
! remark, that, although no lawyer, yet 1 think 1
I rightly understand the constitutional obligations
! restingupon the President and upon the Congress.
I It-is for Congress to make the Jaws, and for the
■ President to execute them. While it is true that he
| is the Commander-in-Chiefof the Army, it is also
i true that it is his duty to see that the laws are
I faithfully executed; hence I infer that if Congress,
; in raising troops for a particular service, should
i direct their field of operations, it would be the
duty of the Chief Magistrate to execute the will
and directions of the law-making power.
It is now about time to withdraw this resolution,
or rather to let it take its regular course.
Mr. EVANS. I would ask the gentleman,
what would be the probable cost of supporting the
troops he proposes to have sent to Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. I am by nature and practice, and
in every other way, an economist, and in asking
! protection for Oregon, I studied economy. I was
unwilling to ask for what she really needs, be-
cause it will cost much, affd more than Congress
might think proper. For that reason I put it low.
I stated, in a letter to the President, that two or
three companies of cavalry would be sufficient to
afford the needed protection on the emigrant road
between Fort Hall and the Dalles, and two or
three companies of the same description of troops
in the Rogue River Valley between Oregon and
California.
garrison in the country would have a moral in-
fluence upon the Indians, that would do .much
towards keeping peace with them.
I have many apologies to make to this House
for trespassing so long upon their time. It is th«
first occasion that I have found it necessary to say
a word or occupy the time of this House, but it
was an occasion upon which I thought I ought to
avail myself of the privilege which you have ex-
tended to me. I must look to this House for the
adoption of such measures as are necessary for the
protection of Oregon.
I should like to have the vote upon the passage ^
of the resolution reconsidered, and that the resolu-
tion lie upon the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The main question, which was upon reconsid-
ering the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed, was then put, ®nd it was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I now move that the resolution
lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. CABELL, of Florida, it
was
Ordered  That leave be granted lo withdraw the petition
and papers of Richaid Fitz Patnck, for the purpose of refer-
ence in the Senate.
On motion by Mr. ABERCROMBIE, it was
Ordered, That the papers and petition of Wade Allen be
withdrawn from the files ot the Hout-e, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it was
Ordered, That the papers and petition of Solomon Rash-
ton be withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. HASC ALL, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. WErGHTMAN.*The memorial of a citizen of
New Mexico, piaymg the enactment of a bill, therewith
1 transmitted, having for its object the arming of ilie militia
I and volunteers, &c., of the Territory of New Mexico.
| Also, a memonal of a citizen of New Mexico, praying the
i enactment of a bill, therewith tiaiismitted, having for its
! object to place officers and unlisted men serving in "New
Mexico, on the same footing as regards pay, with officers
I and enlisted men serving m Oregon, California, and for other
[ puiposes
s 15 y Mr. - : Memorials of certain merchants engaged
! in commerce, and ship majors, and of certain captains of
! steam and sailing vosels, navigating Long Wand Sound,
asking lor a suitable light-house on the end of Long WJiurf,
in New Haven harbor.
By Mr. 1JUNCAN: The petition of Mary Pearson, for a
pen-ion on account of the revolutionary services of Silas
Pearson, her late husband.
By Mr. HAVEN: The petition of S. Vandenburgh and
31 other*, praying an inquiry into the subject of the tariff
upon cigars costing less than ten dollars per thousand, and
such a modification in reference thereto as will afford pro-
tection to the makers thereof in this country.
By Mr. McLANA WAN : The remonstrance of citizens of
Franklin county, Pennsylvania, against the renewal of the
patent right ofZebnlon Parker, for his reaction water wheel.
Also, a petition of citizens of Perry county, Pennsylvania,
waving for the establishment ot a mail route from Newpoit
to Klhott&burg, in said county, by way ofMtllford, j?os er-
iiicin'Mmll, and Ro-ebuig.
By Mr. FLORENCE. The petition of John S. Moore,
John N. Henderson, Lacey & Phillips, and other citizens
of Philadelphia, pravmg for an appropriation to the Execu-
tive Committee of the London Industrial Exhibition, to re-
lieve those who have borne the expenses ot the transporta-
tion and display of goods at the " World's Fair."
By Mr. AIKEN: The niemoual of the New Yorfc
Chamber of Commerce, praying for a light-boat, with a fog-
hell on Cane Soman Shoals, coast of South Carolina.
ByMrr ASHE: The memorials, of Neil) Kelly and J. C.
Blocker, deputy marshals, praying additional compensation
for taking the census. . a
By Mr BfSSELL : The memorial of the President ana
Directors of the Mississippi and Atlantic Railioad Compa-
ny praying for the right of way and a grant ot land, to aid
m the construction ot a railroad fioin the State line of Illi-
nois, at a point opposite Terra Haute, to IHmoistown, op-
posite St. Lom«
By Mr. BARRERE: The petition of William Perry and
15 others, pumving soldiers of the wai of 18J2, and citi-
zens of Kiown coitntv, Ohio, pia>ingfoi the passage of a
[ law granting pensions for hie to the &ui viving officers and
I soldiers of the war of 1812.
I By jvir. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition of citizens ot
I Hamilton, Franklin, and Saline counties, IHmoh«, praying
1. I 1. - ... 1 tAtlfll fit III/*—
T'aiso'siated, that if mounted troops could not ||
i be had, that infantry forces ought to be sent out
I not that 1 believed for a moment that we could
[ wage war successfully with infantry, but that &
Mauon, m the county oi Williamson, and State of Illinois.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The memorial of Benjamin
Sampson and 7 others, assistant marshals of the county ot
