.•524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
Franklin, in Maine, for additional compensation for taking
the Seventh Coasu^-
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petiion of William
Gallaher and J80 others, citizens of Mercer county, Penn-
sylvania," praying Congress to prohibit the transportation of
Uxe United States mails upon the Sabbath.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 11, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 7th instant, a report of the Board
of Commissioners on- Claims against Mtxico;
which states, that the whole amount awarded oji
all the claims allowed by the Board wa« $3,20t>,*
314 9G, and t^t the sum stipulated by the United
States by the 15th article of the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, to make satisfaction for the claims
of their citizens against the Mexican Republic was
three millions and a quarter, which exceeds, by
$41,635 04, the total amount of the awards of the
Board of Commissioners.
Mr. MASON. That information was called
for by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head.J He is not in his seat.
Mr. WADE. 3f the gentleman from Virginia
will allow me, I will state, that the resolution was J
introduced at the instance of the Committee of
Claims, for information which they wanted m re-
gard to a certaim claim. If, therefore, the Senator
from Virginia will permit me, I will move that
the communication be referred to th-e Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MASON. I should be quite willing that
this communication should be referred to the
Committee of Claims, so that we might have the
action of that committee on the subject, but there
is a large number of these claimants whose memo- J
rials have been referred by the Senate to the Com- ]
mittce on Foreign Relations, and wg have had |
them under consultation. J will not. interfere with j
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, but merely !
state the fact 1 have already mentioned.
Mr. WADE. I will not persist in the motion. |
1 supposed that the resolution emanated from that !
committee, and for the purpose which I have men-
tioned.
Mr. MASON. Then I will move that this
"ommunication be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and that it be printed.
Mr, WADE. 1 am quite agreeable to that;
reference, j
The communication was so referred. j
CRK1>IT«RS OF CHEROKEES.
The PRESI DENT pro tcm, laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, m compliance with « resolution of the
Senate, copies of oil correspondence bet,ween that
Department, including the office of Indian Affairs,
and persons claiming to be creditors of the West-
ern Cherokee^ since the last session of Congress.
Air. SEBASTIAN. That information was
railed for at the instance of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and was intended to assist that com-
mittee in the investigation of claims now under
their consideration, i move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
Jc.irs, and that it be printed.
* The /notion was agreed to.
PE riTIONS.
* Mr. ATCHISON piesented the petition of the
jruardian of the heirs of the late Alrjor Thomas
Noel, of the United States Army, praying the set-
tlement of his accounts; which was
the Committee on Military Affitirs.
referred to
' the
right to use his patent force-pump and fire-engine;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MILLERpresented the memorial of Sarepta
Cleveland, praying remuneration for a house be-
longing to her father, Jonathan Skinner, destroyed
by the enemy during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of mer-
chants and others of Philadelphia, praying the
construction of an additional canal around the
Falls of the Ohio river; which were referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, the memorial of inhabitants of Warren,
Illinois, praying that the transportation of the
mail on Sunday may be prohibited by law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions from the assistant marshals
for taking the Seventh Census in Clark county
and Hancock county, in the State of Ohio, pray-
ing additional compensation; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Avery
Downer, praying a pension for services during
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
liam Woodbridge, praying a section of land in
consideration of the services of his father, a sol-
dier in the levolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of William
H. Piatt, President of the Alton and Sangamon
Railroad Company, in the State of Illinois, play-
ing a grant of land to aid in the construction of
that railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented ihe memorial
of Benjamin S. Roberts, of the Army, praying to
be allowed the pay and emoluments of a lieutenant
of dragoons from the time he was dischaiged from
the Army to the time of his appointment as a
lieutenant of mounted liflemen; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Arnold, praying
indemnity lor property destroyed by the enemy
dunng the last \\ar with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of citizens of Guthrie county,
Iowa, praying a donation of land for the use of
the county seat of that county; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of James C. Mitchell, and the
petition of William Simpson, praying a donation
of land for the benefit of the town of Kanesville,
Iowa; whieh%ere referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
VICTIMS AND EVfLES.
Air. BADGER. I .have a petition from one
more of the victims uf the square root, ii is from
S. N. Snnthhurst, one of the assistant marshals
in North Carolina, employed in taking ihe Seventh
Census in Martin county, praying for additional :
compensation. While I offer this petition, I beg j
leave also to present a paper containing a statement
with respect to the petition of H. B. Lewis, a dep-
uty marshal in Tyrrel county , explaining the great
difficulties he labored under in taking the census.
1 move to refer both of these papers to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
They were so referred.
Air. UNDERWOOD. I have a memorial to
present, sir, in behalf of four hundred victims. It
is only signed by two, sir, and they do not rep-
resent themselves as victims, but they petition for
others. It comes to me under '
he post office nnrk
of New York, and it purports to be sent by Carl
  , 1 -•• •;    v Piochaski and Christian Dembinski, adopted citi-
number ot Commerce «t)i New York, praying j r.ens, tlvy say, of th*United States. They reo-
uat a Hglu-smp, with a tog-bell on board, may : resent that the brother of rl-j.s Ch tries, as I sup-
oe m-jored m ine slue between the shoals off Cape i nose this name Carl means, has been banished to
.man, on ihe roust ot South Carolina; winch ■; Siberia, under the pretence of having committed
some ^rime against ihe Russia
They represent that the conviction
half of suffering convicts banished by other coun-
tries, they pray that the same sort of sympathy
may be extended to the brother of one of these
petitioners and the other four hundred in Siberia.
They say further, that they believe the Russian
Government will lend, a very favorable considera-
tion to any application from this Government,upon
the assurance being given that they will all be
brought to the United States.
I had some difficulty in my mind, Mr. President,
with regard to presenting this memorial, not know-
ing but it might be intended to humbug me or
jj Congress, from the fact which must be known to
1! the Senate, that in the early movements upon this
jj subject of intervention, [ was among the first to
jj denounce the whole proceeding. I did not,there-
j! fore, know but-the petition might have been sent
|j to me for such a purpose as I have suggested; but
ji recollecting that an illustrious associate in the other
j! branch of Congress was very eloquent on the sub-
;! (ect of the right of petition and upon intervention,
!' I concluded to pre,sent the petition to the Senate,
; I and to make the declaration, that 1 have determined,
ji if any more petitions of a like character come to
j! my hands, I will hand them over to some in or*
I active sympathizer in the objects prayed for, and
j especially those who act'for victims," as they
! are called.
! Mr. BADGER. I rise for the purpose of ma-
| king a motion as to the disposition of this me-
I mortal. and I would suggest 
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg pardon; I would
! suggest that it go to the Committee on Foreign
! Relations.
j Air. BADGER. The petition states that the
j judgments under which these exiles are suffering
I a hard captivity in that frozen and inhospitable
; region were erroneous. J would therefore move a
I reference of this petition to the Committee on the
; Judiciary, with instructions to report a bill so to
; amend our laws as to provide that a writ of error
II may be taken to our Supreme Court from the Su-
!i preme Court of the Russian Empire. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps that is rather
premature. According to the suggestion of the
memorialists, they iccommend the sendingoutof
a commissioner to ascertain the facts before a writ
of error is provided for.
Air. BADGER. But the difficulty is, that be-
ll fore that can he done the five years' limitation of
!; these writs of error may expire. I think this thing
'j ought to be done immediately, if it is done at
j all. [Laughter.]
j The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
! Kentucky withdraw the motion to refer the me*
j morial to the Committee on Foreign Relations'
I Air. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw that
j motion; and, if the reference will better suit the
!' views of my friend from North Carolina, I will
move that it he referred to the Committee on the
Ii Judiciary.
; Air. BUTLER. No! no! [Laughter.] You
i are not in earnest, are you?
: Air. UNDERWOOD. Certainly I am. [Laugh-
i ter.j
! Air. MASON. I did not hear distinctly what
; the Senator from Kentucky proposed, nor m-
i deed what he said in regard to this memorial; and
| I would like to know whether he is acquainted
with these memorialists, and if he knows who
they are, so that, il possible, the Senate niav jud^e
whether or not this petition is or is not what the
Senator from Kentucky expresses his doubts that
it may be, namely, a humbug?
Air. UNDERWOOD. I have stated all ihet 1
know upon the subject. There is the New York
, post-mark upon it; and that is aTl that I know.
: Air. MASON. Then I think the best di&posi-
| tion that can be made of it is, to lay it upon the
| table. I make that motion.
1 The memorial was acc<3rdinglv laid
; table. " "
upon riK-
was; reterred to the Committee on Commerce.
Air. \\ ADE presented three petitions of the
Msnuit marshals ot' Ashtabui.
county, Miami
i.uttee of Claims.
Air. COOPER presented the pension of Simoa
- Kase, praying me Government to purchase the
eminent. ,
obtained
upon testimony v/h"di was louse in Ivio. They
also represent that there are four hundred others .
confined in Siberia, under like erroneous proceed- !
irigs against them m the courts of Russia: and
having, as they say, understood that the Congress
ot these glorious tinned Suites intend to manifest '
generous, active, and operative sympathv m be- !
; PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
I On motion by Air. NORR1S, it was
j Ordered, That the petition of John McAvov, on the files
ot tiie Senate, be refoired to the Committee of Claims.
. REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
1 Air. NORRIS, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
monai of me cnizens of Waslting'on, praying for
the incorporation of the Eoglc Steamboat Comnnnv
! at Washington, District of Columbia, reported a
