2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
State which gave me birth, and which in part I represent,
to blacken the fair /amp of one of Ohio's purestand noblest
sons, tor the paltry purpose of mere party gain. For the
credit of uiy State—tor the honor of her citizens of all par-
tie^—l had hoped, that if, m tnc heat of party conflict, it
became necessary to have any person to do the work of
dishonorable warfaie, there would be no one amongst my
colleagues, on either side of the Hall, willing to accept the
place. I acknowledge my disappointment with deep, deep
mortification.-*'
What was this charge against Mr. Stuart,
which brought all the Representatives of the " Old
Dominion" to his rescue ? Why, sir, that he had
been disrespectful to the Congress of the United
States, by sending his reports direct to the House
of Representatives, instead of sending them through
the President of the United States. Now, sir, I
do not really think, that if Mr. Corwin's charge
had consisted in a small discourtesy, like Mr.
Stuart's,"that I should have assailed him. And
upon the other hand, neither do I think that 1
should be entitled to be called a faithful Repre-
sentative of the State of Ohio, if, because Mr.
Corwin is a citizen of that State, I should sit silent,
and not endeavor to expose him when I had reason
to believe that he had been peculating upon the
Treasury of my country. 1 think I know the
Virginia Representatives too well to believe that
they would consider themselves complimented by
a declaration that should imply that they would
connive at and defend a fraud because committed
by a citizen of the " Old Dominion." This course
may suit my colleague's notions of the duties and
responsibilities of a Representative, but it does not
suit me.
My colleague remarks, that "for the credit of
* my State—for the honor of her citizens of all par-
4 ties—I had hoped, that if in the heat of party con-
' fiict it became necessary to have any person to do the
* work of dishonorable warfare, there would be
4 no one amo)\g my colleaguesy on either side qf the
* Ilally willing to accept the place."
Dishonorable warfare! I hurl the epithet back
to my colleague. Dishonorable to do what? Has
it come to this, sir, that it is dishonorable in an
American Representative to expose the fraud and
Galphinism of a high public functionary ? And
for the reason, too, that he happens to be a citizen
of your own State? If such are my colleague's
notions of honor, he must have drawn his teach-
ing from the last days of the Roman Empire, and
not from the early fathers of ourRepublic. A bless-
ing, sir, that the captors of Benedict Arnold were
notcitizens of his own State, and disciples of my
colleague's school of honor, or we should have
been most pflWtually sold to the British.
Sir, let me test my colleague's notions of hon-
orable warfare, not by his declamation, but by his
practice. In speaking of the Independent Treas-
ury, my colleague remarks:
<e The terrors of aft ike penalties did not prevent your
Wetmore's, your Collinses, and your other sub-treasurers
from proving defaulters to the amount af nearly a -million
of dollais.1'
Mr. Speaker, this Patrick Collins in his life-
time was a citizen of Ohio. He was as near a
neighbor of my colleague as is Mr. Corvvin. My
colleague should have known, if he did not, that
Mr. Collins was no defaulter; that upon a settle-
ment of his accounts with the Treasury of the
United States, he was found to have faithfully
paid the Government every farthing that he owed.
True, sir, at the time he was charged by such
honornble Whigs as my colleague with being a de-
faulter; but upon a settlement of his accounts since
his death, he was found to have been no defaulter.
The Treasury Department have honorably wiped
from his memory the disgrace that was sought to
be heaped upon him in his lifetime. But my col-
league, this would-be teacher of " honorable xvar-
ftrre%" "hyena-like," digs open his grave, and
brings up his dead body, that over it he mav
blacken his memory in an " honorable warfare /"
1 shall have occasion before I conclude my re-
marks to edify this House with a few more illus-
trations of my colleague's notions of <c honorable
warfareand Representative dignity. But I must
first discharge my duty to the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury.
Speaking of the Gardiner claim, my colleague
charges that I am seeking to manufacture votes
out of u, to secure my reelection to Congress."
If my colleague means by this, that by a faith-
ful and fearless discharge of my Congressional
duties, I am anxious to secure the approbation of
my constituents, I plead guilty to the charge. If,
upon the other hand, he means to charge that I
j seek to gain votes bv assaults upon Mr. Corwin,
he pays a poor compliment to Mr. Corwin's pop-
ularity in Ohio. Sir, I will read his own lan-
guage, and then you may judge whether or not
my assaults upon Mr. Corwin can be so popular
in Ohio as to secure me additionol votes. He
"Mr. Chairman,assaults have been made—not once, but
often—not in this Hall alone, but elsewhere—by my col-
league, [Mr. Olds,] upon thecharacter of Thomas Corwin,
the present Secretary of the Treasury—a man who has been
recognized thioughout Ohio, by all parties-, through all the
embittered political controversies in which he has been a
prominent actor, as distinguished for his high moral virtues,
and for an integiity not only unquestioned, but unquestion-
able."
My colleague continues :
" And here let me say that if the calumny was to circulate
only where my colleague is personally known, or where
Mr. Corvvin is pet>onaily known, I should not consume a
moment of the time of this House. In such casu it would
fall perfectly harmless."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if my colleague correctly
represents the standing of Mr. Corwin and myself
m Ohio, how in the name of Heaven can he sup-
pose, that I expect to manufacture votes by as-
saulting him? If his suppositions are true, one
would suppose it would be a very unpopular act
with the voters of Ohio, to take this political bull
by the horns; especially when I had reason to
suppose that the whole kennel, "Tray, Blanche,
Sweetheart, and Prentiss," would all be turned
loose upon me. These boasts of my colleague,
depend upon it, are only the imitations of smaller
boys "who always whistle loud, while passing
through a grave-yard."
Does not my colleague know that once upon a
time, and that time not far distant either, being
during the prosecution of the Mexican war, and
upon that gush of indignation that burst forth
spontaneously from the good people of Ohio of
all political parties, upon the reception of the
" bloody hand and hospitable grave" speech of
Mr. Corwin, that a petition, numerously signed,
both by Whigs and Democrats, was presented to
the .Legislature ofOhio, asking his recall from the
Senate of the United States, and his incarceration
within the walls of the penitentiary? Ay, sir,
perhaps it may be even popular in Ohio to expose
fraud and corruption, even in the person of Thomas
Corwin.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague charges upon me,
not only that I have been actuated with improper
motives, but that I have sought to take advantage
of Mr. Corwin's ill health arid absence from
Washington to assail him.
"Two or three months agoy" says my colleague,
speaking of the fact that i had connected Corwin
with the Gardiner claim, " he alluded to it m a
' speech, when I demanded to know whether he
4 meant to insinuate that the connection of Mr.
4 Corwin with that claim was in any way dishon-
4 est or disreputable. His reply was, that he did
4 not so insinuate—leaving upon my mind a satis-
4 factory impression; but upon the minds of other
4 members, as I since learn, the idea that, instead
4 of insinuating, he made the direct charge.'*
Again my colleague remarks:
"Time passed on, and t was loth to drag the matter again
before the House. A few weeks since ill health drove the
Secretary to a viMt to his home in Ohio. lie had been ab-
sent but a few hours from the city before my colleague,
pursuing Imn as it weie with the spirit of the hyena, pre-
sented a resolution asking a committee ofinvestigation, pre-
faced with a string of preambles setting forth what rumor
(which, I presume, he had himself crcated in part) said
upon the subject."
Now, sir, let us see how the facts comport with
my colleague's historical account of this transac-
tion. On the 5th of March last, while addressing
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I used the following language:
" Sir, let me divert the attention of this committee for a
single moment to chaiges that common rumor fasten upon
tiie present Secretary of the Trea^uiy, and which the coun-
try demand to have investigated by this Congress. I refer,
sir. to his connection with the Gardiner claim. Public ru-
mor charges*, sir, that Mr. Corvvin received $79,000 a<? the
agent of this Gardiner claim. Now, sir, the inquiry natur-
ally arises, Why did Mr. Gardiner stipulate to pay Mr. Cor-
wm this enoimous fee ? Was Mr. Gardiner so dumb that
he could not act a« the agent of his own claim ? Not so, sir;
he is a man belonging to one of the libeial professions, and
cannot be supposed to he devoid of common sense; and,
bir, if his claim was a just one, he could him.-elf piesent it
hetore the proper ti ibunal and ask a decision upon its mer-
its. But if his claim was bad, he would naturally desire to
bring the stronger influence to its support. He* could not
have selected Mr. Corwin because of his great eloquence;
lor, sir, a plain, simple statement of facts was all that was
allowed before the tribunal. He could not have selected
him on account of his legal acumen in taking and arranging
testimony, tor, sit, this ca^e was prepared and the testi-
mony taken in Mexico; and everv one knows that Mr. Cor-
win, though a great favorite in Mexico in consequence of
his ' bloody hand and hospitable grave' sentiments, was
never in Mexico. Nay, mor«, sir; a grand inquest of the
country, upon their oaths, have said that this whole ca«e is
i a forgery. Why, then, sir, was Mr. Corvvin selected ? The
I answer is obvious: Mr. Corwin is a great man with hn
I party. He has been made so, sir, by the Whigs of Ohio.
; They made him their Representative first in this House;
; then, sir, they made him their standard bearer of the party
I in Ohio, by selecting him as their candidate for Governor;
{ then, sir, they sent him to the Senate of the United States.
[ But this is not ail; he was at one time the favorite of his
party in Ohio, as a candidate for the Presidency. His name,
in connection with that office, was at the mast-head of his
party press. Sir, Mr. Gardiner, as a shrewd man, knew all
this. He knew that this man must be possessed of ereat
influence with a Whig Administration ; and for the exor-
cise of this influence, for the power of this position, Mr.
Gardiner could afford to give Mr. Corwin .$ 100,000, if there-
by he could get allowed his claim of $4*0,000. But, sir, in
what light does it present Mr. Corwin before the country?
The people had sent him here to guard their interest*!; they
were paj ing him eight dollars per day to watch the National
Treasury; they supposed, mi, that with the vigilant and
ever-watchful eye of Mr. Corwin upon the Treasury, all
would be safe. But, sir, rumor says that they were mis-
| taken in their man; for whilst receiving pay from the peo-
| pie to .watch and guard their Treasury, this Mr. Gardiner,
j knowing his man, feed him upon the other side—he outbid
the people. Gardiner's §100,0^0 was as omnipotent over
your National Treasury as was the 4 Open ses&ame' of Ali
Baba over the cavern of the f Forty Thieves.5
"Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, (interiupting.) If the gentle-
man will allow me to coirect him, I understand that my
honorable colleague has charged upon the Secretary of the
Treasury dishonorable and dishonest connection with the
Gaidmer claim. Do f so understand him ?
Ci Mr. Olds. I have, made my statement clearly and ex-
plicitly. If my colleague does not understand it, I will
repeal it again, if he desires.
" Mr. Campbell. I undertake to say that if he does
charge upon the Secretary of the Treasury any dishonorable
or dishonest connection with that claim, it is wholly gra-
tuitous and unfounded. Now, [ happened to have been
placed 
Mr. Olds. X ask my colfcague to be brief, as I want all
my time.
" Mr. Campbell. I will ; and I will not stand here and
hear imputations and insinuations of dMionesiy against an
honorable man. I happened to be placed, at the'deam of
Geneial Taylor, in such a situation as to have enabled me
to understand fully and completely all the connections of
that diMmgmshed man with the claim then before the Mexi-
can Board ; and I say thi«, that so long as Mr. Corwin had
any interest, direct or remote, in any claim which could m
any possible contingency have to be* paid out of the Treas-
ury, he refused positively and peremptorily to take a seat in
the Cabinet.
"Mr. Olds. I hope my colleague will not understand
me as making any itiMnnations again-t Mr. Corwin [Laugh-
ter ] I hope I am not so understood by the House. I
charged upon Mr. Corwin that he was elected by the Le-
gislature ot Ohio, and given eight dollars a day to watch
over the National Tieasury ; and f charge that while receiv-
ing that pay fiom the people of the United States, he re-
ceived .*5.79,000 from the holder of a claim, said to be forg«d
and fraudulent, to open that Treasury and lake the money
from it. 1 hope thi< is no insinuation. [Laughter J I arn
sorry that my colleague should so understand it
" Mv colleague say^. that before Mr. Corwin took a •'eat
in the Cabinet, he sold out hi-, interest in this claim. Does
thatchangethe fraud perp'tratedupon the Treasury? Would
my colleague insinuate that Mr. Corwin would protect the
Treasury by swindling the muj to whom he sold his interest
m tin- fraudulent claim ? Nay, sir, is it not far more likely
that Mr. Ooi win had given positive a^urances that this
claim should be paid? Will any man, in the rightexeieise
of his reason, suppose for a single moment that so shrewd
a '•p-culat r a* George Law would have given $79,000 for a
contingent fee of $100,000 without a positive assurance
from Mr. Corwin that the claim should he allowed? Such
an excuse as that offered by mv colleague, only tends to
sink Mr Corwin deeper m infamy and corruption than the
ouginal charge.
" Mr. Campbell, (interrupting.) I wish to say one word.
45 Mr. Olds, f cannot yield.
"Mr. Campbell. I wish to say that Mr. Corwin will
challenge investigation."
_ This, sir, is the history of what occurred at that
time, as taken from the Congressional Globe. My
colleague says, " it left a satisfactory impression
upon my (his) mind." Yet his last words were,
" I vyisn to say Mr. Corwin will challenge inves-
tigation." My colleague, sir, is Mr. Corwin's
immediate representative. I understood, sir, and
I think the House understood, my colleague as
speaking by authority, when he pledged Mr.
! Corwin to ii challenge investigation," Jt was with
reference to this pledge, that in the preamble of
the resolution calling for investigation, I said,
" Whereas, Mr. Corwin, disregarding the pledge
of his immediate representative, has failed to call
for investigation," &c.
Now, sir, is there any lack of courtesy in this?
Is there anything disrespectful towards my col-
league in it? Yet my colleague says:
"That preamble betrays a desire on the part of my col-
league to involve me in a controversy with him ; for he sets
out that I, the (immediate representative'of Mr. Corwin,
