m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. II,
of that name, I think—was, aa the chronicle re-
lates, "casting in his mind to conquer the adjacent
island, because it seemed to him to be commo-
dious, and because its inhabitants-were savage and
rude," he was applied to by a deposed Irish prince
to reinstate him on the throne. The invader enjoyed
one vast advantage: England had been successive-
ly subjugated by the Romans, the Danes, the
Saxons, and the Normans, and in that rough ex-
perience she had acquired the consolidation and
discipline which, combined with the energy aris-
ing from a mingling of races, and an ambition
springing from an insular position, have enabled
her almost" to have the world in empire."
The invasion, of course, did not result in restor-
ing the Irish King, nor did it result in the con
quest of Ireland. It ended in only the establish-
[ ment of a small colony upon the coast, enclosed
with palisades, and therefore called " The Pale."
Within the " Pale" were Englishmen, English
Lords, Ehgliiffi manners, English customs, and
English rule; and without the "Pale" were the
entire nation of Irishmen, with their hereditary
princes, their native language, and customs, and
manners.
Acting upon the law of nations, as it was then
understood, these races regarded each other as
natural enemies, and hence ensued wars un-
sparingand unrelenting. The Reformation hurled
a new element into this internecine strife. The
• Catholic Church in England had given place to
one which suited its Kings and people better.
Considerations of prudence cooperating with a
spirit of proselytism, determined the Government
of England to subvert the Catholic Church in
Ireland. The sword was the missal sent, and a
ferocious soldiery were the apostles of the new
faith. The Irish preferred their paternal religion
to that which was so rudely recommended to
them by their enemies. The " Pale," although
backed by England, was too feeble to subjugate
Ireland, and Ireland, distracted by the jealousies of
her clans, was too weak to crush the "Pale;"
and so for four hundred years continued wars, at
the end of which both parties retained their relative
positions and power. And thus all that import-
ant portion of the nation's life was worse than
lost, in consequence of an imperfect conquest. At
last five hundred and twenty years after the first
invasion by Henry, and at the close of the great
battle fought on the banks of the Boyne, Ireland
capitulated, and at that time the entire twelve mil-
lions of acres of tillable land were divided and par-
celed out among the invaders and the few apos-
tatizing natives. Ireland capitulated, and by the
treaty of Limerick, subjected herself to the gov-
ernment of the " Pale. But she reserved, in the
most solemn manner, the liberty of conscience.
This right—the liberty of conscience—was not
only stipulated by the treaty of Limerick, but was
solemnly guarantied by William and Mary, the
common sovereigns of the two countries.
England, nevertheless, persevered in her policy
of subverting the Catholic Church, changing only
the means employed for that purpose. She perfid-
iously broke the covenants of peace, though they
had been written in blood, and established „a Pe-
nal Code, disfranchising the Catholic Irish people
of all civil and political, social and domestic lib-
erty, as well as of their ecclesiastical rights, and
thus substituted for invading armies the sterner
despotism of the law, and withdrew the sword to
replace it with the scaffold.
Sir, I shall not detail that atrocious code, but
will content myself by giving a description of it,
drawn by Edmund Burke, seventy years ago—a
description which time has now proved prophetic:
" It is," says lift, " a system fullof coherence andeonstst-
ency, well digested and well disposed in all Us parts fitted
for the impoverishment.,"—(ye*, Mr, these are tlie word*, )—
"fitted for the impoverishment atid the degradation of a I
people, and for debasing m them, oj human nataie itself." j
The after history of Ireland, IVIr. President, is !
a record of frequent and generous, but unavailing
struggles, by or in behalf of the People, to cast off
that code, and, more recently, to redeem the coun-
try from its desolating effects. In the year 1778,
Grattan, Burke, and Flood, profiting by the enthu-
siasm awakened thoughout the world by the Amer- ■
ican Revolution, and by the embarrassment of the
Irtish Government in consequence of it, succeed- I
ed in obtaining from the British Parliament a re- '
taxation of the rigors of this code in regard to *
education and the rights of property; and^n the I
year 1782, when the exigencies of the British Gov-
ernment had become more alarming, they succeed-
ed in wresting from the British King and Parlia-
ment a renunciation of legislative and sovereign
power over the Kingdom of Ireland; and it was
expressed in these solemn and. memorable words:
" The rights claimed by the people of Ireland, to be bound
only by laws enacted by His Majesty and the Parliament of
that Kingdom, shall be and are established, and, at no time
hereafter, shall be question«d or questionable."
Sir, Ireland exulted for a delirious moment in
national independence regained; but it was only
for a moment, and that moment was delirious,
Ireland required the repeal of the penal code, and
demanded a constitution. The Parliament and the
" Pale, "constituted of a Protestant representation
alone, and being in the interest of England, re-
fused both. Discontent, wide and deeo, pervaded
the Irish people. Emmett, Fitzgerala, and their
associates, in 1798, conspired to raise the standard
of insurrection; but they were betrayed, and the
rebellion was crushed in the germ.
The Government of Great Britain now assumed
that the people of Ireland had tried, fully e^nd
fairly tried, the experiment, and had proved them-
selves incapable of exercising the franchise of
self-government. The British Parliament there-
fore sent down to the Parliament of the Pale
what was called an act of Union, and in the year
1800 that mockery of a legislature adopted it,
and surrendered its own perfidious and pernicious
existence. By that act. of Union, Ireland, m May,
1800, was in name united, but was in fact ab-
sorbed, and became virtually a province of the
British Empire, with onty- the shadow of a repre-
sentation of the Protestant minority of the King-
dom in the British Parliament. Daniel O'Connell,
a jurist and advocate of surpassing genius, elo-
quence, and learning, inferring, from the failure
of the men of 1798, that the time for a martial
revolution had passed away, at least for the pres-
ent, conceived the bold'purpose of obtaining a re-
peal of the penal code and the restoration of his
country to a place among the nations, by a process
of civil agitation, always within the restraints of
the law, and looking for the effect through the ac-
tion of the King and Parliament of England. In
the year 1829 he obtained a signal triumph in the
passage of theact of Catholic emancipation. There
remained but one step between this memorable act
and the freedom and independence of Ireland.
That step was the repeal of the Act of Union. But
the ruin and desolation resulting from the penal
code, which Burke had predicted,pressed too hard
upon the march of the Reformer. Ireland could
not wait the slow progress and doubtful success
of civic agitation. The nation divided between
the parties of "Old Ireland," following the lead
of Daniel O'Connell and his peaceful standard,
and of Young Ireland,"under the revolutionary
banner set up by William Smith O'Brien. Now,
in point of fact, it is possible that even if the Irish
people had remained iwited, neither of those poli-
cies would have been successful; but it is also cer-
tain, that when the nation divided and broke, both
efforts signally failed. Daniel O'Connell died of
a broken heart at Genoa, on a pilgrimage to Rome,
and William Smith O'Brien, the leader of the Irish
rebellion, being found without attendants, arms,
or troops, was arrested, convicted of high treason,
and sentenced to an ignominious death. His sen-
tence being commuted by the Crown, he is now an
exile in Van Dieman's Land.
Simultaneously with the failure of these, the
last efforts hitherto made for the redemption of
Ireland, poverty and pestilence stalked abroad
through that ill-fated country, exciting the sym-
pathy of nations, and moving even the distant peo-
ple and Congress of the United States to send
relief. Depopulation of the Island assumed a
frightful momentum, and, from that time to this,
has continued to give the last confirmation, which
the most sceptical could have required, of the con-
clusion, that never on earth was a revolution more
just or more necessary, than that attempted by
William Smith O'Brien and his companions in
exile.
Sir, it is not my object in this review, to excite
prejudices, here or elsewhere, against England, or
against the Protestant Church within that King-
dom. I have no such prejudices myself. I dis-
claim and disdain partisanship in regard to his-
toric events. O'Connell was a Catholic ; Smith
O'Brien i« a Protestant. The rage of the sects
has died away in, the agony of the catastrophe
which has involved the people of both in a com-
mon desolation; and wise and sagacious men
m England look on the decay of Ireland as an
alarming presage of fiie decline of the^mpire.
But, sir, on an occasion like this, Ireland is entitled
to, and from me she has received,her vindication.
The policy of England was4he policy of the age,
and of the times, and of systems; and this is her
sufficient apology.
The sympathy of the American people, then,
in behalf of Ireland, is just.
I proceed to remark, that this sympathy derives
intenseness from the conceded genius and prover-
bial virtues of the Irish people. The plains of
Waterloo, and the heights of Abraham, attest that
they are brave as well as sagacious in war. Like
the Greeks, in their decline, they have enchanted
the world with their wit and song and eloquence.
They are confessedly confiding and generous to a
fault, while their whole history, and tradition
reaching now a period of a thousand years, exhibit
not one instance of unlawful aggression. Is not,
then, the tribute proposed by this resolution, due
to such a people? And if so, why shall it not be
offered?
1 am answered, that this is a question for the
British Government, and that it is they, and not
we, who are to extend clemency or pardon to the
Irish exiles. I grant it, fully grant it. But men
and nations are moved by persuasion. What is
asked here, is not an exercise of clemency, but
only a word of persuasion whispered to the Power
that can grant it.
1 am told that we may lawfully sympathize, as in-
dividuals, in the misfortunes of these unhappy men,
and of their more unhappy country; but that to us
as a political body—a State or nation—oj as the
represer^ati ves—-the Govern ment of a nation—such
sympathy is forbidden. This seems to me equiv-
alent to saying that we may indulge sentiments
of generous compassion, but we shall never carry
them into beneficent action. The sympathy of the
several members of this Senate, orof this Congress,
or of the individual citizens of the United States,
will be unavailing. If that sympathy is truly felt
hy the nation, it can only be effectually expressed
in the manner in which national sympathies,
and determinations of the national will, are always
made effective—by the action of the Government,
And, sir, let me say, that there is only one code
of morals for mankind, and its obligations bind
them equally, whether they be individuals, sub-
jects, citizens, states,"or nations,
I shall be told, that we may not intervene in this,
which is a domestic affair of a foreign Government.
It is true that we may not intervene in the affairs
of any Government for unjust purposes, nor can
we intervene by force for even just or benevolent
purposes. But this is the only restraint imposed on
us by the law of nations. That law, while it de-
clares that every Government has the absolute
right to deal with its own citizens, according to its
own laws, independently of any other, affords a
large verge and scope for the exercise of offices of
courtesy, kindness, benevolence, and charity. It
is Montesquieu who says that 44 the law of na-
4 tions is founded upon the principle, that every
' nation is bound in time of peace to do to every
* other nation all the gopd it possibly can, and in
4 time of war, the least evil it possibly can consist-
* ently with its own real interests." It is upon
this humane principle that diplomatic intercourse
is maintained among the civilized nations of the
earth, all of whom are by the law of nations re-
garded as constituting one great commonwealth.
But, Mr. President^ it will be said, that if we
adopt this resolution, it will, however harmless it
be m itself, furnish a precedent for mischievous
intervention, either by ourselves in the affairs
of other States, or by other States in our affairs
hereafter. To admit this argument is to admit
distrust of ourselves. We certainly do not dis-
trust our own sense of justice. We do not dis-
trust our own wisdom. So long as we remain
here, then, we shall be able to guard against anv
such abuse of this precedent. Let us also be
generous instead of egoistical, and let us believe
tnat neither wisdom nor justice will die with those
who occupy these places now, but that our suc-
cessors will be as just and as wise as we are. So
far as the objection anticipates an abuse of this
precedent by foreign States, I have only to say,
that if a foreign State shall ask of us just what we
