1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
the gentleman from North Carolina, that this mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. VENABLE. I know that the truth is
very often not debatable. I merely throw out
those remarks for the consideration of the com-
mittee.
The question was then put, and the bill was
passed over informally. I
PROTECTION OF THE TERRITORIES. |
The CHAIRMAN stated as the next business j
in order, House bill No. £59, being a bill to pro-
vide for the protection of the Territories of New
Mexico and Oregon.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate, 4*c\, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authoi ized to caiwai m> lo be distributed
among such poitions of the inhabitants of New Mexico and
Oregon as he may deem advisable, and under Mich regula-
tion* and piecautiojjd a> may be considered neees^aiy to
insure the picseivation of ^aid arm^, and the application
thereof to the defense of the said Teri ltories.
Sec. '2. And be it further enacted, That the President
be, and he i-> heieby, authored, whenever ho may deem it
necessary foi the pmtection of said Territories, or either of
them, to'call out all or any poition of the militia thereof, or
to accept the services ot one or more voluiueei companies
which may be iai->ed theiein ; arid the volunteer and mili-
tia &o called into service <liail b 1 entitled to th" <-ame oi<ii-
nary monthi)' pa> and allowances a* were urovided in law
for volunteeis while in the service of the United States, un-
der the act entitled uAn act providing for the prosecution of
thi' existing war between the United States and the licpub-
lic ot Mexico," approved May 13, 134o.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. PEASLEE. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the provisions of the bill now
under consideiation, as I conceive it to be an im-
portant one, and entitled to their favorable action.
The first section of the bill authoi lzes the Presi-
dent to distribute arms amongst such portions of
the people of New Mexico and Oregon as lie may
deem advisable and necessary for the protection of
the inhabitants of those Territories. It also re
quires him to take such precautions, and adopt
such regulations as to their delivery, as shall in-
sure their preservation, and their application to
the defense and protection of the people of the
Territories.
We have a plenty of arms now lying idle in our
arsenals—over six hundred thousand stands, in-
cluding muskets, rifles, pistols, musketoons, and
carbines, and under such guards and restrictions
as the bill imposes to insure those distributed being
placed in trustworthy and responsible hands, and
to prevent then* being sold or improperly used, no
loss of any consequence would accrue to the Gov-
ernment from this course, unless the power given
to the President should be abused, of which there
is as little apprehension in this case as in any what-
ever.
The arms will never be more needed than they
are at present, if as much so; and it should be
remembered that such are the changes and im-
provements made, and continually making, in,the
manufacture of fire-arms, that those on hand may
become comparatively valueless for use against an
enlightened enemy.
Tiie second section authorizes the President,
whenever he may deem it necessary for the pro-
tection of these Territories, or either of them, to
call out the militia that may be organized, or ac-
cept the services of such volunteer companies as
may be raised. This part of the bill only author-
izes to be done in the Territories what has always
been understood to be authorized by the law of
1795 in the States, as to their militia.
It would seem that the right or authority to ex-
ercise this power, if it should exist anywhere,
ought to exist and be exercised for the benefit of a
people who are surrounded by hostile tribes of In-
dians, who, separated into small predatory bands,
oftentimes overrun the country, destroying crops,
driving off whole herds of cattle, frequently mur-
dering the inhabitants, or carrying them into cap-
tivity, and who are a source of constant terror
and annoyance. Of these occurrences we have
frequent and almost daily accounts. We have
heard of depredations committed last fall by the
Apaches and Navajoesat the Copper mines, which
resulted m their carrying off a hundred and seventy
head of stock, belonging to the Army, and to the
Boundary Comm'ssion—or, which is all thesame,
to the Treasury of the United States; and we have
had more recent accounts of their stealing, under
the eye of the garrison ofFort Conrad, forty mules
from the troops; and, although hotly pursued by
our dragoons, escaping with their booty; of their
running off with about the same number of ani-
mals from near Fort Fillmore; of their robbing
and killing Mr. Bient, the lamented and distin-
guished member of the Legislature from Santa Fe,
and his servant; of their entering JLa Joya, a
Mexican town in the valley of the Rio Grande,
and, after a regular battle, succeeding in carrying
off all the stock thsy wanted, besides killing a
number of New Mexicans; of their behaving in
like manner with the inhabitants of Polvtidera;
also, of a small band of Apaches surprising three
citizens from the village of Leimiter, and murder-
ing them; of their entering thesuburbs of El Paso,
and killing four men; of their destiuction of the
mail party near San Antonio; of their attacking
ten dragoons, who had in charge a (Jnited States
wagon, returning to Fort Conrad, killing four of
them, and wounding several, and taking off the
wagon, with the mules; of their carrying oif a bun-
dled head of stock, and killing two non-commis-
sioned officers near Fort Webster; ail these outrages,
and doubtless many others, were committed within
the space of two months. The very last accounts
! that i have seen from New Mexico, show that
| the Indians ate continuing then depi edations to
j an alarming extent; that meetings are being held
| to memorialize Congress on the subject; and that
i the people are in a state of the greatest distress
j and misery.
I I saw in a paper this morning, that on the 10th
! of March last, the Indians killed one man below
Socorro; on the 18th, that one man was killed at
Socorro and eight oxen stolen; that about the same
time they took three Government mule teams and
wagons, on their way fiom Albuquerque to the
mountains, and that six men only could be mounted
at headquarters for their pwsuit; that of an express,
sent by Major Emory to Mr. Bartlett,of the Bound-
ary Commission, with dispatches, the whole party,
numbering some fifteen men, had been killed; that
a party of seven men, hunting up some pack-mules,
were surprised and inhumanly murdered, near the
mouth of the Colorado, by a very large party of
Indians armed with clubs; that there were six
soldiers and one citizen teamster, who were herd-
ing the animals of Major Fitzgerald, cut oif from
the camp by a body of more thin two hundred
Indians, and killed; after which the Indians made
an open attack upon the camp, and were repulsed
with the loss of four killed, and many wounded. A
people so situated ought, at least, to have on hand,
and be as liberally supplied with the means of de-
fense and protection as the inhabitants of the older
States, who are not subjected to such outrages,
threatening the safety of all. It will be recollected,
too, that the nature of the country affords but little
for the support of an army, and that the trans-
portation of the stores, provisions, and munitions
of war (many of them perishable m their nature)
for our troops, in wagons over so great a distance
as to New Mexico, is exceedingly expensive; and
also that the country, covered with thickets as bad
as any in Florida, interlaced with an intermediate
network of sloughs, abounding, as it does, in places
of refuge and concealment, renders it easy for the
Indians to avoid the troops, and is remarkably
favorable for this predatory warfare.
The New Mexicans, too, could probably be far
more effectually employed than any regular troops
m expeditions against the hostile Indians, whose
mode of fighting is familiar to them, and does not
strike them with that degree of terror with which
it inspires those men who enlist on the legular
establishment.
We cannot, without impeachment both to our
justice and our humanity, abandon the people ot
New Mexico to the plunder and rage of their sav-
age enemies. And when we consider the warlike
disposition of the Indians in general, and the alac-
rity with which the victors are ever suie to be
joined by numerous allies; and when we know,
too, that the savages place all their glory in deeds
of war; and that among them a young man can-
not make his appearance in company until he
has signalized his valor by some martial achieve-
ment, it behooves us to encourage, instruct, and
assist m every possible way our fellow-citizens,
thus situated, that they may be able and prepared
to defend themselves.
The theory of our Government is, that (instead
of relying upon a large standing army) arms
should be placed in the hands of all the people,
and that theif should unite for the protection of life,
property, and freedom, and be themselves ever
prepared to meet the shock of battle. The few
American-born citizens residing in New Mexico,
are doubtless well supplied with arms; but the
New Mexicans are destitute, may be said to be
entirely destitute, of any fit for service. What can
be expected of a people thus deprived of the means
of defending themselves or others, if acting under
the consciousness of universal contempt and in-
dividual distrust? Would it not be better, far
better, to endeavor to elevate them to the character
of agents, upon whom devolves the duty of assist-
ing m propelling this Government towards the end
sought m its institutions? And will not the dis-
tribution of arms and books of tactics—the organ-
ization, discipline, and instruction of militia com-
panies—the habit of exercising the privileges of
freemen at the polls, of investigating the aft'airs of
Government, and the conduct of public officers,
have a tendency to give greater intelligence, in-
dustry, and exaltation of character, and to fasten
immovably the affections of this people upon the
political institutions of their country, and to excite
every just feeling of national and individual pride?
There is another point it would be well for us
to think of at an early date. By our treaty with
Mexico, we are in fact made a party to their bor-
der Indian wars. If we were to be involved in
geyeral Indian hostilities in New Mexico, where
the fastnesses of the country would enable them
to hold out perhaps for many years, who could
estimate the expense which would result from it,
especially if weieceive no aid from the inhabit-
ants? It is said the Florida war cost $40,000,000;
if so, the cost of a similar war in New Mexico
might exceed $200,000,000. Shall we, then,
afford to our well-disposed citizens no means, no'
encouragement, no power to defend themselves,
and keep down those border difficulties, which
have for years desolated the Mexican States; and
thereby save millions of dollars to the Treasury,
and thousands of lives of our fellow-citizens?
The bill further provides, that the militia and
volunteers, when called into service, shall receive
the same rates of pay allowed under the act of
1846 to the volunteers in Mexico and Texas,
which is a trifle larger than the allowance of the
United States troops. This will not be objected
to when we consider the sacrifices to which they
would be subjected when called off for a tempo-
rary purpose from their regular pursuits on a sud-
den emergency; and when we consider, also, that
labor and every species of supplies are dearer in
New Mexico and Oregon than they were in Texas
and Mexico, where the same pay was allowed.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) I desire
to call the gentleman's attention to one fact. 1 do
not think there is any difficulty in relation to the
provisions of the second section. The question,
however, might arise, in relation to the allowance
to be given these militia and volunteers, whether
they would not also be entitled to the bounty land
to which the volunteers in Mexico were entitled ?
Mr. PEASLEE. In answer to the gentleman's
inquiry, I would inform him that the same point
had occurred to me, ond thank him for alluding
to it. I have made inquiry at the Pensioi-i Office
Department, and was informed that bounty land
would not be allowed under this provision.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from New Hampsluie to peimit me to make one
other inquiry. I am m favor of the bill. I thmk
the best means we can adopt for the purpose of
defending our frontiers are those proposed in this
bill. But 1 desire to inquire of the gentleman
whether a like provision is made to distribute arms
in the State of California and Texas, where depre-
dations are likewise committed? If not, I would
suggest that the bill be so modified as to include
those States.
Mr. PEASLEE. In answer to the gentleman's
inquiry, there is no provision for the distribution
of arms to the States of Texas and California, as
proposed by the bill, to the Territories. Those
States and the Temtones, however, are entitled to
receive their annual quota of arms, according to
the number of their militia, if they comply with
I the requisitions of the law. But the latest returns
show our whole militia force to be 2,211,174 men.
This will give only 5.I8-J00 muskets, with the
! requisite equipments, per 1000 militia men. A
6-pounder cannon, mounted and equipped, is rated
i as equivalent to 47.57 100 muskets and cquip-
! ments. One cannon so furnished will, therefore,
[| absorb the quota due to 9183 men.
