1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2303
have failed to call for investigation. If it is controversy
with me that my colleague has been seeking, I can say to
him that he can have it to his heart's content."*
(i Oh ! ye gods and little fishes!"
Am I to understand that this is an open declar-
ation of war? Oris it, rather, an illustration of the
old saw—
" That little dogs that dare not bite,
Sometimes bark to vent their spite?"
But to pass on with the Gardiner investigation.
I waited more than two months for Mr. Corwin
and his immediate representative to " challenge,"
or, rather, to call for an investigation. But I
waited in vain. I then asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution calling
ujxm the President of the United States for inform-
ation, to know why the Gardiner suit was not
prosecuted, and for such information as might be
m his possession touching Corwin's connection
with the claim. Objection was made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] one of
the leading Whigs of this Congress. I acquiesced,
supposing that Mr. Corwin, or his friends, were
not yet prepared for the investigation. Time It
passed on. Months again elapsed. Rumors be-
came more and more rife relative to the Gardi-
ner fraud. When I asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the preamble and res-
olution now under consideration, objection was
made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] I asked leave to introduce the resolu-
tion at a few minutes past twelve o'clock, noon.
My colleague immediately disappeared from his
seat. I supposed that he had gone to consult
Mr. Corwin. At four o'clock that afternoon Mr.
Corwin left Washington city in the cars for Ohio.
So far, Mr. Speaker, from my seeking the ab-
sence of Mr. Corwin for an occasion to introduce
the resolutions, precisely the contrary is the fact.
You can bear me witness, Mr. Speaker, that I
urged you to give me an opportunity to introduce
the resolutions, as I had been told that in a few
days Mr. Corwin would leave the city, and that I
desired him, before leaving, to have notice that an
investigation would certainly be demanded. I
think, instead of being charged with taking ad-
vantage of his absence, that with more plausibility
I may charge, that when my colleague informed
him of what was going on in the House, he em-
braced the first train of cars to flee from the city.
But my colleague complains because my resolu-
tions were (i prefaced with a string of preambles
setting forth what rumor,"—which, says my col-
league, I had myself created in part,—" said upon
the subject
It is true, sir, that in Ohio last fall, I was in-
vited, and did actually address Democratic meet-
ings in nearly half the counties in the State. It is
also true, that in each and all these meetings, at
the one in the county in which my colleague
resides, as well as the one in the very town in
which for many years Mr. Corwin has resided, I
charged upon Mr. Corwin, in language as strong
as that used in my resolutions and preamble, his
connection with the Gardiner fraud. And what,
sir, was the result? Why, sir, in Ohio, where
Mr. Corwin and myself are personally known to
almost every citizen, where, according to the
showing of my colleague, this assault " should fait
perfectly harmless," the Whig party, in defending
Mr. Corwin, were beaten more than twenty-five
thousand votes. Another election is approaching
in Ohio; my colleague is himself a candidate for
reelection. No wonder, sir, that he speaks feel-
ingly, and feels sensibly upon this subject.
But, sir, my colleague, in his attempted defense
of Mr. Corwin, admits enough to warrant this
House in prosecuting an investigation. After
alluding to the Galphin controversy in this Hall,
and the death of General Taylor, and the offer of
a seat in Mr. Fillmore's Cabinet to Mr. Corwin,
my colleague says:
"Mr. Corwin, having then fresh upon his mind the
scenes of this Hou«e a few days previous upon the Galphin
matter, declared to his friends that his contingent fees on
Mexican claims were an insuperable barrier to his accept-
ance; that under no circumstances would he subjcet him-
self to any such suspicions as had given rise to that oontro-
veisv. He was importuned and pressed, by day and by
right, by distinguished statesmen from all quarters of the
Union, to accept the po<t. His resolution was fixed, and
in reply to the argument, that as these claims were settled,
and determined by a tribunal independent of the Cabinet in
all its action, his" delicacy was too fastidious, he sternly
said, that he would never act as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury out of whieh any claim, in which he had either a direct
or remote interest, should be paid. On this point he was
immoveable. His friends then suggested that he should first
dispose ot all his interests in those claims. To this he con-
sented. A house in NewYoik proposed to buy his interest.
The terms were arranged; the money was paid."
In this my colleague,'the confidential friend of
Mr. Corwin, fully admits two of the charges
which I made against Mr. Corwin:
1st. That Mr. Corwin, whilst acting as Senator
from the State of Ohio, and receiving eight dollars
P.er **or matching over, and guarding the Na-
tional Treasury, took a large contingent fee for the
prosecution of a claim against the United States—
the amount of his fee depending upon the amount
of money he could get out of the United States
Treasury.
2d. That when he was appointed the head of
the Treasury Department, and received the cus-
tody of the National Treasury, and when this
claim, if paid, must be paid upon his warrant, he
sold his contingent claim to a gentleman in New
York, for a large sum of money.
Now, sir, a few words with regard to the fraud-
ulent character of this claim. In speaking of
Mr. Corwin's connection with it, my colleague
\ " The proofs were furnished by Gardiner and his agents,
i and I have the authority of the members of the Board of
I Commissioners, composed, as it was, of distinguished men
! and able jurists, for saying that there was 110 clearer case
! presented to that Board than this of Gaidiner. The papers
J were most perfect, both in matter of form and substance,
i and contained internal evidence, by a combination of cor-
j roborative circumstances, to foice the conclusion that the
J claim was just. It was allowed."
i In this short statement, my colleague makes
himself a witness for the Gardiner claim. Let us
see, then, how this statement agrees with my col-
league's previous statements. He says:
" General Thompson, of South Carolina, was employed
as his counsel. General Thompson being the warm per-
sonal friend of Mr. Corwin, and acquainted Willi his high
legal attainments, and desnons to avail himself of his as-
sistance, employed him to aid m the argument to the fioaid
of Commissioners. The fee agreed on to be paid Mr. Cor-
win by General Thompson was five per cent, upon the
amount allowed. Gardiner had nothing to do with Mr.
Corwin in this contracl. Mr. Corwin spent, to my knowl-
edge, the greater part of one vacation between two ses
sions of the Senate in the preparation of arguments in this
cause."
In this sentence my colleague tells us that Gen-
eral Thompson himself, a distinguished advocate
and jurist, acquainted with his (Corwin's) high
legal attainments, employed him to aid in the ar-
gument to the Board of Commissioners, and that
to his personal knowledge Mr. Corwin spent the
greater part of one vacation, between twosessions
of the Senate, being the greater part of nine
months, in the preparation of arguments in this
cause. First, my colleague had the authority
of the commissioners for saying " that there was
no clearer case presented to that board than this of Gard-
iner;" that " the papers were most perfect, both in
matter of form and substance, and contained internal
evidence, by a combination of corroborative circum-
stances, to force the conclusion that the claim icas
just." Yet General Thompson, himself an emi-
nent lawyer, knowing Mr. Corwin's high legal
attainments, found it necessary to give him
$100,000 for his services in the prosecution of the
claim, and that Mr. Corwin actually spent the
greater part of nine months in the preparation of
the case.
What, sir, is to be the interpretation of these
contradictory statements? 1 fear me, sir, that my
colleague himself will convict Mr. Corwin of being
a party to the fraud. I fear me, sir, that this case
is likely to be far more serious upon Mr. Corwin
than even his worst enemies had apprehended.
This case, when presented to the commissioners,
was #< most perfect." "No case presented was
more perfect," both in matter of form and sub-
stance." Mr. Corwin spent the best part of nine
months in the preparation of the case; and yet the
facts are, that the whole case is a fraud, from be-
ginning to end. No such silver mine as that
claimed by Gardiner ever even existed. Every
signature affixed to his evidence, with the excep-
tion of the signature of the consul at Vera Cruz,
is said to be a forgery. Under these circumstances,
the district attorney caused Mr. Gardiner to
be again arrested and thrown into prison. No
wonder, sir, that when Mr. Corwin heard that a
committee of investigation was about to be raised
in this House, he fled in dismay from the city.
No wonder, sir, that my colleague was willing to
withdraw his pledge that Mr. Corwin should
" challenge investigation."
Mr. Speaker, " for the credit of my State," to use
the language of my colleague, " for the honor of
her citizens, of all parties," I hope the statement
of my colleague is untrue. Yet my colleague
seems to rely implicitly upon it, for he says: -
"Now, Mr. Chairman, for the uuth,substantially, ofthis
statement, I pledge mv veiacityas a man, and my nonoras
a Representative m the American Congress."
j Mr. Speaker, in the remarks which I had the
j honor to submit to this House oh the 20th of the
I last month, speaking of the GaJphinism of thia
I Administration, I then said that—
" Through the investigation of Congress, their Galphin-
ism has been exposed; and Crawford, loaded v.ith the exe-
nativns of the Jimerican people, has received hib passport
to -perpetual infamy. But Coru-in still remains unwhipped
of justice. True, sir, his catspaw and accomplice in the
fraud, is loaded with irons, and is branded by public senti-
j ment as apcrjure.r andfnrz.tr; but the master-moving spirit,
the head and brains, in the fraud, through the negligence
of this House, is still permitted to control the T) eatury of
the United States. Though this House mail not viiit upon
him retributive justice, yet the Jimerican people, remember-
ing, in connection with this fraud, ' his bloody hand and hos-
pitable gi ave ' sentiments, and the aid and comfort he gave
oar enemies in time of wai, will sink him so deep in infamy,
1 that the hand of resurrection will never reach him.  "
After making this quotation from my speech,
my colleague remarks:
" Here, Mr. Chairman, are two clear, positive, and dis-
■ tinct charges. First, that Mr. Corwin has been guilty of
! the high ciime of subornation of perjury. Secondly, That
j he is particeps criminis to a most villainous fraud upon the
j public Tieasury, over which he wasappotnted the people's
I sentinel. If my colleague were present, t would extend to
j him now the opportunity of withdrawing, uncondmonaUv,
j the base calumny; or I should, on behalf of my consut-
i uents, demand a statement of his proofs. But, presuming
j that he ventures to bas.e his. charge upon public minor, and
j avails himself of th/  aid of her foul and irresponsible
i tongue, to slander my friend and constituent, that his party
j may gain something, 1 have but fo say that public rumor is
j notoriously a 1 common Jmr,' and that the charge of these
! crimes upon Mr. Corwin is a willful, a malicious, andade-
| hbeiate he."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am very much obliged to
my colleague, both for his honorablecourtesy, and
unparalleled generosity as manifested in this ex-
tract. He generously affords me the opportuni-
ty of withdrawing, unconditionally, the base cal-
umny which his own statement fastens upon Mr.
Corwin, or otherwise " he demands the proofs."
Now, sir, I affirm: 1st. That Mr. Corwin, while
acting as Senator, and receiving eight dollars per day
for watching and guarding the National Treasury,
took a contingent fee,said to amount to $100,000, for
the prosecution of a claim against that Treasury. I
affirm, 2d. That when about to become the head of
the Treasury Department, he sold his contingent fee
to a citizen of New York for a large amount, said to
be $79,000, and that said claim, amotmting to nearly
half a million of dollars, was paid upon the warrant
or draft of Mr. Corwin. For the proof of these
allegations, I refer not only to public rumor, but
to the statement of my colleague, which, he says,
upon the honor of a man, and an American Rep-
resentative, are true.
I affirm, in the third place, that public rumor
charges that Thomas Corwin and Robert Corwin,
his nephew, through Mr. Corcoran, purchased the one
fourth interest of this claim for the sum of $15,000,
and that with this $15,000, Dr. Gardiner twice visited
Mexico in the preparation of his papers and evidence
to be presented to the Board of Commissioners. I
charge, in the fourth place, upon public rumor,
that Dr. Gardiner's claim toas founded upon his right
to a silver rnine in Mexico, from winch, he alleges, he
was expelled by the Mexicans. I charge, in the fifth
place, upon public rumor, that no such silver mine,
as the one claimed, by Dr. Gardiner, ever existed •
And I charge, in the last place, upon the finding
of the Grand Inquest of this District, and upon
the criminal prosecution now existing against
Dr. Gardiner, that the evidence upon which the Mex-
ican Claims Commissioners awarded nearly a half a
million of dollars to Gardiner, Coricin Co., was a
forgery from beginning to end. And I have the au-
thority of my colleague, Mr. Corwin's bosom
friend and immediate representative, for saying
that Mr. Corwin, in consequence of his high legal
attainment, was employed, and actually spent the
greater portion of nine months in the preparation
of this case for presentation to the Board of Com-
missioners; and I willsave my colleague thepainful
duty of demanding the proof, by asking the House
for a committee of investigation, and an opportu-
nity of furnishing the proof.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is a notorious fact, that
both my colleague arid Mr. Corwin are ardent sup-
porters of General Scott. That it is charged upon
