1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
It will be a Ion2: time, as the committee per-
ceive, before the people of the Territories, or the
new States alluded to by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, could be armed under the general law. I
have no objection to the amendment proposed by
him, and will vote for it; but as the subject was
not brought before the committee for whom I re-
ported this bill, by any petition or application, it
was not acted on by them.
ft will be recollected, Mr. Chairman, that the
President, in his annual message, and the Secre-
tary of War, m his last report, recommend sub-
stantially the same measure now before the com-
mittee.
They recommend that every facility and encour- ;
agemeiit should be afforded in these Territories to !
the formation of a local militia, in which they are 1
now almost entirely deficient. As the first step I
towards the accomplishment of this object, it is
important that the Executive be authorized todts-
tribute arms among such portions of the inhabit-
ants as the bill proposes, and the committee who
have had this bill under consideration are fully
persuaded that the advantages which would result
from the adoption of this measure, in familiariz-
ing the people with the use of arms, in inspiring;
them with confidence, and in encouraging the
formation of militia companies, would far more
th$n compensate for the trifling expense that
would attend it. The very fact "that the inhabit-
ants were known to be armed would tend to in-
timidate the Indians, and save to some extent the
necessity of their use.
Colonel Sumner, the intelligent commanding:
officer of our troops in New Mexico, in a letter
from Fort Union, addressed to the Secretary of
War, m October last, says: " Our system of
e shielding this people entirely must have a tend-
4 ency to debase them. They never can become
* respectable American citizens, until they nrenble
* ami willing to assist in defending their own fire-
* sides;" nnd he suggests that it would be well to
organize several companies of Mexican volunteers,
to receive army pay and rations when called out
by the proper authorities, and only then. He ad-
vises that they be furnished with arms, and would
have them instructed and encouraged in every
possible way. This, he says, would make them
respected and feared by the Indians there. The
same remarks apply with equal force, and perhaps
greater, to the people of Oregon* (so far as relates
to the distribution of arms and the encouragement
of a local militia,) for they are further removed
from assistance, and have within their borders
sixi v tribes of Indians, although some of them are
small.
As an additional reason for adopting this course,
[ am informed by the Secretary of War, that partly
on account of the scaicity of forage in New Mex-
ico, and partly with a view to olford protection to
emigrants on the route to Oregon, several compa-
nies of dragoons now stationed in New Mexico,
will probably be withdrawn, whereby the tegular
force nssigned to the defense of this Territory will
be considerably reduced.
The Constitution guaranties, not by implication,
but in express terms, " protection of person and
property7' to the inhabitants of these Territories,
as well as to all other citizens of this Republic.
By the eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, too, we arc bound to protect the Mexi-
can frontier against our Indians; and this frontier
is equally exposed with our own Territories to !
their hostile incursions. Congress failed to raise
the additional regiment of mounted men, recom-
mended by the Executive at the last session, for
the protection of our southwestern frontier and
the adjAcent Mexican States against the Indian
tribes within our borders. The military force now
stationed within the Territoiies, although forming
a large poition of the army, is represented as en-
tirely inadequate for the fulfillment of our treaty
stipulations with Mexico,and to afford that" pro-
tection" which we are bound by our constitutional •
obligations to afford to all of our citizens. This
measure is urged as all-important by the Delegates
from the Territories of New Mexico and Oregon.
It may be the means of savins; the lives of many
of our citizens and much of their property, and of :
saving the Government, too, a large amount of
money by aiding in preventing those border diffi-
culties and depredations of our Indians upon the
Mexican frontier, which we are bound by our
treaty stipulations to prevent, and in the transport-
ation of the stoies, subsistence and munitions of
war, about nine hundred miles in wagons, it is a
measure asked for by the President, to enable him
to discharge his duty; the bill, too, m the form in
which it has been reported and unanimously
agreed upon by the committee, I am authorized to
say, meets with the entire approbation of the Sec-
retary of War in all its provisions, and I believe
also of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
It will be attended with but little comparative ex-
pense, and I hope the committee will not hesitate
to adopt it at once, as an act of justice to the people
of the Territories, and economy to the Govern-
ment, and demanded alike by interest and duty.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I aslc the gentleman to
yield for a moment, in order to enable me to offer
an amendment. I propose, as an amendment to
the bill, to insert after the word "Oregon," in the
second section, the words4 * and the States of Texas
and California."
Mr. PHELPS. I do not concur in opinion with
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Peas-
lee J as to the propriety or expediency of the first i
section of this bill. 1 desire as mucli as he can, i
and i desire as much as the Delegate from New
Mexico can, that protection shall be extended to
the people of New Mexico. 1 am as well aware
as he is, or as the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Peasi,ee] can be, that there aredepie-
dations and murdeis commuted by the Indians
almost daily upon the inhabitants of New Mex-
ico. But the inhabitants of that Territory are
more peculiarly situated than the inhabitants of
any other Terntory. A large class of those citi-
zens have recently been obliged to change their
allegiance by no act, wish, or will, of their own.
They have been transferred from Mexico to the
United States, and it cannot be expected, among
the ignorant Mexican population of that Territory,
that any very great good-will or kind feeling should
be manifested or entertained towards the American
citizens who may be residing among them. You
may divide the population of New Mexico into
four classes: Tii^re is, first, the native-born Mexi-
cans, who became citizens of the United States by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo 
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asrury Dickivs, its Secretary,
informing the House that that body had passed
House bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of John W. Robinson;
An act for the further relief of Robert Milligan:
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget; and
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Greer.
The Senate have also passed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act to regulate the compensation of the dis-
trict judge of the United States for the district of
Massachusetts;
An act to provide for the removal of obstructions
in the river Savannah, in the State of Georgia, and
for the improvement of the same;
An act for the relief of Sarah D. Mackay;
An act for the relief of Wiliiam Bedient, late a
sergeant of the fourth regiment of artillery;
An act for the relief of Robert Armstrong;
An act for the relief of Guion <$c McLaughlin;
An act for the relief of Theodore 12. Elliott;
An act for the relief of Barbary Reily;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Noah Miller, of Lincolnvilie, in the State of
Maine, and the relief of other persons;
An act to amend and extend the provisions of
an act entitled "An act for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines of the United States schooner Giampus, and
for other purposes," approved June 15, 1844;
An act for the relief of John McVey;
An act for the relief of Gad Humphreys;
An act for the relief of Nancy Bo wen;
An act for the relief of Lafayette McLaws, of
the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Richard King;
An act for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winslow; and
A11 act for the relief of Rosanna So wards;—
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.]
Mr. PHELPS (resuming.) I was remarking
that the population of New Mexico might be di-
vided into four classes. The native born Mexi-
cans, who became citizens of the United States by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. The native
Americans, who have emigrated from the States
to New Mexico, and have resided there for some
length of time. The Pueblo Indians, or the civ-
ilized Indians, inhabiting the towns and villages,
who by the laws of Mexico were recognized as
citizens, and entitled to the rights of citizenship, and
it is contended that these Indians are citizens of
the United States by virtue of the provisions of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. And then there is
a fourth class, consisting of the wild Indians who,
inhabiting the mountains, make incursions into
the cultivated regions of the country, and commit
these murders and robberies. Those murders and
robberies are committed, as well upon the Pueblo
Indians as upon the white citizens lesidmg in that
Territory. I do not profess—for such has been no
part of the duty assigned to'roe as a member of
this House—toknow'howfar the military laws of
the United States extend to theTei ritones, but my
impression is, that there is no law of the United
States authorizing the organization of the militia
in the Temtoi ies of the United States. The act of
1792, the main provisions of which are now in
force, only extends to the States. I3y the pro-
visions of this bill, you authorize the President of
the United States to cause arms to be distributed
among such portions of the inhabitants of New
Mexico and Oregon—but I have nothing to say
in relation to Oregon, and confine my remarks en-
tirely to New Mexico—as he may deem advisable.
"If these arms me to be distributed to the inhabit-
ants of New Mexico, there js as much necessity
for their distribution to the Pueblo Indians, as
there is to the Mexicans who have become citi-
zens of this country. TheAmencan-borncitizens
who are there need no arms to be distributed to
them. There is no American-born citizen in the
Territory ofNew Mexico who is not, at this time,
as well armed as he would be if you pass the first
section of this bill, and distribute arms to them.
Nor is there a single citizen in Oregon Teriitory
who is not armed, and they have gone out there
—have crossed the Plains—as well armed, as a
soldier is armed for the field of battle.
I tell you that the people who are inhabiting the
Terntories and living on the frontiers, do not need
arms to be placed in their hands—I mean our native-
born citizens—for the purpose of protecting them-
selves. 1 ask the Delegate from the Territory of
New Mexico, [Mr. Weightman,] if the American
citizens in New Mexico, when traveling there, do
not go armed, as much as if they were engaged in
the military service of our countty ?
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. 1 have to reply to the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, that the
American portion of the population of New Mex-
ico have arms, but they comprise but a mere hand-
ful of the people of New Mexico. They do not
exceed eight hundred; and those eight hundred
will be very insufficient to carry out the objects
intended by this bill—the protection of the people
of that Territory. And further, I stand here and
say that they, as a general thing, do not desire
the protection of the people of that Tenitory. The
whole population of New Mexico, as shown by
the census, is 61,547, and this includes the Pueblo
Indians, a very respectable class of the commu-
nity.
l\Tr. PHELPS. Certainly; a very respectable
and industrious class they are.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Out of that number,
there are of peisons born in the States, five hun-
dred and thirty-eight, and no more; and of persons
born in other foreign countries, two hundred and.
sixty-two, making 111 all only eight hundred people,
other than New Mexicans, in the whole Territory.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not at this time want the
others armed, except when called into the military
service of the country. The gentleman from New
Mexico has answered me, and has answered as I
knew he must 'answer, that the American-born
citizens are all of them armed. He has further-
more stated to this House, that there are about
eight hundred of them, and that they do not desire
the Mexican inhabitants to receive arms.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I did not say that; and
perhaps it may be as well now to remind the
House, what I told them before, that I have ac-
companying me from New Mexico, an escort of
seven or eight persons, (though I cannot call it an
escort of honor,) who come here for the purpose
of defeating everything like beneficial legislation
for that country. One of them stands behind the
gentleman now.
