328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11.
little-ahead, and to inquire now what we do to-
day, may be done in a very unpleasantmanner in
respect to ourselves to-morrow.
Now, jet us suppose for one moment that some
of the actors in the Christiana riot had been found
guilty of high treason. They were indicted for
that crime. High treason i.% a political offence.
We know, in this country, of no treason like that
which from time to time has been established by
particular statutes .in England. We know of no
treason except levying war against the United
States, or giving aid and comfort to their ene-
mies. Suppose that the transaction in which any
of these parties were engaged, had been declared
to be an act of levying war against the United
States—and that being an act, adopted in conse-
quence of a concert to prevent entirely and in all
t cases the execution of a law of the United States,
it was in no judicial sense to be discriminated from
any other Jiltenipt to destroy the authority of the
GovernmaB, and put an end to the supremacy
of the laws: J pray you, sir, if that case would
not in a few sympathizing minds, oil the other
side of the water, have presented a case with all
the claims which the honorable Sc-nntoi from
Michigan brings forward in behalf of these Irish
exiles, for the interference of the masses, or the
Governments, or the Parliaments, or the other le-
gislative assemblies on the other side of the water,
under the strong feelings of modem humanity and
general sympathy for the oppressed everywhere'
Why, to those people these Christiana rioters
would have appealed lioole men—guilty, it is
true, of committing the little technical offence of
violating the municipal laws of the country, con-
victeil, to be sure, of what was called treason
against the United States, but influenced by high
and noble motives, under the full inspiration of the
"higher law" enthusiasm, which prompted them
to come forward and at every earthly hazard, not
for the benefit of themselves, hut, its my friend
from Michigan said with regard to these tremle-
men, for the benefit of their <-onmry> t* relieve
the oppressed, find to prevent the wronged mid
hunted wayfarer from being draped back into
the captivity from which lie "hud luckily escaped.
They would be looked upon as men influenced by
a high and lofty spirit of hospitality, who, with !
outstretched arms, were willing, even'nt the hazard
of destroying the Constitution of their country,
to carry into effect the high, noble, and generous
purposes and impulses of their nature.
Mr. President, I confess the idea which has oc-
curred to me, that tWproceeding instituted by us
might be extremely unpleasant and disagreeable :
when resorted to in future contingencies oftlio
country by persons abroad, who would assume i
precisely the same position that the honorable j
.Senator Ijas assumed, that they were not interfer- ]
iiigiiiourconcei'iis, but only interceding— I stiy that 1
my fear li.is not In-™ removed by the ii.'isiii'uiiecs
which he has given. 1 can well ijoncem- tji.se no
application of tlii.s kind will be cxer made by a
foreign Government, that no resuhiimn i will ever i
be adopted by the linghsh Government, cxveptin
lavor of those whom they ihnikto be niei itormus
objects lor their interposition; nor shall \vc ever
adopt any proceeding, except in behalf of those
whom we regard in that li-ht. Lint that is not the
question. If we are to interpose, and think we
interpose without offence, and that w
I done by. 1 want ho interference of foreign States jj liberty. And why? Because it is very obvious
or Governments in our internal affairs anywhere, ij that that places us tinder an.obligation to the British
*'—'    —  11 Government. It not only entitlesthem to interfere,
by way of interceding in behalf of our people, if
any of them should be convicted of offences simi-
lar to that to which I have referred, but it also
entitles them to come with a claim upon us that
they should be heard, I, for one,, ara not willing
that this country should lay itself under any such
obligation to the clemency, or courteousness, or
kindness of the British Glueen.
I do not join in the denunciation which the hon-
orable Senator from New York has this morning-
poured forth upon the conduct and character of
the British Government, and the conduct and
and therefore I am not willing to set a practical
example of such an interference on our behalf
with" their internal concerns. I know that this
resolution springs from the highest and best mo-
tives. I know that my honorable friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shields,] who has moved it, has, at
least in my judgment, no superior in the honora-
ble, the fine, and elevated sentiments that belong
to the human heart. But it was well remarked,
as I think Sallust, or some of those old Roman
writers told us, tEat Cajsar ouce said m the Ro-
man Senate, that there was never any course of
measures which had brought ruin upon a country
which, at the first outset, did not spring from character of the Biitish Church. But while I d<
some good motive, and in the initiative were in-
tended to accomplish some good end.
I Seeing, then, as I think I do, that the step
i which it is asked of us to take, may lead to the
unpleasant and disagreeable consequences I have
mentioned, i cannot myself vote for this resolu-
tion. But I beg to say, before going further, that
in the illustration which I have selected for the pur-
pose of conveying to the Senate the notion which
1 have of the evils to which we may be subjected,
I do not mean at all to intimate that the gentlemen,
to whom this resolution refers, are to be for one
single instant confounded with the Christiana riot-
ers whom I mentioned. Far otherwise. I intend
no such odious or unpleasant comparison. I
merely selected the case as an illustration of the
principle upon which we may be hereafter as-
sailed through a proceeding thus instituted by
ourselves.
The honorable Senator from JS"ew York, [Mr.
Seward,] in the remarks which lie submitted to
the Senate this morning, after assuring us that
there was no danger that Great Britain would take
any oii'ciice nt this proceeding, became exceed-
not choose to enter into such tirades of denuncia-
tion upon any foreign nation or establishment, I
nevertheless say this, that 1 wish to be indebted
to them for no such favors as will entitle them to
inteifere in our domestic concerns in the first, place,
without any right of complaint on our part; and,
in the second place, with tne right of complaint on
their part, if we do not treat their interposition as
favorably as they have treated ours. And if Ldid
pronounce the denunciation which the honorable
Senator has thi^ morning pronounced on the Eng-
lish Government and people, I could not make the
disclaimer which he has made. He speaks of
Ireland and the Irish as being the victims of the
most detestable, barbarous, and unprincipled op-
pression. I do not mean to quote his words. That
is the substance of what he said. At the same
time he says, he has no prejudice against these
oppressors. I do not understand how a man car,
extend his equal sympathy and regard to the op-
pressor and the oppressed, to the wrons-doer and
the wronged. If the first part of the gentleman's
argument be correct, it appears to ine he cannot,
without inconsistency, do otherwise than
iiii' r'   — —" 11 " j « •-  who inofc uii'tu not
ugly bold, and held in very slight regard and esti- merely denounce that Government, hut haveifcf
atioii, any, even the most serious, displeasure of ;' that is a proper word, prejudices against the Gov-
i eminent and people, a just animosity founded upon
> the fact that, upon his own showing, they are to-
j tally unworthy of consideration and regard. I
i enter into none of these matters. I am not called
! upon here to pronounce as to the conduct and
character of the British Government. 1 am not
that Power. I am not a very valiant man, and I
confess myself to have a pretiy large share of that
extreme relucianct us well to cutting the throats
ot other people as 10 having my own cut.
which is denominated by the word fear. And i
go one step further. In my representative capa-
" ' - ,.i ..-"e  : i - . ■
city I have a great, deal ot lear of involving this ,, called upon here to pronounce as to the chars'-tar
country ni collisions with the great Powers of the j and conduct of Messrs. O'Brien, Mitchell, and the
other geni'temen who are in the calamitous condi-
tion of exiles from tlieir country, under a sentence
earth. Who should not fear it? Is not war a
dreadful evil; Is not a war with the greatest
naval and commercial power of the earth, if in the
Wter respect our own country be excepted", a
fearful evil? Who does not fear such evils;I
fear limn for my country. I fear them for those
why may be called upon on such an occasion to
,   of banishment.
kfter respect our own country be excepted; a ft is sufficient for me here, whatever opinions, as
fearful evil? Who does not fear such evilst r an individual, I may entertain upon the subject, to
say that, as a Senator of the United States! I can-
wage the battles of the country. It is very easy &WS n^y a^
rUMe UR *?re Past i' aocordanre on the n;;rt of the Bmish
serviroonhTi'"""'"'1-6'"1"~~e .Ca'1'lhej! G<?verl,me"t> to me will be followed
the 1
heVwM ■ In 7TT 1,1 lhe r^ur,0fany of !!' CIL'"Pr in ,he httev case P«ion«liy and
ht y' ' We ry t ,nrolr,d' 5° ** row#**** which we may see oc
!,mi} aonut loKV, and wounds, and battle, and i; casion to deplore.
propetiy micrpose, and it i*
mterpnse, lacunae we look upon
who h.iu- been Kemcofv;! ;n tin
our duty to
thcmf poinoik;
--S piMiifdj.vicnr
by a nation meritorious «\nd nohir
men, entitled to ou; «ymii' i!4;e i and m^coiiippiued
with no moial b!<;nie—h' \v c.in w«* ic-.sjst the
of a foreign S?au, ofa fom:;u Ririminenr or
iative body, to interfere i,i pre-^.sfly thr s uno
mode with regard to m r.\w<t *v!.o>n we
niay think worthy of the ocireine-st pujifslMuojif,
but winch they lvord as occiuiyihf
leSBtion to moral guilt which we flttnhutc tli-
persona in whose behalf this ^-solution is now
proposed? Weshouid cut oursph-e*nfi', byodonr'
hijt this proceeding, fmni any rieht to 1 ?
,vo'''!a ilwiuti'oi.s
• J. n. fciush Parliamciit may he passed and sent
to v,-. or coimmmica;,..'! to us, in a kind of indi-
rec , se.'iut, mill unostentatious mode, to wh>i:') the 1
ben.it'.r lias rc,cr<cd, through their Minister ill
tins country.
Lj"in.tins subject I wish to practKe upon the
ukl-faslnoiied inornhty of doing as I would be '
'i dertti, if «£ know that the conflict is to be
; ungei. by others, and not by ourselves, we can be
very br.ue wiiii a very small amount of peisonal
: e\-pc«ure. Out I should fear such a res-alt fn, mole
, on another ground, and mat is, I snouid fear my
1 comui-y pu-ndncin; upon itself the displeasure of
, other .States by going out of its way to do what
as a nation it had no right to do. 1 should fear
i putting oil,selves wrong m the outset of such a
! jn'ooeednig.^ If we must have a conflict with
i Gieat Britain, or any other nation, let us be right
( in the commencement, ni the prosecution, and ,
1 throughout the whole conflict. And lely upon it,
sir, that when snclt o conflict co:s*se^9 if come H >'
must, v.'iiich God forbid, tiiose \\ ho have some lit- "
i!e s.ihttary lear beforehand of the comintv emer- '
;iency, will not be found the least resolute to do ;
v.'Iit tint etnergency may require.
1 haw,, lioweyei-, >n oiijection to this resolution
'' anot hi r ami sbthvent Ic,in{ from that suggested
i>v ill" :>ei]!itor from IVcw York, ft has boe7i said
hr die Senatoi fn,m ? dieh:trait, that Crre.il Uritain :
von ,-,o! re-^iril tins m the hghr. of an ofiicious in- ^
termeildhn c V'o.lj n<'•]' concerns. \Y; hear fnun ,i
^.inous tlsat the prybe.bihtj' is, tliet the '
i>ntish Government, acting upon this intimation of ■!
tne wishes ul tue American people, will "iodiy ;
interpose niid discharge these gentlemen froin i beL-
haid captivity. i('or une, I should be sorry that
epi<
There is one sentiment which was expressed
hy my honorable friend from Michigan,' which
commands my most cordial approbation. I was
struck witn it. I felt its force, and the propriety
of its application, to the question now under con-
consideration, and some kindred subjects which
though not now before the Senate, fie upon the
table, it is in these woi-Hs:
"It is best to let a little common sense n>to me
diplomatic questions."
I know of no case which, a"cortlmo-10 my
rnem. more requires that we shot;!! Set th-n vho't-
some, sound proposition lm,e due weight and in-
fluence upon u.s. Yes, si,-, let o.s have a'little com-
'oon seij.se in trie regulation ot' our concerns. Do
not.let us be cained away c.'.ptive with emotion.;
Winch, However geneioosand noMein themseU'es.
do not furnisn the proper guide.-, for reoresentativc
coik.uct. A. man, ;n the pcivete iransnotioiri of
lite, may allow a profuse generosity n.-id in.^hiKn-
to reoise any apph"anls for heh). to exhaust hi';
purse, and begear himself for life; and when this
is done, however severely we may disapprove of
it, we are ponged to haveasyrnpatliy for him who
miner sucn generous.impulses, hss sacrificed h,m-
seli; bin Representatives and nations are bound
ill my jungment, to have all their sympathies and
leemigs under thoroogn nnd'comp'etc control
the British Governmeot slmuld,^ I mon^'^h
tion, and as a favor to us, set tiiese gentlemen at !   ■ * "* ceil,:iej"ti'-iOiL
^    atiuiUS, ce-
cause tney are not like a generous man who squan-
