2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
it particularly. My rule is to tell the truth when
interrogated by the Committee on Mileage, and
then take whatever money the Serjeant-at-Arms,
under their direction, offers me. That is all I do.
It may be that my colleague would fare better by
pursuing the same course.
My colleague has found in a newspaper, a pri-
vate letter which some two years ago 1 wrote in
regard to the fugitive slave law, and which found
its' way into the public prints. He is welcome to
all he can make out of it. It has, at least,the re-
deeming trait of boldness, and direct opposition to
the details of that law. In regard to it, I have
only to say here, that my position is well under-
stood. Acknowledging, as 1 do, the constitutional
obligation to deliver up fugitives from labor, I
am,nevertheless, opposed—uncompromisingly op-
posed—to the details of any law, under which a
free man, of any complexion, may be made a slave.
My opinions are well known here. They have
been freely and fearlessly avowed on all proper
occasions. Honorable gentlemen, on all sides of
this Hall, of every party, will bear me witness, that
I have never pursued an evasive course on this point.
Can my colleague say as much? Can anybody
say as much for him ? Let his constituents answer.
Sir, when I am to retain this seat only by du-
plicity—by holding one set of opinions here, and
another among my constituents, I shall leave it in
disgust. That I claim a modification of the fugi-
tive slave law I confess, and that, in due season,
even our southern friends, when cool and patriotic
counsels prevail, will see the justice of that claim,
I do not cherish a doubt.
Mr. Speaker, the time of the House is valuable,
I know, and I dismiss this matter, leaving the
House to exercise its pleasure as to the passage of
this resolution. In pursuance of my promise, I
move the previous question.
Mr. OLDS. Can I accept the amendment to
the preamble proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade?]
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It can be done by with-
drawing the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. OLDS. Will my colleague withdraw the
call for the previous question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly; I do withdraw
it.
Mr. OLDS. Then the gentleman from Vir-
ginia can propose hisamendment to the preamble,
and then move the previous question.
Mr. MEADE. I then ofter that amendment,
and renew the motion for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Thequestion was then put upon the amendment
to the preamble, and it was agreed to; and the pre-
amble as amended was then adopted.
Mr. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
BUSINESS BEFORE THE COMMITTEES.
Mr. COBB. I ask my colleague to withdraw
that motion, so that I may introduce a resolution
in which every member of this House is interested,
with the exception of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That all bills, resolutions, and other matters
refeircd to the standing committees of this House, upon
which no report shall liave been made at tins session, shall
be returned informally to the Cierk, and shall, by virtue of
this resolution, stand recommitted at the commencement
of next session to said committees, into whose possession
the Cleik is hereby directed to restore them.
Mr. EVANS. I object.
Mr. GREY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to allow me to introduce a resolution, to
which, I am sure, no gentleman in the House
•will have an objection. It is a resolution of in-
quiry.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object. It is
not in order.
Mr. GREY. I ask that the resolution may be
read. I am convinced that no gentleman upon the
floor will object.
Mr. KiNG. I object; and I call for a vote upon
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union', (Mr. Harris, of Ten-
nessee, in the chair.)
OCEAN MAIL SERVICE.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 242, making appropriations for the trans-
! portation of the United States mail by the ocean
i steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1853.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then taken up for consideration,
and was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to occupy
any of the time of the committee in explaining this
bill further than to say that the bill, as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, is simply
for appropriating money to carry out the existing
contracts for the ocean steam service, made in
pursuance of law. There is no contract in_ the bill.
There is no proposition to make an additional
contract in the bill, but it is confined alone and
entirely to carrying out the existing contracts
which have been made under existing laws.
I am instructed, sir, by the Committee of Ways
and Means to propose an amendment at the end
of the ninth line in the first paragraph, of which
I give notice to the House, so that they may
know what is coming. The amendment is to strike
out $385,000, which was the amount of compen-
sation heretofore paid to the Collins line, and to
insert in lieu of that sum $858,000—the compen-
sation allowed to that line m accordance with the
recent vote and legislation of Congress. That is
the only amendment the Committee of Ways and
Means propose to this bill. In saying this, 1 be-
lieve I have brought all the facts connected with
this bill before the House, so far as the bill itself
is concerned; and if it is the pleasure of the
House, I am exceedingly anxious that we should
close this'debate to-morrow at twelve o'clock. If
gentlemen wish it, we might have an evening ses-
sion to discuss this bill.
[Cries of "Close the debate!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, if the com-
mittee will agree to it, I will propose now to go into
the House and pass a resolution closing debate
upon this bill to-morrow at twelve o'clock, and
then there will be no misunderstanding about it. I
move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman stated that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and especially House bill No.
242, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE UPON THE MAIL SER-
VICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose the resolution to
close debate upon House bill No. 242 at twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move an amendment to that
resolution, by striking out twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, and inserting in lieu thereof, in five minutes
after the committee shall again resume the consid-
eration of the same.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to amend
| the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by
! oti-ilrino. Ant "fiup inirm tPS. " and insertinp" " fif-
striking out "five minutes," and inserting
teen." '
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. I should like, sir, to offer another
amendment.
The SPEAKER. A second amendment is not
in order. An amendment to an amendment is
moved, and another amendment is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I desire to offer an amendment that
the debate be closed at four o'cloak to-morrow.
This is an important bill, and ought to be dis-
cussed.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is m
order, the previous question having been moved.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended, and being put, it was
agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Harris, of Tennes-
see, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 242.
Mr. DEAN obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee in regard to the issues involved in
the presidential question, and in regard to the ex-
travagance of the present Administration. Upon
his responsibility, he asserted that the corruptions
which existed in the Departments at Washington
are greater than they ever have been; and that the
investigating committee which had been appointed
by the Senate would make developments astound-
ing to every one.
The bill was then read by sections, for amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, viz: After the word "back," in the
ninth line, strike out the words " three hundred
and eighty-five," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "eight hundred and fifty-eight," so as to
make the clause read as follows:
" For transportation of the malls from New York to Liv-
crpool and baek, $858,000.y>
That is to provide for the Collins line. I desire
to say now, that this bill was reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means some time before
the House acted upon the Collins line, when the
deficiency bill was under consideration. At the
time this bill was reported, it provided an appro-
priation for the Collins line, in accordance with
the then-existing laws. Congress, however, have
since that time increased it to $858,000, and I am
now instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to move to amend the bill, to meet that in-
crease.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the chair-
man (Mr. Harris, of Tennessee) reported that
the committee had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and es-
pecially House bill No. 242, for the support of
the United States mail service by ocean steamers,
during the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1853, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it ■
was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
