iHoSt
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
for the purpose of unsettling it? policy in i elation his approbation that the rcsohvioi. mipht lie ov.
to foreign Governments We nave seen tbecoun- , until we get through the discussion oflhe subie
tenancc he has met with from men of every de- ' —r' ' ' ^ ...
gree and every station. We have seen, I fear,
that he has made a deep impression upon the feel- the'who'le'discu.ssion before we vo«e
mgs ol a portion of the American people as to that
foreign policy; and we have witnessed the fact, that
thousands have hung listeners to him when he has
attempted to show them that Washington, who
laid the foundations of this policy deep and broad,
was mistaken; and who listened to him when he
told them, that although he was aware the Gov-
ernment
ver
„   - .... -hiect
which was tinder consideration yesterday. It
; seems to me that it would be heiter'to get through
. . . "l feel dis-
posed to make some remarks upon these subjects
ocfore we finally dispose of them; but 1 am not
prepared to make those remarks now, and 1 do
iiol \\ ish the question to be taken at this time.
Several Senatoi-s expressed a desire to adjourn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, then, without
wishing to take the floor on the resolution, I move
overrule the Government—in what? In a matter .
of policy ill relation to foreign nations, which has !
never been departed from since Washington run- I
mulged it. ' '
I have heard with great and deep regret, that the i
justly-distinguished Sena tor from Michigan, whose '
words almost carry the weight of authority before j
the American people, has told us, as late "as yes- i, by the Kev. C. M". Butler.
tei-day, that we had need of no fear in taking the ; 'ti,„ r j " " j , ■
■■ ■ 1 he J out nal or y esierday was read antl approved
tht: compromise measures.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 11, 1852.
The House met, pursuant to adjournment.. Prayer
■ ti  s   n \/i n™,
step which he recommended; that it woultf not
lead to war: but that it would exercise a moral
and Kuasive influence on things abroad; and he
cited numerous instances where foreien Govern-
ments had expressed their opinions of the intended
actions of others, and we had seen them carried
into execution, and yetthey stood silent and inac- !
tive. What were these toreign Governments3 j'
They were the Governments of kings and poten- '
tales; of princes, who were actuated by selfish • !
oonsidei ations alone in whatever they suggested i,
or recommended to those around them. What is j1
our Government? A Government of the people. j
And is it to be believed, will it be credited, that it |
should be recommended to the American people, ii
in wielding this Government, to declare a purpose j
which they do not mean to execute? Sir, the j
very man to whom I have alluded—the Hunga- i■
rian—avowed in one of his public addresses, that ! An<1 wllcrc;is <l!e questions wli
although it was ,wt intended that the policy which j' J* IFuTu*
he recommenoea snould lead to war, yet it was
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present certain joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the S*ate of New* Jer-
, sey, and that they be read, laid on the table, and
printed.
There being- no objection, the preamble and res-
: olutions were read, as follows:
i Whereas the Constitution of the United Slates h a com-
pact between thf eial Suites^ and tonus the ba-sis of our
t IVdem! Union:
And whereas rhe smd State.', through their Repre^enta-
, tive<, m homnign eap.icitu>  us States, by adopting said Poti-
i «.titution, conceded only such, power* to the; Geaeial Gov-
, eminent a« were necessary u to form a more perfect union.
; c establish justice, insure domestic tianquiihtv, provide foi
c the common defence, piomote the neneial "weifaie, and
'sftenio the Messing* ol liberty to themselves and po.s-
teiitj:" ;
liich agitated the country,
of the tune of the last se— >
nited States; questions in [
then nature direeth opposed to the spun and compromises j
cxpre.is
questions. They are kindred. Hovveiet little
allied in fact or in purpose, tliev are of kindred
origin, and wiil lead to kindred results. 1 may
t'eei it to be a duty devolved upon me, before the
measure discussed yesterday shall be brought to a
final vote, to express my opinions at length upon
this subject. I meant only now to express more
particularly to the Senator from Illinois, the feel-
ing of regret with which T am constrained to vote
against the proposition which he lias .so ably sus-
tained. [ 'shall fee! it to be my duty, with what-
ever lcliu'iroice, at once to tote in the negative, if
it shall come to a vote. 1'ut 1 should be better
satislieu, enierlninmg tlie feeling i do entertain
towards the gentlemen m whose behalf it has ori-
ginated, that it should belaid on the table. Ii' not
unaccentable 10 him, 1 make that motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. Unless some one i.s disposed
to -peak on the subject, 1 would like to have the
resolution disposed of at om;e. I think that*gen-
erally speaking, the longer tiiese questions are kept
in suspense, the worse feeling arises out of them.
Hence I would like to see the resolution disposed
of now. But I must state, that I cannot, in jus-
tice to myself, accede to the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Virginiaand allow the
resfiutjoM to be laid on the table.
Mi. MASON. I will not insist on the motion,
if it is unacceptable to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am highly gratified
with the fcug^tioii m^de by the Senator from
Virginia. The regulations offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Oi.arkf,] in reference to
the quesi:on of m'^rven'mn, and. this resolution
of the Senator from Illinois, are certainly kindred
subjects. TL'%y hate their origin ni the same
feeling £> *mnn£r out of ree-iii events. I think it
will become the Seiwe, as the discussion is to
£0 on upon the resolution* ollered by the gentle-
man from Rhode Inland, to postpone action upon
this resol-mon, until we have heard the discussion
upon the whole subject. I do not wish to in-
terfere with my friend from Illinois in hie move-
ment at all, but I wanted to throw myself upon
his courtesy, to know whether it would not meet
sentiment.- m relation rheieto. Therefore,
, 1. Resolved* (Senate eoneurinig.) Th.it the Constitution
1 ot the United States waM'iamed in tne spmtot wisdom
and compromise, rs the himt of our Federal Union, and
, can on!y in* pie^oived In a «tiiet adherence to express
and implied poweis ; that New Jetsev, one of tho original
Jlurt<?e,n States. has a!w:i;,< adheied to lln-Cf.nMitution, and
h un.tlu'pably attached X" tiuj ITn.on, and that she will le-
sjst, to the extent of her nlnluy, :mv mfracfioti ol that
sabred ii!«tnuin'ni.
'J. Itnolr.e.l, Senate eorn'uinn<i,) Tiuit this Legislature
cordi.illv appioM"- the measure'.- adopted b% the la1-! se.-> ion
of Consrrev.s, known tiio •• Comi^roIUl•.eMea«uu•^^,", and
that rvery patnoi, in every j an ol our wid d> oxicmh'd
, country, jiaa oan-e to icjoiee in tne adoption ol said incas-
suri'h, a«< a timiiiph of ennviitutioijal over a spirit of
wild and diJ-orjramziuijfanatici-m.
3. Revived, (Senate <'onoiirrii)o.) TJiat New Jersey will
abide by and Mi->t.<ui the eompioause measures, and that
iic-r Senators in the Senat" of the United States he in-
•strutted, audour Uepfe-.e:u.uive:- in Uon^K^s heieque^tedj
to reM-t any charge, alteianon, or repeal theuof.
4. Risolveif, (Sen-ito cont-uri in;;,) Th u tiip fugitive'-lave
law ii- in aeeordruice v,'ith the, '•tuiulation^ of the Constitu-
tion or the L'nHod States, and, m it - piovHions, carina out
the sjfint and letter ot the Con.-tmition in it- er.'upioiniat's,
upon wjneh ooi I mon w foiindi-d.
5. flciQiced, (Senate coucinnn^,) That \\'e approve of the
pamotK' i-t-ind taken by the Executive oi the United States,
in declaring In- ('ete^minatioii to execute and enforce all
Jaws constiUitiunai'y enacted, and th:U t;i>' people ol New
■ Jersey will su^aiti inm in <odontc.
6. Resolved, (Senate com urruu:,' Tiiar the Governor of
the State be rerjtu-sted to tinn^iuit a e«jpv* of tlie^.; rc.^olu-
i:ou^ to the Governor of each State in tne Union, and to
each of our Senator and Ueprestintativ eTin Congress.
Air. GIDDI^nGS. I;si-nt th.« question of print-
Ixiff debatable;
Mr. BAYLY, of Vir^min. Dut the question to
lie upon the t«ib]e is not.
The  S?EAXh'R. TJie question of punning, in
the opinion of the Chair, is dehatubie.
Mr. GIDDENGS. TTpon that queation, thun, I
ha-vO the floor.
Mr. JONjES, of Ttfuiesnee. 1 fhhik tiie (ques-
tion, in ita present condition, is not debatable. <
The motion to print, when connected with the mo-
tion to lie upon the table, ia not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print i? de- !
botable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The questions can
only be separated by the House. The gentleman ;
, cannot debate the question of printing unless sep-
• [ arated from the motion to he upon the table.
; Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman from Ten-
i; nessee rises to a point of order, I wish he would
-j state it.
i The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to lay the resolutions upon the table, and
| ordering them to be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Upon the latter motion 1
have «i word to say.
j Mr. JONES^ it is a joint motion, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot de-
bate tne motion t.o lie upon the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not ask that, but to
i make a few remarks upon the question of print'
ing.
I he SPEAKER. So long; as the questions are
 | connected they are not debatable.
:! Mr. GlDDiNGS. I then ask for a division of
j| them.
|j Mr. JONES. I hope that will be voted down.
• \ Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeasandnays.
ji The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
; petent for the gentleman to call for a separate vnu?,
j] first upon the motion to lie upon the tabic, and
j' next upon the motion to print.
|j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will make a suggestion to
j; the gentleman from Ohio. J intended to endeavor
j| to get the floor as soon as these resolutions should
j; be disposed of, for the purpose of moving that the
!| House resolve itself into the Committee of the
11 Whole upon the state of the Union, to take up
;| for consideration the President's message. Then
;i he enn make whatever remarks he desires.
! Mr. GIDDINGS. I am very much pleased to
[j hear that. I have waited almost three months for
j that motion. I shall not surrender the floor which
I legitimately po.s-sess upon the question of piint-
I: ing.
| Mr. JONES. I understand the morion origin-
:• ally to have been a joint one—to lay upon the
table and print. I say this motion cannot be
!! divided at the instance of one member.
,J The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it compe-
i tent for the gentleman to call for a divjsiou—to
have a separate vote upon each proposition.
Mr. JONES. The question of division should
be put to the House.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion „
I that the propositions are divisible; that a member
: has a right to rail for the separation, and that it is
: not necessary a vote shall lie taken upon the divi-
i si cm.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There can be
no doubt about it.
The question was taken upon the motion to lay
the resolutions upon the table, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to prim.
; Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. In-
l asmueh as the House have laid the resolution upon
j the table, no motion to print, or any other motion
, m connection with the suhjeet, can be entertained
: until the resolutions are taken from the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
, point of order raised by the gentleman, upon the
! ground that it has been the practice of the House
: to order a paper which may have been laid upon
: the table to be printed.
Mr. ORR. I understand the Chan* 10 decide,
then, thu it is competent for the Ilouseto consider
a motion to print a proposition which has been
, laid upon tho table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the ques-
tion now before rhe House is upon the motion to
print.
Mr. ORR. To print resolutions that have been
: laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
; Mr. ORR. I then tdKe an appeal from the de-
■ cision of the Chair.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the appeal upon the
; tsble.
The question was then taken, ond it was agreed
to.
Mr. T3R7GGS aslreu tht unanimous consent of
th<:' Tlovbe to withdraw certain paper* from the
files of ih« House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. HERARD asked the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw the papers of Stephen
Hoyt from the files of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Nothing is furtherfrom my
intention than to occupy the time of the House
/
