1444*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
gle Americans living in Mexican towns where for ;
a month at a time they cannot have an opportu- 1
nity to speak their own language, because they ;
meet no one who understands it—doing, in fact, 1
precisely what they did before these rumors began. !'
That the removal of the troops from the towns .
to the frontiers, is esteemed, "by certain persons, !
as a very important and injurious affair, and that ;
it has a decided effect on the .price of calico and
corn—that this is the all-absorbing question with !
the malcontents of New Mexico, is now beyond i
question; it is admitted in their organ, the Santa ;
Fe Gazette. I read from the number of March 1
20th, from the Albuquerque correspondent, who,
after showing an inamiable temper towards Gov-
ernor Calhoun, says Si it would be a good idea for '
some person to give to the public a political biog-
raphy of his Excellency," and then goes on with ,
firstly, secondly, and so on to seventhly, which is
as follows:
" Seventhly, recount the mean? by wliicli the Governor ,
and his friend pioeured the removal of the troop? fW>m the
towns to the frontiers, thereby ruining the mercantile and ,
agricultural interests of the Terntorv. Show the wisdom ■,
of the movement by manifesting the tailing off in the >«ih* |
of goods, the difference in the piiee of com and wheat, and
the ruin that ha-? been occasioned to eveiy interest in the j
Territory. Show the fatherly and beneficial care the Gov- H
ernor took of us in that movement, by taking thousands j
upon thousands from the people of the Terutory, m ord'>r 'j
to enable the Government of the United States to eeono- :
mize a little." 1
An Albuquerque correspondent of the St. Louis
Republican of September 20th, says as follows:
" I much fear a civil war, as, when this upwm eacho Ban- i
ta Fe,no doubt, from the excited state of the public mind, i
a large body offtmericans will he disposed to take tlie law ,
into their own hands, punish iho^* couei'i ned in this ailan, j
and in that of those who killed Burtinctt. All thu-. hasiirown ' [
out of the ill feeling of illy Mexicans tov\\nd*> the Amen- I
cans, and if Congress does not do something for us, a gen- i
era! war of the races will be the rctoiU. j
l< Troops will have to be stationed in thf form's to pi event j
bloodshed. Most of the army are now on a campaign '
against the Navajoeb." |
So, there we have disease and remedy; the rem-
edy is, " troops will have to be stationed n\ the I
towns to prevent bloodshed." i
The Albuquerque correspondent seems to be a I
candid man, and m a future letter he may make a j
clean breast of it, and say,<{ troops will have to be !
stationed in the towns to give us a chance at the
contracts, and to make a market for corn and ''
calico." 1
It may not be amiss to say, that it appears, by !j
the Santa Fc Gazette of March 13th, that the ruer- j
chants keep up their spirits in spite of all the alarm |
for their lives. This will doubtless be gratifying u
to the gentleman from Missouri, f read for his '!
benefit:
"The spirits of our merchants ate peculiarly hi«:h, and
in excellent tune, in spite of the hard and pressing tinu's
which ail complain of m Santa Fe. [n Hie. morning you
may see them talking in knots ot two or rluee, about poh
ties, the state <-i the v/oathm, and biiMiu^s prospect-, &.<* ,
Sec ; bnt without that gloomy and ca.-.t-iiown look nKvajs
perceptible on the countenance of a city merchant in the
States, when business in dull, and pm^prct of a s;<e< d\
failure is before him. 1 ti the aitenifxin. u th^ wvntlim is
favorable, you may see llw^e >same ni(.'ic}iant-,) wiih then
respective clerks, evereiMng their limln bj a i-iime oi kill
in tfie plaza, glad at bem^ able to e-< ape from the harw-
ing and absorbing duties of the des-k and counter, to «;ani a
little recreation in tins manner. They employ thou even-
ings, generally, m letting otf flrewotks, lu the no small en-
tertainment of the nativns and ftranqcu in iJanta K<-, ned
to the tenor of the canine race; and wo he to one n he
should happen to get eanyiit.a- nothing on earth would -a\c !
him trom having a stpub oi ciackct lied to hi-, tail, fucd. •
and himself started oil'down the streeT, ycllins and how I- j
ing as though Ins titanic majesty, wall all In,!; toliowei-, ,
were attpr niin. These mnocut amusement-;, now<*\er,
have a tendency to koep up tin-- good leWitn', and reiiov-hip i
of each other, and is, peihaps, a beitor mode of po-iyjus; the ,!
time than re&ouing to the drinking and gambling hou-e."." 'j
To convince the honorable gentleman from Mis- j
souri that the danger of being killed by Mexicans \
in New Mexico is baseless, and the fears of iho^e -
Americans who wish for the troops in town are ,«
feigned, i read from an Albuquerque correspond-;;
ent of the hanging of a Mexican by .several Aaier-, |
leans in that neighborhood—an act altogether ir- j
consistent with real fear, and a wanton outrage, i,
in my opinion, without justification, and well cal-
culated to create a belief in the minds of the Mex-
ic-ans that Americans entertain deadly hostility to :■
them: ii
" Albuquerque, February 21, 1850. ii
u Mr. Editor : On the 14th HMnm, we had, in the county :j
of Valencia, an application of th -> law ot the tatnou-? Jud^'c }!
T.yneh. it appear,? that, a'amt ten days previous to chat ]|
time, a Geiman, by the name of Max Wet/.er, was barbar- j{
ously murdered in Bulon ioi hi?5 money, some five or six ;|
hundred dollar-*. Mo elue was had, until about the 11th of j|
thi^month, as to who were his murderers. No investiga-
tion wat< had by the authorities as to the cause of his death,
no excitement pievailed whatever, and, consequently, no
attempt was made to ascertain who the murderens were ;
but the old adage, of ' murder will out,' was pioven in this
ea^o, for it appears that a peon who belonged to the Alcalde,
called Patucio, had been absent some days from the service
of hi* master, and on the 11th of this month, his master,
who lives m the place called Jarrales, heard of his being in
the town, and sent for him and put him to work m the field
with other peons. Patricio, after working about half the
dav, tnrew down his hoe and swore he would notworkany
longer for his master. The peons who were with him
asked him, why ? He responded, because he had plenty of
money to pay his master; that he and others had killed that
d d gringo m Belen, and they had a whole bag of money.
'What!5 exclaimed one,e do you confess that you helped
kill that man ?' 'Yes,' says he,1 and what if 1 did, what
harm is it to kill a gringo, they are not Christians, they are
heretics?'—and other expressions, coing to piove that he
regarded it no more of a hii to kill a gimgo than to kiil a
dog.
u One of the peons immediately informed the Alcaide of
it, who had the man Patueio seized, and proceeded to ex-
amine him a.-s to his accomplice. After many contradic-
tory statements, he told this story : That what he said pre-
viously was not tiue; that he had endeavored by so doinsr
to save liisi brother-in-law's life; that the truth was, that
ho and his brothcr-m-law had gone to the store of Max
U'euer about nine o'clock in the evening; that his brother-
m law knocked at the door; that Max Wetzei had retired,
and called out from ins bed, who was there ? that his broth-
er-m law responded something m English—he knew how
to speak it, having learned m California; that Max Wet-
zer came to the door and opened it, and was tying his f>iza
or sash at the time; Max and his brother-in-law entered,
and were talking and laughing for a few minutes; that ho
did not understand anything except he heard the word Cal-
ifornia several times; that herhmksthat his bioihej-ni-Uw
asked to buy some article*, and that, as Max jumped on top
of the counter, his brotlier-m-law stiuck him with the
thigh-bone oi an ox that he had concealed under hi? blanket;
Max tell ovei the counts onto the fiooi, between the coun-
ter and the -shelve*; hu brother-in law jumped over and
continued striking him ; nnd that in a few minuto*h-; called
out to him at the dooi, where he had stood watching, that
he (Max) was dead, to come in and look for the money ; he j
went in; they h/oke opetiaUunk but found no money m
it, hut at last found the bag of money under the head of
Max YVotzer'r? bed ; they took the bag of money and waited j
for the nvm ; they threw away the bone that Mar had j
been killed with, into the liver, and lu^ brothei-ui-l.iw '
washed Mime nlood off that vva< on his shirt sleeve; thev ;
went into the hi!K <\nd staid all maht; that his brother in- 1
law agreed to hide the money, and only gave him a dollar
out ot tin1 bag. * i
"The brother in-law was arretted, but denied the whole; j
but on hi* sdint-sdeeve^ wore marks, or stains of the blood '
that he had washed off at the river.
"The alcalde committed them both, and on the 14th oi the
month two men came to the prefer t, profe^mg to have an
order from the Hon. II. Mower tor the prisoners, in
order to convey them to Socoiro for safe keeping; the
alcalde refused to deliver them, but the prefect, on applica-
tion, did deliver them up, and the pi honors Waited in
charge of the two men. On the next morning, about three
or lour miles from where they stalled, (Jarrales,) the pus-
oners weic discovered hamiing to a tiee, oik of them >hot
through the body, both of them do.ul. General -attraction
ix exploded bv the Ameneans oi the Iiio Abaio, and manv
are of the opinion that it is the only lair by winch the hveV
of Americans can be secure m thii 'JYriitory, Among the
Mexicans 1 have not heard ol one, a? >et, that condemned
I he act.'*
I say for this act fhere was no justification.
The murderer wa« arrested by Mexicans, and
was committed by a Mexican alcalde, and would,
withoi't doubt, h;:ve smtfered by due coiuseof
l.iv. /hit i mention this matter as furnishing
conclusive proof that the Americans in and about
Albuquerque, which the honorable gentleman lias
told us ts the dangerous neighborhood, have no
fears hut feigned ones. Such an act as this is ut-
terly inconsistent with fears.
I trust the committee will not, by its acting,
show a want of confidence in the people of New
Mexico. Distrust begets distrust, and confidence
be^eix contidence.
Show, by your legislation,that iheGovernment
entertmn^ kindly feelings for them, and those feel-
ings will be reciprocated.
On this subject my constituents? feel a lively in-
terest; indeed, it is with them almost a matter of
hfe and death. They are entitled to the protection
of the Government, and X doubt not that they will
receive it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. 30.NKS, of Tennessee. I now offer the ,
following amendment, to come in at the end of the j
first section: i
And that ao much of the .$200,000 annually appropriated !
h\ the act of 23d April, 18U8, for arming and equipping the '
militia ol the United States as may be neee^arv, shall be 1
used for this purpose, an} thins in said act to tne contmiy j
notwithstanding "* ;
I approve of the general objects of the bill now !
before the committee; but, if it is to pass without :
the amendment I propose, or something similar, |
it will be an additional charge upon the Treasury j
of the United States, to what is already imposed
upon it. By the act of the 23d of April, 1808,
which I have before me, there is the permanent
annual appropriation of $200,000, made for the
arming anil equipping of the whole body of the
militia of the United States, including the Terri-
tories. Under that act there has been already ex-
pended the sum of $8,800,000, !he greater part of
which, perhaps, has never resulted in any good
to the country, or to the individuals among whom
the arms were distributed. My amendment to
this section, provides that the expense of arming
this militia in the Territories of Oregon and New
Mexico, and the States of Texas and California,
which have just been added, shall be defrayed out
of this annual appropriation of $200,000, for the
purpose of arming the militia. I think that the
balance of the country will not suffer in the least
by taking so much of that §200,000 as may be
found necessary. Under the second section of
this bill, the President would have authority,
however, to arm all the troops which he might
find it necessary to call into the country, either as
militia or volunteers. Ihope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. VENABLE. I have no opposition to car-
rying out the law, to which my friend from Ten-
! nessee [Mr. Jones] has referred; but the amend-
ment which he proposes I think will defeat the ob-
ject of the bill, which is now before the House.
It is a perfect phantom of the imagination that the
people of Oregon or New Mexico will furnish the
, Indians, who are daily plundering them of their
! property, rendering their lives unsafe, and driving
i them from their homes, with the arms with which
j they.are furnished, for their own protection, by the
United States. It would be to presume that men
[ would war against the instincts of self-protection,
and self-preservation. The cheapest and the most
efneient mode of protecting our frontiers, is to
| place arms in the hands of those who hive the
j deepest interest in that protection. But, a friend
i says to me, let them buy them. The country is
| worth protecting, and those who have settled our
I frontier territory, and who are entitled to ourpro-
! tectionbythe treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, have
1 a right to ask for the protection of the Government,
j I am for the cheapest and most efficient mode of
protection, which the interest of the individual
settler, his wife and children, demands at our
hands.
But I have before me an authority which ought to
satisfy the mind of every one. We have the arms
j on hand, according to the report of the Secretary
i of War. We have them already in our arsenals,
| and it will not require the expenditure of a single
1 dime to give us possession of the arms. All that
j is asked by the peocle of the frontier, by the resi-
, dents of New Mexico and Oregon, exposed to the
j assaults of the Camanches upon the one hand, and
j savage tribes upon the other, is, that Government
! should place in their hands arms already manu-
factured, which are accumulating in our aisenals,
which are not in use, and for which wehavenaid,
• m order that they may protect themselves' and
their firesides from the assaults of the savage foe.
I do not understand that policy which says that
| the country is not worth protecting, and that it
| ought to be abandoned. We have induced men
[ to go to frontier Territories belonging to us, and
i we are under obligations to protect them. All
} that they ask at our hands is the use of weapons
' which have been manufactured at the expense of
the Government, which are already paid for,
: which are now lying useless m our armories, and
which e\ery instinct that operates upon the human
heart would induce those men residing in New
Mexico and Oregon to use for the protection of
themselves, their families, and their property. If
i we wish a cheap protection, this is the one. If we
j wish to reduce the standing army, this is the way
; to reduce it. Recur to the history of our country;
recur to that history ill which, without arms,
{ without ammunition, men resorted to their own
rifles and shot-guns to relieve their country from
the invasion of a foreign foe. Place in the hands
; of these individuals who have exposed themselves
in settling thefrontier, and for whom itis our duty
to provide protection, the means of protecting
themselves, their firesides, and homes 
[Here the hammer fell.]
; The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
j amendment, and there were—ayes 48, noes 47;
no quorum voting.
