1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
seat of the Flon. S. R. Mallory, have leave to be heard in
person at tiie liar of the Seaate.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the resolution lie
on the table.
Mr. MORTON. That motion, I presume, is
not debatable; but I ask the Senator, as a cour-
tesy to me, standing here in the advocacy of the
rights of one of my constituents, not to press the
iuotion. The object which the resolution pro-
poses has never been withheld from any contestant
for a seat in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, nobody has
proposed to refuse the privilege; not at all. We
Itave not yet determined the time when and how,
or where we will take up the report of the com-
mittee on the subject.
The PRESIDENT. It has been postponed,
and made the special order for twelve o'clock on
Thursday next.
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection to laying
{he resolution on the table, with the understanding
that the Senator from North Carolina will call it
up at the proper time.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly 1 will.
The motion was then agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, praying
that the bill requiring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to deposit with the State the fourth install-
ment of the deposits of the public moneys, direct-
ed to be made by the act of 23d June, 1836, may
become a law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Fmancc.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Frederick county, Maryland, praying that the
homestead bill may become a law; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. J?1SH submitted additional documents in
relation to the claim of C. L. Williamson to a
pension; which were referred to the Committee on
tensions.
Also, resolutions passed at a meeting of the
veteran corps of 1812, held in the city of New
Yor4c, remonstrating against the passage of the
homestead bill; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of armorers
and artisans employed in the armory at Harper's
Ferry, praying that the appropriations for the
manufacture of arras may not be reduced; which
was referred te the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
bounty land to certain officers, seamen, and others
who have been engaged in the naval service of the
United States, reported it withoutamendment, and
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred a bill for the relief
of the sureties of Robert S. Moore, deceased, late
a purser in the United States Navy, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief:
•which was read and passed to a. second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
Eoger Pinckney and Susannah Hayne Pinckney,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
APPRAISEMENT OP MERCHANDISE.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to which were leferred a bill amendatory of the
several acts regulating the appraisement of im-
ported merchandise, and the moie effectually to
prevent frauds against the revenue, and for other
purposes; and a bill amendatory of the several
acts regulating the appraisement of imported mer-
chandise, and the more effectually to prevent
frauds against the revenue, and for other pur-
poses; one introduced by the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] and the other by the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. James,] have
instructed me to report back the same, with a rec-
ommendation that the consideration of the subject
be postponed until the next session of Congress,
ss they have not had time to bestow that atten-
tion to the subject which it deserves. They have
determined that there was no time to examine it
properly; therefore, that its consideration should
bejpostponed till next session.
The PRESIDENT. That question will come
up when the bills are taken up.
FLORIDA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to which were referred the additional papers re-
lating to the contested election of Senator from the
State of Florida, have directed me to report back
the same, and ask to be discharged from their
further consideration. It is a question which
does not belong to the Printing Committee. They
are not raised for the purpose of supervising- the
concerns of other committees. The Select Com-
mittee on the Contested Election have had the pa-
pers under consideration, and recommended their
printing. By discharging the Printing Commit-
tee, that question wiil come before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that will be considered
now. There will be no objection whatever to the
printing of the papers.
The motion to discharge the Committee on
Printing from the further consideration of the pa-
pers? was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the papers be printed fur the use of the
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that one thousand ad-
ditional copies of the same be printed.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION".
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the vacancy m the Koaid of Ilegeuth of
the Smithsonian Institution, ooc.mom'd hy thu irion
of the lion. Jefferson Davis, be filled by the President of
the Senate.
POST OFFICK APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives, re-
ceived yesterday, making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department, during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
THE MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Upon Tuesday last the resolution which I
had offered in the month of June, appointing a
select committee to investigate the charges pre-
ferred by Colonel McClellan against the United
States Boundary Commissioner, was adopted.
Immediately after its adoption 1 was compelled to
leave the city. On my return I learned that upon
that day, after I had left, the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] moved to reconsider that
motion. This question is still before the Senate.
I said then that l was exceedingly anxious to have
the Committee appointed, and because of that
anxiety, I was unwilling to enter into a discussion
by way of reply to the voluminous, and I might
add, unfair speech of the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Clarke.] Sir, that Senator, m the
course of his speech, made charges against Colonel
McClelian of various crimes, amongst others,
subornation of perjury. That officer occupies a
Ui^h rank not only in the Army of the United
States, but in the social circle with which he is
connected. It is due to him that he should have
an opportunity of showing to the world not only
that the charges against him are unfounded, but
that those which he has preferred against the Com-
missioner are true, and can be su&tamed by legal
testimony. I undertake to say that if the com-
mittee had been thus appointed, and an oppor-
tunity given to take the testimony of witnesses
who were about to leave the country, and whose
testimony they may not now be able to obtain,
Colonel McClelian would have been able to show
that the Commissioner has been guilty of some of
the offenses charged against him, and that the as-
persions cast upon his character by the Senator
from Rhode Island are wholly unfounded. Now, I
desire that the Senate shall act distinctly upon that
question. An officer ranking high in his corps is
charged with infamous crimes, and justice demands
that a full investigation should be had. More
than five months ago I offered a resolution in this
Senate calling upon the Secretary of the interior
to inform the Senate what had been done with the
$325,000 which Congress appropriated to prose-
cute the Mexican Boundary Commission. To
this day he refuses to let this Senate know what
has been done with a dollar of that money! Can
this most extraordinary conduct, in refusing to let
the public know how their money has been ex-
pended, be justified ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of informing the Senator that this dis-
cussion is not in order upon the motion to take
up the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. WELLER. I will then for the present
content myself with asking the Senate to take up
that motion. If it prevails, I do" not intend, nor
do 1 desire to go into a discussion unless the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island desires it, and in that
event I have no objection to meeting him.
I move therefore to take from the table the mo-
tion to reconsider by which the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that if we enter
into these inquiries and investigations, we shall
have no time m which to consider the appropria-
tion bills. I am sorry to resist the motion, but I
cannot agree to anything but morning business
being considered now. I merely agreed to waive
my motion to take up the civil and diplomatic bill
until twelve o'clock, for the purpose of receiving
reports.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to take
up the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was adopted. Until that question be
taken up, the subject is not open to discussion.
Mr. CLARKhl The honorable Senator from
California, in calling up that motion, has entered
somewhat into the subject.
The PRESIDENT. That is very true.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not, at this stage of the
session, intend to go into the merits of this con-
troversy. I thought they had been fully gone
into once before. In the discussion which took
place at that time, the Senator from California
took occasion to correct me in regard to his own
position. He disavowed that he was a public
prosecutor, and he did not intend to be placed by
me in that position. In all courtesy, I withdraw
anything which could imply that the Senator
from California was himself personally interested.
He disavowed having anything to ao with the
question except so far as to the charges which
had been made against Mr. Bartlett by Colonel
McClellan had been produced before the Senate
upon a resolution introduced by him. He con-
fined himself to these charges, f confined myself
in reply to them, and to charges made against
Colonel McClellan.
It is due to my honorable friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] that I should state to the
Senate that on the day upon which this resolution
was called up by the Senator from California, I
was within the walls of the Capitol in an ante-
chamber, attending to my duties as a member
of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
When I came into the Senate I found that the
resolution had been called up in my absence, and
the committee ordered to be appointed by the
Chair. I said to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia that I regretted it had been taken up during
my absence; I regretted that it had been adopted;
and I then gave notice, as he will remember, no
doubt, that I should procure some friend who was
m the Chamber, to move a reconsideration of the
question. The honorable Senator told me that he
was to leave in the afternoon on a political mission
at the North. I told him then again that I should
be compelled to get some friend to move the re-
consideration. It was not done without courtesy
to the honorable Senator, and it has laid on the
table waiting for his return. There has been no
want of courtesy on my part towards the honor-
able Senator, nor shall there be. In regard to the
charges which have been made, until the resolu-
tion is taken up for consideration, it would be
improper for me to so into them. I hold here the
charges and the evidence, and if there is any in-
vestigation to take place which the Senate should
deem necessary 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state to
the Senator that it will not be in order to go into
the subject.
Mr. CLARKE. I have made this explanation
simply for the purpose of showing why my hon-
orable fiiend ftom North Carolina made the mo-
tion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT. Remarks upon the subject-
matter of the resolution are out of order at this
