1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
them. Neither is it insulting or ung^entlemanly to I
correct a man if he is wrong. I did not say that t
the gentleman intentionally spoke falsehood or mis-
represented the facte . No, sir; I knew too well 1
what ht:ongs to gentlemen: what* belongs to my- ;
«elf, and to the dignity of tins body, to say that, !
I therefore kept myself within parliamentary rules. !
When : hat gentleman is put forward by a certain j
servile .'hiss of tiie North, as their instrument to 1
assail r. e; when he undertakes to play the brag- ;
gurt fur dough-faces, and servile.? for the Swiss ,
irt.juri^f slavery; v/hen he undertakes to draw j
iue li.'i'j a controversy with Inrn, I will say to the j
gentleman, that when you go so low, as you have I
to-day, 1 earmn' follow you. It may, sir, be :
suitable far the grog-shop or the bar-room, but it
• a no* i:i far the people whom I represent. Such
Ungua-.5 e would not be permitted among common '
s-ar-room loafers of my district. Now when any '
man expects me to interchange such language with
the genoeman, 1 can only say, lie is mistaken. I
know whom 1 represent, and i know that my eon- j
stituenu would never justify hip m following any i
man, or member, to the lowest depths of   ;
Mr. STANLY, (m hi? seat.) Air. Giddmgs'sj :
district.
Mr. UiDDINGS. To the low est depths of ribald-
ry. Sjr, it h> unbecoming any member of this-
House, and 1 appeako the members of this body if >
<heye\er knew me to as&ail o man at any time, or
in any place, until I myself was first assailed. j
And let mo say, looking tnui gentleman and every ;
member of this House ju the face, chat [ have never '
been guilty of .such an outrage upon the dignity of .
this body,ashe has perpetrated on thepiesentocea- '
sion. Tne gentleman had better use such language
only to those who crouch and shrink and tremble
at his frown. It may do well on the plantation, 1
but it is unbecoming towards fieemen. It is
unsuited to this Hall. Degiadation itself would I
blush, and the man who would do it must have
sunken so low, that he would become giddy were '■
he elevated to the level of total depravity.
Theie aie slaveholders in this House—and 1
lake pieasui e in saying it—with whom my rela- j
dons now are, and ever have been, those of gen- !■
tlemanly deportment and mutual interchange of '
respect, and nothing else; and while slaveholders |
shall demean themselves as gentlemen, no one of ,
them will ever be assailed by me. ;
But th gentleman says I charge Northern men \
with bemg dough-faces. Well, sir, ht takesir upon i
himself to be the representative of fill the dough- !
faces of the North to-day. He speaksfor them—he
comes here as their agent and attorney, and assails ;
me. And how does he do it? Why he says I ,
am outof order. Mr. Speaker, (the presidingoifi- ;
eer of this House [Mr. Boyd] being m the chair.) i
you yourself made the ouesfion as m {lie ord^r of
debate upon this resolution. I believe (alluding
to Mr. Jojjjss, of Tennessee, who was then in the
chair,) you called me to order, and that genfle-
man, [Mr. Boyd,] a slaveholder, a man whom 1
respect and honor, declared that 1 was in order;
and an appeal taken from that decision was laid
upon this table; and now this gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] msisis that it 1
shall go out to the-'ountrv that I v/;is out of order,
when the Speaker of the Hou-.e expressly decided
that T was in order. Now, I heard th it gentleman
[Mr. Stanly] once tell an anecdote upon this ;
floor, about a boy, who whirled himself about so .
rapidly that the hind part of his breeches got on
the fore side, (laughter;) but the gentleman changes 1
Ins position much more rapidly, for the purpose ;
of assailing me, and making a personal altercation :
between him and myself; ptonouncing the Speaker J
out of order,pronouncing the House out ofouler, ,
and the rules themselves out of order: and that in j
^•cussing these resolutions I was out of order. 1
Tim gentleman says T speak of Northern men j
as dough-faces. Why. the term dough-faces lu^
become honorable among some of those associated •
wkh him. He calls me an Abolitionist; I cull
'•urn a slaveholder. I
At ihe North we have two clashes—dough-
faces and free-soiiers. I wknuwludae the name
they give me—there is not much in a name—and
I permit them to use if; c.^d I give o  them the
only cognomen, known m ih" English language, !
that befits their nosit'-m
Mr. STANLY. „',!y Va-f- I
left of my time ?
The SPEAKER. Seventeen utmmes
Mr. GrlDDINGS. The gentleman says that I ;j a temperance man myself, and do not often drink,
was at Norristown. "Where was he when I was h Judge, ye ! He was much better employed than
at Norristownr Where was the House when i
was af Norristow n ? Why, drinking their grog.
Laughter.] I was among rhe people <jf the .
li'on, endeavoring to impress upon them threat I
and important principles—which, at least, f he- 1
heved to be so. And where was that gentleman ?;
tl
we were, no doubt, in the company ofthoae where
to tell a. man he is a liar, is an everyday courtesy—
that if is to be expected. (Help him—do! He
stands in need of it. Whimper into his ear some
little more poison, good Free-Soiler from New
York, [Mr. King."}) He says that I stated this
Look at your Journals and you will find the gen- h morning that the Speaker was out of order. Have
tleman was at home, or somewhere else, or any- r "* ""
where else but in this Hall. He was not here. |;
There was no business transacted i-i this House!!
during ihe holidays for two sveeki. 1 look oeca- '
.ston th^n to v.sit friends, for four day*.*, m other ,,
j«i«riivUiS of the country, and the UTiuieman stands 'j
up here and reads me lectures about i:. "• <
Air. STANLY. I think the gentleman has bqdii
more of my timo than [ have had myself, to iepljP;
to him. I cannot yield further. I
Mr. GIDDINGS. One word more. \\
Air. STANLY, I will wait, a Ikllr longer. |
Afr. (HDD1NGS. Never mind. j!
I said any such thing? The honorable member
gets the floor, makes aspeeeh, and no one notices
him—no one iaisen a point of order upon him,
ai>d the Speaker does not interfere. lie says that
{ fhanred the Speaker wiih being out of order.
What icUnaucy had liiss speech about slave trade
ih the S mthern Santos with the printing of joint
resolutions from New jersey ? I raised no such
point—not at all. i quit this subject m disgust.
J feel as if I had been in a dissecting-room cutting
up a dead dog. [Laughter.] The House will
excuse me. I will neat the honorable member
from Ohio hereafter as he oxiffht to be treated by
Air. STANLY. The honorable member^rom ,! the members of this House—as an insane man,
Ohio sMted m th^ beginning of his last speech, '] who never was taught decency or propriety of
(.hot theve was nothing wrong at all in tellinc a man ''ojuluct. His associations show him never to
that what he ^aid was false. Now that is his idea
of decency and propriety. Tie thinks it is not
wrong. iJ e is called a bar so often at home, where
he is well known, that he thinks it is right,as a
matter of course. Here is his idea of decency. I Ee
says that I was put forward to make this attack
upon htm. If 1 thought I was so considered by
anybody m the House,! would resign my seat and
go home, because J believe that if the \v hole Whii;
party --ariie forward to attack hmi, they would
have pu'ked the meanest man in the Uout-'e to d<>
it. [Laughter.] He bus made vuch a show of
himself this morning that he has nol only disgraced
free-soibsm, but human nature.
[ hope the reporters will take note* of what he
ha:; said, and what 1 have said, and that they will
allowneitherof us to see them, ifhegets ihein into
his hands—have mercy upon me ! if he serves this
debate aa he has everybody. My colleague from
the Or.mge district [Air. vkvaull] and the mem- ■
ber from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] got into a contro- ,
versy with him the other day, and how v. ere they
represented? His speeches were entirely dliferent ,
1 as spoken and as published. He gets up one day
! and reads a resolution out of the Congressional
Globe, and says these gentlemen voted so and so i
a year ag >, and the next day he has a diiiereni set !
of resolutions reported. I charge the reporters to !
see th«u ins fHomous hand touch not one word of ,
what I have said. Let what lias been said appear j
piecisely as deliveicd. Let his lemarks appenr as ;
.spokt-ii and not as made out after he gets home in 1
his room v/nli some of his rolored fronds. [Laugh-
1 ter. j The hunora ble member talks of associntions
hei e. Who ever saw him, except uiion this Jloor,
with a decent man m "Washington cjty?
| have mingled among gentlemen. I hope I shall
! not he again provoked from what is due to myself
! to descend so low as to notice him.
,, Air. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
i tion umoii the motion to print.
'' Mr.'GIDDlNGS. Will the gentleman permit
' me one word of explanation ?
[Cries of " No ! no ! We have had enough."]
The call f>r thupi eviousquestion was seconded,
ami the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the motion
, to prmt was ogreed to.
DEBATE OX TH F, ANNUAL MKS8AGK.
Air. HOUSTON offered the usual resolution in
' blank fn closing debate upon the Piemlent's
: me^sjge ni the Committee of the Whole upon the
■ etate of the Union.
Mr. H. I have left the time blank, thatan hour
I may ho fixed by the House at which it may be
j their pleasure to close the debate in committee. [
• will propose Thursday (to-morrow) at two
! o'clock,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have not
: been m Committee of the Whole upon the Pres-
ident's message more than three hours this ses-
- sion.
i Air. HOUSTON. I thmk we have been in
: committee two or three days.
; Mr. STEPHENS. I thmk not exceeding three
hours.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the reso-
! lution is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. That mis been the custom
■ of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, f will not, then, move the
reives visits Irnm free negroes sometimes.11'The ll q'.estio,, , Uu will leave the House to fix
chanty he dispenses iio man knows. He never l\ thc tIme llt vv,ur'k dcoatb shaIi bo do'sed m the
. ^ ' . - • ■ <- ' i committee.
Mr. SEYAIOUR, of New York'. I move this.
day week.
Mr. STEPHEN'S moved to lay the resolution
upon tlm table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole upon the state
of the Union, for the purpose of taking up those
resolutions on the President's message.
Mi. GORMAN. I wish, before that is done, t"
make a report from the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has made a privileged motion, which cannot
l e superseded while pending by another privileged
motion.
Air. GORAIAN. I understand the motion of
the gentleman has precedence to certain other mo-
tions; hut if the Chair will permit me, a rule of the
House say:; that the Committee on Printing can
report'it any tune. A pirvilesed oneMiou cer-
tainly take> pm edeuce.
The SPEAKER. The ruirs viy. also, that a
majoruy may at any tiro*- .:iw>«md the rule^ and
resume itself into the Coimni'iee ^f ihe Whole
House upon the state of Un; U a:n.i; end each bting,
m the opinion of thf> proft'it io-'iiaibcnt of the
chair, [Air. Joxts,j of the sam'- character«the first
made must be the tii^t put. If the chairman of
the Conimittee on Printing had nrst made h:s mo-
tion, of ct)urse he would have had ihe precedence
leu ins nght hand know what his left hand does, ;
nor h.s head what is done by either. But he will ;
v.iUP nice letter, lull of sympathy about chains,
.«.n 1 opui ession, and o\crseejs. He remains with '
hi-, free negro friends when they call to <-oe him;
nod tK'tis the way he spends In* t\tra .hour.-., and
tlie irMsoiuht't he aoes home about u:nu"r time.
The li"noral>le gentleman talked the other day, in
my absence, that he would like to hn\e about 1
with me, but this morning he asserts that I have
been set uoon him—that i am urged to attack hun,
and in his crazy fancy, every one who says a word .
to me, is giving me some hint about his course.
No such thing. A gentleman mentioned to me ■
th.'t lie was taking up the whole of my time, and !
that I had better coiUmue. Thaf was ail the in-
formation given to mo. Twantiio information in •
relation to the course of the Iwnorphle member
from Ohio.
YvTheiewasI at the time of the sitting of the ;
Philadelphia Convention? I have not set myself
up as the standard of irenend attention here. He
is the man who an aigns everybody, and therefore ;
I come upon him. 1 do not say, that during the .
;-p^if"!s ; hnve alwavs-beeri in the House. Wre
were dimour grog Christmas week"! W here
was i.e.* li"1 Philadelphia, drinkuvj: beer in oyster-
c'JJnrs v, tt.ii free riegrocs. [Laughter.] Who w^s
bt-sL <=•!,.:'.'^ived—tho^e who ih-aok good liquor in
ibr  ,ny"uf Washiu-rion, or the honorable member
in hr 'employment m Philadelphia: I .mi rather >
