1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447*
that the House bill should be preferred to the Sen-
ate bill. The difference is this: Both of these bills
contain the same section authorizing the President
of the United States to designate the ports of entry
in two of the collection districts in Oregon; and
the reason why this bill is recommended, rather
than that the House itself should establish those
ports, is the uncertain stateof thecommercial busi-
ness of that country. At the present time, there
are several applications before the Committees on
Commerce of this House and the Senate, in refer-
ence to the establishment of particular points as
ports; but, upon referring this question to the
Treasury Department, it was recommended thata
general power should be conferred upon the Presi-
dent, when he shall have ascertained the necessi-
ties of that Territory, and the two points at which
it is desirable to establish the ports in these two
districts—one in the district of Oregon, and the
other in the district of Puget's Sound—to desig-
nate and establish those ports. The bill of the
House, and the bill of the Senate, conform pre-
cisely in reference to these particulars.
There is another section in both bills, which in-
creases the salaries of the collectors. The Senate
bill increases the salaries of several collectors, but
the House bill increases the salary of only ore,
and that is the collector located at Astoria, in the
collection district of Oregon. It was not deemed
necessary, by the Committee on Commerce of this
House, to increase, at present, the salaries of the
other collectors; and I believe that conclusion is
satisfactory to the honorable Delegate from that
Territory, [Mr. Lane,] who is well acquainted
with the circumstances under which it has been
deemed advisable to recommend this increase of
I will add that the present salary of the collector
at Astoria was found to be entirely inadequate to
pay the expenses incurred by him in removing
from this part of the country with his family to
establish himself there. It was only the sum of
$1,000, with the fees of office. Those fees, in the
present state of the commerce of that district, are
very small; an d the sum of $3,000 was deemed a suit-
able sum for his salary, considering the expense of
living in that Territory. That is the bill of the
House; and it differs in this respect from the bill of
the Senate, inasmuch as it raises the salary of only
the collector of the district of Oregon; whereas
the bill of the Senate raises the salaries of two
other collectors, which is not deemed to be neces-
sary by the Committee on Commerce of this
House.
Now, sir, for the purpose of setting this matter
all right, I move to amend the Senate bill before
the committee by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting those two sections of the
House bill which we have just passed , and that
will conform to the present understanding of the
committees of both Houses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state to
the gentleman that, according to the rules of the
House, a proposition to amend this bill by the
adoption of another bili, which has already been
passed and reported to the House, will not be in
order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would suggest, then, that
this bill be passed by informally.
Mr. STUART. I move to report this bill to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask a question of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,]
who is at the head of the Committee on Commerce
of this House. I desire to know whether there
are not some ports in Oregon or California, or
both, to which the Government has to send money
from other points to pay the salaries of the col-
lectors at those places? Are there not some ports
there where they do not collect a solitary dime, in
their capacity as collectors? and does not their pay
have to be sent from some other part of the coun-
try?
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would say,
in reply to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] that in regard to ports in the State of
California, the Committee on Commerce have not
been led into an inquiry, inasmuch as nothing
upon that subject has "been before them; but m
reference to the ports of the Territory of Oregon,
we have been informed by the Delegate of that
Territory—although I am not aware of inform-
ation from ^any other source which has come
before the House, yet that is reliable enough, as we
all know—that in the district of Oregon there is
a considerable commercial business, yet the fees
do not amount to as much, perhaps, as the salary
the collector receives, and yet that salary is entirely
inadequate to his support. At other places in that
Territory where there are ports, there is some
trade, yet the fees are very small, and, I presume,
the result is the same there. The salaries of the
other collectors are only $1,600, which is a very
small compensation, and will scarcely support any
of those Collectors—together with fees not to ex-
ceed $2,000. The limit of the salary is $9,000. It
is the maximum. The trade there is small at
present, but it is increasing, as we all know, and
it is desirable to "have persons stationed where we
have ports established, and where trade is concen-
trated, for the purposeof discharging these duties.
And I do not know that it has been ever consid-
ered a reason for dismissing these officers, that
there was small trade at a port. The country is
new, and we have a pretty certain prospect that
this trade will increase, and ultimately arrive at a
very great amount, so that the salary would be
paid out of the fees of the office in a short time.
I do not suppose that there is any idea now to dis-
continue these offices.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman will
find before he gets through with the examination
of those ports, and their condition, that my state-
ment is correct. I am satisfied that at some ports,
although I am not prepared to say what ports,
the facts exist as I have stated them to the gen-
tleman, and I hope he will give them his atten-
tion, if not at this, at some other time.
Mr. LANE. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I will reply to his inquiries. Astoria, the
principal port of that Territory, is at or near the
mouth of the Columbia river. This bill provides
only for the increase of the salary of its collector,
which is now $1,000, a sum entirely inadequate.
The question was taken and the bill was or-
dered to be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
SCHOOL LANDS.
The next bill coming up in order was House
bill No. 264, to appropriate lands for the suppoit
of schools in certain townships and fractional
townships in the Territory of Minnesota, not
heretofore provided for.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, the bill just read
provides for two classes of cases. The first relates
to fractional, sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections,
which contain less than six hundred and forty
acres. The bill proposes to authorize the Territo-
ry of Minnesota to select other lands to make up
that deficiency.
The other class of cases is where certain town-
ships are fractional, and do not contain the six-
teenth and thirty-sixth sections. Where town-
ships of that kind are found, the bill authorizes
the Territory of Minnesota to select lands in lieu
of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections, accord-
ing to the provisions of the act of 1826, which
provides that when a fractional township is more
than three fourths of a full township, three
fourths of an entire section may be selected for
school purposes; and when a fractional township
is more than one half but less than three fourths
of a full township, the one half of a scction may
be selected for school purposes; and when a
fractional township is more than one fourth and
less than one half of a full township, the one
fourth section may be selected for school pur-
poses. Such are the provisions of the act of 1826,
which is incorporated into the bill before the com-
mittee. I presume no further explanation of the
bill is necessary, and I therefore move that it be
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
SURVEYOR GENERAL IN OREGON.
Mr. HALL. I move to take up House bill No.
224, being "A bill to amend an act entitled { An act
' to create the office of surveyor general of the
* public lands in Oregon, and to provide for the
' survey, and to make donations to the settlers of
< the said public lands,' " approved September 27,
1850.
The biil was taken up, and read through.
Mr. STUART. I move that the committee
rise, with the view of moving in the House a res-
olution for the termination of debate upon this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman,
Stanton, of Tennessee,) reported, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the special order, and had instructed
him to report House bills Nos. 263 and 264, with-
out amendment, with the recommendation that
they do pass; and also Senate bill No. 283, with the
recommendation that it do not pass; and that the
committee also had had under consideration
House bill No. 224, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. STUART. I move the usual resolution
that debate be terminated upon House bill No. 224
within fifteen minutes after the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall again have
resumed its consideration.
Which motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee, in the chair.)
Mr. HALL. I regret that the Committee on
Public Lands made an adverse report on this bill;
for I think that it ought to pass. I will explain it
in as few words as possible. On the 27th of Sep-
tember, 1850, an act was passed granting lands to
all persons enumerated in it, who had settled in
Oregon, or who should settle there, prior to the
first of September, 1853, on consideration of their
living upon it for four consecutive years. There
are some persons in Oregon whose occupation is
such as to render it almost impossible for them to
comply with the act of 27tn September, 1850.
They are mechanics and merchants who reside in
town. They went there with the earliest tide of
emigration, and rendered as important service as
any other class in settling that country, and per-
fecting the claim of the United States to it.
These persons are excluded from the benefits of
the act of the 27th of September, 1850. They now
ask Congress not to give them the benefits of that
act, not to give them this land for nothing, but
they ask that they may be permitted to enter the
Same quantity of land which the act of 1850 gave
to the settler at $1 25 per acre. It appears to me
that there is nothing unreasonable, unjust, or un-
fair about this. The bill, however, extends to
another class of persons, whose merit is, perhaps,
not so great. I mean those who may settle in
Oregon Territory prior to the 1st of September,
1853, the benefits of the act of September, 1850.
It appears to me, as they render important service
by going to that distant Territory, inasmuch as
they form as important part of the army of occu-
pation as any other portion, that they should be
permitted, also, to receive their land by paying
the sum of $1 25 per acre for it. The issue pre-
sented is just this: whether these men shall be
compelled, by the act of September, 1850, to set-
tle upon the land and get it for nothing, or be per-
mitted to get the land by paying $3 25 an acre
into the Treasury of the United States for it. That
( is the whole principle involved in the bill. There
1 are two sections in this bill which I think ought to
be modified. The fourth section proposes to ap-
, propriate the proceeds of these lands to the im-
provement of some of the rivers in the Territory
of Oregon. I have not sufficient information with
regard to these rivers to justify me in voting for
that proposition. I propose, therefore, to strike
out the fourth section of the bill, which directs the
manner in which the proceeds of these lands shall
be applied, and let the money go into the Treas-
ury, to be appropriated as other public money.
The fifth section should be modifiea if the fourth
section is stricken out. I propose to strike out the
words " sum not to exceed thousand dollars,"
and to insert" two per cent.upon all such sums,"
and insert a proviso at the end of the section pro-
viding that the salary of the surveyor general
shall not exceed the sum of $4,000 a year. The
effect of my amendment will be this: If the bill
passes, as I propose, it will allow these people in
