1448*
THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOfiid.
May 22,
Oregon, who are unable to comply with the pro- i
visions of the act of September, 1850, to purchase ;
land according to the terms of that act at £,1 25 per j
acre, and it will also provide that the surveyor |
general shall receive two per cent, of the proceeds '
arising from these sales, provided, however, the
salary shall not, in any event, exceed §4,000 a
year. His present salary is $2,500.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr.
Halt.,] why this money is made payable to the
surveyor general ?
Mr. HALL. Because there is-no other land of-
ficer in Oregon to receive it. We have, as yet,
no receiver at the land office.
Mr. FOWLER. "Why not establish an office
theie ?
Mr. HALL. Because we do not think that the
business of the country will at present justify it.
There is no land to be brought into market. We
do not'think that, for the purpose of attending to
so little land as may be sold under this act, it will
justify the expense of establishing registers and
receivers there.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand that the sal-
ary of the surveyor general is to be extended from
$2,500 to $4,000, for the extra service?
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman looks at the
bill, he will find, that in order to compensate the
surveyor general for the additional labor imposed
\ipon him by the present bill, and in order to pay
the clerk hire and all-incidental expenses, he is
permitted to receive two per cent, upon all sales of
land, provided he shall not receive more than
$4,000 a year.
Mr. VENABLE. It will be observed, by at- |
tending to this bill, that the committee have re- |
ported that amendment with a recommendation |
that it do not pass. It does not come here mdoised :
by the approbation of the committee to whom it j
was referred. It has been truly said, that we have 1
but little land to dispose of m the Territory of
Oregon, according to the law which gives away !
the land to actual settlers; but here is a proposition ■
to take away the little that does remain, and with
the proceeds to improve the Willamette river.
Mr. HALL. 1 will move to sirike that out. j
Mr. VENABLE. Then, I have nothing more
to say. !
Mr. HALL. I move to strike out the fourth l
section, viz: !
Sse. 4. */lnd oc it further cnactah That the fund?* at wn  '
from the sale of said Intuit, a-< aforesaid, he ami aie ,
hereby appropualed to ihe impiovement of the Willamette j
rivei, one luii iheieof to be applied to l he improvement of j
said river above the fu!N,:tnd the remaining hall to be up |
plied to the improvement of said over below the (alls j
aloresmd.
The question was then taken, and it was
agreed (o.
The fifth section was then read, as follows:
Hi'T. 5. >Llnd f'C U fmthrr oi'irfi'J, Thai it .-ii.ilt In- (he
(hitv of Mm! .'.urvr-vor general, mmiediaielv upon the t.ikimr
effect of tin- act, to entei into -eennh hi the mim ot 
thousand dollar?*,conditioned foi thCi-.t'e-keepm:; and I"<mI
disbursement o{ all mon''\< received by bun a-- t-uive<ioi
<reneial by virtueofthe proviMon-^ nftln*. net. Andir-hall
furthei he the duty ot ;-aid surveyor general to tian-imt. a< ,
aforesaid, to ."iieli person or pm«,on-* a-* .-hall be amhonzed 1
by the Legislative Assembly r f -aid Temtorv to receive th"
same, a duplicate copy of bis cpmiteily report^, piovided 1
lot hi the third section ot thi*< art; and it <hall al-o be the
duly of t--aid Hiiveym general to p.iv over to ~ueli p^t-on
or per-on< a^ --hall be nnthoi i/,ed bv tin* Legislative A—etn
blyol -'lid Tctmoiy to receive and reeeipi for the h-ame, all
m<ine\> v> reeem-d bv him, as more-aid, and appiopnated
to said Tei 1 'tor\ of Oj egon, nndet the provision.-: ol the 
fetton or thi> act, for the iwes and ptnpnM's theiem -neei.
lied : Prowled, however, What m oider to eomperi-atc the
•-urvejor <?eneiul ofVaidTerritorj foi the nddit>i>na! lebouj
and ropon.-ibihty imposed upon bmt bv tbn ,iet m receiv-
ing, sa'O-keppinjf, paying o\er, and n'-eostuJ-siji t<" the
money uforewid he <hnll he. allowed to retai" ot Ht.-mo-
ceed« aforoaid a sum not, e\ecodtn.* thou-and doPm^.
which fchail mclud" the payment foi clerk hire, together
with all eo<ts and expenses incidental to .-ueh - pecial ser-
vices in ony one year.
Mr. HALL. I move tostrike out oft he fifth sec-
tion all after the word " act " and before the word
"provided," from t)ie seventh to the eighteenth
line. I will merely explain that the words I Pro-
pose to strike out provide for paying over'the
money in accordance with the terms of the fmuth
section. The committee have already stricken
out that section, consequently these words w'rch
I now propose to strike out are unnecessary and
improper.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hall's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I propose to amend this section
by striking out the words " he shall be allowed
to retain of the proceeds aforesaid a sum not ex-
ceeding thousand dollars," and inserting the
words " two per cent, upon all such sums."
Mr. SEYMOUR. I should like to inquire if this
is in addition—if this two per cent, will be in ad-
dition to the fixed salary which the officer has?
Mr. HALL. It will.
Mr. SEYMOUR. And what, in your estima-
tion, being at the head of the Land Committee,
do you suppose the salary of that officer will be
with the addition of the two per cent, upon ali
sales which will be made?
Mr. HALL. My proposition is, to limit the
sum to $4,000, so that this officer shall not, under
any circumstances, receive more than $4,000 for
his services.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask thegentleman
a question. I understand that the gentleman, by
his present amendment, proposes to allow the
surveyor to retain in his hands his compensation.
[ understand that to have been the caseat an early
day. The existing law now requires all collections
of revenue from all sources, to go into the Treas-
ury, and to be paid out by an appropriation.
Mr. HALL. I propose to modify my amend-
ment, in accordance with the suggestion of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I now move to acid to the fifth
section the following proviso: " Provided fuil'ier,
That the salary of said surveyor general shall in
no event exceed the sum of $4,000 for any year."
Mr. HOUSTON I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that his allowance under this bill must be
expressly confined to $4,000.
Mr. HALL. I will modify my amendment as
follows:
Provided, That the salary anil percentage ol' *-aid stir-
ve\oi geneuil r*ha!i not exceed the sum ol £4,000 fui any
one yeai.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I propose to amend by
i adding the woids "clerk hire" after the words
, " surveyor general."
i Mr. HALL. If the gentleman will only look
! at the section, he will see that that is already pro-
| vided for. The surveyor general is to receive
I two per cent, to cover the expenses of clerk hire.
I Mr. I'KNNJMAN. 1 believe that portion of
1 the section has been stricken out.
| Mr. PI ALL. Oh, no; you are mistaken,
j Mr. HOUSTON. At any late, the amendment
■ is not objectionable.
I Mr. HALL. Very well; I have no objection
| to its adoption.
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
j The question recurred on the amendment as
!j amended, and being put, was agreed to.
Mr. tlKHAUD. \ now move to strike out from
i the lif(h section the words " by \inue ot the pro-
, \isions of lhis a<i,"and to mse.t in lieu thereof
1 " aeeoidmg to law," so as to make it rend:
i " Th U it •-hall he the dnt\ of said **ui vevoi general, im-
; mediately upon the taking ejloet of thi^ act, to < titer nit"
| seemit\ intlteMimot thousand dollar-, eomhitoned 'oi
| the safekeeping and legal disbursement of all mom-v** re-
euived bv him as mu\c>o! gencial, nceotdin<> to lav
i; As the section now stands, he is required to pay
over the moneys " by virture of the provisions of
, i this act." Now, all the provisions of this act, for
jj paying over these moneys, have been stricken out;
;tnd if, therefore, those words were retained, they
|i would be unmeaning, and theie would stem to be
'■ no obligation upon him to pay it over, from any
,i provision lhat would he in this law.
'I Mr. PI A LL. The section, ns it now stands,
! provides not for the payment of the money accord-
ing to the provisions of this act, but for the dis-
bufsement of the money received under the pro-
visions of this act.
Mr. B1SSELL. Wimt. disbursements has the
surveyor general to make?
Mr. HALL. I suppose such as the Secretary
of the Treasury may impose upon him.
Mr. BISSELL. The bill does not require any.
It only requires the safe-keeping of the moneys he
receives under tins act.
Mr. HEBARD. I believe it has reference not
only to the safe-keeping, but to the disbursement
also.
Mr. PIALL. You can strike out the words
uand legal disbursement."
Mr. HEBARD. I think the amendment I pro-
pose is certainly unobjectionable.
Mr. PIALL. Well, I do not care. Let it be
adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hebard's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. There is a blank in the fifth sec-
tion, which ought to be filled, providing for the
amount of secmitv the surveyor general shall give.
I do not know what amount is proper; but 1 will
move to fill the blank with "fifty,"so as to make
fifty thousand dollars, the amount of security to
be given.
A Member. That is too much. Make it
twenty thousand.
Mr. IIAuL. Very well; I move to insert
"twenty" in the blank.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. I do not exactly like those
words, "and legal disbursement," in the fifth
line, because the surveyor general has no dis-
bursing to do. I move to strike them out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire, whether
#20,000 would probably cover any defalcation this
otfiper might make?
Mr. HALL. I am really unable to answer the
inquiry of the gentleman. 1 supposed the amount
ought to be £-,50,000, but gentlemen around me
said that was too much, and that §20,000 was suf-
ficient.
Mr. CLARK. I am not satisfied with $20,000,
and I therefore move to strike out " twenty" and
insert "fifty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will now suggest to the
gentlemen who have this bill in charge, that in
contravention of the custom, and, indeed, of the
law, they have made the surveyor general a re-
ceiver of money for public lands. Pie is emphat-
ically one of the receivers of public money—-just
as much so as any other receiver of money for
customs or anything else, in any part of the Uni-
ted States. That being true, it occurs to me that
there ought to he added to the bill a provision
subjecting him to the restrictions thai are con-
tained in the act of 1846, known as the Independ-
ent Treasury act, so that he shall stand upon the
same footing with ali the other receivers of public
money.
Mr. PIALL. In accordance with the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama, I offer the
fol'owing, us an amendment to the sixth section
of the bilf, to conic in at the end thereof, viz:
And that the said t-mveyor eeneral -hall be subject toall
the piow-mn- <>: the ,«-t entitled " An act for the better 01-
gam/ation ot the Trea iuv, and mr the colleetion, eafe.-
fceepwg, tiaiihlei, and d!-*bui.-*emcntof thepublie revenue,'*'
appiovi'd August bt)i3 lo-lS.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLKR. Is it in order to move to
strike out " $f>0,000" m the fifth section, and m-
ypi t Miitu- ftht-r Mini;
The CilAlUMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in oide'- to do x • after (he cemrnittcc has m-
sertrd " $20,000 " The Chair, on reflection,
thinks that the motion of the gentleman from
[owa, [AJr. Clauk,] to strike ouf " twenty" and
insert "fj!;y," and winch was adopted by the
committee, was not m ordei\
M . FOWLER. Does the sum then stand at
<,20.000:
The CHAIRMAN. No; it stands at $50,000.
Mi. FOWLER. If it w.is m order to strike
out "twenty" and msett "fifty," why is it not,
iu order now to strike out " fifty'" and insert some
other mini' er;
The CI-IAIRMAX. If the question had been
made at the time, or if the attention of the Chair
had been called to it, the amendment would have
been ruled our of order.
Mr. FOWLKR. It seems to me that $50,000
is an enormous sum, and that if the committee
would consider, they would be willing to leduce
it at least to s20.000.
Mr. STUART. The Delegate from Oregon is
satisfied with the amount at ^50,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The alteration can only
be made bv general consent.
Mr. FOWLRR. If the Delegate from Oregon
is satisfied, I will not insist; but it strikes me that
$50,000 is an enormous sum, and that it would be
very difficult to get it.
On motion by Mr. PIALL, the bill was then
