1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449*
ordered to be laid aside, to be reported to the |
House, with the amendments, and with a recom- !
mendation that it do pass. j
Mr. SIBLEY moved that the committee do now .
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stanton, of Tennessee) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consldeiation the
state of the Onion generally, and particularly
House bill No. 224, "to amend an act entitled
4 An act to create the office of surveyor general
' of the public lands in Oregon, and to provide for
' the survey, and to make donations to the settlers
4 of the said public lands,' " approved September
27,1850, and had directed him to report the same
to the House, with sundry amendments, and with
a recommendation that the bill do pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are various bills
which have been reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to some of
which there are amendments to be made, and on
which gentlemen may desire to vote by yeas and
nays. There are many of them, however, to
which there is no objection. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bills in their
order, and that such as there is no objection to
may be put upon their passage.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
proposition of the gentleman will be followed by
the House.
Mr. STANLY. Will the Chair state what is
the exact proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
asks the unanimous consent of the House to take
up and pass such bills as have been reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to which there shall be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I prefer that they
should be called up one at a time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Gentlemen can object
to any one they do not desire to see pass, in this
way, and it will be passed by.
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to ask what will
become of those that are objected to, if this course
is taken?—what will their position be?
The SPEAKER. They will come up in their
regular order, as unfinished business. j
Mr MEACHAM. As the first business5, ;
The SPEAKER. Not as the first business, ;
because theie is other unfinished business before 1
them. |
Mr. KICHARDSON. These bills may be;
called up in their regular order and disposed of ;
one at a time, if gentlemen prefer it. 1 call for
bill No. 252.
Mr. JON ES. I want to know if these bills are
passed by now, they will not go to the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. According to the former prac-
tice of the House they would go upon the table.
But according to the decision of the present occu-
pant of the chair, they lenituu as unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. JONES. Do all the bills remain as unfin-
ished business?
The SPEAKER. All that have been reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. If I understand
it, all that have been reported this week remain as
unfinished business.
The SPEAKER.. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair, he decides that .ill the bills leported fiorn
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union yesterday and to-day, or during the week,
and not disposed of, wJl^ake their places and wdl
come up in their regular order as the unfinished
business of the House.
Mr. HENN. The Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union have had under considera-
tion all the bills unon the Calendar except the one
reported by myself. There has been no action
upon that, and I ask, what will become of it if the
House adjourn to-dayViilioutgoioginto theCom-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
disposing of it ?
The SPEAKER. Is that bill in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union '
Mr. HENN. It is, and is a part of the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The special order will be
exhausted after the adjournment to-day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman, that his object can be attained in this way: 1
He can move to discharge the Committee of the ;
Whole on the state of the Union from its further
consideration, and bring it into the House for ac-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Plow can you do that?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent, or by a suspension of the rules, upon
Monday alone.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will make that motion
myself on Monday, as I desire to have that bill
disposed of along with the other territorial busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
course suggested by the gentleman from Illinois,
in relation to the disposition of such bills as have ;
been reported from the Committee of the Whole on !
the state of the Union, if there beno objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I prefer
that the bills shall come up m their regular order,
and be disposed of one cit a time.
Mr. HENN. I am satisfied that two thirds
cannot be obtained for suspending the rules for !:
the purpose of discharging the Committee of the !
Whole on the state of the Union from the further I
consideration of the bill to which I just alluded. I |
think, in justice, it ought to be placed upon the i
same footing with the other territorial business. I j
move that the House resolve itself into the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
upon the special order. i
Mr. LETCHER. This is Saturday, and the
usual time for adjournment has arrived. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to—ayes 72, noes 39; and
The House adjourned till Monday next at
twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition*, memorials, &c., were presented |
under the rule, and leferied to the appropuate committees : j
BvMr. ItOIUE: A petition to establish a r>o?t route from j
Add-on, Steuhon county, New York, to E'kland, Tioga (
comity, PeMK^slvama. , _ !
I y Mr. GROW. The remonstrance of citizens of Lu [
I yarno county, Pennsylvania, agamrt the renewal of Wood- ;
wmth's patent. . ,,
iU'Mr. 1FLIATJI: Iterolunon* of the Legislature of;
tin; v^iaie ol'<4foij:Ki,pfayini.r tin c-tabhj-hnioiit of a \veeKI> ,
mail ionic j to he cuiucfl i two-bor-e «ta^e or coach, ,
!iiiih A>-h\i]'<\ Buncoinb Conit-IIoiw, North Carolina, to ;
Clai k^viilo, ilabfT-haui couutv, (iemsia, via the post office*, j
now rt-tnhJiihed with Iioi-c mm) (,om liuiKomb ,
Court iloiiM', Notth Caiolina, to ClarksviHe, Habersham i
countv, Georgia. |
Al-o, for .i wecMv hor e n; ul from Whvi^one po^rhco, !
in L ic'k«-*n^ di-Tnct.*South Caiohna, to Clayton, in Raburn
county, G( o ^ia.
Al-o, ior a weekly wad f
'fV]!air county, Geoi.
.Georgia.
j...... ,,o"i Swavr.c's Rro;e, in
, to W.inc-hojo', 'n Ware comity,
IN SENATE.
iMoro.iv, May 21,JSS3.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton' F. Mohuan.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I leave to
present the credentials of the Hon. WillmmF.
De Saussl'kk, v-hn 1ms been appointed to fill the
vacancy in the Senate occasional by the resigna-
tion of the Hon. It. Daiixweii Rhctt, and ask
that they may be re-al.
The credentials were read.
Mr. Dr: Svth-rb ccme forward, and the oath
prescribed by iav/ having been administered to
him, he took Jus fie.T tn the Senate.
The Pit ESI DENT pro temp-re laid beinre the
Senate a cc/ivmumcfitioii from tlie Navy Depart-
ment, tran.-nntlisig, in compliance with a i esohitirm
of the Senate, n repoit from the Engineer-m-Chief
of tlie X.ivy, on the comparative value of anthra-
cite and bituminous coal.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is that report m answer
to the resolution of my colleague?
The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. BItODIl EAD. I ask that it belaid on the
fable until my colleague returns, witjiout any older
for printing.
The report was laid upon the te.ljle.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BEPJtlEN presented the memorial of
.lames J. Morrison and others, officers of the
United States revenue cutter Jackson, praying
to be allowed a proportion of the proceeds af the
steamship Pampero, seized and sold for a, vio-
lation of the neutrality laws of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Newton , New Hampshire, praying that the.bili
now pending before Congress granting to every
citizen of the United States one hundred and sixty
acres of land, may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to pass by the
morning business and proceed to the consideration
of Executive business, for the reason -which I
suggested on Friday last. I deem it a matter of
great importance, as I think I could satisfy the.
Senate if, under our rules, I were permitted to do
so.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would ask the Senator from
Missouri how long he expects that we shall be
engaged in Executive session, ifwe agree to the
motion ?
Mr. ATCHISON. About an hour, or perhaps
less time.
I Mr. HALE. I would ask if the object is to
; take up any Indian treaties?
| Mr. ATCHISON. It is.
! Mr. HALE. That will take up all day; no
1 doubt of it.
i The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and after two
hours and a half spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
! Mr. BROOKE. Mr. President, I wish to give
I notice, that I shall to-morrow ask the Senate to
j take up the resolution introduced by mypredeces-
| sor, [Mr. Foote,] commonly known as the com-
j promise finality resolution.
| NOTICE OF A BILL,
i Mr. DOWNS gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill, granting to the State of Louisiana
the right of way and making a grant of land for
the construction of a railroad from New Orleans
to Opelousas, and thence to the Sabine.
j THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
1 Whole, the consideration of the bill from the House
; of Representatives, entitled " An act to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending30th .Tune, 1852,"the pend-
ing question being* upon the amendment of Mr.
Shields to insert "the following :
: (-'or the repairs of the Long Bridge, across the Potomac,
a sum not exceeding $12,0«.0; to be expended under tbe
direction ot the Commissioner on Public Buildings.
I Mr. BADGER. 1 hope that the amendment
j will not be adopted. 1 told my friend from Illi-
i nois the other day, when he announced it, that I
was decidedly opposed to it. I would much rather
i vote an appropiiation of ^25,000 to remove that
, wretched and unsightly obstruction to the Poto-
( mac river, than vote $12,000 for the purpose of
. patching it up, and keeping it in a condition in
i which it will continue to be an obstruction to the
I flow of that river. I think it will be a great deal
! better to remove the bridge altogether, and either
i establish a steam ferry-boat there, such as main-
I tains the communication between Brooklyn and
l New York, which can carry over passengers from
I eithei side every fifteen minutes during the day,
! and will leave the river open and unobstructed,
i and give an opportunity to the flow of the water
! to wash away the shoals which have now been
! formed against that portion of the bridge, and
j much thelarger portion of it which is not hollow,
j but which is built on the principle of a causeway.
1 hope, at all events, that we sliall not expend
' ^12,000 now for the purpose of patching up that
miserable structure.
j Mr. CLARKE. As one of the committee of
I which the Senator from Illinois is chairman, and
as one who agreed to tlie amendment which he
i Jias proposed to the bill, I beg Jeave to say a few
! words. 1 agree in part with my friend from North
: Caiolina, thTit. this miserable structure should be
removed. But, yet, I believe that it is necessary
that there should be some communication between
! the District of Columbia and the Virginia shore;
