538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
for it, because, if you insist upon that, his bounty
is a mere pittance, not worth receiving. Now, in
my humble opinion—and I speak it with defer-
ence—we ought to step in and do wbat is but a
mere act of justice to these officers.
Mr. DUNHAM. I stated, the other day, that
I should not say another word in reference to this
subject, but I wish the House to have correct in-
formation as to the amount of clerk hire required
in these offices. I hold in my hand a list of all
the land offices in the country. Now, in order
that the committee may have a correct idea of the
amount of the clerk hire required, it is necessary
to show an account of the warrants which are en-
tered. I will call their attention to this fact.. I
have but cast my eye over the list, but, i will ven-
ture to say that not one third—and not one quar-
ter of the land offices in the United States have,
for the whole time since Mexican warrants were
first issued,located five hundred warrants a year.
Now, if this is true, where is the necessity of this
extracompensation for clerk hire? Now, as was
stated the other day, by a letter received from a
gentleman in Iowa, it was shown that three clerks
could enter one thousand warrants 111 two weeks,
and they could enter five hundred warrants in one
week. Yet, with these facts staring tlium ill the
face, gentlemen get up and tell this committee that
this compensation is absolutely necessary in order
to pay for clerk hire.
I desire to make one further remark, and it is
this: In two thirds of the land offices in the United
States they do not begin to enter land enough, if
we adopt the presentrateof percentage, to jray the
$500 salary which is paid to the officers. Anil 1
again say, what I said the other day, I believe,
and if I did not, I will say it now, that in several
of these offioes, for a whole quarter, not a single
warrant has been located.
1 have one other remark. 1 say to those cen-
tlemen who have control of these publir kinds,
that I think they are neglecting tlu-ir duly, if they
do not, during' this Congress, bring forxvuid   bill
to consolidate and abolish many of the land offices
now ey sting, where we aie nut receiving money
enough to pay the actual salary which we are
compelled to pay the registers and receivers.
Mr. ORk. I desire to ask the gentleman if he
has received inlbrruaiion from any source, that a
single officer iias K-stgneci ins office in consequence
of the increase of labor from land warrants being
made receivable? And it'he has ever heard of
any difficulty in finding other officers as compe-
tent if such resignations! have taken place?
Mr. DUNt-lAM. I answered the gentleman's
interrogatory the other day, in reply, I believe to
a question asked by my colleague,'[Mr. tVrcn.1
I said that, when the Administration changed, I
do not know ot a single man who was willing to
go out of office. And when removals were made,
not know of a single odire m my countv
llieie was no! ,u least a "comornl's
guato <ti applicants hir the place; and that, too,
at a time when the bounty laird law was in fell
operation. I know of many cases where the o!K-
eet-s could not make $,'>00 a year out of the ofliee.
* * CIjARK.. I vh'h fi'i'lliiT to answer tfui
question propounded by the gentleman from South
Gaiohna, j Mr. Oru. j I wish to ^ay f haf. they ditl
not resign because they expertcd pay.
I he CU;\ 1 1J.MA . No furt her disi'.ussina
in order.
The question was thc.i taken upon ,M r. ivrr-
akt s amendment to the ennnnimeiit; and it was
not agreed to.
[Mr. Stephens.] . As I understood that gentle- [
man, he speaks of the |500 being given these offi- I
cers as salary, and of the percentage, as being |
only designed to pay for traveling expenses, and j
for a guardianship over the money. j
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not say that was the j
only reason for the percentage, but as one reason. !
Mr.FITCH. Very well;asoneofthereasons. j
But the register has no control or guardianship j
over the money after it is primarily paid. And it
will be found that that officer receives no other
compensation in the shape of insurance upon this
money for transporting it to the l.ond Office, or to
the place where he is directed by law to deposit
it. The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
the port of New-York, where there has been an
additional amount of revenue collected ? Why
would it not apply to the officers of the Army and
Navy, if by any unforeseen contingency addi-
tional services should beimposed upon them i
Mr. FITCH. I would ask if the officers of the
Army and Navy receive a percentage as a part of
their salary ? Their compensation is fixed, and
no percentage is allowed them.
Mr. FUXXiER. So I understand; and so I un-
derstand the salary of the receivers is a fixed one;
and upon the most ordinary principles of justice
between man and man, where a man employs a
laborer for a specified price, and imposes addi-
„ ... j tional services upon him, beyond those stipulated
who preceded me, very properly called the atten- |j in the contract to be performed, ho is at liberty to
tirtn n r tu r\ y. wi 1v1 irl aa f * fit ^ , u . ~ \ '. .. ,1 . . ..i   t\_-. - . l _  ^ j f til
f do
wher
tiort of the committee t > the profession, which was
so liberally made a few days since, of willingness
to pay these officers u just compensation. I spoke
then of these professions as mere subterfuges; and
the debate which has occurred to-day, together
with the voting upon the various propositions which
havefceen before the committee, will .show that I
was correct in m v statement. If there was a dis-
position manifested upon that occasion to compen-
sate these oiHcers justly and properly for their
labor, that disposition will be manifested now by
a refusal to do so.
i have heard this service compared to that of a
laborer. I did not hear this in debate, but I have
heard it in conversation; and if f mistake not, my
colleague, [Mr. Durham,] the chairman of the
select committee who reported this bill, has made
use of that comparison. Now, for the sake of the
tiling, let us take it upon this ground
say it is a departure from the contract, and I will
if no longer labor for this compensation.
|i The question was then taken on the amend
(j mentoffered by ? lr. Fjtch; and it was not agreed
to.
;| Mr. BISSELL. I send up an amendment.
1 The CHAIRMAN, h it an amendment to the
' part proposed to be stricken out ?
j Mr. BiSSELL. i am not quite certain that 1
' understand the condition of the matter us it now
; stands. ( offer it as an addition to the suction.
, The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes i!. js
; not in order, as the amendment now under consid-
i eration is to strike out a portion of the section and
' to insert. It will be in older after the question its
I taken on the pendingamendment.
j The question was then taken on the amendment
! offered by Mr. Sackett; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BISSELL. I now propose the amendment
Let us sup-   ___ t     
pose that a laborer under certain considerations in jl which I send to the tabled as* an addition to (
to receive a certain salary or percentage for a 'i 2d section.
service 10 be performed, and let us suppose that
afterwards the character of that service should be
changed so as to not only increase the labor, but
to dnnmiyh the compensation which he had a
right to expect. Is it not fan* to compensate that
man foi his services? Js it not unlaii to lufnse to
make that payment for his services? It has been
asked, and the question !uis been reported here as
if it were pertinent to the subject—Havr any of
these officers resigned^" The gentleman from
>h Mr. S.vki
the
J to make a conipro-
■fot that I believe that v/jjj
Tho question then recurred in
amendment.
Mr. MICH. I think the a-nendoi^r n
gentleman from New York is to r^din*^ ■
pensation one half. Am I rHn?
M*' T!ltU m7 ai'icrid,
Mr. PITCH. 1 au Willi,i '
mise m this matter
ite"0" to ttee office*, but"ibr the S,k,
anieiidniHit b-C"n'!'"'r'''r!Se'-' '  the
vLr , 7 ?Tldm= l"r t:'- of ooe
i f u!ld eve,7 warrant Ir/.-atcJ.
>ifre4 r™^'thls|sl™^^i«^icetotlie,e
±-: makil!,' (lies- wjrrents
\  :e' ' irf? ne^y quadrupled rhe M.or nt"
tnese otters over that of enter' " " "
cash, f dc^ir«-j to «*«• ij thi
around me (o e rf their own remarks, and
•ie jentluman from GeovcL,
-l'iii^ the^e lands for ]
attention of ^pntlemen :
oartioularly '
South Carolina [Mr. Oru] asked if any of these
officers have resigned for want of suflicient com-
pensation? I will remark, that if these resigna-
tions have not taken place, it has been because the
original bounty land law made provision for some-
thing m the shape of compensation for locating-
theM? lands—fifty cents each, if I mistake not. j
After this law was changed, these officers would !
hold on month after month with the hope that the I
location of warrants at these particular offices !
would notmc.rease,and thatthecashsales would not i
materially lessen, until at last they find themselves i
creditors to tfi<- Government to i.ivijc amounts in
; then- estimation, and they determine to hold on to !
their others until the Government had discharged !
the debt.
vfy colleague |.Ur. Dcvham] said that m some
o;ii.'<x there are no lands finered b\' tla-se war- '
rant--'. ^ I his, surely, is no re tson ibr not com-
jieiisatin^'ollicers where lands have be-n entered, i
because this hill does not operate upon such !'
otiices. The (rovevnment will p;tv those officers
nothnig", whether the cash sales liave been more
I or jess: whether the percentage amounts to $500,
or less than sufficient to pay their annual salary,
it matters not.
, Mr. DUNHAM. My colleague did not under-
: stand me, or I did not make myself clear in my
: remark. _Tl,e furce I gave to'the remark was,
J that but few warrants were located at those offices,
and conserpiently small cash sides, and that >300
sniury would pay for tln^ezitiv labor of io^atiu^
these warrants. '
[Here the h.uor.iCi- feil.!
Mr. I5I St>ELfj. Is it hi .,-rtkr
s.ueiidmeriE at this time '
'Hie CHATflMAX Ai>y geutlwiien has the
i'';.it to fippcae the anse;iJrncnf.
FULLER, of Maine. I ^t>h ^pnoso
the a.i.cnumeiil of the ^aitleraan from Tmli'ma,
and simply upon this ground: If I nndef.-.tand
correctly ins mode ofie "-onin-. n h, that be-'aose
tae Croveniuiciit ti.e. imyosed a"'tliiiO!.al sen ices
iinoo these receivers, it is bound h, make theia
adcouonal c«rtipensia!ion. Now, if he is enrre :t
why would not the rule apply wub equal force >o
collector:! of our revenue—Hay. for u,stance, at
move an
The amendment was read, as follows:
j slndbc it cnactcd, That registers a'id rrcfi'vcr-:, wlifther
\ m or out of office at the pa^Kgc of tiu=? aci. or their legal
I representatives in case of death, be to reeeivt
j from the Treasury of the United lor service-) huan-
[ ioie pei formed in locating military bounty land wan ant1?,
; the same rate of compensation provided in tl>^ piccedm^r
section foi services hereafter to be perfourjecl, after deduct-
ing the amount already received by Mich officers* under the
act entitled  '.\n act to letjuire the hokieis of rmlitnrv iar.d
'wairanH to compensate tlie land officers of the (Jmted
•Staler lorsesvict'b in relation lo the location ufihose wai-
approved May seventeenth, eighteen liandied and
loitj-ei^ht: Provided, That no Venter or receiver shall
iceeive any eomperj&atioa out of the Treasury (or pa^t
- ervicf wlio has eharged and received illegal fees fo; th«
location of Kuril warrants: Jind provided fintker, That !.o
rogisjer or receiver shall receive for his sei viees during arty
year a irieater compensation tiian the maximum now al-
lowed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ;>!•■<>-
pose it as an additional section to the bill r
.Mr. BISSELL. I propose it e s an addition to
the 2d section.
The ORAFR vlAN . The Chair then su.r^JSts
| that the phraseoiogy be altered, as it reters^to a
I precedm^ seetiou, Jiid there is no preceding seo
j tion, the iirst section having been struck out.
Mr. B(SSELL. The amendment can be so al-
tered. I understand, by a vote of this committee
this morning, upon an" amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] that
it is the deliberate sense of this House, that regis-
ters and receivers on^ht to be paid for their ser-
vices m locating military bounty iand warrant,
and I concur in that sentiment most fuliy. The'
committee has decided now, ns I understand, that
hereafter registers and receivers sholl bp ^Jd
such services. Am I right? I did not pnv par-
ticular attention to the early proceedings m tin*
committee, but I suppose such was the result oi
the vote taiien upon the amendment of the geinie-
man ttom Flondj, [Mr. Cwull.J However that
may be, i trast that the committee will so decid'j,
and that it will also decide that it ik equally ]u,-t
that they should be compensated for the f-e'1 -
\vhich they have already performed. I have
listened to all that has been nr^ed in rhi«eom-
mntco to-d.iy, ;u;d liereiofure, in opposition t > ;;i.
proposition to allow reristei-s and i-f-ccive.. s
pciisation tor locating these warrant", and I o-im
listened i:i vain for anythi,,;.' t)«it answers iV an
arsumc-nt. It has been said that live hund-eu
uodars is 'j. sunir.:2nt compensation to thes-* men
lor all their iwyicM. If mat be so—and I under •
s'and tnai to be the arginneit of :he cemlemim
!ror" Oeonix, (Vfr. Btcwii.vs)—1 should hk-- to
K.now why that gentleman, betorc this rime, ha-
not introduced o bill int.) tlr.s Tfour:,.' to reduce the
■*t register* and
'or does In-
