2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
. to the dis-
many other provisions of the act are
cretion of the inspector.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and upon a division there were—ayes 69,
noes not counted.
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Mason were appointed.
The question was again put, and the amendment
was disagreed to, the tellers having reported-
ayes 83, noes not counted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the fifth section, which reads as follows:
" riEC. 5. "Ind he it further enacted, That every such
vessel, cat rying passengers, except ferry boats, shall also be
provided with a good life preserver, made of cork, double
tin, cupper, or other equally suitable material, or in the.
place (It such life- preserver, floats, if as well adapted to the
purpo-e, for each and every person on board, which life- (
preserve!s shall always be distributed and kept in readiness
in the berths and stale rooms for the benefit of passengers
occupying the saint!) and al*>o in the most conspicuous and
suitable place for all others; and shall also keep after the
rate of fight fire buckets and three axes for every hundred
ions measurement of the vessel, which shall always be kept
distiibufd in a  ui table manner and in good older, ready to
be used in case o! fire."
And to insert in lieu of the above the following,
viz:
Sue. 5 -And be it further enacted, That every such
vessel, carrying pas-engers, thall also be provided with a
good hie preserver, made ol suitable material,or float, well
adapted to the purpose, for each and every passenger, which
li/e prej-eivers and floats s-hall always be kept in conve-
nient and accessible places iri such vessel, and in readiness
for the use of the passengers ; ami cveiy such vessel shall
also keep twenty fire buckets and five axes; and there
shall be kept on board every such vessel exceeding five
hundred tons measurement, buckets and axes after the rate
of their tonnage, a-* follows : on every vessel of six hundred
tons measurement, five buckets and one axe for each one
hundred tons measurement, decreasing this proportion as
the tonnage of the vessel increases, so that any such vessel
of thiit.v five hundred tons, and all such vessels exceeding
the same shall not be required to keep but three buckets for
each one hundred tons of measurement, and but one axe for
every five buckets.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee what he means by
" floats"—whether he means sticks, a chair, or a
door ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will state that gentlemen
who have navigated the western waters, and who
are conversant with these matters, have been fre-
quently before the committee, and have informed
us that a flout is an arlicle prepared on purpose,
with a chamber filled with air, which is kept on
board—one for each person—for the purpose of
being seized by him when he shall be thrown into
the water, to buoy him up. A life-preserver is
different, being filled with air, and fastened around
the person.
Mr. EDGERTON. I must say that I have
traveled upon steamboats, and have failed to dis-
cover anything like a float, as described by the
gentleman, anywhere. In the opinion of steam-
boat captains the gentleman refers to, this float
means a chair, a stick of wood, a door, or any-
thing that will float. It is altogether too indefi-
nite, and, in fact, means nothing at all.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say, further, that the
air chambers, to which I have alluded, are fast-
ened to the bottoms of stools and chairs used for
ordinary purposes on boats. They answer the
same purpose, because the air chamber fastened to
them gives the relative buoyancy, and they may
be used in cases of emergency.
Mr. EDGERTON. One word in regard to
that matter. These very so-called lite-preservers
and floats, heing air chambers attached to stools
and chairs, were condemned by those who were
saved from the wreck of the Atlantic, on Lake
Erie, as utterly worthless. They are no life-pre-
servers, and the law in this respect is worse than
no law at all; for passengers will trust to boat
owners, instead of supplying themselves with
really valuable life-saving apparatus, which they
would do without the law.
Mr. SEYMOUR. In reference to the case the
gentleman has cited, I have no information. The
facts I have detailed to the House are derived from
an intelligent committee of gentlemen, who have
been here the most of this winter, who have given
their practical experience to the committees of this
House and the Senate, in the preparation of the
bill. Some of them have been twenty or thirty
years connected with steamers upon the western
waters.
Mr. C A RTTER. I should like to know where
this committee are from, and whether they have
ever sailed upon a lake?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say, m reply to the
gentleman, that one of these gentlemen 1 know to
have been, by reputation, some thirty or forty
years connected with one of the best and largest
class of steamers upon the western waters.
Mr. CARTTER. What do you mean by
western waters ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Western rivers.
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire whether
they come from the" Ohio river, where the water
half the time is not knee deep ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SEYMOUR. I do not know what partic-
ular river they navigate; but they navigate these
large rivers of which we have heard so much
this session. ,
Mr. ROBBINS. I rise to a question of order.
Discussion is not in order whilst we are acting
under the operation of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. M1LLSON. With the unanimous con-
sent, I would ask the gentleman why the commit-
tee struck out the words "each and every per-
son," and inserted "each passenger?"
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, that the object of the
committee of this House was to apply this bill
solely to the safety of passengers. With regard
to the crew, we know they are in possession and
command of the boat. We did not suppose the
object of the bill should be regulated by their
preservation so much as that of the passengers.
We impose certain obligations also that can be
enforced at law; and we preferred to say, that
they should be in consistency with the relation-
ship between the captain and the persons under
his command, and those they are bound to carry
as nassengers safely.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that discussion is not in order.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to further discussion.
Let us get through with the bill.
Mr. HENN. Would it be in order to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the call for
the previous question was seconded?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order after
reconsidering the work that has been done under
11 The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was considered and agreed to, viz:
Strike out from the seventh section, the words
inclosed in brackets:
"Sue. 7. AiJ he it further enacted, That [no curtains
made of cotton, or of any material alike combustible, shall
he «u«pendo<l or used in any such vessel carrying passen-
eers except in state-rooms or apartments wberp no firf1 or
burning ii"ht is allowed to he u«ed;] no loose hemp shall he
cained on board any such vessel; nor shall baled hemp he
carried ou the deck or guards thereof, unless the bales aie
compactly pressed and well coveied with bagging or a sim-
ilar fabric; nor shall gunpowder, oil of turpentine, oil of
vitriol camphene, or other explosive burning fluids or ma-
terials^which isnite by friction, be carried oil board any such
vessel as freight, exccpt in cases of special license for that
purpose as hereinafter provided ; and all such aitides kept
on board as stores shall be secured in metallic vessels ; and
everv person who shall knowingly violate anv of the pro-
visions ofthis section, shall pav a pennltyof.ftlOO for each
offense, to be recovered by action of debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction."
The following sections and part of sections of
the bill were read. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, striking out the parts in-
closed in brackets, and inserting the words in ital-
ics, were severally considered and agreed to:
" Sec 8. Jind he it further pna.ctejl. That hereafter alt
gunpowder, oil of turpentine, oil of vitnol, camphene, or
other explosive burning fluids, and materials which ignite
by fliction, when packed or put up for shipment, for sale.]
on hoard of any tuch vessel, shall be securely packed or
put no separately fiom each other and from all other arti-
cles and the package, box, cask, or vessel emilaming the
same, shall be distinctly marked on the outside with the
name or description of the articles contained therein ; and
every person who shall pack or put up, or cause to be
packed or putupfor [sale or] shipment on hoard of any such
vessel, anv gunpowder, oil of turpentine, oil of vitriol, cam-
phene, or other explosive burning fluids, or materials whiell
ignite by triclion, otherwise than as aforesaid, [or shall de-
liver to any person any package, box, cask, or vessel con-
taining either of the articles aforesaid, notmarked as afore-
said, or shall ship or otfer to ship the same,] or shall
ship the same, unless -packed and marked ai aforesaid, On
board of anv steam-vessel carrying passengers, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished by a flne
not exceeding $1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding
eighteen months, or both.
"Sec. 9* -And he it further enacted, That instead of the
existing provisions of law for the inspection of steamers
carrying passengers and their equipment, and instead of
the present system of pilotage of such vessels, and the pres-
ent mode of employing engineers 011 board the same, the fol-
lowing regulations shall be observed, to wit: The collector
or other chief officer of the customs, together with the super-
vising inspector for the district, [and the presidentof the
Chamber of Commerce, if there be one, otherwise the
president of the Board of Trade, if there be one, otherwise
the collector or other chief officer of the customs and the
supervising inspector,] and the judge of the district cottrt of
the United States for the district in each of the following
collection districts, namely: New Orleans and St. Louis,
on the Mississippi rivei; Louisville, Cincinnati, Wheeling,
and Pittsburg, on the Ohio river; Buffalo and Cleveland,
on Lake Erie; Detroit, upon Detroit river; Nashville,
upon the Cumberland river; Chicago, on Lake Michigan;
Oswego, on Lake Ontario ; Burlington, in Vermont; Gal-
veston, in Texas; and Mobile, in Alabama; Savannah,
in Georgia; Charleston, hi South Carolina; Norfolk, in
Virginia; Baltimore,in Maryland; Philadelphia, in Penn-
sylvania; New York, in New'York; New London, in Con-
necticut; Providence, in Rhode Islctnd ; Boston, m Massa-
chusetts ; Portland, in Maine; and San Francisco, in Cal-
ifornia—shall desienate two inspectors of good character
and suitable qualifications to perform the services required
ofthem by this act within [their] the respective districts
for which they shall be appointed; one of whom, from his
practical knowledge of ship-building, and the uses of steam
in navigation, shall be fully competent to make a reliable
estimate of the strength, sea-worthiness, and other qual-
ities of the hulls of steamers and their equipment, deemed
essential to safety of life [and propeity,] when such vessels
are employed in [navigation,] the carriage of passengers,
to be called the inspector of hulls; the other of whom,
fiom his knowledge and experience of the duties of an en-
gineer employed in navigatingvessels by steam, and also in
the construction and use of boilers, and the machinery and
appurtenances therewith connected, shall be able to form
a reliable opinion of the quality of the material, the strength,
form, workmanship, and suitableness of such boilers and
machinery to be employed in [navigation] the carriage of
passengers without hazard to life [orproperty] fronnmper-
fpctions in the material, workmanship, or arrangement of
any part of such apparatus for steaming, to be called the
inspector o^ boilers; and these two persons thus designated,
if approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be from
the time of such designation, inspectors, empowered and
required to perform the duties herein specified, to wit:
"First. Upon application in writing bv the master or
owner, they shall, once in every [six months] year at least,
carefully inspect the hull of each steamer belonging to their
respective districts, and employed in [navigation] thecar-
riagc of passengers, and shall satisfy themselves that [each]
every such vessel so submitted to their inspection is of a
structure suitable for the service in which she is to be em-
ployed, has suitable accommodations for her crew and pas-
sengers, and is in a condition to warrant the belief that she
may be used in navigation as a steamer, with safety to life
[and property,] and that all the requirements of law m re-
gard to fires, boats, pumps, hose,life-preserver?, float*, and
other things, are faithfully complied with ; and if they deem
it expedient, they may direct the vessel to be put in motion,
and may adopt any other suitable means to test her suffi-
ciency, and that of her equipment."
The next amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was read. It was to strike out the second
clause of section nine, as follows:
" Second. They shall also, once in every six months, in-
spect the boilers of all steamers, subjecting them to a hy-
drostatic pressure, the limit to which, not exceeding two
hundred pounds to the square inch, may be prescribed by
the owner or master, and shall satisfy themselves, by ex-
amination and experimental trials, that the boilers are well
made, m an approved form, of good and suitable material ;
that the openings for the passage of water and steam respect-
ively, and all pipes and tubes exposed to heat are of proper
dimensions, and free from obstruction; that the spaces be-
tween the flues are sufficient, and that the fire-line of the
furnace is below the prescribed water-line of the boilers;
and that such boiler and the machinery, and the appurte-
nances, may be safely employed in the service proposed in
the written application, without peril to life or property ;
and shall also satisfy themselves that the safety-valves are
of suitable dimensions, sufficientinnumber, well arranged,
and in good woiking order, all but one of which may, if ne-
cessary, in the. opinion of the inspectors, to secure safety,
betaken wholly from the control of all persons engaged in
navigating the vessel; that there is a suitable number of
gauge cocks inserted in the most approved manner; also,
a water-gauge, and a steam-gauge, of approved construc-
tion, indicating the height of the water and the pressure of
the feteam ; that upon the upper outfide flue of each out-
side high-pressure boiler there is placed, in a satisfactory
manner, alloyed metals, fusible by the heat of the boiler
when raised to the highest working pressure allowed, and
in or upon the top of the flues of all other boilers in the
steamer, such alloyed metals be placed as aforesaid, fusing
at ten pounds greater pressure, thereby in each case letting
steam escape; and that adequate and certain provision is
made for an ample supply of water to feed the boilers at all
times, whether the vessel is in motion or not, so that in high-
pressure boilers it shall not be less than four inches above
the flue: Provided, however, In steamers hereafter built
and supplied with new boilers and machinery, oi in cases
of machinery hereafter made, if the alloy fuses on the outer
boilers a pressure of ten pounds exceedine the working
pressure allowed, and at twenty pounds above said pres-
sure on the inner boilers, it shall be a sufficient compliance
with this act."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following, viz:
Second. They'shall also inspect the boilers of such steam -
ers before the same shall be used, and once in every year
thereafter, subjecting them to a hydrostatic pressure, the
limit to which not exceeding one hundred and sixty-five
pounds to the square inch for high-pressure boilers, may be
prescribed by the owner or the master, and shall satisfy them-
