1450*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
and there is no way in which that communication
can be kept up or continued at less expense than
by the temporary repair of this bridge. I believe
that the bridge as it stands, with its piers and
abutments, is a nuisance, and will eventually do
essential injury to the city of Washington, and
the health of its inhabitants. I believe that it is
necessary for us to open a direct communication
with the Virginia shore. There should be a bridge
constructed across the Potomac river, that should
not allow thedeposits of the Potomac as they come
down to be lodged on the flats as they are now,
and become prejudicial to the health of the city, as
I have no doubt they will be, and fill up the chan-
nel. But we have to make an appropriation for
this purpose. Preparation will be necessary, and
it will be at least one year, if not two years, be-
fore a suitable and proper bridge can be built across
that river. Now, if this small appropriation of
$12,000, as I consider it, be made, the present
bridge can be repaired so as to have a communi-
cation until a new bridge can be built, and then,
undou tedly, the whole of this structure ought to
be removed, as a common nuisance.
It was for this reason that \ assented to the prop-
osition of my friend from Illinois, in recommend-
ing this appropriation. I think, now, if the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina will reflect
that it is utterly impossible to keep up a commu-
nication with the Virginia shore unless through
the repair of this bridge, he will be satisfied that
this appropriation ought to be made in order to
have that repair. Then the Senator from Illinois
and myself will go with him for constructing a
new bridge upon a different principle, to be rid of
those abutments and piers which absolutely ob-
struct, not only the free passage of the water, but
continue the accumulation of deposits upon the
bed of the river, which will eventually, if not re-
moved, be destructive to the health of the city.
Now, if you undertake to get a ferry across, and
remove the bridge, it will cost double the amount
required to repair the bridge. To maintain a ferry
across the river until a new bridge can be erected
will cost double the amount now asked for. The
better course is, L think, to repair the bridge at pres-
ent, temporarily, in as cheap a manner as it can
possibly be done with safety. Then, in the gen-
eral appropriation bill, we can provide for the con-
struction of such a bridge as will answer the pur-
pose in view completely, and at the same time
guard against the filling up of the river. 1 am,
therefore, in favor of the present appropriation of
$12,000 for the repair of the bridge. But still, I
agree with the Senator from North Carolina, that
this miserable structure should be removed from
the river. It, however, cannot be done at present.
If we were to go to work immediately and make
an appropriation now for removing it, it would be
another year before it could be removed. In the
mean time there would lie no means of communi-
cation between the Virginia shore and the District
of Columbia. These are my views upon the sub-
ject, and these are the reasons why I agreed with
my friend from Illinois, that the appropriation
should be recommended to the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should be very much obliged
to the Senator who moved this amendment, or any
member of the committee who has investigated
the matter, to inform me where the division is
between the State of Virginia and the District of
Columbia. I would like to know where is the
line, and whether any portion of this budge is in
the State of Virginia; and if so, whether that por-
tion carried away was in the District or in the
State of Virginia.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a report on the ta-
ble which I declined asking to have read the other
day, m order to avoid taking up the time of the
Senate. Perhaps the best thing I could do would
be to have that report read. I would state, how-
ever, in addition to what my friend from Rhode
Island has said, that on inquiry, as far as we could
obtain information, we ascertained that if there
was a new bridge about to be constructed, at this
moment it would be necessary to make these re-
pairs to aid m constructing a new bridge, and that
the $12,000 proposed to be expended m the repair
of this bridge would be wisely expended even to
aid in the construction of a new bridge.
I agree with my honorable friend from North
Carolina that there ought to be a new structure,
and I hope before long to have such a one—one
that will enable railroad cars to pass over it. I
wish to have a bridge passable for railroad cars,
so as to let the North and South unite here m
Washington; but to do that, this bridge, or some
such bridge, is necessary, and some repair is ne-
cessary to enable us to make that new structure.
The locality for such a structure has not been
selected, and the plan has not been provided; there-
fore we must repair this bridge in some way, or,
as my friend from Rhode Island has stated, there
will be no communication between this city and
the Virginia shore, except that which is now main-
tained by a sort of temporary little boat which is
running.
1 hope there will be no further objection to the
amendment. I take no other interest m this mat-
ter than that which every man in this District
must feel. Theie ought to be some communica-
tion between the District and Virginia shore. This
is the cheapest that can be possibly provided at
this moment, it is only proposed now to repair
the bridge temporarily. The amendmentprovides
that the money shall be expended under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, in
order to avoid the appointment of an officer for
the purpose. The object is to patch up the bridge
temporarily, and make it do for the present, until
we obtain a plan for a new structure.
I will answer the question of the Senator from
Maine. The recent high water carried off that
portion of the bridge next to Virginia, but not-
withstanding that, it is within the District of Co-
lumbia; and it is the duty of Congress to make
this appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know what is
the boundary line between the District and Vir-
ginia?
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. Does this proposed expenditure of
$12,000 look to a structure of a different kind than
the one which has heretofore existed ? Is it to be
expended in connection with a plan for another
and a better bridge than we have heretofore had?
Or is the expenditure altogether independent of
another bridge? 1 would much prefer that the
plan for this should contemplate another struc-
ture; for if we expend this as a single appropria-
tion, without looking to a change in the character
of the structure, it will, in my opinion, be the loss
of so much money; whereas, if a plan should be
adopted for a permanent structme, and we should
appropriate this amount now, and it should be ex-
pended for the repair of the present bridge as a
part of a new structure, it would be so much
money saved. I would ue very glad if we could
have some such an ai rangement as that, before the
appropriation is made.
Mr. SHIELDS. That, in my humble opinion,
cannot be done. As far as we have been able to
make any inquiries in relation to this matter, from
many competent engineers, we have ascertained,
that if there is a new structure, it must be placed
in a new position. It must be placed in a dif-
ferent locality—nearer Georgetown; perhaps at
Georgetown; perhaps near the aqueduct at
Georgetown. But there has been no plan, no in-
vestigation, and no survey yet made. Indeed, it
will be a work of time to make a proper plan.
The only question here is whether we shall patch
up this bridge, and make it answer the ends de-
( signed for the present? I will state again, that
these gentlemen have informed thecommittee, that
if the locality was now selected, and the plan also
in our hands, and the appropriation made for a
new bridge, it would be advantageous to repair
the old bridge, to aid in the construction of a new
one—that it would save money even to repair it
for that purpose, and that purpose alone.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, 1 am
rather opposed to inserting this provision in this
bill, because I think weought to have more inform-
ation upon several subjects to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate very briefly. I
know that for the last fifteen or twenty years the
city of Georgetown has been complaining bitterly
of the destruction of the harbor of that place, in
consequence of the erection of this bridge, and
that its citizens have preferred very heavy claims
against Congress, and asked for remuneration for
the injury done to their commerce by putting up
this bridge, which has destroyed their harbor.
Now, if you intend to renew tins bridge by re-
building it, or building another, you do the peo-
ple of that city the injury of which they already-
complain. 1 think that before you repair the old
bridge, or build another, something ought to be
done in reference to the feelings of that people.
The interests of that people ought to be consulted
before you put an obstruction in the river which
will destroy their harbor. I therefore wish that
the committee who have charge of this subject
would inquire into the present condition of our
relations with respect to Georgetown, the injury
of which its citizens complained, and what further
injury they may receive by the repair of the old
bridge, or the building of a new one.
There is another thing that I wish to suggest
to the committee, and to the Senate. It seems,
from what has been said by the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, that the
appropriation of these $12,000 is only contempla-
ted for temporary repairs of the present bridge, to
be used until some new structure can be built at
some place, which is to supercede the old bridge
altogether. Now, I would like very much to
know what will be the probable cost of this new
structure? If it is to be built according to the plan
suggested some years ago, during General Jack-
son's administration, I think it will amount to
some two, or three, or four millions of dollars.
That was to be a bridge constituted of arches of
stone, with suitable passes for water and vessels
below the arches. I do not recollect precisely the
amount of the estimate for that bridge, but it was
several millions of dollars. If the appropriation
is to be made, to keep up the communication be-
tween the District and the Virginia shore, allow
me to say, that the interest upon half the money
invested, would enable steamboats to be built
which would carry passengers, and carriages, and
produce of every description, from shore to shore
with greater facility, in half the time, and at much
less expense. If cost is to regulate in matters of
this sort, I wish that consideration to be taken
into view by the committee in their deliberations
upon the subject, before we expend any more
money upon the present structure.
If the present structure is to be abandoned at all,
either for the purpose of securing the harbor at
Georgetown, or in favor of another project, it
seems to me that it would be rather premature to
begin now to repair the bridge. I would prefer
carrying on the communication by steam, as at
present, to entering into the expenditure of such
an amount. I hope, therefore, that we will post-
pone the addition of $12,000 to this bill; let the
matter be considered, let the committee giveusin-
formation upon these points, and offer the propo-
sition at some period which may come up during
the progress of the session.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the committee
confines itself to the particular question which it
brings before the Senate. When the matter to
which the honorable Senator from Kentucky re-
fers Is under consideration, it will then be time
enough for the committee to comeforward and give
the information which he requires. But, in order
to get that information, we must employ compe-
tent persons to make surveys, and to bring for-
ward plans and estimates. This we have notdone;
we have not been authorized to do it; we have not
been authorized to employ any engineers to ac-
complish it. At present, the only thing that the
committee has thought of was to place the bridge
in a passable condition, until we could agree upon
some new plan, so that the intercommunication
between the District and Viiginia should not be
permanently broken up. Now, it is doubtful
whether we will ever agree upon that plan, or not;
and, if the plan should be agieed upon, if we are
as successful about the matter as about other
things, it is very likely that it may be abandoned.
All that the committee now want is, that some-
thing should be done to^ive us time to consider
what that plan should be; what that structure
should be; where it should be located; what its
expense is to be; and, in the mean time, to have
some kind of communication between the District
and Virginia. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina says that we might as well have steamboats to
carry on this communication. Now, the commu-
nication across this bridge is the cheapest, as far
I understand, that can possibly exist between this
District and Virginia, until you get up the plan
for, and construct the new bridge, if it is ever got-
ten up.
I will say, in addition, that a committee from
Georgetown have seen me this morning, and they
