1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
are perfectly willing that the bridge should be
placed in a passable condition temporarily, until
some new and better plan is devised for commu-
nication between the District and Virginia. My
opinion is, that a proper structure will be very ex-
pensive. As far as I have been able to inquire and
ascertain, it will be .so—that is, if it be such a one
as ought to exist in this capital; such a one as
would be worthy of thecapital and the nation. It
should be one that would be passable for railroad
cars, as well as for carriages of every other descrip-
tion. Such a structure will be very expensive. In
the mean time, $12,000 only is asked, in order to
provide a communication until this plan is deter-
mined upon.
I would say, further, that these repairs will not
increase the impediments in the river; on the con-
trary, they will leave the river just as it is, until
this whole structure is torn away, and the river is
dredged. That cannot be done until you have a
new structure completed and made passable.
Mr. HALE. It seems to be admitted that this
structure is a nuisance, and the only question is,
whether we shall continue it for any length of
stime? -I hope we shall not do so. A word as to
the idea that we are without communication with
Virginia. Now, 1 think steamboats run every
fifteen minutes during the day, from here to the
city of Alexandria. It is suggested that, even
when we build a bridge, it will have to be built
near Georgetown. Well, there is a good foot-
bride there now, across the aqueduct. There
being these two modes of communication between
the District and Virginia, it seems to me that there
is no necessity for patching up this bridge until a
new one is built. Every one who advocates the
patching up of this, admits that it is to be only
temporary. Now, the probability is, that if you
make this temporary improvement, it will make
the bridge pretty permanent, and it will be a
nuisance.
I think that a great deal is due to the suggestions
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky. I think
that, while we are the sole Legislature for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, we ought to have some regard
for the only city within the District, except the
one in which we are now—we ought to have some
regard for the city of Georgetown. It must be
manifest to everybody, who will look at the river
from the bridge up, that it has done great injury
to the navigable capacity of the river, to George-
town, and to its harbor. The consent which the
citizens of Georgetown have given to this matter,
upon a communication with the Senator from Illi-
nois, is to patch up this bridge as a temporary
thing, preparatory to building a permanent struc-
ture.
This permanent structure cannot be anything
like so expensive as the honorable Senator from
Kentucky supposes. I believe that the most
splendid bridge in the world—and I refer to the
Wheeling bridge, which the Supreme Court have
decided to be a nuisance—and I hope Congress will
act as a court of errors, and set aside that decis-
ion—cost only $200,000. I believe that the bridge
over the Ohio river at Wheeling cost only $200,000.
That is the amount stated in the memorial of the
bridge company, which has been presented to us.
If that be so—if such a bridge as that can be built
for $200,000, we can have one from Georgetown
across the Potomac—a wire suspension bridge,
with a span of from three to six hundred feet, for
a mere fraction of the sum which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky says was suggested years
ago. That being the case, I hope we will not con-
tinue this nuisance any longer.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then we ought to make an
appropriation to take away the present bridge al-
together. We ought either to repair the present
bridge, and make it passSble, or we should make
an appropriation to clear the river at once.
Mr. HALE. I will go for that.
Mr. SHIELDS. That will take much more
than the appropriation we now propose. I put it
to honorable Senators, if they arc disposed to tear
away the old bridge until we determine on build-
ing a new one, and whether it is not the wisest
part, not to act, as we sometimes do, precipitately
m this matter; but to make this bridge passable,
and then take time to consider and agree upon
some plan for a new structure, if we are to make
such a new structure.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I think it well
for the Senate to consider what is going to be ac-
complished by this appropriation, before we decide
to adopt it. In order to ascertain this, 1 beg to
call the attention of the Senate to the report made
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings, on the
22d of April last, so that the Senate may see what
is the nature of this structure, what is left of it,
and what is the ultimate and total effect expected
to be produced by this appropriation of $12,000.
The Commissioner says:
'♦This bridge has been in a decayed condition for some
tune past, and latterly I have feared that accidents would
occur, involving the loss of human life. It should be re-
built thiougbout; but what course it maybe the pleasure
of Congress to pursue, it is for tliat body to decide."
Well, then, as the whole bridge requires repair
throughout, what is to be done with these $12,000 ?
The Commissioner proceeds:
" I have made an estimate oi the cost of making such
repairs as will restore the bridge to use, and find that
$12,000 will accomplish that object in such a manner as to
wake it useful for a year or two, unless agam broken by a
freshet."
Then here is a structure ruinous and dangerous
throughout. Happily, a portion of it has been
carried away by an extraordinary freshet, so that
the lives of the people are endaugered by attempt-
ing to cross what cannot be crossed without dan-
ger. Now, we propose to apply $12,000, not to
restore the structure so as to make it throughout
safe, but to patch up this broken place, and put
such other repairs upon the bridge as will just en- |
able people to use it. I, for one, am totally
opposed to it. I do not agree with my friend from
Illinois, that we ought to allow this bridge to
stand until we determine whether we are to have
another. I think that it is far belter to have none,
than the present one—I think that it is far better
to have the river open. Why should we inflict
upon Georgetown the inconvenience and loss of
having the navigation obstructed, and daily be-
coming more and more obstructed ? Why should
we have this structure—a large portion of it a solid
causeway, a total obstruction to the flow of water,
filling up the river with shoals that, at low water,
are exposed to the sun, and must ultimately be-
come a source of disease to the whole of that part
of the city? Why should we do that? I can
conceive no reason for it. I would far rather that
the whole bridge were taken away, and a steam-
ferry established, than retain such a structure as
we now have. Being of that opinion, I am op-
posed to this amendment for patching up this
bridge; for, let me assure the Senator that just so i
long as you will patch up that bridge and enable \
people to get across, just so long you will have no
other or better structure. I am only sorry that the
freshet which took away part of the bridge, did not
carry the whole of it away, and leave the river open
and free. I believe it would have been a matter of
great importance had that been done,and Congress
had lent its assistance, if necessary, to establish a
convenient ferry or build a new bridge. I think
we ought not to continue the present structure an
hour longer. I should, as I said before, be far
more willing to vote $25,000 to remove it, than
$12,000 to patch it up. It is an unsightly, inju-
rious, disgraceful nuisance, and I do not want to
mend it at all.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. As the yeas and nays are ordered,
I desire simply to say, that I am in favor of ma-
king a good bridge; but as the Senator from North j
Carolina [Mr. Badger] remarked, if we patch up
this bridge we will not build another. I am not,
therefore, in favor of the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. The only reason why 1 ofTer
the amendment is, that, as chairman of the com-
mittee, numerous complaints have been addressed
to me by parties who complain of the want of com-
j munication, and that they have, consequently, no
! market; thatat Georgetown there is no bridge, and
| the bridge in front of this city is destroyed. I
i therefore conceived it to be my duty to bring in
■ the amendment and urge its adoption, for the pur-
| pose of giving these people some means of com-
S munication.
I The yeas and nays were then taken, with the
| following result—yeas 20, nays 23:
[ YEAS—Mes«rh. Benien. Bradbuiv, Bright, Clarke, Da-
; vis Dodge of Wisconsin, Down*, Font, Hamlin, Hunter,
James, Jones of Tennessee, Mancum. Miller, Pearce, Se-
bastian. Seward, Shields, Wade, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atclnson, Badger, Bell, Brod
head, Brooke, Butler, Cass. Chase, Be Saussure. podge of
Iowa, Felch, Fish, G  yer, Hale, Mallory, Rusk, Smith,
Soule, Spruance, Sumner, Undervvuod, and Upham—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUN TER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment:
For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the District
of Columbia; also for juries and witnesses, in aid of the
funds arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred
in the fiscal year ending June 30,1852, and previous years \
and likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in wBidi
the United States are concerned, and of prosecutions for
offenses committed against the United States, and forth©
apprehension and safe-keeping of prisoners, in addition to
former appropriations, $90,001).
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to give some explana*
tion of that amendment,
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is in pursu-
ance of an estimate from the Treasury Depart-
ment. I have a letter from Mr. Whittlesey, the
Comptroller, which can be read. That explains
what the Senator from New Hampshire desires to
have explained.
Treasury Department, ?
Comptroller's Ofjfice, May 13,1852. \
Sir : In pursuance of your reference to me of House bill
No. 146, repoited by Mr. McLanahan from the Committee
on the Judiciary, January 29,1852, to regulate the fees and
costs to he allowed officers of the Federal courts, with a
note indorsed thereon by Mr. Houston, chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, requesting you to examine
the bill and make estimates based upon it, staling, as nearly
as may be, how much should he appropriated in ca&e that
bill should become a law, T have to report that I have ex-
amined the subject, and submit the result of my examina-
tion and opinion, as follows:
The amount drawn for expenses of courts during the year
ending June 30, 1851, over and above repayments, was
over$6l6;000; drawn from July 1, 1851, to this date, over
$548,000—balance now to the credit of that fund about
&*6,< 0 ; and to the credit of fines, forfeitures, and penalties,
about $13,000.
During the present fiscal year the expenses have been
very much increased, probably $-30,000 or $40,000, by prose-
cutions growing outof the fugitive slave law in Massachu-
setts. New York, and Pennsylvania, and prosecutions in
New York and Louisiana for violation?: of the neutrality law.
Many of the bills for these extraordinary expenses have not
yet come in. There will probably be needed from this time
until the 30th of June, including those extraordinary ex-
penses, about $*1 10.000; and if so, there-will be a deficit of
about $90,000.
This large deficit will occur, notwithstanding the amounts
have been closely examined in tiiis office, and my action
as an accounting officei has been complained of by some of
the marshals, clerks, and district attorneys as extremely
rigid.
The items for services during the present fiscal year, cer-
tified by the judges, including what will be certified, which
have been and will be rejected as illegal, will probably
amount to $50,000. Many of the officers insist that the cer-
tificates of the judges are final and conclusive; that the ac-
counting officers have no legal power or rightto look behind
the ceifificates; and that all the action of the accounting
officers, m rejecting numerous items in the accounts certi-
fied, and reducing the amounts of others, is illegal. If that
view of the law should be finally sustained, all those re-
jected items must be provided for, which would probably
swell the deficit during the present .vear to nearly $150,000.
How large an appropnation would be required to >ettle such
items, certified by the judges and disallowed by the account-
ing officers during previous years, it is not-possible to esti-
mate or even conjecture. The sums disallowed b\ my pre-
decessor and myself in the accounts of one officer, (those
of Mr. purant, late district attorney for the eastern district
of Louisiana ) amount ro nearly $42,000.
The judicial expenses of the Government have been
greatly increased by an extension of territory, and the crea-
tion of the new diftuctF of California, Oregon, Minnesota,
New Mexico, and fTuih. I will estimate them for the
year beginning July 1st, 1852, and ending June 30, 1853,
over and above the amounts that may be received from
fino«; and penalties, as follows :
In case the present Jaws remain in force, and the certifi-
cates of the judges are to be regarded as conclusive as to
the legality and amount of each item certified, I estimate
the amount at $680,000.
In case the amounts are acted upon and passed, as they
have been during the past jear, under the present laws, I
estimate ihe amount needed at $*630,000. What the ex-
penses would be under the present law, can be estimated
fiuni past expeiirnce, with a reasonable approximation to
accuiacy ; what they would be under the bill submitted by
the committee, it is much more difficult to othnate. The
bill does not propose a general reduction of fees, and though
it would reduce some of the items of fees in a few of thedis-
tiicts and equalize them, it would increase them in ten in-
stances wheie it would reduce them in one. For instance,
it propose^ to raise juiors' fee* from $1 35 to $2 per day,
and witnesses' fees from $*J 25 to $1 50 per day. It would
raise the fees and increase the compensation of district at-
torneys in about three fourths of the districts. It takes the
fee*- allowed to marshals by the fee bill of February 28th,
1799 as the ba-is, and in every instance where any change
is made in the compensation for anv item of service, the bill
proposes to increase u The bill proposes to equaize
clerks' fees. It allows a very liberal compensation for is-
suing writs, filing papers, making dockets, and indexes,
taxing eos-ts.and all general services,and a moderate com-
pensation for making entries, records, and copies. I think
it would inciease the fees for any given amount of services
rendered in a majority of the districts, but its precise oper-
ation cannot be determined in advance. The object ot the
bill is to equalize fees, and to lessen expenses by regulating
