540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
tion, especially when there is nothing left but the
remnant of large districts of fine land. Take my
own Stale, if you please. There is no public
lauds in my own district. There is not an acre
left there. We have no land officer. I have
110 interest in this question, directly or indirectly,
but I am interested in the institutions of this coun-
try. This system has worked well. Nearly all
the lands have been taken up in ray State. The
districts are comparatively impoverished.
These land officers now occupying these offices
are parsimoniously paid under the new system
you impose upon them. Is it right' Does it
become the American people at this juncture, and
for what? Why is the compensation of these
land officers thus cut down ? Why, it is to make a
bounty for these men who have peiiled their lives
in the bloody wars for the defence of the country—
it is for this that these civilians—these land officers
are thus bled—it is to pay the soldier out of the mo-
ney that is extracted from these land officers. Does
that become the chivalry of the American people?
Are we thus straightened to raise the bounty our
gratitude would pay ' I think not. Return to
the system we have long acted upon, and a blush
of shame will not then manile your cheek, espe-
cially in a case of this kind, if we have been pay-
ing these officers too much in times °;one by, when
the West was full of fat lands, and everybody was
seeking them from the ends of the earth—let us
declare m the abstract that we have been dom^so,
and that we have been deceived all the while,
rather than go to work now upon these land offi-
cers who are holding, upon stinted allowances, the
same positions their predecessors have for many
lonf; years, upon liberal pay, and that too for the
purpose of raising; a bounty for the soldiers who
nave reflected credit and ^lory upon the character
of your country. Now is that right? Is it prop-
er? Is this House, are the American people pre-
pared for such a step ?
Connected with this matter, there is another
thing, I confess, does not very well accord with
my sentiments of right and of justice. It is (he
attack upon the o/Kre-holders. .Sir, the time will
not come soon when we can do without office-
holders, and when we are not bound to them. It
is best to be upon good terms with them. If we
could place ourselves at defiance with these office-
holder, and ail others in Government positions,
there might be some propriety in it; but so long
as we have a Government we must have officers;
and they should not be assailed as our enemies.
We have lmd some experience, as I said before, in
times gone by; and who has complained that these
officers were too well paid, when their income
was much more than now? In the most rampant
time of Jacksonism, or (he Whiggery of other
days, did you hear a word of complaint that those
oJTii.eis weie gelling too mu<h? Why is it the
cry is raised now against their compensation;
Let them answer who can. And let them say
if the country has become so poor that this
fax must be levied upon land ofiireis to raise
proper bounty for the soldier.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dra-
IIam'b amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurnng upon Mr. Yates's
amendment, it was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Gay-
lord's amendment to strike out the 2d section of
the resolution and to niseit the 2d section of the
bill of the select committee.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; winch were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
Mr. BELL offered the following as an addi-
tional section, to come in it at the end of the 2d
section:
P'pvi«ion« of the act entitled << An act jrrant-
* , certain ohicers ami ^hiier- who ]Klv>-
i i'' "J '' mih,;uy service ol the United Stnte* "
Kn rSTn™^l83''',,C "m'"y  '< '« to
or mivVtr w J'y ooral "-'<"  l "ffiecr, nm K mn, '
3 "f• ?,'?,? 10 ,or il <!'■«' " or uidetuiite , |
Ieis tti'in thirti'fh, c i '"y did serve some time, tlmu«h I
fir?t 1 ee . f S,, Ia"y 01 MHl w'1,s •'"■"""'tiled m tfie j
a I hat in I'li-c- wnere tl.enj is „0 wn
or el.iMii'n, enml •(! uiiilei the
vidow or minor child
t le h..|,„ .11 knv .u,d n-xt uf km shall he entitle to reee " il
the s,u„, ,,U.ei.it, Ul luiHl mat such deeeased co m, ;
officer. iij,w< ia„; or |,mate, would hdve ,^ "",1 had lie I
been living at the parage of s;ud act. aaa lie i.
3. That in the event of the death of a commissioned of
ficer, musician, or private, who shall have made applica-
tion tor bounty laud under the provisions of said act, during
the pendency of such application, any warrant l.^ued in
the name ot any such deceased applicant, such wairant so
issued ? hall not become void, but snail inure to and tor the
benefit of those entitled thereto, tine same a  lf&uch officer
or soldier had been deceased at the passage of said act.
Mr. BELL. I wish, in a very few words, to
direct the attention of the committee to the pro-
visions of the amendment 1 propose, for I am
satisfied that if they understand it, they will give
it their support. The first amendment I pro-
pose is, that where applications are made under
the law of 1850, for those who were in the war of
181^, and the Indian war, and who served less
than thirty days, or actually engaged to sexve
and were honorably disciuuged according: to the
provisions of that act, they should be entitled to
forty acres of bounty land. Now, such is the
provision granting bounty land to Mexican
soldiers; and 1 know this committee, when they
correctly understand tins matter, will draw no
distinction.
The second amendment I propose is this: that
when under the provisions of this act of 18SU,
there shall be no minor heir or widow surviving- to
draw the share the deceased soldier was entitled
to, then his other heirs shall draw such share.
The provision that was made in the law granting
bounty lands to Mexican soldiers, was right and
applicable at that time, confining the bounty to
the minor heirs and widow, for these soldiers
were then fresh, as it were, from the battle-field.
There were fathers, motheis, widows, or minor
heirs in the greater part of these cases; but who
would claim that tins should have any application
to those who served in the wars of Wayne, St.
Clair, Manner, or the last war with Great Brit-'
ain? The policy ofgiantmg bounty lands has
been already adopted and sanctioned by this Gov-
ernment. Why shall we not, then, equalize the
benefits of these acts, and extend the same pro-
vision to the soldiers of 1791, under St. Clair; of
1793 and 1794, under Wayne, to the soldiers under
Hnrnnr, and those m the war of 1812?
Let me tell you a single fact. At a meeting last
fall, when the citizens of western Ohio and east-
ern Indiana gathered up and reinterred the bones
of the five bundled who had fallen in St. Clair's
defeat, those who had been engaged m that battle
were invited to join in the procession, but there
was not one there ready to respond to the call.
When the children of those hardy veterans were
called upon to fall into the procession, you see
but the number of forty or more. Now, I ask
you if these men are not equally entitled to the
benefits which yoa give to those who served in
your subsequent wars? 1 claim that they are.
Who will pietend to deny that those who
marched from North Caiohna; that the regiment
ol bold Kentuckians who crossed the Ohio, and
marched out through the wilderness one hundred
miles to that fatal battle-field—are not equally en-
titled, I will not say to the benefit of this Govern-
ment, but honest payment for their services? If
they do not live to enjoy the benefit of the bounty,
give it to the nearest of km—to the persons upon
whom the soldier would confer it, if he were liv-
ing, and which the law would give them in relation
to any other estate. I hold that it is a payment of
service for which this Government professes, and
intends by its laws to provide for. The third sec-
tion provides for the cases, in relation to which I
have obtained information from the Secretary of
the Interior. It is a provision for those cases
where the applicant dies during the pendency of
his application.
The amendment I propose provides that the
benefits of the bounty land act shall inure to the
widow or children of the officer or soldier, the same
as if he had been deceased at the passage of the
act. It docs not require a new application. The
rules of the Department now require that a new
petition should be filed. This third section simply
reinstates the provision which was adopted by the
Department under the law, giving bounty land to
the Mexican soldiers. I would ask for a division,
so that we may vote upon this matter understand-
ingly. I behe\e it is understood that the commit-
tee will adopt these amendments.
The question was then taken, and a count hein<r
had,theie were—ayes 49, noes 35—no quorum
voting.
Mr. ORR, demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Mason, of Kentucky, and
Puller, of Maine, were aopointed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Il is obvious
that there is not a quorum present, and I therefore
move that the committee rise. The motion was
agreed to,
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order of the
House, being joint resolution No. 1 of the House,
explanatory of the act approved September 28th,
1850, entitled "An act granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States,"and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER,
The House then adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BTLL.
By Mr. CLARK ; A bill lo regulate the terms of the dis-
tiict court for the district of Iowa.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memonals, petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and refeired to the appropriate committees :
By Mr DURKEE : The petition of James McFpe and
27 other*, of Guilford, in the Slate of Illinois, praying that
our Government may use its best endeavors to secure by
tieaties with other nations, a codc ot international laws
lor the peaceful adjudication of national disputes.
Mr. CONGER (December 17,1851) presented the peti-
tion of the present and late land officers at G<'n«\scu, M'ehi-
gan, praying compensation for locating military bounty land
warrants.
Mr. CONGER (January 16, 1852) presented the petition
of citizens of the State of Michigan, praying for the con-
strurtion of a ship canal at Sault Ste. Marie, in said State.
Also, the petition of citizens of Saginaw county, m the
' State ol Michigan, praying foi the iiripiovementof Saginaw
haibor.
Also, a map of that portion of the State of Michigan,
called New Holland, lieietofore presented. February 7th,
1830.
Also, the petition of citizens of Detroit, in the State of
Michigan, in relation to the improvement of the southern
shore ot Lake Superior, heretotore presented. February
25 th, 1850.
ANo, the petition of citizens of the State of Michigan, in
relation to Sand Beach, on the coastofLake Huron,hereto-
foie presented. Febiuary 8th, 1851.
Also, the petition of citizens of the State of Michigan, in
relation to the extension ol the Mobiie and Chicago railroad
to Lake Supenoi.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the State of Michigan,
praying for an appropiiation for the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of Clinton river, in said State. ♦ •
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Macomb
county, in the State of Michigan, of like import with the
foregoing.
Alx-o, the leport of Colonel Abert, in relation to the im-
provement of the hail>ors on the east coast of Lake Michi-
gan.
Also, the petition of citizens and all the officers of St.
Clair county, m the State of Michigan, piaytng for the es-
tablishment of a mail route fiom Columbia, in St. Clair
county, via Memphis, East Beilm, West Rerlin, to Almont,
in Lapeer county, in .-aid State.
Mr. CONGER (Fehruaiy 9, 18o2) presented the petition
of Jacob Shook and other3, citizens of Hariis on,in Macomb
county, Michigan, for improvements at the mouth of Clin-
ton river.
Also, the petition of William M. Fenton and others, citi-
zens of Genesee county, Michigan, piajing a grant of land
to said State for the use of the raihoad company, to aid in
constructing a railroad fiom Pontiac to Ottawa county, or
Grand Haven, on Lak<* Michigan.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Culbertson, Mean? &
Co., and 17 other firms, including the names of the p«actical
iron manufacturers of the counties of Lawrence, Scioto,
Jackson, and Gallia, Oluo, and Gieenup countv, ni Ken-
tucky, setting forth, that the manufacture of iron is de-
pleted to a degree that mu*t soon le^ult m a total suspen-
sion of the business; and prajing Congress to grant such
piotection to tne iron manufacturer*? as was contemplated
by the tanft act of 1846, at tiic tune of its passage and that
the duty on iron may be made specific; as under the ad
valorem system, the duty is merelv nominal when most
needed, and highest when probably not needed at all.
Also, the memorial of James W. Davis and 154 others,
citizens of Portsmouth, Ohio, praying Congress to appro-
piiate a sufficient Mini ot money to construct another canal,
onT,clt?cr «<le of lhe 0hl° river5at Fails, at Louisville.
By i Ir. SMART: Tne petition of Stephen Thurston and
others, ol fcearepoit, Maine,prajing that the law regulating
the spiut ration in the Navy may he repealed.
By Mr. RIDDLE : The inemonal of the City Council of
u ,'"1,nStoll5 Delaware, piaying for an appropriation to
build a eiHtom-housc m the Delaware district.
ti : The petition of the messengers in the
uon Department, asking an increase of compensa-
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of the citvof Phil-
adelphia, asking Congress to repair and construct haibois
in die river Delaware for the protection of vessels m the
winter.
Also, two memorials, nmneiou«lv sij?nod bv citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the tariff'oi 1^4fi
Also, the memorial of Catherine Sfruliur*-, of Piulade!
plna, asking for the restoration of lands that*m equity be-
long to her under circumstances stated in the penuon.'
