2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
mischief would result by the adoption of such a
resolution as that. I think, sir, that reports from
committees on business in their hands, should not
be made except when the House is in session; so
that should there be objection, or a motion to
refer, or any other motion that the merits of the
case might require, it could be made. Now, sir,
if 1 understand the reading of this resolution cor-
rectly, it would give to the members of a commit-
tee the right to report, and have the reports printed
and placed upon the Calendar, so as to take pre-
cedence of other business that might come up in
the next session, subjects which, perhaps, a ma-
jority of the House would not tolerate an instant.
Now, it appears to me, that the proposition of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is vastly
better, as it authorizes all this business to stand
as recommitted to these committees. At the next
session, the committees will be called regularly in
the morning hour for their reports, when they
will come in a legitimate manner before the House.
Members will be present and understand them,
and can make any objections or motions which
the subject may require. I hope, sir, that the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. ORR. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the previous question, to al-
low me to explain.
Mr. ORR. 1 will withdraw it, if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. BOWIE. I will renew it.
Mr. ORR. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. BOWIE. The object of my amendment
is, to enable the committees of the House, and
particularly the Committee on Claims, of which I
am a member, to expedite the business of legisla-
tion, by filing their reports with the Clerk of the
House, and placing them on the Calendar, ready
for the action of the House at its ensuing session.
There are many reports and bills in the hands of
members, ready to be reported, and only waiting
an opportunity, which has not been had by many
committees for several months. These would,
under the amendment offered by me, be placed in
the possession of the House, printed, and entered
on the Calendar, as if made in the House, upon the
call of the Speaker.
When reports are made in the House, they are,
in mnety-nine cases out of a hundred, referred as
recommended by the committee from which they
come, or the member by whom they are reported.
No interestcan be prejudiced by such reference.
The adoption or rejection of the report or bill is
stiil subject to the will of the majority.
There are but two references which can be made
of such reports, to " the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union," or "the Com-
mittee of the Whole House," in either of which
the subject-matter of the reports will be entirely
safe.
As I promised, I now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STANLY. If there be no objection, I
would suggest that it would be better to insert af-
ter the words " standing committees," the words,
" select committees." They have some reports to
make to the House.
The SPEAKER, By unanimous consent, that
modification can be made.
Mr. STUART. Does the gentleman propose
to insert it in the original resolution ?
Mr. STANLY. Yes. sir.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. In my resolu-
iution, all committees are included.
Mr. ST A NLY. Your resolution is not adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. But it is pending, and it can be
adopted.
There being no objection, the resolution was so
modified.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Har-
ris's amendment to the amendment; and, upon a
division, there were—ayes 38, noes 99.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Bowie, and being put, the amendment was re-
jected; there being on a division—ayes 58. noes
93.
The original resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. POLK moved that the rules be suspended, I
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. VENABLEin the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
312, making appropriations for light-houses, light-
boats, buoys, &c., and for the providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes; upon which Mr. Polk was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. POLK, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House in regard to the position of the
two great parties towards the Compromise meas-
ures, maintaining that whilst General Pierce was
fully committed in favor of the finality of those
measures, General Scott was not. He then went
into an examination of the relative fitness of the
candidates of the two parties for the Presidency,
and of their conduct in Mexico. In doing which,
he reflected with much severity upon Mr. Cul-
lom, for his alleged charge, in a speech made at
the City Hall, in Washington, that General Pierce
had acted cowardly in Mexico. A personal alter-
cation then took place between these gentlemen,
in which Mr. White, of Kentucky, was finally
involved. [The remarks of Mr. P. will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he under-
stood the Whig Executive Committee, appointed
by the National Whig Convention for the pur-
pose of superintending and managing the canvass,
had taken from the National Era an article origi-
nally published in that paper, entitled "A Brief
Chapter in the Life of General Franklin Pierce,"
in which are paraded the votes of General Pierce
m Congress on the subject of slavery, showing to
the North that he is an ardent, strong, and ultra
pro-slavery man. At the same time, in Kentucky
and other States a misrepresentation of the re-
marks of General Pierce at New Boston are her-
alded to show that he is an Abolitionist. The
Whig Executive Committee had caused a large
number of these to be printed, and placed them m
the hands of members to be franked. He then
read a list, which he obtained from the folding-
room, showing the names of the various gentle-
men who had ordered copies of the documents,
amounting, in all, to forty-eight thousand one
hundred copies. [See Appendix for speech.!
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is out
of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, it
is necessary that I should make one word of reply.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would like
to know what has become of General Pierce and
his Abolition Allies?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear no
proposition until order is restored.
Mr. CULLOM. t ask permission of the com-
mittee to say one word—but a word by way of
personal explanation. I am involved in this dis-
cussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I submit that the gentleman
cannot proceed by unanimous consent. We are
acting under an express rule of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. Any rule, I presume, may be
suspended by the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair hear ob-
jection ?
[Cries all over the Hall of " No!" " No!"]
Mr. STUART. I object, and insist upon the
execution of the order of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I move a suspension of the
rules.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done.
Mr. CULLOM. I would appeal to the gentle-
man to allow me five or ten minutes.
Mr. STUART. In the House I will notobject
to any explanation the gentleman may choose to
make, but we are now acting under an express
order of the House, which the committee cannot
vary by unanimous consent at all.
Mr. DAWSON, I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. 1 hope not.
I trust we will proceed with this bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the committee
rise, with the view of giving the gentleman from
Tennessee an opportunity to make an explanation
in the House, which was denied to him by the
objection of the gentleman from Michigan in the
committee.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 312,44 making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes," and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the permission of the
House to make a personal explanation^
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman shall be heard ?
Mr. STUART. I do not rise to object, but
only to make one word of explanation. I am
pleased to hear the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield ?
Mr. CULLOM. Most assuredly I do; but T
hope the gentleman will not object to my pro-
ceeding.
Mr. STUART. I wish to put myself right.
I will listen to the gentleman with as much pleas-
ure as any one in the House. The reason I made
objection in the committee was, that the com-
mittee was acting under an express rule which
they had no power by unanimous consent to
waive, and not because I wished to deny the hon-
orable gentleman a hearing.
Mr. CULLOM. I am much obliged to the
honorable gentleman from Michigan for his cour-
tesy, as well as to the House for this privilege of
meeting1, and in terms parliamentary and respectful
to the House, hurling back the Billingsgateabuse,
calumny, and slander, poured out at me by my col-
league, [Mr. Polk.] I am reluctant, Mr. Speaker,
to obtrude myself upon the House in the con-
sumption of its precious time, which should be
devoted to the legitimate business of dignified,
statesman-like legislation, maintaining towards
one another, to the country, and the world, that
dignity of deportment, urbanity of bearing in har-
mony with our high character as a people, as a
nation, and as a free republican Government. It
pains me that it is made my duty, as a gentleman
of some humble sense of honor, to occupy a brief
moment o£ your fleeting and precious time, upon
the very eve of the adjournment of your arduous
and protracted session, in a vindication of my
poor self and of my humble reputation. That I
have not contributed by word or deed, either to
prolong the session of Congress, or provoke this
unlooked-for onslaught upon myself, my hon-
orable colleague in the Senate, or the lofty pa-
triot and irreproachable hero, General Scott, I
appeal to all good men upon this floor, whether
Whig's or Democrats.
1 have studiously endeavored to conduct myself
upon all occasions, in and out of Congress, in
such a manner as to elevate my own honor, in the
estimation of good men, to the high standard of
my country, and the enlightened constituency
which I have the honor to represent. That such
has been my whole course here, I appeal to all to
bear me witness; with what success it does not
become me to say; but I feel one proud consola-
tion, and to me it is peculiarly grateful, that my
relations with my brother members are of the kind-
est character, without distinction of party. Yes,
sir, I have but few brothers upon this floor that
I would not open my dearest veins for, if their
sacied honor or personal safety demanded it. This
before my God 1 say of a truth. I do not say it
through fear or alarm of any living man, for I am
fully capable of saying and doing, here or else-
where, with perfect self-possession, whatever I
think, or my personal honor demands. Mr.
Speaker, my heart sickens within me to think that
at the very heels of our arduous session, which
has, through my intercourse with members, en-
twined about my ardent heart, so many kindly
recollections—of members from whom in a day
or two more, I am to take perhaps a last long
leave, to be thus reluctantly thrust before you and
the country by the ruthless assaults of my col-
league.
